<doc id="2860436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860436" title="Maurice Leyland">
Maurice Leyland

Maurice Leyland (20 July 1900 – 1 January 1967) was an English cricketer who played 41 Test matches between 1928 and 1938. In first-class cricket, he represented Yorkshire between 1920 and 1946, scoring over 1,000 runs in 17 consecutive seasons. A left-handed middle-order batsman and occasional left-arm spinner, Leyland was a "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year in 1929.
Born in Harrogate, Leyland came from a cricketing family. After playing locally, he made his Yorkshire debut in 1920, and appeared intermittently in the following two seasons. Although not statistically successful, he impressed judges at the club, and was a regular member of the team from 1923. He steadily improved over the following seasons to reach the fringes of the England team and made his Test debut in 1928 against West Indies. That winter, he toured Australia—a controversial decision as he replaced the famous batsman Frank Woolley—and scored a century in his only Test of the series. He remained in the side until 1930, but a loss of form in the next two seasons called his place into question. He recovered by scoring 1,000 runs in August 1932 to secure his inclusion in the team to tour Australia in 1932–33.
During that series, Leyland scored runs several times under pressure and by the time Australia toured England in 1934, he was a leading batsman in the team. He held his place until 1938 when he was replaced in the team by younger batsmen for the series against Australia. Recalled for the final match, he scored 187, his highest Test score in what became his last match. After military service in the Second World War, Leyland returned to the Yorkshire team for one season before announcing his retirement from regular first-class cricket. He maintained his connection with Yorkshire, and served as the county coach between 1950 and 1963. He died in 1967.
Although he was neither aesthetically nor technically among the best batsmen, Leyland had a reputation for batting well under pressure. He performed most effectively against the best teams and bowlers, and in difficult situations; his Test batting record is better than his first-class figures, and against Australia his average is even higher. Outside of Tests, he had some success with the ball, and had it not been for the depth of spin bowling in Yorkshire, he might have been a leading bowler. He was one of the first to bowl left-arm wrist-spin, and may have invented the name to describe such deliveries—"chinamen". Very popular with team-mates and spectators, Leyland had a reputation as a humorist, and many stories were told about him.
Early life and career.
Leyland was born in Bilton, an area of Harrogate, to Mercy (née Lambert) and Edward (Ted) Leyland. He was registered at birth as Morris Leyland but his name was usually spelt "Maurice". His father was a stonemason and a well-respected professional cricketer for Moorside in Lancashire. Leyland senior also acted as Moorside's groundsman, and in later years continued that role at Harrogate, Headingley Cricket Ground and Edgbaston. Leyland junior joined his father in the Moorside team in 1912, and by the age of fourteen had graduated to the Lancashire League. After military service in the First World War, he became a professional cricketer for Harrogate between 1918 and 1920. From there he made appearances for the Yorkshire Council, and Yorkshire's second team, for whom he bowled regularly; when he reached the first team, he bowled infrequently in his first seasons. Around this time, he also played football for Harrogate.
During the early 1920s, the Yorkshire committee was attempting to find players to replace those whose careers had ended with the First World War. Late in the 1920 season, Leyland made his first-class debut for Yorkshire, having played several times in the second team that summer. He played once, against Essex, scoring ten runs in his only innings, but this was his sole appearance that year. He had never previously attended a County Championship game. The following year, Leyland played in five first-team matches, scoring 52 not out against Leicestershire, averaging just over 19 for the season. In the latter part of the 1922 season he played more regularly, replacing Norman Kilner in the team. Although Leyland's batting figures were unimpressive, the summary of Yorkshire's season in "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" stated that he "gave signs of promise as a forcing batsman and fielded very finely". His highest score in 14 matches was 29, but he was awarded his county cap, and critics within Yorkshire judged him to have great potential.
Established county cricketer.
Leyland played regularly in the 1923 season and reached 1,000 runs in first-class cricket, a total he exceeded in each of the seventeen seasons between 1923 and the outbreak of war in 1939. In 1923, he scored seven fifties and averaged 27.89; "Wisden" suggested that he would become a leading left-handed batsman and that "his future seems assured". In his history of Yorkshire County Cricket Club, Anthony Woodhouse states that Leyland gained valuable experience as part of a successful batting side. During this period, Yorkshire won the County Championship in four successive seasons from 1922 to 1925. A later review of Leyland's career in "Wisden" suggested that this team was one of Yorkshire's strongest, but sometimes became over-competitive and aggressive. The review stated that this environment "was a hard school for a young cricketer, but Leyland thrived on such discipline, and he has never lost his laugh."
By the beginning of the 1924 season, Leyland was recognised in "The Times" as one of the most promising young professional batsmen in England; the newspaper's cricket correspondent noted that Leyland "is fully expected, in Yorkshire, to develop into a first-rate left-handed batsman." He continued to improve that season, scoring 1,259 runs at 30.70. In August, he scored his first century in first-class cricket, hitting 133 not out in a drawn game against Lancashire; later in the month, he scored another century. Leyland further improved his record in 1925, hitting 1,572 runs at 40.30. "Wisden" commented: "Leyland still further increased the big reputation he had made in the previous summer and ought, if all goes well with him, to attain the highest distinction." By the end of the 1926 season, in which he scored 1,561 runs at 39.02 and hit five centuries, Leyland had established himself as one of the most reliable batsmen in the Yorkshire team.
Following the example of Wilfred Rhodes, several Yorkshire cricketers in the 1920s spent English winters coaching in India for the Maharaja of Patiala. Leyland coached in the winter of 1926–27, along with Arthur Dolphin, the Yorkshire wicketkeeper. That same winter, a Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) team toured India; although not chosen in the touring party, both Leyland and Dolphin played a handful of matches for the MCC. During the 1927 season Leyland scored 1,625 runs at 41.66, and, against Middlesex, scored his first double-century. "Wisden" suggested that he "was not so dependable as could have been desired", but batted in an entertaining fashion. In August, he was selected in a trial game to assess players who might represent England in Test matches—he played against the England team for a side named "The Rest"—and scored 102. In the winter of 1927–28, Leyland once more coached in India for the Maharajah of Patiala.
Shortly after returning from India, Leyland married Constance (Connie) Russell in Harrogate on 29 March 1928. In later years, Connie looked after the children of Herbert Sutcliffe during Yorkshire matches at Harrogate when their behaviour became too much for their own mother. Sutcliffe's daughter later recalled Connie as "very stern and cross", and the only person who could control her and her brother: "I was frightened to death."
Test match cricketer.
Test debut and selection for Australian tour.
Like Leyland, the Yorkshire bowler Roy Kilner coached in India during 1927–28. However, in doing so Kilner contracted a fever and died shortly after returning to England. With a weakened bowling attack, and affected by injuries and loss of form, Yorkshire pressed Leyland into service as an occasional bowler in the 1928 season. He had done little bowling for Yorkshire at this point; the team possessed two slow left-arm spinners in Kilner and Rhodes, leaving Leyland with little opportunity. Having never bowled 50 first-class overs in a previous season, nor taken more than four wickets, he bowled over 500 overs in 1928 and took 35 wickets at an average of 34.20. At this stage, the Yorkshire authorities thought that he might fully take on Kilner's bowling workload, or succeed Rhodes in the senior spinner's position.
Leyland also had his most effective season with the bat. He scored 1,783 runs at an average of 54.03, and scored another double century. At the end of the season, "Wisden" commented: " can play both the games—the dogged defence when a bad position must be saved and a fine forcing game when it is necessary to make runs quickly. In the ordinary way his preference is for attack and he is a delightful batsman to watch."
During June 1928, Leyland was selected for another Test trial, playing for "The Rest" against England; then in mid-July he played for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lord's Cricket Ground. At the end of July, the MCC named the team to tour Australia for the 1928–29 Ashes series. Leyland was included in the team; according to "The Times", it would have been difficult to leave him out and his presence lifted the fielding ability of the side. His selection was controversial in the south of England, and particularly in Kent, as he took the place that the veteran Kent batsman Frank Woolley was expected to fill. One Kent supporter wrote that Leyland was a "cross bat village-greener". Pelham Warner, a selector at the time, claimed that Leyland's superior fielding influenced the decision, but the cricket writer Alan Gibson suggests that the real choice was between Woolley and Phil Mead, two batsmen of similar age. In 1928, the West Indies toured England, playing their first Test matches. The team did not perform well, but the England selectors picked strong teams to provide practice for the players. Leyland was selected for the last of the three Test matches. Making his debut on 11 August 1928, he was dismissed for 0 by Herman Griffith in his only innings.
The MCC team which toured Australia was extremely strong in batting, and Leyland served as back-up to the main batsmen. The English batting line-up was settled for most of the series, leaving little opportunity for the back-ups; although Mead played in the first Test, he was subsequently left out to strengthen the bowling. Playing in other first-class matches on the tour, Leyland scored centuries against South Australia and Queensland. With England 4–0 ahead in the series, Chapman stood down from the final Test; although it is not clear why he did so, one possibility is that he wished to give as many members of the team as possible a chance to appear in the Tests. Alternatively, he may have felt that his batting form did not warrant a place in the team. Whatever the reason, Leyland took his place. England lost the match, but Leyland was successful. He scored 137, his first Test century, and 53 not out. The report in "Wisden" stated: " distinguished himself by two really delightful displays ... His exhibition of powerful, well-timed driving past cover-point will long be remembered by those who saw it." Overall, in first-class matches on the tour, he scored 614 runs at 43.85, but his bowling was ineffective on the hard pitches. Following his success in the last Test, Leyland was expected to become one of the leading English batsmen, and before the 1929 season he was named one of the "Wisden" Cricketers of the Year for his performances in the 1928 season.
Test regular.
Leyland scored 1,931 runs at 42.91 in 1929, and took 50 first-class wickets in the season at an average of 30.26. In the match against Oxford University he took eight wickets and against Glamorgan he took five wickets in an innings for the first time in his career. Against Lancashire, in a match which Rhodes missed with injury, Leyland took the role of the main spinner and returned figures of seven wickets for 52 runs. After watching this performance, the cricket writer Neville Cardus judged that Leyland had bowled well and with spirit on a wet pitch which favoured spin bowling, but that he lacked the accuracy and flight required in left-arm spin bowlers and exemplified by Rhodes. In another game, Cardus observed that Leyland seemed to be attempting left-handed googly bowling. Following success in a trial game, Leyland kept his place in the Test team, playing all five matches against South Africa that summer to score 294 runs at an average of 42.00. In the Second Test, played at Lord's, he scored 73 and 102.
Leyland did not play in the first two matches of the 1930 Ashes series; Woolley replaced him in the team but was unsuccessful and Leyland came in for the final three games. Leyland was little more effective, and his highest score in the series was 44; England lost 2–1. More successful for Yorkshire, he scored five centuries for the county, and hit his highest score of the season against Lancashire—the eventual County Champions for 1930. At the time, Yorkshire v Lancashire matches were mainly dour, slow-scoring affairs, but Leyland played freely to score 211 not out in around 270 minutes. He hit two sixes in one over, and, according to Cardus, played "great and beautiful cricket". Leyland's best bowling performance that year came for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lord's, when he took seven for 94 in the first innings and nine wickets in the match. In all first-class matches in 1930, he scored 2,175 runs at an average of 50.58, the first time he reached 2,000 runs in a season, and took 53 wickets at 27.92. During the 1930–31 English winter, he toured South Africa with an MCC team. Owing to the absence of a regular opening batsman, Leyland opened the batting on several occasions and performed consistently during the tour. In first-class matches, he scored 774 runs at 36.85 and took nine wickets; in the Test series, he scored 300 runs at 42.85, twice passing fifty. In the second game, he took three for 91, his best bowling performance in Test matches.
Bodyline tour.
Leyland struggled in the following two seasons. In 1931, he scored just one century as his aggregate and average—1,228 runs at 38.37—both fell, although his increasing habit of succeeding against the best opposition continued when he scored 96 for Yorkshire against the Rest of England. With the ball, he took 12 wickets at an average over 40. Despite his loss of form, Yorkshire won the County Championship for the first time since 1925; the team were also champions in the next two seasons and went on to win seven out of nine championships before the Second World War. Leyland played for the Players against the Gentlemen, but was not selected for any of the Tests in the three-match series between England and New Zealand. "Wisden" later suggested that he was "stale"; at the time, in reviewing candidates to tour Australia in 1932–33, the "Wisden" editor believed that "no reason exists why Leyland should not regain his best form".
At the beginning of the 1932 season, Leyland continued to struggle. Although he was chosen in two Test trial matches and scored 189 against Middlesex, he was left out of the England team for the only Test of the summer, and had little success in the first three months of the season. However, in August he made 1,013 runs at 84.14, scoring four centuries and two innings over 90. During this spell, Leyland shared a partnership of 149 runs in 55 minutes with Herbert Sutcliffe against Essex. That county had chosen two fast bowlers in an attempt to intimidate the Yorkshire batsmen. Ken Farnes and Morris Nichols bowled a succession of bouncers; Farnes attempted fast leg theory bowling, a tactic which developed into Bodyline during the MCC tour of Australia in 1932–33. Eventually, Sutcliffe began to hook the short ball and in six successive overs, he and Leyland added 102 runs, an unusually fast rate of scoring. Leyland faced little of the bowling, later remembering that he received only four deliveries in this period, hitting each for four. In total, he contributed only 45 runs to the partnership. Farnes was reduced to tears by the assault on his bowling, and these events possibly persuaded the MCC selectors to leave him out of the team for the 1932–33 tour. Leyland, on the other hand, was among the last names added to the touring party in mid-August. At the end of the season, he scored 105 against the Rest of England for Yorkshire, his team playing as County Champions. In total, he scored 1,980 runs at 52.10 and took 23 wickets at 20.86.
England won the 1932–33 Ashes series 4–1, but the cricket was overshadowed by controversy over the team's use of Bodyline tactics. Leyland was not particularly successful in statistical terms. However, assessing the tour in "Wisden", Sydney Southerton wrote that Leyland "fared on the whole extremely well ... he had batted finely in the Test matches at Adelaide and Brisbane". He scored 306 runs in the five Test matches at an average of 34.00; he began and ended the series with scores of 0, but played innings of 83 and 86 in the decisive third and fourth Test matches, with his team under pressure when he batted. Gibson points out that both of his ducks came when England were in dominant positions. In all first-class matches on the tour, Leyland scored 880 runs at 44.00, including two centuries against state teams. The former Australian batsmen Charlie Macartney suggested that, although "a useful player", Leyland was hindered by his defensive approach. Going against his naturally aggressive approach made him seem "awkward", and never allowed him to play at his best. Other Australian commentators had a more favourable opinion.
Peak years.
Returning from Australia, Leyland scored 2,317 first-class runs in the 1933 season, the highest seasonal aggregate of his career. Averaging 50.36, he scored seven centuries. With the ball, he took 37 wickets at 28.13. In a game against Leicestershire in August, he took ten wickets for 94 runs, the only time in his career he took ten wickets in a match. The West Indies team toured England that season, but Leyland played only in the first Test; he scored one run in his single innings. Leyland also scored over 2,000 first-class runs in 1934, at an average of 53.55. Playing all five Test matches of the series against the touring Australian team, he scored 478 runs at an average of 68.28. His three centuries were scored when England were in difficult situations. A "Wisden" review of his career written in 1943 stated: "In 1934 Leyland reached the height of his powers. Ripe in technique, rich in experience, like granite in battle, he was in this season England's greatest batsman." 
England lost the series 2–1. The Australians were heavily dependent on the bowling of Clarrie Grimmett and Bill O'Reilly. At the time, O'Reilly was regarded as the best bowler in the world, and among the greatest of all time, but Leyland began a spell of relative dominance over him. In the second Test, Leyland scored 109 and shared a partnership of 129 with Les Ames; in the next match, he hit 153 runs, sharing large partnerships with Patsy Hendren and Ames, and in the final Test, he played an innings of 110. However, the rest of the England batting was unreliable; reviewing the season, the "Wisden" editor Sydney Southerton wrote: "In nearly every match either Hendren, Leyland or Ames, instead of being able to go in and play a free, confident game, had to save or remedy a position seriously damaged by the quick fall of two or three wickets." In addition to his batting successes, Leyland was generally the best outfielder in the England team. He also scored three centuries for Yorkshire, another for the Rest of England against Lancashire, the Champion County, and 80 for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lord's. With the ball, he took 33 first-class wickets. He was given a benefit match against Nottinghamshire; his benefit eventually raised £3,648, at the time the third highest amount raised for a Yorkshire player.
During the winter of 1934–35, Leyland toured the West Indies with an MCC team which lost the four-Test series 2–1. The English batsmen were overwhelmed by the pace bowlers of the West Indies team, and some MCC players complained that Learie Constantine, Manny Martindale and Leslie Hylton intimidated the visiting batsmen with short-pitched bowling. Leyland played three Tests but scored only 36 runs in six innings. More successful in other first-class games, he scored 347 runs at 21.68 overall, and took 11 wickets. He scored 1,815 runs at an average of 38.61 in 1935 and took 32 wickets at 25.46. He played in four of the five Tests against South Africa—he missed the third with lumbago—to score 342 runs at 57.00. In the first and fourth Tests, he hit fifties, and in the final match scored 161 runs in 130 minutes, batting quickly throughout. However, England could not force a win, and having lost the second Test, were beaten 1–0 in the series.
After taking part in a tour of Jamaica by the Yorkshire team, on which he scored 115 and 75 in successive games, Leyland scored 1,790 runs at 45.89 in 1936. He hit seven centuries, including an innings of 263 runs against Essex in the season, the highest first-class score of his career. He played in two of the three Tests against India that season—he missed the second with injury—but only batted twice. In the first Test, he scored 60 runs against a strong bowling attack when England were in a difficult position. The home side won the series 2–0. During the season, Leyland was among the first players chosen to tour Australia with the MCC in the forthcoming winter.
The MCC team was captained by G. O. B. Allen who added Leyland to the team selection committee during the tour. The team won the first two Tests, but lost the next three to lose the series 3–2, and "Wisden" blamed a weakness in batting for the defeat. Leyland was one of the few batsmen excused: "Leyland, though very restrained, was one of the mainstays of the batting". Before the series, England were expected to struggle severely against the bowling of O'Reilly. According to Cardus, Leyland told O'Reilly before the first Test: "Ah can tell thi one thing now for certain ... Ah's got thee where Ah wants thi, Bill—and Ah thinks tha knows it." 
In the first Test, Leyland scored 126 after the team lost the first three wickets for 20 runs; many critics judged this to be his greatest innings. At this point, he had scored four centuries in seven Test innings against Australia. He played an effective defensive innings in the second innings, and another in the second Test, when he was criticised for slow scoring. Then in the third Test, on a pitch made exceptionally difficult for batsmen by rain, England could only score 76 for nine; Leyland scored 17 of those runs and according to "Wisden", "was the one real success for England ... never seemed in difficulties". In the second innings, he scored a century In total, in five Test matches, he scored 441 runs at an average of 55.12. Australian critics viewed Leyland as one of England's best batsmen, and gave him credit for England's strong showing early in the series. In all first-class games on the tour, he scored 902 runs at 50.11; he was unsuccessful in three games the team played in New Zealand on completion of the main tour.
Last years as a cricketer.
Leyland missed a substantial amount of cricket in 1937 with a broken finger, barely playing in July, and missing the Test series against New Zealand. He scored 1,306 runs at 36.27 and took 19 wickets. Injuries continued to trouble him in 1938. He scored 1,884 first class runs at 43.81, but a shoulder strain early in the season adversely affected his form. He was not selected for the first three Tests against Australia, not least as the England side contained several promising batsmen. However, he had his best season with the ball. A succession of hard, dry wickets gave fewer opportunities to orthodox spinners and Leyland took 63 wickets at 19.32. Early in the season, he took eight for 63 against Hampshire, the best figures of his career. Just as his batting form returned, and when he was likely to be recalled to the England side, Leyland broke his thumb in a match against Middlesex. However, he recovered in time to play in the final Test of the series. Australia's victory in the fourth Test had given the team a 1–0 lead. 
"Wisden" commented: "The inclusion once again of Leyland was a move which yielded splendid results." Coming in to bat at number three, Leyland shared a partnership of 382 with Len Hutton, at the time a record English Test partnership for any wicket; as of 2013, it remains England's highest partnership for the second wicket, and the highest for any wicket against Australia. As there was no time limit on the match, Leyland batted very cautiously and scored 187 in around six-and-a-half hours before he was run out. Hutton went on to score 364, at the time the highest score in Tests. England had batted deliberately slowly to frustrate the bowlers, and Cardus expressed his frustration to Leyland during an interval in play. Cardus wrote: "'And even you, Maurice,' I complained, in sorrow not anger, 'even you won't hit the ball and give us some cricket.' 'Hey, wait a minute, Mr Cardus,' expostulated Leyland, as though pained at my protest, 'wait a minute—tha must remember that Ah'm playing for me place in team. England went on to win the match and level the series. Leyland's innings was his highest in Tests, but this was his final match for England. In 41 Tests, he scored 2,764 runs at 46.06 and took six wickets.
In 1939, the last season before the Second World War, Leyland scored 1,238 runs at 39.93 and took 23 wickets. He served in the army during the war: first as a sergeant instructor, and was later commissioned as lieutenant. Between his army duties, he played cricket in the Bradford League, and played for various wartime teams, including ones representing the army. In 1945, he played some non-first-class games for teams representing Yorkshire and a first-class game for Yorkshire against Lancashire. Choosing to continue his career after the war to help the Yorkshire team become re-established, Leyland played a last full season in 1946 when he scored 632 runs at 21.06, with a highest score of 88, and took 16 wickets at 14.70; against Warwickshire, he took seven for 36. During August 1946, he announced his retirement, but in the following two seasons, he appeared in some end-of-season first-class games. He ended his first-class career in 1948 with 33,660 runs at 40.50 and 466 wickets at 29.31.
Later life.
After his retirement from the Yorkshire team, Leyland returned to play for Harrogate until 1950, when he became chief coach, along with Arthur Mitchell, at Yorkshire. Mitchell was a dour, serious man but the contrast with the cheerier Leyland made an effective partnership. Leyland also served as a representative of the paper manufacturers Thomas Owen. In 1949, he was among the first group of former professional cricketers to be awarded honorary membership of the MCC. He continued as a respected coach of Yorkshire until illness forced his retirement in 1963. Suffering from Parkinson's disease, he maintained some connections with Yorkshire cricket and always tried to attend matches played at Harrogate. In recognition of his achievements, the Harrogate grounds erected new gates which were named in his honour. Leyland died in a hospital at Knaresborough on 1 January 1967.
Style, technique and personality.
As a batsman, Leyland generally batted in the middle order or occasionally opened the batting. Early in his career, commentators suggested that his batting technique was faulty, even when he was statistically successful. His use of the cut shot was mistrusted by some Yorkshire critics, and they suspected that his preference for attacking play would be unsuccessful; he was a faster scorer and more aggressive batsman than most of his Yorkshire contemporaries. Cardus suggested that, instead, he was in the line of "humorous Yorkshiremen which the broad nature of his county produces from time to time as a contrast to and leavening of the generally dour lump. There was a twinkle in his eye and there was a twinkle in his bat, no matter how grimly and straight it may occasionally be obliged to defend a difficult situation in Yorkshire." The cricket writer E. W. Swanton observed that Leyland's bat was often not straight when he played his shots—contrary to orthodox technique—but the speed of his footwork and his ability to watch the ball closely made up for any lapses. Opposing bowlers suggested that the impression was an illusion and that his bat was straight when he hit the ball.
Although Leyland was not a stylish batsman, he was effective. Cardus described him as "a sturdy cricketer, not tall, but his sloping bottle-neck shoulders seemed to add inches to him and he had long arms of impressive thickness, veined with strength at the wrist; also he was broad in the beam, with a rubicund smile on his cheerful open countenance." He was a good driver of the ball, with a high backlift, and moved quickly and economically to reach the pitch of the ball. Cardus thought that his style of batting was representative of his character: "He put his nature into every stroke, and as soon as he had 'got bowling where he wanted it,' he didn't merely hit or drive it—he walloped it." At times, Leyland's desire to score quickly brought about his dismissal. However, when necessary, he defended strongly and used his pads as a second line of defence if he missed the ball with his bat.
Leyland was regarded as a better Test batsman than a county one. His first-class batting figures were not exceptional compared to other cricketers who played far fewer Test matches, but in Tests, his average is six runs an innings higher; against Australia, the strongest of England's opponents during his career, he averaged 56, a further increase of ten runs. Gibson suggests that he rose to the big occasions, and that he performed best against the toughest opponents. According to Leyland's obituary in "The Times", "He was essentially a man for the big occasion, a batsman at his best in a crisis, and his favourite game was a Roses match or an Australian Test. England's supporters often breathed a sigh of relief to see his burly figure purposefully striding to the wicket." The writer R. C. Robertson-Glasgow suggested that Leyland in a Test match was like the "four-squarers of ancient or romantic times. He was Horatius on the tottering bridge; Hector, who alone stood between Troy and destruction. He was born to rescue. But he is more dangerous than those who are stubborn or grim. He has something of D'Artagnan in him; there is a gaiety besides the simplicity and strength; seen in the slight list of the cap, and in a certain jauntiness and optimism of gait." 
Although he did not have to face top-class fast bowling in Test matches, he was successful against English fast bowlers such as Harold Larwood in county cricket, and he established his ascendancy over O'Reilly, the world's best bowler at the time. On one occasion, O'Reilly held his head in his hands when he saw Leyland come out to bat, and was heard to say: "Oh, it's that bloody Yorkshireman again!" In later years, O'Reilly vigorously denied that Leyland held the upper hand, responding to such suggestions by saying "You just check how many times I got him out!" The cricket historian David Frith points out that "the answer is nine times in 16 Tests, but with decreasing frequency. In their Test encounters Leyland made 1,412 runs at an average of 56." Robertson-Glasgow noted that Leyland was almost anonymous in good batting conditions under little pressure; he came to life in more difficult circumstances: "His element was foul weather. He would disappear into the haze of Bramall Lane, where a sterner sort of game was being played under the name of cricket, and entrench himself among the sawdust and smoke and off-breaks and appeals, and do his raw, tough work in silence."
Leyland was regarded by critics as a good fielder in almost any position. He bowled left-arm spin, but contrary to the orthodox practice for a left-arm spinner to use his fingers to spin the ball, usually bowled the ball from the back of his hand—the delivery known as the chinaman. He did not take bowling seriously, but enjoyed bowling. His bowling was effective at times, but other players were used in the main spinner's role for Yorkshire in preference to him, and he was generally used as back-up, for example when the other bowlers had failed to dismiss well-set batsmen. His "Wisden" obituary suggests that, had he played for another county, he might have developed into a world-class all-rounder. His lack of opportunity prompted him to experiment with wrist spin, and he later claimed that he originated the term "chinaman" to describe the delivery. "Wisden" suggests: "Whenever two batsmen were difficult to shift or something different was wanted someone in the Yorkshire team would say, 'Put on Maurice to bowl some of those Chinese things.' Roy Kilner explained, 'It's foreign stuff and you can't call it anything else. Another version was the Leyland believed that the particular delivery was only good enough "to get the Chinese out". However, there are several theories over how the delivery came to be named.
Leyland was noted as a humorist in his playing days; many stories are associated with him, although some are probably apocryphal. He told stories against himself. One story concerned his dismissal during a wartime match, in which he was out to a terrible delivery from a bowler who was badly out of practice. Leyland hit the ball in the air and was caught. He ruefully commented: "You know, I don't get much practice against that stuff". Another time, he described how he faced an over from O'Reilly, as related in his obituary in "The Cricketer": "'First he bowled me an off-break, then he bowled me a leg-break; then his googly, then a bumper, then one that went with his arm ...' 'But that's only five, Maurice. What about the last one?' 'Oh, that,' said Maurice deprecatingly. 'That was a straight 'un and it bowled me. Among his team-mates, Leyland was known as "Tonnip", or "Turnip", possibly a reference to his country upbringing. Robertson-Glasgow and Cardus wrote prolifically on Leyland; Gibson suggests that these pieces are among their best work. Leyland was popular with team-mates, opponents and spectators around the world. Swanton concluded his obituary of Leyland: "No more courageous or determined cricketer ever buckled on pads for England."

</doc>
<doc id="2860437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860437" title="George Lynn Cross">
George Lynn Cross

George Lynn Cross (May 12, 1905 – December 31, 1998) was a botanist, author, and the seventh and longest serving president of the University of Oklahoma from 1943 to 1968. Cross oversaw the expansion and construction of numerous university buildings and helped lead the college through the 1960s protest period.
Early life.
Cross was born in South Dakota and attended South Dakota State College, where he earned a master's degree in 1927. He earned his doctorate at the University of Chicago, where he was eventually offered a job as an associated professor at the University of Oklahoma.
Cross's academic specialty was botany, and George Lynn Cross Hall, which houses OU's department of botany and microbiology, was named in his honor and in tribute to this fact. While president, Cross prepared specimen slides that are still used in botany classes.
Presidency.
Cross's popularity quickly grew amongst the faculty and staff, and when the university president at the time stepped down, he was named interim president while the board of regents searched for a new candidate. They eventually realized no better candidate existed and he remained president for 24 years.
Cross oversaw the college through a period of skyrocketing enrollment following World War II as thousands of veterans attended under the GI Bill. He saw the construction of 37 new buildings and the donation by the U.S. Navy, in May 1946, of to the campus. Cross also oversaw the integration of the University of Oklahoma and the student protests of the 1960s.
Cross was known for his public speaking ability and quick wit. His most famous quote came at a budget meeting with state legislators. After a long presentation and 45 minute justification of the OU budget,a legislator asked him why the university needed more money. A frustrated Cross replied "I would like to build a University of which the football team could be proud."
David L. Boren, the university's current president, proclaimed that he wanted his time as president of the university to parallel that of Cross's.

</doc>
<doc id="2860441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860441" title="Great dodecahedron">
Great dodecahedron

In geometry, the great dodecahedron is a Kepler-Poinsot polyhedron, with Schläfli symbol {5,5/2} and Coxeter-Dynkin diagram of . It is one of four nonconvex regular polyhedra. It is composed of 12 pentagonal faces (six pairs of parallel pentagons), with five pentagons meeting at each vertex, intersecting each other making a pentagrammic path.
Related polyhedra.
It shares the same edge arrangement as the convex regular icosahedron.
If the "great dodecahedron" is considered as a properly intersected surface geometry, it has the same topology as a triakis icosahedron with concave pyramids rather than convex ones.
A truncation process applied to the great dodecahedron produces a series of nonconvex uniform polyhedra. Truncating edges down to points produces the dodecadodecahedron as a rectified great dodecahedron. The process completes as a birectification, reducing the original faces down to points, and producing the small stellated dodecahedron.

</doc>
<doc id="2860447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860447" title="Gonzaque Village">
Gonzaque Village

Gonzaque Village (formerly Hacienda Village), a public housing project located in Watts, Los Angeles, California, it's operated by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles. It was built in 1942 in 17.6 acres (71,200 m²) of flat land. Its 71 one-story buildings have 182 units housing 437 residents.
It is located at .
Emergency services.
Police service.
Los Angeles Police Department operates the nearby Southeast Community Police Station.
Education.
The following Los Angeles Unified School District schools that serve the complex include:

</doc>
<doc id="2860457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860457" title="Neural ensemble">
Neural ensemble

A neural ensemble is a population of nervous system cells (or cultured neurons) involved in a particular neural computation.
Background.
The concept of neural ensemble dates back to the work of Charles Sherrington who described the functioning of the CNS as the system of reflex arcs, each composed of interconnected excitatory and inhibitory neurons. In Sherrington's scheme, α-motoneurons are the final common path of a number of neural circuits of different complexity: motoneurons integrate a large number of inputs and send their final output to muscles.
Donald Hebb theoretically developed the concept of neural ensemble in his famous book "The Organization of Behavior" (1949). He defined "cell assembly" as "a diffuse structure comprising cells in the cortex and diencephalon, capable of acting briefly as a closed system, delivering facilitation to other such systems". Hebb suggested that, depending on functional requirements, individual brain cells could participate in different cell assemblies and be involved in multiple computations.
In the 1980s, Apostolos Georgopoulos and his colleagues Ron Kettner, Andrew Schwartz, and Kenneth Johnson formulated a population vector hypothesis to explain how populations of motor cortex neurons encode movement direction. This hypothesis was based on the observation that individual neurons tended to discharge more for movements in particular directions, the so-called "preferred directions" for individual neurons. In the population vector model, individual neurons 'vote' for their preferred directions using their firing rate. The final vote is calculated by vectorial summation of individual preferred directions weighted by neuronal rates. This model proved to be successful in description of motor-cortex encoding of reach direction, and it was also capable to predict new effects. For example, Georgopoulos' population vector accurately described mental rotations made by the monkeys that were trained to translate locations of visual stimuli into spatially shifted locations of reach targets.
Encoding.
Neuronal ensembles encode information in a way somewhat similar to the principle of Wikipedia operation - multiple edits by many participants. Neuroscientists have discovered that individual neurons are very noisy. For example, by examining the activity of only a single neuron in the visual cortex, it is very difficult to reconstruct the visual scene that the owner of the brain is looking at. Like a single Wikipedia participant, an individual neuron does not 'know' everything and is likely to make mistakes. This problem is solved by the brain having billions of neurons. Information processing by the brain is population processing, and it is also distributed - in many cases each neuron knows a little bit about everything, and the more neurons participate in a job, the more precise the information encoding. In the distributed processing scheme, individual neurons may exhibit neuronal noise, but the population as a whole averages this noise out.
An alternative to the ensemble hypothesis is the theory that there exist highly specialized neurons that serve as the mechanism of neuronal encoding. In the visual system, such cells are often referred to as grandmother cells because they would respond in very specific circumstances—such as when a person gazes at a photo of their grandmother. Neuroscientists have indeed found that some neurons provide better information than the others, and a population of such expert neurons has an improved signal to noise ratio. However, the basic principle of ensemble encoding holds: large neuronal populations do better than single neurons.
The emergence of specific neural assemblies is thought to provide the functional elements of brain activity that execute the basic operations of informational processing (see Fingelkurts An.A. and Fingelkurts Al.A., 2004; 2005).
Neuronal code or the 'language' that neuronal ensembles speak is very far from being understood. Currently, there are two main theories about neuronal code. The "rate encoding theory" states that individual neurons encode behaviorally significant parameters by their average firing rates, and the precise time of the occurrences of neuronal spikes is not important. The "temporal encoding theory", on the contrary, states that precise timing of neuronal spikes is an important encoding mechanism.
Neuronal oscillations that synchronize activity of the neurons in an ensemble appear to be an important encoding mechanism. For example, oscillations have been suggested to underlie visual feature binding (Gray, Singer and others). In additions, sleep stages and waking are associated with distinct oscillatory patterns.
Location and function.
Relatively simple neuronal ensembles operate in the spinal cord where they control basic automatisms such as monosynaptic tendon reflex and reciprocal innervation of muscles. These include both excitatory and inhibitory neurons. Central pattern generations that reside in the spinal cord are more complex ensembles for coordination of limb movements during locomotion. Neural ensembles of the higher brain structures such as the cerebral cortex, basal ganglia and cerebellum are not completely understood, despite the vast literature on the neuroanatomy of these regions.
Real-time decoding.
After the techniques of multielectrode recordings were introduced, the task of real-time decoding of information from large neuronal ensembles became feasible. If, as Georgopoulos showed, just a few primary motor neurons could accurately predict hand motion in two planes, reconstruction of the movement of an entire limb should be possible with enough simultaneous recordings. In parallel, with the introduction of an enormous Neuroscience boost from DARPA, several lab groups used millions of dollars to make brain-machine interfaces. Of these groups, two were successful in experiments showing that animals could control external interfaces with models based on their neural activity, and that once control was shifted from the hand to the brain-model, animals could learn to control it better. These two groups are led by John Donoghue and Miguel Nicolelis, and both are involved in towards human trials with their methods. 
John Donoghue formed the company Cyberkinetics to facilitate commercialization of brain-machine interfaces. They bought the Utah array from Richard Normann. Along with colleagues Hatsopoulos, Paninski, Fellows and Serruya, they first showed that neural ensembles could be used to control external interfaces by having a monkey control a cursor on a computer screen with its mind (2002). 
Miguel Nicolelis worked with John Chapin, Johan Wessberg, Mark Laubach, Jose Carmena, Mikhail Lebedev and other colleagues showed that activity of large neural ensembles can predict arm position. This work made possible creation of brain-machine interfaces - electronic devices that read arm movement intentions and translate them into movements of artificial actuators. Carmena et al. (2003) programmed the neural coding in a brain-machine interface allowed a monkey to control reaching and grasping movements by a robotic arm, and Lebedev et al. (2005) argued that brain networks reorganize to create a new representation of the robotic appendage in addition to the representation of the animal's own limbs.
In addition to the studies by Nicolelis and Donoghue, the groups of Andrew Schwartz and Richard Andersen are developing decoding algorithms that reconstruct behavioral parameters from neuronal ensemble activity. For example Andrew Schwartz uses population vector algorithms that he previously developed with Apostolos Georgopoulos.
Demonstrations of decoding of neuronal ensemble activity can be subdivided into two major classes: off-line decoding and on-line (real time) decoding. In the off-line decoding, investigators apply different algorithms to previously recorded data. Time considerations are usually not an issue in these studies: a sophisticated decoding algorithm can run for many hours on a computer cluster to reconstruct a 10-minute data piece. On-line algorithms decode (and, importantly, predict) behavioral parameters in real time. Moreover, the subject may receive a feedback about the results of decoding — the so-called closed loop mode as opposed to the open loop mode in which the subject does not receive any feedback.
Interestingly, as Hebb predicted, individual neurons in the population can contribute information about different parameters. For example, Miguel Nicolelis and colleagues reported that individual neurons simultaneously encoded arm position, velocity and hand gripping force when the monkeys performed reaching and grasping movements. Mikhail Lebedev, Steven Wise and their colleagues reported prefrontal cortex neurons that simultaneously encoded spatial locations that the monkeys attended to and those that they stored in short-term memory. Both attended and remembered locations could be decoded when these neurons were considered as population. 
To address the question of how many neurons are needed to obtain an accurate read-out from the population activity, Mark Laubach in Nicolelis lab used neuron-dropping analysis. In this analysis, he measured neuronal read-out quality as a function of the number of neurons in the population. Read-out quality increased with the number of neurons—initially very notably, but then substantially larger neuronal quantities were needed to improve the read-out.
References.
Books
Journal Articles

</doc>
<doc id="2860479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860479" title="Debian-Installer">
Debian-Installer

Debian-Installer is the installation program for Debian. It was originally written for the Debian 3.1 release (codename: “sarge”), although the first "release" version of a Linux distribution it was used with was Skolelinux Venus (1.0).
It is also one of two official installers available for Ubuntu; the other being called "Ubiquity" (itself based on parts of debian-installer) which was introduced in Ubuntu 6.06 (codename: "Dapper Drake").
It makes use of "cdebconf" (a reimplementation of debconf in C) to perform configuration at install time.
Originally, it only supported text-mode and ncurses. A graphical front-end (using GTK+-DirectFB) was first introduced in Debian 4.0 (codename: “etch”). Since Debian 6.0 (codename: “Squeeze”), it uses Xorg instead of DirectFB.

</doc>
<doc id="2860485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860485" title="Marianne (disambiguation)">
Marianne (disambiguation)

Marianne is the personification of Liberty and Reason that is a national emblem of France.
Marianne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860487" title="Mann Theatres">
Mann Theatres

Mann Theatres was a movie theater chain that predominantly operated in the western United States with a heavy concentration of theaters in southern California. Its motto was "Where Hollywood goes to the movies". The company ceased operation on December 27, 2011, with the closing of its last property, the Westlake Village Theaters.
It was named after Ted Mann, the former owner of the Mann's Theatre chain (and husband of Rhonda Fleming). Mann purchased the theatres of National General, which included the old Fox Theatres chain. Among the theatres was Grauman's Chinese Theatre, which was renamed Mann's Chinese Theatre. At one time, Mann operated many of the prestigious single-screen theaters in the Los Angeles area, i.e. The Fox Village, the Bruin, the National, and the Grauman's Chinese.
In 1986, Mann Theatres was acquired by Gulf & Western, who brought in Warner Communications as a partner in its theatres the next year. In 1997, Mann was sold to WestStar, a company backed by the private equity firm Warburg Pincus. In 2000, Mann went bankrupt and was acquired by its former owners, Warner Bros. and Paramount Pictures.
Mann was also once a dominant cinematic chain in Colorado and the Denver area, but were bought out over a period beginning in 2000 by Colorado Cinemas, a newly founded theater chain that took over and operated several Mann Theatre locations in Denver. Carmike Cinemas bought and took over the Mann Theatre locations outside of the Denver area.
On October 28, 2008, Mann Chinese 6 Theatre was the first 3-D-ready commercial cinema to unveil the installation of Iosono technology featuring 380 speakers.
On April 3, 2009, this same theater was among the first to present motion-enhanced theatrical films, now featuring 30 D-BOX motion controlled seats.
There is also a Mann Theatres chain in Minnesota with 13 theatres and 86 screens that was founded in 1935, around the same time that Ted Mann was getting into the business in St. Paul. However, that chain was started by Marvin Mann, who was Ted Mann's brother.

</doc>
<doc id="2860490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860490" title="Michel Cluizel">
Michel Cluizel

Michel Cluizel has been a manufacturer of chocolate in the French town of Damville in Normandy since 1948. 
History.
The company began when Michel Cluizel's parents March and Marcelle Cluizel expanded their pastry business into making chocolate from their own family kitchen. Later in 1948, Michel became an apprentice in his parent's business.
Their first export order came in 1981 as they dispatched products to the USA and they opened their first shop in Paris in 1987.
The company has 200 employees, including the four children of the owner and name sake of the company. Michel Cluizel owns a store on Rue Saint-Honoré in Paris. In August 2004, the company opened a subsidiary in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2860494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860494" title="The Parsifal Mosaic">
The Parsifal Mosaic

The Parsifal Mosaic is a spy fiction novel by Robert Ludlum published in 1982.
Plot summary.
Michael Havelock, (an anglicized version of Michal Havlíček), is an intelligence officer working for the US State Departments black operation division "Consular Ops". At the beginning of the novel he believes he has just witnessed the execution of his partner and the love of his life, Jenna Karas (anglicized version of Jana Karasova) along an isolated stretch of the Costa Brava. Jenna had been marked for execution because she had been proved to be a KGB double agent.
He immediately leaves the intelligence world, something he had been considering doing for some time and goes sightseeing in areas he had previously visited. In Athens, Pyotr Rostov, a senior director of the KGB forces a meeting with Havelock. Rostov denies that Karas is an agent of theirs. Later, in Rome, Havelock sees Jenna alive at a train station. She flees him, frightened, and he pursues her.
He makes contact with a former source at the US Consulate called Colonel Baylor, and begins his search for Jenna throughout several countries. Meanwhile, strategists for Consular Operations in the US government decide that he is a paranoid schizophrenic and must be terminated, lest he compromise entire networks across Europe. All the evidence available to them indicates that Karas was a double agent, and was successfully terminated on the Costa Brava. So one of them, "Red" Ogivile sets up an ambush on the Palatine hill in Rome with the intention of taking Michael in. However, the two mercenaries he hired are taken out by Michael, the gas grenade he uses only affects him when Michael lashes out, and after being convinced of Havelock's innocence, he ends up taking an accidental bullet from Colonel Baylor who was sent to kill Havelock. 
Back in the United States, however, the US government has a problem of its own: Anton Matthias, Secretary of State, acknowledged by the entire world as a genius and trusted with powers far beyond those his office allow him, has gone completely insane. Before anybody realized that he was insane, he negotiated treaties with parties he believed to be representing the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and the People's Republic of China, each agreeing to a nuclear strike against the third party, but in fact with a man who identified himself as Parsifal. Parsifal demands a huge ransom to keep the documents from being released, thereby triggering a nuclear war. Once the ransom is paid, however, he does not touch it, having confirmed how desperate Washington is. Havelock, who as a child had been one of the few survivors of the massacre at Lidice, has a special bond with Matthias, a fellow Czech who had advised him in graduate school. Somehow Matthias's insanity is linked to the order to terminate Jenna Karas.
For her part, Karas has been told that "Michael" is a Russian spy and that he is trying to kill "her". Consequently, she is not especially eager to meet him.
When Michael finally traces Jenna to an isolated farm in Pennsylvania, they realize that they were both deceived and that each had been told that the other was an enemy. They then work together with the President of the United States, Charles Berquist, and several trusted advisors to find Parsifal and stop him. 
They are opposed by Arthur Pierce, a brilliant and murderous Soviet mole highly placed in the State Department. Pierce has ordered the murders of the strategists of Consular Operations ( two of them are crushed by a bulldozer in their car and driven off a cliff and another is shot), and then a string of successive killings - all in his own quest to gain evidence of Matthias's insanity. Pierce is working not for the regular KGB, but the VKR (Voennaya Kontra Razvedka), a fanatical branch of Russian intelligence identified as an offshoot of the OGPU. He is also, for that matter, a "paminyatchik" - an agent under deep cover, who has lived in the United States since infancy. For much of the novel, Pierce's true loyalties lie undiscovered. One of Havelock's allies, Undersecretary of State Emory Bradford, realizes that Pierce works for the VKR, but he is murdered by the ever-alert Pierce before he can warn anyone else. Pierce also solicits the murder of Rostov, who loathes the VKR and has tried to help Havelock.
When Michael finally finds Parsifal, a friend of Anton and a Paminyatchik who is less fanatical than Arthur Pierce, he finds out that the documents were not produced to provoke nuclear war, but rather to demonstrate that no one man could be trusted with vast amounts of power. Pierce, however, has had his operatives murder Michael's bodyguards and breaks into Parsifal's house just as he agree's to burn the documents. However hearing that Rostov has been murdered, Parsifal decides to sacrifice himself by using his body to block Pierce's gun allowing Michael and Jenna time to get out. Michael and Jenna then kill Pierce's operatives by stabbing them and Michael then flanks Pierce and guns him down. They conclude that the documentary evidence of Matthias's insanity is best destroyed. Havelock tells Berquist of this; he is informed, in turn, that Matthias has just died. Finally safe, he and Jenna move to New England, where Havelock accepts an academic position.
Movie Rumors.
Ron Howard has been attached by Universal to direct the film adaption of the Parsifal Mosaic, according to Variety.
Director Zhang Yimou (famed director of HERO, HOUSE OF FLYING DAGGERS, FLOWERS OF WAR) is in talks to direct the adaptation to this Bestseller book

</doc>
<doc id="2860508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860508" title="MOTSS">
MOTSS


</doc>
<doc id="2860513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860513" title="Giralda">
Giralda

The Giralda ( ; ) is a former minaret that was converted to a bell tower for the Cathedral of Seville in Seville, which was registered in 1987 as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO along with the Alcazar and the General Archive of the Indies. The tower is 104.1 m in height and it was one of the most important symbols in the medieval city. 
The tower was begun under the architect Ahmad Ben Baso in 1184. After Ben Baso's death, other architects continued work on the tower. The mathematician and astronomer Jabir ibn Aflah (or Geber) is also often credited with the tower's design. The tower was completed March 10, 1198 with the installation of copper spheres on the tower's top. The Almohads built similar towers in what are now Spain and Morocco during this period. The tower of the Koutoubia Mosque in Marrakesh served as a model for the Giralda and its sister, the Hassan Tower in Rabat. 
The tower's first two-thirds is a former minaret from the Almohad period of Seville, the upper third Spanish Renaissance architecture. After Seville was taken by the Christians (1248) in the Reconquista, the city's mosque was converted into a church. This structure was badly damaged in a 1356 earthquake, and by 1401 the city began building the current cathedral, one of the largest churches in the world and an outstanding example of the Gothic and Baroque architectural styles. The tower survived the earthquake, but the copper spheres that originally topped the tower fell during a 1365 earthquake, and the spheres were replaced with a cross and bell. The new cathedral incorporated the tower as a bell tower and eventually built it higher during the Renaissance under architect Hernán Ruiz the Younger, who was commissioned to work on the tower in 1568. This newer section of the tower contains a large inscription of Seville's motto, NO8DO, meaning " has not abandoned me." Alfonso X of Castile gave the motto to the city when it continued to support his rule during an insurrection. Covering the top of the tower is the "Lily section" which surrounds the enclosure with the bell. The statue stands 4 m (13 feet) in height – 7 m (23 ft) with the pedestal – and sit on top of the tower from its installation in 1568.
Buildings inspired by the Giralda.
Many towers have borrowed from the Giralda's design throughout history. Several church towers in the province of Seville also bear a resemblance to the tower, and may have been inspired by the Giralda. These towers, most notably those in Lebrija and Carmona, are popularly known as "Giraldillas".
Numerous replicas of the Giralda have been built in the United States, mostly between 1890 and 1930: 
It also featured in the 2013 video game "SimCity" as a landmark.
The building has also inspired buildings outside the US and Spain, such as the clock tower at the University of Puerto Rico's Río Piedras campus.

</doc>
<doc id="2860514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860514" title="Mendicino">
Mendicino

Mendicino is a city and "comune" in the province of Cosenza, Calabria, in Southern Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2860516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860516" title="MOTOS">
MOTOS


</doc>
<doc id="2860521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860521" title="Rosebud Indian Reservation">
Rosebud Indian Reservation

The Rosebud Indian Reservation (RIR) is an Indian reservation in South Dakota, United States. It is the home of the federally recognized "Sicangu Oyate" (the Upper Brulé Sioux Nation) - also known as "Sicangu Lakota", and the Rosebud Sioux Tribe (RST), a branch of the Lakota people. The Lakota name "Sicangu Oyate" translates into English as "Burnt Thigh Nation"; the French term "Brulé Sioux" is also used.
The Rosebud Indian Reservation was established in 1889 by the United States' partition of the Great Sioux Reservation. Created in 1868 by the Treaty of Fort Laramie, the Great Sioux Reservation originally covered all of West River, South Dakota (the area west of the Missouri River), as well as part of northern Nebraska and eastern Montana. The reservation includes all of Todd County, South Dakota and communities and lands in the four adjacent counties, which had at one time been entirely part of the reservation.
Geography and population.
The RIR is located in south central South Dakota, and presently includes within its recognized border all of Todd County, an unincorporated county of South Dakota. However, the Oyate also has communities and extensive lands and populations in the four adjacent counties, which were once within the Rosebud Sioux Tribe (RST) boundaries: Tripp, Lyman, Mellette, and Gregory Counties, all in South Dakota. Mellette County, especially, has extensive off-reservation trust land, comprising 33.35 percent of its land area, where 40.23 percent of the population lives.
The total land area of the reservation and its trust lands is 1,970.362 sq mi (5,103.214 km²) with a population of 10,469 in the 2000 census. The main reservation (Todd County) has a land area of 1,388.124 sq mi (3,595.225 km²) and a population of 9,050. The RIR is bounded on the south by Cherry County, Nebraska, on the west by the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, on the north by the White River, and originally, on the east by the Missouri River.
The Oyate capital is the unincorporated town of Rosebud, established when the Spotted Tail Indian Agency (named after the 19th-century war chief, whose Lakota name was "Sinte Gleska") was moved from northwestern Nebraska to the banks of Rosebud Creek near its confluence with the Little White River. The largest town on the reservation is Mission, located at the intersections of US Highways 18 and 83. Mission's near neighbor of Antelope is one of the many tribal band communities established in the late 1870s and growing since then. Other major towns in the reservation are Saint Francis, located southwest of Rosebud and the home of Saint Francis Indian School, a private Catholic institution first established as a mission school. Saint Francis, with a current population of about 2000, is the largest incorporated town in South Dakota without a state highway for access.
Located on the Great Plains, just north of the Nebraska Sandhills, Rosebud Indian Reservation has large areas of Ponderosa Pine forest scattered in its grasslands. Deep valleys are defined by steep hills and ravines, often with lakes dotting the deeper valleys.
Economy and services.
The RST owns and operates Rosebud Casino, located on U.S. Route 83 just north of the Nebraska border. Nearby is a fuel plaza, featuring truck parking and a convenience store. Power for the casino is furnished in part by one of the nation's first tribally owned electricity-generating wind turbines. The tribe allows alcohol sales on the reservation, which enables it to keep the sales taxes and other revenues generated, as well as to police and regulate its use. A new residential community, Sicangu Village, was recently built along Highway 83 near the casino and the state line.
The RST population is estimated at 25,000 (2005). It is served by the Oyate administration and agencies, as well as the BIA Rosebud Agency, Todd County School District, Saint Francis Indian School, the Rosebud Indian Health Service Hospital, and Sinte Gleska University. The tribal university is named after the 19th-century Sioux war chief and statesman, whose name in English was Spotted Tail.
General information.
Government.
Under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, the federally recognized Rosebud Sioux Tribe (RST) re-established self-government, after adopting a constitution and bylaws, to take back many responsibilities for internal management from the BIA. It followed the model of elected government: president, vice-president, and representative council, adopted by many Native American nations. At the time and since then, many tribal members opposed the elected government, preferring their traditional form of clan chiefs selected for life, contingent on approval by women elders, and a tribal council that operated by consensus .
The elders of both men and women have continued to have influence within the nation, particularly among those who have followed more traditional lives. At times the political factions have developed and continued along ethnic and cultural lines, with full-blood Sioux following traditional ways, and others, sometimes mixed-blood or having had more urban or European-American experiences, supporting the elected government.
The short two-year terms of office can make it difficult for elected officials to carry out projects over the long term. In addition, BIA officials and police retain roles on the reservations, which the historian Akim Reinhardt calls a form of "indirect colonialism".
Black Hills.
In "United States v. Sioux Nation of Indians", the peoples of the Rosebud Sioux Reservation joined the Oglala Lakota and other Sioux nations in suing the federal government in a land claim for its taking of the Black Hills. In 1980 the case was heard by the United States Supreme Court, which agreed with the nations that the US had acted illegally in 1877. The US government offered financial compensation, which the Sioux have refused. They still demand the return of the land to their nation. The compensation fund is earning interest and has increased in value.
Communities.
The Rosebud Sioux Reservation has 20 communities represented on its tribal council:

</doc>
<doc id="2860526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860526" title="Kenneth Gentry">
Kenneth Gentry

Kenneth L. Gentry, Jr. (3 May 1950) is a Reformed theologian, and an ordained minister in the Reformed Presbyterian Church General Assembly. He is particularly known for his support for and publication on the topics of orthodox preterism and postmillennialism in Christian eschatology, as well as for theonomy and six day creation. He holds that each of these theological distinctives are logical and theological extensions of his foundational theology, which is Calvinistic and Reformed.
Biography.
Gentry was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He is married (since July 1971) and has three grown children.
He received his B.A. in Biblical Studies from Tennessee Temple University (1973, cum laude). After graduating he enrolled at Grace Theological Seminary in Winona Lake, Indiana. After two years at Grace Seminary (1973–1975) he left dispensationalism, having become convinced of a covenant and Reformed theology. He transferred to Reformed Theological Seminary in Jackson, Mississippi (1975–1977). Upon completing studies at Reformed Theological Seminary he was awarded the M.Div. in 1977. After several years of pastoral ministry, he earned a Th.M. (1986) and a Th.D. (1987, magna cum laude) from Whitefield Theological Seminary, both in the field of New Testament.
While at Reformed Theological Seminary he studied under Greg L. Bahnsen, a leading presuppositional apologist. Though Gentry initially resisted the distinctive ethical and eschatological views of Bahnsen, he was eventually persuaded of both theonomic ethics and postmillennial eschatology and became a staunch co-defender of them with Bahnsen. Over the years he developed a close friendship with Bahnsen, often lecturing with him in conferences, co-writing a book with him ("House Divided: The Break-up of Dispensational Theology"), eventually joining the staff of Bahnsen's Southern California Center for Christian Studies, and finally contributing to the festschrift in honor of Bahnsen, titled: "The Standard Bearer."
Gentry is the Executive Director of GoodBirth Ministries, a non-profit religious educational ministry, "committed to sponsoring, subsidizing, and advancing serious Christian scholarship and education" (GoodBirth website: www.GoodBirthMinistries.com). He currently pastors Living Hope Fellowship in Greer, S.C., an affiliate member of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, General Assembly (church website: www.LivingHopeSC.com).
Writings.
Gentry is perhaps best known for his book "Before Jerusalem Fell", which argues that the Book of Revelation was written before the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 AD. He holds that many of the dramatic events in Revelation correspond to the persecution of Christians under the Roman imperium as well as to the Jewish War against Rome which resulted in the destruction of Jewish temple. This book is the published version of his doctoral dissertation in 1986 under the title "The Dating of the Book of Revelation: An Exegetical, Theological and Historical Argument for a Pre-A.D. 70 Composition."
Revelation commentary.
Gentry is currently working on an academic commentary on Revelation tentatively titled: "The Divorce of Israel: A Redemptive-Historical Interpretation". According to preliminary studies he has released ("The Wrath of God and Israel", Fountain Inn, SC: 2007), he will be presenting evidence that the harlot city "Babylon" () is a metaphor for 1st century Jerusalem, and that the book's author John is following the pattern of the Old Testament prophets in denouncing Jerusalem's unfaithfulness by such images (see especially and ).
Gentry holds that the theme of Revelation is Christ's judgment coming against those who pierced him (), and the "slain Lamb" (; etc.) is wreaking vengeance upon 1st-century Jerusalem in order for God to divorce his unfaithful wife so that he might take a new bride, the Church (Rev. 21-22). Thus, Revelation dramatizes the transition from the old covenant, Temple-based, Judaic economy to the New Covenant, spiritual economy that includes all ethnicities, not just Jews (compare supersessionism).
According to his research updates, Gentry sees strong similarities between Revelation and the Epistle to the Hebrews. Both works seek to demonstrate Christianity's superiority to Judaism by showing New Covenant Christianity supplanting Old Covenant Judaism (Heb. 8:13; Rev. 2:9; 3:9; 11:1-2). He notes that both documents even end up pointing the reader to the New Jerusalem from heaven (Heb.12:22; Rev. 21:2), which represents Christianity. He also draws parallels in thought between the Gospel of Matthew and Revelation. He sees evidence for this in Matthew's strong imagery regarding old covenant Judaism's demise in the rise of Christianity (Matt. 8:10-12; 21:33-46; 22:1-13; 23:29-38).

</doc>
<doc id="2860528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860528" title="Pentagrammic prism">
Pentagrammic prism

In geometry, the pentagrammic prism is one in an infinite set of nonconvex prisms formed by square sides and two regular star polygon caps, in this case two pentagrams.
This polyhedron is identified with the indexed name U78 as a uniform polyhedron.
It is a special case of a right prism with a pentagram as base, which in general has rectangular non-base faces.
Note that the pentagram face has an ambiguous interior because it is self-intersecting. The central pentagon region can be considered interior or exterior depending on how interior is defined. One definition of interior is the set of points that have a ray that crosses the boundary an odd number of times to escape the perimeter.
In either case, it is best to show the pentagram boundary line to distinguish it from a concave decagon.

</doc>
<doc id="2860538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860538" title="Aberfeldy, Victoria">
Aberfeldy, Victoria

Aberfeldy is a small town in Victoria, Australia on Mount Lookout, northeast of Lake Thomson, east of Melbourne."
The area was settled in 1871 following the discovery of gold.
The first Post Office opened on 1 January 1872 but later closed in 1967.
The town was surveyed and proclaimed in 1885. It was initially known as Mount Lookout but was eventually renamed after the Scottish town of Aberfeldy. At its peak, the township had a population of around 500. After the gold rush the town was used for sheep and cattle grazing and for the production of potatoes and other crops.
Following the First World War, the population diminished although the town managed to survive. The town hotel was burned down in 1938 and the Black Friday bush-fires of 1939 destroyed many of the buildings in the town. A road was built to Matlock by 1950 but it was not maintained properly and fell to ruin. 
The town was home to Kitty Cane, a former dancer and mining investor who owned a successful shanty on Walhall-Wood's Point Road. When Cane died, her loyal customers and the local miners decided to carry her coffin to the Aberfeldy cemetery. Since Cane was an unusually large woman and because the miners were intoxicated, the coffin never made it to the cemetery and instead the miners buried her alongside the road. When travelling from The Thomson Dam to Aberfeldy, Kitty Cane's grave is about after the Cast Iron Point lookout and on the left hand side of the road. 
Today there are only a few permanent residents although land was released for public sale in 1999. Remains of former buildings are still visible.

</doc>
<doc id="2860539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860539" title="Indian Wells (Kern County, California)">
Indian Wells (Kern County, California)

An Indian Wells California Historical Landmark was erected near the Indian Wells Lodge, 4.9 miles north of Freeman Junction on Highway 14 where William L. Manly found water after his group left Death Valley. 
This marker was placed by California Centennials Commission in cooperation with Kern County Historical Society and dedicated on July 9, 1950.
The inscription on the plaque reads: 
"Indian water hole on Joseph R. Walker trail of 1834 where Manly-Jayhawker parties of 1849 found their first water after five days of travel from Argus Range. During 1860's was site of stage and freight station from Los Angeles to Coso and Cerro Gordo mines."
This site is California Historical Landmark #457.

</doc>
<doc id="2860541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860541" title="Kenna, New Mexico">
Kenna, New Mexico

Kenna is a small unincorporated community in Roosevelt County, New Mexico, United States. It is located on U.S. Route 70, southwest of Portales. The settlement was originally known as Urton, probably named for two brothers who came to the region from the state of Missouri in 1884. A contractor by the name of Kenna camped in Urton during the construction of a roadbed for the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Kenna's camp served as a stopping place for stagecoachs to exchange mail as well as passengers.
In 1899, when the railroad was completed, the name Kenna remained for the camp. Established first as Urton in 1902 by the opening of a post office, the name was changed back to Kenna in 1906. E.D. Kenna, the vice president of the railroad, may have contributed to the final choice of a name.
Kenna was one of the largest cattle shipping points in the state by 1909. At the peak of its development, the town could boast a bank, two hotels, several stores, a post office, as well as several saloons. By 1912, many homesteaders relinquished their claims due to the drought, and Kenna dropped both in size and importance.

</doc>
<doc id="2860543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860543" title="List of New South Wales cricket players">
List of New South Wales cricket players

→
This is a list of cricketers who have played for New South Wales.
"Players are listed in alphabetical order."

</doc>
<doc id="2860546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860546" title="Walk into Light">
Walk into Light

Walk into Light (1983) is the debut album released by
Jethro Tull frontman
Ian Anderson. (The album "A" was originally intended to be released as an Ian Anderson album, but instead was released as a Jethro Tull album). In many ways Walk into Light is a two – hander, with Anderson working closely with then keyboard player in Jethro Tull, Peter-John Vettese.

</doc>
<doc id="2860549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860549" title="Angelos Sikelianos">
Angelos Sikelianos

Angelos Sikelianos (; 28 March 1884 – 19 June 1951) was a Greek lyric poet and playwright. He wrote on national history, religious symbolism, and universal harmony in poems such as "The Light-Shadowed", "Prologue to Life", "Mother of God", and "Delphic Utterance". His plays include "Sibylla", "Daedalus in Crete", "Christ in Rome", "The Death of Digenis", and "Asklepius". He was the first twentieth-century Greek poet being candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature
Biography.
Sikelianos was born in Lefkada where he spent his childhood. In 1900 he entered the Law School of Athens but did not graduate.
The next years he travelled extensively and devoted himself to poetry. In 1907, he married American born Eva Palmer. They married in America and moved to Athens in 1908. During that period, Sikelianos came in contact with Greek intellectuals, and in 1909 he published his first collection of poems, "Alafroískïotos" ("The Light-Shadowed"), which had an immediate impact and was recognized by critics as an important work.
He also befriended fellow writer Nikos Kazantzakis, and in 1914 they spent forty days on Mount Athos, visiting most of the monasteries there and living the life of ascetics. The following year they embarked on a pilgrimage through Greece. The two writers were kindred spirits, but also very different in their respective views on life. Sikelianos was a man of the world, full of optimism, and with a steadfast faith in his abilities as a writer. Kazantzakis was the taciturn and reclusive counterpart who was doubt-ridden, and had, as he himself admitted, a tendency to focus on the skull behind the face. Together, however, they shared the mutual concern of attempting to refine and elevate the human spirit through artistic pursuits.
In May 1927, with the support of his wife, Eva Palmer-Sikelianos, Sikelianos held the Delphic Festival as part of his general effort towards the revival of the "Delphic Idea". Sikelianos believed that the principles which had shaped the classic civilisation, if reexamined, could offer spiritual independence and serve as a means of communication among people. The event consisted of Olympic contests, a concert of Byzantine music, an exhibition of folk art as well as a performance of "Prometheus Bound". It became very successful and despite lack of state assistance, it was repeated the following year. The revival was then permanently abandoned due to the excessive costs of organizing it. In honour of the memory of Angelos and Eva Sikelianos, the European Cultural Centre of Delphi bought and restored their house in Delphi, which is today the Museum of Delphic Festivals.
Eva Palmer left for the United States, and Sikelianos married Anna Karamani.
During the German occupation, he became a source of inspiration to the Greek people, especially through his speech and poem that he recited at the funeral of the poet Kostis Palamas. It was he who composed the letter which was spearheaded by Archbishop Damaskinos to save the lives of Greek Jews by appealing directly to the Germans. The letter was signed by many prominent Greek citizens in defense of the Jews who were being persecuted. There is no similar document of protest against Nazi occupiers during World War II that has come to light in any other European country.
In 1949, he was a Nobel Prize for Literature candidate.
He died accidentally in Athens from inadvertently drinking Lysol after having requested Nujol (a medicine) in 1951. He lingered for five days and died on June 19 of the same year.
Sikelianos had his cottage at Salamis Island across from the Phaneromene monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="2860554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860554" title="Natchez High School">
Natchez High School

Natchez High School is a public school in Natchez, Mississippi (USA). It is part of the Natchez-Adams School District and serves students in grades nine through twelve.
In 2005, it had 1358 students and 73 teachers. 88% of the students were African-American and the remainder were white.
Demographics.
There were a total of 1169 students enrolled in Natchez High during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the school was 52% female and 48% male. The racial makeup of the school was 90.4% black, 9.3% white, and 0.3% Hispanic.

</doc>
<doc id="2860555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860555" title="Gamilaraay">
Gamilaraay

The Kamilaroi or "Gamilaroi" are an Indigenous Australian Koori people who are from the area which extended from around Singleton in the Hunter Valley through to the Warrumbungle Mountains in the west and up through the present-day centres of Quirindi, Tamworth, Narrabri, Walgett, Moree, Lightning Ridge and Mungindi in New South Wales, to Nindigully in south west Queensland. The Kamilaroi is one of the four largest indigenous nations in Australia. The Kamilaroi language is classified in the Pama–Nyungan family of Australian languages. The Kamilaroi Highway is named after them, Sydney Ferries Limited's vehicular ferry "Kamilaroi" (1901–1933) was also named after them and a variety of Durum wheat widely grown in their territory today is named after the Kamilaroi.
History.
The Kamilaroi were hunters and gatherers with a band-level social organization. Important vegetable foods were yams and other roots, as well as a sterculia grain, which was made into a bread. Insect larvae, frogs, and eggs of several different animals were also gathered. Various birds, kangaroos, emus, iguanas, opossums, echidnas, and bandicoots were among the important animals hunted. Dingo pups were regarded as a delicacy. Fish were also consumed, as were crayfish, mussels, and shrimp. Men typically hunted, cleaned, and prepared the game for cooking. Women did the actual cooking, in addition to fishing and gathering. Individual Kamilaroi did not eat animals that were their totems.
The Kamilaroi or "Gomilaroi" from the word Kamil or Kumil meaning main soul, are a large nation of Aborigines consisting of many tribes. The Kamilaroi are the second largest Aboriginal nation on the eastern side of Australia, and the language is known as Gamilaraay. The nation was made up of many smaller family groups who had their own parcels of land to sustain them. One of the great Kings of this tribe was ‘Red Chief’ who is buried near Gunnedah. The last link with tribal law and custom in Mungindi would be the forbear of the present Cubby family, who was the last known King in the tribe. The Kamilaroi were regarded as fierce warriors and there is ample evidence of inter tribal warfare. The Northern Kamilaroi people have a strong cultural connection with the Bigambul People and the tribes met regularly for joint ceremonies at Boobera Lagoon near the present day town of Goondiwindi.
Dreaming.
Kamilaroi tradition includes Baiame, the ancestor or patron god. The Baiame story tells how Baiame came down from the sky to the land, and created rivers, mountains, and forests. He then gave the people their laws of life, traditions, songs, and culture. He also created the first initiation site. This is known as a bora; a place where boys were initiated into manhood. When he had finished, he returned to the sky, and people called him the Sky Hero or All Father or Sky Father. He is said to be married to Birrahgnooloo (Birran-gnulu), who is often identified as an emu, and with whom he has a son Daramulum (Dharramalan). In other stories Daramulum is said to be brother to Baiame. It was forbidden to mention or talk about the name of Baiame publicly. Women were not allowed to see drawings of Baiame nor approach Baiame sites, which are often male initiation sites (boras). In rock paintings Baiame is often depicted as a human figure with a large head-dress or hairstyle, with lines of footsteps nearby. He is always painted in front view; Daramulum is drawn in profile. Baiame is often shown with internal decorations such as waistbands, vertical lines running down the body, bands and dots.
Alternative Spellings.
Various alternative spellings exist for Kamilaroi, such as Gomeroi, Gamilaroi, Gumillaroy, and Comelroy, all of which are attempts at transliteration to the Latin alphabet. Nowadays, the term "Gomeroi", meaning One of the Rising Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="2860567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860567" title="Adair County High School">
Adair County High School

Adair County High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860573" title="2005 Japanese Grand Prix">
2005 Japanese Grand Prix

The 2005 Japanese Grand Prix was a Formula One race held on October 9, 2005 at the Suzuka Circuit. McLaren's Kimi Räikkönen won the race after starting from 17th place and overtaking race leader Giancarlo Fisichella on the final lap. This race also marks Ralf Schumacher's 6th and last pole position (and Toyota's 2nd).
Report.
The 2005 Japanese Grand Prix was the eighteenth race of the 2005 Formula One season. After the track was subject to heavy rain, the familiar faces found themselves down the order, while Ralf Schumacher scored an unlikely pole; which would be the final such occurrence of his career, and would ultimately be Toyota's last until . But by Sunday, the weather was warm, sunny, a nice fast track - a good track for the McLarens to excel. But with their drivers stranded well down the order (17th and 18th) a win seemed to be a difficult thing.
The race started off with Ralf Schumacher leading and Fisichella getting ahead of Button, meanwhile Takuma Sato and Rubens Barrichello went off the track and collided resulting in the Brazilian suffering a left rear puncture. Alonso was flying through the field. He was already up to eighth at the end of the first lap while Räikkönen was passed by many cars due to him going off track at the Casio triangle. Then a safety car was deployed when Juan Montoya's car went off track at the beginning of the pit straight. He tried to go around the outside of Villeneuve, but Villeneuve pushed Montoya off, resulting in a 25 sec penalty at the end of the race for the Canadian. Montoya's crash had an impact on the Constructors' Championship as it meant that only Räikkönen could score points for McLaren.
After the safety car, Alonso went around the outside of Christian Klien and cut the chicane. He gave the position back and then the FIA came on to the radio telling the Renault team to let Klien back past, so Alonso did. Then the FIA came to Renault again and said that he had to let Klien through again, so Alonso had to pass Klien for a third time. By this time he was four and a half seconds behind Michael Schumacher and Räikkönen had passed Klien.
After the first pitstops Ralf Schumacher went down to eighth position and Giancarlo Fisichella took a comfortable lead. Well behind Fisichella, Alonso and Räikkönen were closing on Michael Schumacher. Alonso went around the outside of Schumacher through 130R corner, the following lap he set a fastest lap time of 1:31.599 before his pitstop along with Button. Michael Schumacher and Kimi Räikkönen continued scrapping for a couple more laps before their pitstops, both of them rejoined ahead of Coulthard and Alonso. Laps later Räikkönen passed Schumacher and closed in on Button and Webber but couldn't get past. Alonso passed Schumacher for the second time and by this point he started to close on Räikkönen who was stuck behind Webber. At this point Fisichella looked favourite to win the grand prix, he was 20 seconds ahead. Alonso pitted early as a planned stop and not to be held up behind Jenson Button and Mark Webber. Fisichella then pitted and rejoined behind Button, Webber and Räikkönen and fell back quite quickly doing slow laps. Button and Webber pitted, Webber got out ahead of Button and they both got out ahead of Fernando Alonso. Räikkönen then set the fastest lap of the race on 1:31.540 and pitted. By then he was only 5 seconds behind Fisichella and was closing on the Renault. Meanwhile Alonso had got past Button who was slipping back to Coulthard and Michael Schumacher. Alonso got past Webber for third and was now 20 seconds behind his teammate and Räikkönen was now right on the tail of Fisichella. Fisichella got to a Minardi backmarker who blocked him and Räikkönen was the net winner getting past. Fisichella went defensive in the last two laps at the Casio Triangle which affected his exit and Räikkönen got a tow on the pit straight. The first time Fisichella defended and the second time Räikkönen was able to go past. Räikkönen won the race, taking his final victory for McLaren ahead of Fisichella, Alonso, Webber, Button, Coulthard, Michael Schumacher, and Ralf Schumacher. Post-race saw the disqualification of Takuma Sato after an earlier collision with Jarno Trulli.
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2860609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860609" title="American Horse (disambiguation)">
American Horse (disambiguation)

American Horse can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2860611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860611" title="Who Dunit">
Who Dunit

Who Dunit was an Exidy light gun arcade game released in 1988.
Summary.
In this shooting game, the player was to guide a character through a mysterious mansion to find a key to open a trunk in the attic. Using the light gun, the player had to guide and protect this character from dangers that range from ghosts, falling objects, and even pimps as he walks through each room.

</doc>
<doc id="2860617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860617" title="Acheron, Victoria">
Acheron, Victoria

Acheron is a small town in Victoria, Australia.
Overview.
It is located along the Maroondah Highway, near the junction of Acheron River and Goulburn River. The town was initially known as Acheron Lower, with Acheron Upper being what is now known as Taggerty. Both towns developed following the discovery of gold in Acheron River in 1870. Acheron Post Office opened on 15 April 1876 and was renamed Taggerty in 1893. Acheron Lower Post Office opened in 1884, was renamed Acheron in 1894 and closed in 1974.
The town was affected by the Black Friday bushfires of 1939. Seven people died near the town while fleeing the fires.

</doc>
<doc id="2860618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860618" title="Near vertical incidence skywave">
Near vertical incidence skywave

Near vertical incidence skywave, or NVIS, is a skywave radio-wave propagation path that provides usable signals in the range between groundwave and conventional skywave distances—usually 30–400 miles (50–650 km). It is used for military and paramilitary communications, broadcasting, especially in the tropics, and by radio amateurs. The radio waves travel near-vertically upwards into the ionosphere, where they are refracted back down and can be received within a circular region up to 650 km from the transmitter. If the frequency is too high (that is, above the critical frequency of the ionospheric F layer), refraction fails to occur and if it is too low, absorption in the ionospheric D layer may reduce the signal strength.
There is no fundamental difference between NVIS and conventional skywave propagation; the practical distinction arises solely from different desirable radiation patterns of the antennas (near vertical for NVIS, near horizontal for conventional long-range skywave propagation).
Frequencies and propagation.
The most reliable frequencies for NVIS communications are between 1.8 MHz and 8 MHz. Above 8 MHz, the probability of success begins to decrease, dropping to near zero at 30 MHz. Usable frequencies are dictated by local ionospheric conditions, which have a strong systematic dependence on geographical location. Common bands used in amateur radio at mid-latitudes are 3.5 MHz at night and 7 MHz during daylight, with experimental use of 5 MHz (60-meter) frequencies. Broadcasting uses the tropical broadcast bands between 2.3 and 5.06 MHz, and the international broadcast bands between 3.9 and 6.2 MHz, Military NVIS communications mostly take place on 2-4 MHz at night and on 5-7 MHz during daylight.
Optimum NVIS frequencies tend to be higher towards the tropics and lower towards the arctic regions. They are also higher during high sunspot activity years. The usable frequencies change from day to night, because sunlight causes the lowest layer of the ionosphere, called the D layer, to increase, causing attenuation of low frequencies during the day while the maximum usable frequency (MUF) which is the critical frequency of the F layer rises with greater sunlight.
NVIS is most useful in mountainous areas where line-of-sight propagation at VHF or UHF frequencies is ineffective or when the communication distance is beyond the 50-mile (80 km) range of groundwave, and less than the 300–1500-mile (500–2500 km) range of lower angle sky-wave. Another interesting aspect of NVIS communication is, that direction finding of the sender is more difficult than for ground-wave communication (i.e. VHF or UHF). For broadcasters, NVIS allows coverage of an entire medium sized country at much lower cost than with VHF (FM), and daytime coverage similar to MW (AM) nighttime coverage at lower cost and often with less interference.
Antennas.
An NVIS antenna configuration is a horizontally polarized (parallel with the surface of the earth) radiating element that is from 1/20th wavelength (λ) to 1/4 wavelength above the ground. That proximity to the ground forces the majority of the radiation to go straight up. Overall efficiency of the antenna can be increased by placing a ground wire slightly longer than the antenna parallel to and directly underneath the antenna. One source says that a single ground wire can provide antenna gain in the 3–6 dB range. Another source indicates 2dB for a single wire and nearly 4 dB for multiple ground wires. Ground wires are more necessary when using lower dipoles over poor soils as without them considerable energy goes into heating the ground.
Depending on the specific requirements, various antennas (i.e. Sloper, T2FD, Dipole) can be used for NVIS communication, with horizontal dipoles or inverted V dipoles at about 0.2 wavelengths above ground giving the best results, according to military sources.
Significant increases in communication will obviously be realized when both the transmitting station and the receiving station use NVIS configuration for their antennas. In particular for low profile operations NVIS antennas are a good option.
For broadcasting, typical antennas consist of a dipole about 1/4 wavelength above ground, or arrays of such dipoles. Up to 16 dipoles can be used, allowing strong signals with relatively low power by concentrating the signal in a smaller area. Limiting the coverage may be dictated by licensing, language or political considerations. Arrays of dipoles can be used to "slew" the pattern, so that the transmitter need not be in the center of the coverage footprint. Broadcast NVIS antennas usually use an extensive ground screen to increase gain and stabilize the pattern and feed impedance with changing ground moisture.
AS-2259 antenna.
A military NVIS antenna is the AS-2259 Antenna, which consists of two V-shaped dipoles: the four dipole wires also serve as guy rope for the antenna mast. An alternative configuration consists of a transmitting loop antenna which is configured for maximum signal transmission upwards.

</doc>
<doc id="2860622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860622" title="Fairfax High School (Fairfax, Missouri)">
Fairfax High School (Fairfax, Missouri)

Fairfax High School is a rural secondary school (grades 7-12) in Fairfax, Atchison County, Missouri.
District.
Fairfax High School is part of the Fairfax R-III School District. Fairfax Elementary School (K-6) feeds into Fairfax High School.
Enrollment.
In 2005, Fairfax had 77 students and 11 teachers. 
School colors: green and white.
Mascot: Bulldog.

</doc>
<doc id="2860625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860625" title="Gavin Fink">
Gavin Fink

Gavin Gerald Fink (born September 19, 1992) is an American actor. He has been working since the age of four, when he was signed by the Ford Modeling Agency and hired for the first job he ever tried out for, a Pepsi ad. Fink has already acquired a number of show business credits. On the big screen, he has appeared in "", directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, and "View from the Top", directed by Bruno Barreto for Miramax.
Fink has also appeared on several television series, including "Family Law", "The X-Files", "That's Life", "Walker Texas Ranger", and "3rd Rock from the Sun". He also worked on a series in development for PAX TV called "Happy Wife, Happy Life" and also, "Roswell" and "Lost at Home". In addition, he has been featured in theatrical productions of "Fiddler on the Roof", "Li'l Abner", and "Bye Bye Birdie".

</doc>
<doc id="2860628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860628" title="Double Leaf Society">
Double Leaf Society

The was a Japanese military secret society of the 1920s.
The "Futabakai" was one of many ultranationalist secret societies which had arisen within the Japanese military, from the Meiji period through World War II. The "Futabakai" consisted mainly of mid-level officers (colonels and majors) who had graduated from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy between 1907–1916, who now found their prospects for promotion to the rank of general very slim due to domination of the upper ranks of the military by officers from the former Chōshū domain. Although initially founded to purge the "corrupt" elements out the Imperial Japanese Army, it later became associated with foreign policy issues, and influenced by the writings of Ikki Kita and Okawa Shumei.
This historical "Futabakai" has no connection with the modern "yakuza" organization based in Fukuoka.

</doc>
<doc id="2860633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860633" title="Papillon">
Papillon

Papillon may refer to:
In animals:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="2860641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860641" title="Diran">
Diran

Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. This pyramid shaped mountain lies to the east of Rakaposhi (7,788m).
Diran was first climbed in 1968 by three Austrians: Rainer Goeschl, Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell. Earlier attempts by a German expedition in 1959 and an Australian expedition in 1964 were unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="2860656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860656" title="Pinyin input method">
Pinyin input method

The pinyin method () refers to a family of input methods based on the pinyin method of romanization.
In the most basic form, the pinyin method allows a user to input Chinese characters by entering the pinyin of a Chinese character and then presenting the user with a list of possible characters with that pronunciation. However, there are a number of slightly different such systems in use, and modern pinyin methods provide a number of convenient features.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The obvious advantage of pinyin-based input methods is the ease of learning for Mandarin speakers. Those who are familiar with pinyin would be able to input Chinese characters with almost no training, compared to other input methods.
For non-Mandarin-speaking Chinese, the main advantage of pinyin becomes its disadvantage. They will need to learn the Mandarin pronunciation of characters before they are able to use this input method.
However, since all children in Mainland China are required to learn pinyin in school, pinyin is in fact very popular there.
Unlike stroke-based input methods, the pinyin method only requires the user to know how to speak Mandarin and be able to recognize the characters. It does not require the user to be able to construct the character from scratch as one would do in writing Chinese. This is both an advantage and a disadvantage. It is an advantage in that people will be able to type all the characters they can recognize. It is a disadvantage in that it may cause language attrition and skill loss in adults, and it may be a learning barrier for written Chinese in children.
Elements and features.
Pinyin input methods differ in a number of possible aspects. Most pinyin input methods provide convenience features to speed up input. Some of these features can speed up typing immensely.
Conversion length.
The basic idea of an input method is to have a buffer that holds the user input until it is converted into characters that would otherwise be unavailable from the keyboard.
In the most basic systems, one character is converted at a time. This makes a very time consuming input process. Not only does the user have to select characters one at a time, it also means that the input system does not have the ability to prioritize character choices using word phrases, grammatical structure, or context. In addition, since the input method only supports one character at a time, it likely requires the user to type out the full pinyin spelling to narrow down the selection. This system still exists in embedded applications such as cell phones.
Common pinyin implementations on the computer today can hold up to a clause in pinyin before requiring a conversion. The method attempts to guess the appropriate characters by using word phrases from a dictionary, grammatical structure, and context.
Treatment of tones.
Chinese is a tonal language. Tones can be used to further distinguish characters of the same sound. Many of the early single-character pinyin method implementations required input of tones in order to narrow down the character selection.
For the sake of convenience, tone selection is disabled by default in most modern pinyin systems on the computer. The user may have the option to enable it depending on the pinyin implementation.
Treatment of extended Latin characters (ü and ê).
With the exception of intonation, there are two extended Latin vowels in pinyin. They are ü (U-umlaut) and ê (E-circumflex). Given that the US keyboard layout is the most common keyboard layout in China, any pinyin method implementation would need to be able to facilitate the input of those vowels on US keyboard.
Since the letter "v" is unused in Mandarin pinyin, it is universally used as an alias for ü. For example, typing "nv" into the input method would bring up the candidate list for .
The handling of ê is not as universal, since the character 欸 is the only commonly used character with this pronunciation. It is an interjection roughly equivalent to "Eh" in English. Some IMEs, such as Google Pinyin, merge it into "e", while others create an additional letter combination for it, such as "ea" or "eh", or "ei" in iOS. Others would simply drop this sound.
Treatment of hm, hng, ng, n.
The character 嗯 (ng) can be written using the IBUS linux and the Microsoft input method by typing "en".
Usage statistics and user dictionaries.
Most modern input method implementations would adjust the positions of word candidates in the candidate list based on prior usage statistics. In addition, the input method would also support user-defined phrases via a user dictionary.
Abbreviation.
Abbreviation is a feature that allows the user to omit all but the first or first couple of letters in the pinyin spelling. This feature can speed up the input of long word phrases significantly. Under this feature, the user can enter the word for "concert" () by typing "yyh" as opposed to "yinyuehui".
In systems that support user-defined phrases, users can even define their own abbreviations that might not follow standard pinyin rules.
Fuzzy pinyin.
Pinyin was created based on the pronunciation of Standard Chinese, a variety of Mandarin Chinese. Regional accents are prevalent in Mandarin among both native and nonnative speakers. This means that a significant number of Mandarin speakers would have trouble distinguishing a number of similar sounding syllables of pinyin, such as "c" and "ch", "s" and "sh", "z" and "zh", "n" and "ng", "h" or "hu" and "f", or "n" and "l". "Fuzzy pinyin" or "fuzzy input" (模糊音) is a feature that allows a user to input those similar sounding vowels or consonants as if they were the same thing. It also has disadvantages as the user must choose the correct characters or words from a longer list of "homophones".
Word prediction.
Word prediction () is a feature of an input method that attempts to guess the next series of characters that the user is attempting to enter. This feature is often used to refer to two different mechanisms that have similar functions.
One of these mechanisms is akin to an auto-complete function for user input. While the user is typing the appropriate pinyin, the input method would take the input and look up all possible word phrases that might match the user input even though the input is incomplete. For example, when the user enters "shang", the input method would show "上海" (Shanghai) as a word candidate under this feature.
The second possible mechanism is the prediction of the user's next input after the user completes entering a set of words. For example, in the above example, after user selects "上海" (Shanghai) from the word candidate list, the input method's pinyin buffer would be empty. Under this mechanism, the input method would display a list of words that often follows the word Shanghai, such as "人" (people), "市" (city), "的" (an auxiliary word).
Double pinyin.
Vowel groups in pinyin can be up to four letters long. "Double pinyin" (双拼) is a method whereby longer vowel groups are assigned to consonant keys as shortcuts, and zh,ch,sh are assigned to vowel keys as shortcuts. Thus, when the input method expects a vowel, the user can use the shortcuts to speed up typing.
In the Microsoft Pinyin IME, for example, if a user wants to input “中华人民共和国 (zhōnghuárénmíngònghéguó)”, "People's Republic of China" into the computer, they need to type "zhonghuarenmingongheguo" in Full Pinyin. In Double Pinyin, however, one only need type "vshwrfmngshego" (v=zh, s=ong,h=h, w=ua,r=r, f=en,m=m, n=in, g=g, s=ong, h=h, e=e, g=g, o=uo).
Typo correction.
Similar to automatic typo correction for English in word processors, pinyin method implementations can recognize possible typos and show appropriate word candidates. Using Google Pinyin as an example, when encountering a suspected typo, Google Pinyin would show both the word candidates assuming it is correct and the word candidates assuming it is a typo.
Language mixing.
Most advanced pinyin method implementations allow the mixing of English into an input stream without requiring the user to change the language mode. However, it often comes with some limitations such as requiring the input to be uppercase.
The following examples show the difference if user wishes to enter "这个SQL漏洞可以瘫痪整个系统。" (This SQL vulnerability could paralyze the entire system.):
Implementations.
The following are the most popular pinyin method editors used in Mainland China. They are free to download at their official websites.

</doc>
<doc id="2860658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860658" title="Beaverhead County High School">
Beaverhead County High School

Beaverhead County High School is a high school in the small town of Dillon, Beaverhead County, Montana.
In 2005 it had 412 students and 24 teachers. The students were 97% white, and the remainder Hispanic. 7% were eligible for free lunch, compared to a state average of 29%.
Sports.
The Dillon Beavers have been the Class "A" State Football Champions 6 times since 2000. They have won the championship in 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2011, and 2013. In 2007 and 2012 the Beavers also won the Class "A" State Boys Basketball Championship.
Also they won the boys 2006 State Cross Country State Champions for the first time ever. The girls volleyball and cross country received runner-up honors at state. During the 2006-2007 school year, Beaverhead County High School sports teams won 3 state championships, 2 runner-up trophies, and 6 divisional first place trophies.
Music.
BCHS is also known for its music program. The elite group of Teen tones is made up of 16 10th to 12th grade girls. BCHS also has many band groups. Beaverhead County High School is home to 6 all state musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="2860659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860659" title="Addington, Victoria">
Addington, Victoria

Addington is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located at the junction of Langi Kal-Kal Road and Edmonston Road, about 28 kilometres north-west of Ballarat. 
The town began as an agricultural settlement based around Addington Railway Station. A state school opened in 1860 under the name Ercildoune, and the area was known to the postal service as Mount Bolton. The school changed its name to Addington in about 1900.
The Post Office opened on 1 May 1858 as Mount Bolton, was renamed Addington in 1892 and closed in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2860670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860670" title="Metro Cebu">
Metro Cebu

Metropolitan Cebu, or simply Metro Cebu, (, ), is the main urban center of the province of Cebu in the Philippines. Metro Cebu is located along the central eastern portion of the island including the nearby island of Mactan. It accounts for 20 percent of the land area and 60 percent of the population ("2007 census") of the entire province of Cebu.
Metro Cebu is a metropolitan area that is located in Cebu City, the capital of Cebu and the regional center of Central Visayas with twelve surrounding cities and municipalities.
The Metropolitan Cebu Development Council (MCDC) is a body mandated to formulate development plans for the Metro Cebu area and coordinate their implementation. Unlike the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority, the MCDC does not have legal and institutional powers.
Cities and municipalities.
Metro Cebu comprises seven cities and six municipalities.
¹2010 Census
"Note:" In October 2005, development planners from Regional Development Council 7, Metropolitan Cebu Development Council headed by the Cebu Provincial Governor and Local Government Units of Cebu expanded the definition of Metro Cebu to include the cities of Carcar and Danao, and the municipality of San Fernando.
The provincial capitol, the central business district, major educational institutions and the international port are all located in Cebu City while major industrial companies and factories are located in Mandaue. The international airport and the export processing zone are located in Lapu-Lapu in Mactan Island. Danao is primarily a mining city while Talisay is a residential city with its income generated by small and medium sized businesses.
History.
Cebu City was a fishing village and farming settlement governed by Visayan native chieftains who traded with the neighboring islands of Malaysia and Indonesia.
On April 7, 1521, Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan arrived in Cebu. Magellan failed to successfully claim the Philippines for the crown of Spain as he was slain on Mactan Island on April 27, 1521 by its chieftain Datu Lapu-lapu.
On April 27, 1565, Spanish explorers led by Miguel López de Legazpi arrived in Cebu. The Spaniards renamed the city on January 1, 1571, from San Miguel (Saint Michael) to Villa del Santissimo Nombre de Jesús (Town of the Most Holy Name of Jesus). The island were a former capital city of the Spanish East Indies before the capital city was moved to Manila in 1571.
Mandaue City then was known as Mandani ruled by her chieftain Aponoan. She was formally constituted into a "pueblo" (people) between 1580 to 1700 and was officially known as the Población de Mandaue (Town of Mandaue) in 1899. It emerged into the industrial city of Mandaue. Mandaue became a chartered city on June 21, 1969 through Republic Act 5519. It was considered a highly urbanized city in the year 1991.
The City of Talisay was a former Augustinian order hacienda (estate) in 1648 and became a municipality in 1849. On December 30, 2000, Talisay became a component city by virtue of Republic Act 8979.
Lapu-Lapu City was originally referred to as "Mactan." It later became the town of Opon in 1730, the 7th town founded by the Augustinian Friars in Cebu. The town of Opon became a city on June 17, 1961. It largest district, Lapu-Lapu City, was named after Datu Lapu-Lapu.
Metropolitan Cebu was conceptualized by government planners in the 1970s and was based on experiences of urban planning in Metro Manila. Metro Cebu represented the province's thriving urban centers that are physically proximate to Cebu City which is the leading commercial and financial hub in the Visayas and northern Mindanao areas with a population largely dependent on the economic opportunities prevailing in the area.
People.
Ancestry.
The people of Cebu are called Cebuanos. Some individuals have European, Chinese and other foreign ancestries as well as ancestries from other Filipino ethnic groups.
Languages.
Cebuano is the most common language spoken in Metro Cebu, followed by Tagalog. English is commonly used in educational institutions and business transactions. Other languages spoken include Chinese, Spanish, and a range of Visayan languages.
Education.
Metro Cebu is the seat of well-known and highly regarded educational institutions in the country.
These includes:
Other note-worthy universities and colleges include:
A large number of students from the neighboring provinces such as Bohol and Misamis Oriental to name a few, prefer to go to Metro Cebu to take up tertiary-level education.
There is also a sizable number of South Korean and Iranian students who take up tertiary-level courses in Metro Cebu. Most of these Koreans came here to learn the basics of conversational English while the majority these Iranians study Medicine and other medical-related courses.
Cebu has two internationally connected educational institutions. They are: the Cebu International School, which is located in Pit-os in Cebu City, and the Centre for International Education (CIE), which is a secondary-level educational institution offering some tertiary-level courses.
Events.
2004 presidential inauguration.
On June 30, 2004, Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo was the first Philippine President to be inaugurated in Metro Cebu. The inauguration was done in front of Cebu Provincial Capitol in Cebu City. This was done in gratitude for the support given to her by the people of Cebu during the election. In a break with tradition, she delivered her inaugural address in Manila before departing for Cebu for her inauguration.
2005 Southeast Asian Games.
Metro Cebu and other key Philippine cities hosted the 2005 Southeast Asian Games. The event was held from November 27 to December 5, 2005. Venues for this event includes the Cebu City Sports Complex, Cebu Coliseum, Mandaue Coliseum, University of San Carlos and parts of Danao City.
2006 ASEAN Summit and 2nd East Asia Summit.
The 12th Summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), originally scheduled for Dec. 10-14 was postponed to January 2007 due to Typhoon Utor. The decision was made in consideration of the safety and welfare of the participants. [http://www.12thaseansummit.org.ph/innertemplate3.asp?category=news&newsid=319]
The Cebu International Convention Center is a structure built by the Cebu provincial government in time for the 12th ASEAN Summit and 2nd East Asia Summit at a cost of around US$10-million dollars, US$5-million dollars more than expected. It is a three-storey structure with a total floor area of 25,000 square meters and situated on 3.8 hectares of land at the Mandaue City Reclamation Area.
Public utilities.
Communication.
Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) is the major phone carrier in the metropolis and the entire province. Globelines Innove and Islacom, both subsidiaries of Globe Telecom came in after the passage of the Telecommunications Act of 1995.
There are three wireless telecommunication companies serving Metro Cebu as well as the rest of the Philippines. These are:
Electricity.
Metro Cebu's electricity is mostly supplied from Leyte Geothermal Power Plants operated by PNOC-EDC which is interconnected across Cebu through electrical submarine cables operated by TransCo. It is transmitted by the state-owned National Transmission Corporation (TransCo) through several high tension wires. It is stored and distributed by the Visayan Electric Company. They put out 220VAC 50 Hz (VECO).
Water.
In 1974 the Metropolitan Cebu Water District (MCWD) took over in distributing potable water to the whole metropolis after the Osmena Waterworks System suffered financial losses. MCWD supplies potable water to the cities of Cebu, Mandaue, Lapu-lapu and Talisay and the municipalities of Consolacion, Lilo-an, Compostela and Cordova from their reservoirs in Talamban and Pardo in Cebu City, Casili in Consolacion and Mananga in Talisay City.
Water shortage has always been a problem in Metro Cebu due to deforestation and seawater intrusion of the underground water supply.

</doc>
<doc id="2860674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860674" title="Q value (nuclear science)">
Q value (nuclear science)

In nuclear physics and chemistry, the "Q" value for a reaction is the amount of energy released by that reaction. From energy conservation of the simple reaction,
one finds, 
where "K" is the kinetic energy and "m" is the rest mass. Rewriting the expression above as
enables the general definition of Q: 
A reaction with a positive "Q" value is exothermic, i.e. has a net release of energy, since the kinetic energy of the final state is greater than the kinetic energy of the initial state.
A reaction with a negative "Q" value is endothermic, i.e. requires a net energy input, since the kinetic energy of the final state is less than the kinetic energy of the initial state.
Q values are also featured in particle physics. For example in Sargent's rule, which states that the reaction rate of weak interactions is proportional to "Q"5. The "Q" value is the kinetic energy released in the decay of the particle at rest. For example, for neutron decay:
where "m"n is the mass of the neutron, "m"p is the mass of the proton, "m" is the mass of the electron antineutrino and "m"e is the mass of the electron.

</doc>
<doc id="2860675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860675" title="Agnes, Victoria">
Agnes, Victoria

Agnes is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located at the junction of the South Gippsland Highway and Barry Road, close to Corner Inlet. Although it used to be thriving, and even had a state school, it now has really nothing more there than a couple of houses and a waterfall. 
The railway arrived in 1892 and the Post Office opened on 28 December 1915 and closed in 1960.
See also.
Agnes railway station

</doc>
<doc id="2860688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860688" title="Cheyenne (video game)">
Cheyenne (video game)

Cheyenne was a shooting gallery arcade game manufactured by Exidy and released in 1984.
Gameplay.
Stages.
In this western style shooting game, the player must guide and protect "Buster Badshot" through various scenes of danger that take place in the old west, using the light gun. Each level has at least three stages that can be selected in any order by shooting the corresponding hanging picture. The stages are all based in classic old western locales, such as graveyards, canyons, saloons, mines, deserts, forests, ghost towns, and the like. 
Once all the stages in a level have been completed, the player will then move on to a bonus 
"Target Practice" stage. If the player hits all the objects in this stage within the time limit, they are awarded a "Bonus Buster" - an extra life - and allowed to proceed to the next level.
Enemies.
Throughout each stage, Buster is attacked by many enemies and will find himself in a variety of perilous situations. The player must shoot each and any of these dangers before they can harm Buster. Objects that can be shot include knives, arrows, bullets, cannonballs, shovels, and bombs, as well as ghosts, falling boulders, and errant mine carts. Buster will also be attacked by wild animals such as bats, beavers, bears, coyotes, bison, wildcats, wolves, skunks, raccoons, birds, and rats, all of which the player must shoot in order to protect Buster.
In addition to these perils, Buster will also encounter gangs of outlaws, which can contain anywhere from two to four members. Outlaws are easily distinguished from other characters due to their flashing colors, and all of them must be “captured” (shot) to complete a stage. Once the player meets this condition, they will be returned to the stage's introduction screen, in which iron bars are placed over “Wanted” posters of each outlaw, all of which have “PAID” stamped on them. From here, the player moves back to the level's stage select screen.
Scoring system.
Each captured outlaw rewards the player with points, which are expressed as dollars in-game. The first captured outlaw is worth $100, the second $250, and from there the reward for each outlaw captured increases by $250.
Legacy.
An NES port by American Game Cartridges was planned, but ultimately never saw release.
The credits screen depicted here shows abbreviations of the game development team:
LWH = Larry Hutcherson, Level Programmer
NGI = Nick Ilyin, Lead Programmer
VIC = Victor Tolomei, Lead Programmer
LYN = Lynn Pointer, CG Artist
KEN = Ken Nicholson, Sound Designer; Level Designer
HEC = Hector Galindo, Artist
RAY = Ray Maninang, Cabinet Artist
MIK = Mike Craven, Artist
HAI = Howell Ivy, Exidy 440 hardware designer

</doc>
<doc id="2860691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860691" title="Background Notes">
Background Notes

The Background Notes series is a collection of works by the United States Department of State. These publications include facts about the land, people, history, government, political conditions, economy, and foreign relations of independent states, some dependencies, and areas of special sovereignty. The series is available online through the State Department's website.

</doc>
<doc id="2860699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860699" title="Albanvale, Victoria">
Albanvale, Victoria

Albanvale is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 19 km west from Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the City of Brimbank. At the 2011 Census, Albanvale had a population of 5,221.
The border of Albanvale consists of Station Road, Main Road West, Kororoit Creek, Fairfax Circuit, Concord Circuit and Brimbank Central Shopping Centre. The 2009 edition of the Melway Street Directory clearly marks the shopping centre in Deer Park. The suburb was established in the 1970s.
From the late 1980s to early 1990s, Albanvale became a very popular location with migrants from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Flora and fauna.
The Kororoit Creek forms the 700m western border of the suburb. This area once had large healthy populations of native reptiles, including Tiger snake, Eastern Blue-tongued Lizard, Common snakeneck turtle and Eastern brown snake. Due to development these species are now rarely seen in the area.
Due to the recent development of the Cairnlea and Burnside estates, on the southern and eastern borders of Albanvale, native species of frogs have taken advantage and have taken up residence in the new wetlands and lakes. The Common Eastern Froglet and the now endangered Growling Grass Frog have been seen and heard in the new wetlands and around Kororoit Creek.
Sports facilities.
Albanvale Football Club is an Australian Rules football team competing in the Western Region Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2860701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860701" title="Forest Lawn Memorial-Parks &amp; Mortuaries">
Forest Lawn Memorial-Parks &amp; Mortuaries

Forest Lawn Memorial-Parks & Mortuaries is an American corporation that owns and operates a chain of cemeteries and mortuaries in Los Angeles, Orange, and Riverside counties in Southern California. The company was founded by a group of San Francisco businessmen in 1906. Dr. Hubert Eaton assumed management control in 1917 and is credited with being Forest Lawn's "founder" because of his origination of the "memorial-park" plan. The first location was in Tropico which later became part of Glendale, California. Its facilities are officially known as "memorial parks". The parks are best known for the large number of celebrity burials, especially in the Glendale and Hollywood Hills locations. Eaton opened the first mortuary (funeral home) on dedicated cemetery grounds after a long battle with established funeral directors who saw the "combination" operation as a threat. He remained as general manager until his death in 1966 when he was succeeded by his nephew, Frederick Llewellyn.

</doc>
<doc id="2860712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860712" title="Lisa Jane Persky">
Lisa Jane Persky

Lisa Jane Persky (born May 5, 1955) is an American actress, journalist, author, artist, and photographer.
Early life and education.
Persky was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the daughter of Jane Holley (née Wilson) and Mort Persky, and, subsequent to her parents' divorce, the step-daughter of author Judith Rossner and classical violinist Vladimir Weisman. She grew up in New York's Greenwich Village, making her home at 87 Christopher Street, a building known for such notable tenants as playwright H.M. Koutoukas and Yoko Ono. Persky attended P.S. 41 elementary school and the High School of Art and Design in Manhattan, where she studied graphic design.
Acting.
Immediately after she graduated from high school, Persky's neighbor H.M. Koutoukas told her that he had written a play for her, and cast her (at the sum of $25 per week) as "Cordelia Wells, The World's Most Perfect Teenager" in the play "Grandmother is in The Strawberry Patch" at the La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club, the first of several collaborations between the two. In 1976, she performed (as Mary-Eleanor) in Tom Eyen's "Women Behind Bars", directed by Ron Link and starring Divine. Since that time, she has appeared in a wide variety of plays, including Broadway's "Steaming", and has won critical acclaim in Los Angeles for many stage performances, as well as the Drama-Logue and L.A. Weekly awards for best actress for "These Men," in which she starred at LAATC (Los Angeles Actors Theatre Company), and for "Hearts on Fire" at the Odyssey. She also received a Drama Critics Circle Award nomination (for Outstanding Performance) for her role in playwright Mayo Simon's "These Men."
Her breakout performance as a film actress came in 1979, playing the role of Robert Duvall's daughter in "The Great Santini" and she has gone on to act in more than two dozen films, including "American Pop", "The Big Easy", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Coneheads", "The Cotton Club", and "Peggy Sue Got Married". While playing Katrina in 1995's "Destiny Turns on the Radio", she gave actor/director Quentin Tarantino his first on-screen kiss. In 2013, she appeared as herself in "I Am Divine", Jeffrey Schwarz's documentary about the late actor Divine.
In television, Persky's work has included a recurring role on "Private Eye", as well as appearances on the likes of "NYPD Blue", "The X-Files", "King of the Hill", "E/R", "The Golden Girls", and dozens more. She has also appeared in such made-for-TV movies as "" and "KISS Meets the Phantom of the Park".
Writing and Editing.
An early participant in the CBGB music scene, she was a founding member of the "New York Rocker" magazine staff. During that era, she documented the burgeoning punk/new wave movement both as a writer and a photojournalist. She revisited that scene on the New York Rockers panel at the 2012 EMP Pop Conference.
As a journalist, her work has also appeared in a variety of publications, including "Fortean Times" and the "LA Weekly".
In 2010, she became a founding editor of the "Los Angeles Review of Books", where she was also Art Director, leaving the publication in December 2012.
Her fiction has appeared, among other places, in the magazine "BOMB" and "Eclectica" (where, billed as Eljay Persky, she was one of 30 writers selected to be anthologized in their "Eclectica: Best Fiction Vol. 1" collection).
Art.
In addition to fine art photography, her work as a photographer has been featured in periodicals such as "Mojo", "Q", and "Uncut", and also in books, including Gary Valentine's memoir, "New York Rocker: My Life in The Blank Generation", "Punk: The Whole Story", and "Lance Out Loud", to which she also contributed an essay. Her collage work has appeared in publications including the "Los Angeles Times" and "LA Style", and it earned her an Award for Design Excellence from "Print" magazine. In 2008, she co-produced and curated "Los Angeles Loteria; An Exploration of Identity", an edition of prints in honor of the 40th anniversary of Aardvark Letterpress. In 2012, she contributed the foreword to the exhibit catalogue for photographer Bobby Grossman's show "Low Fidelity - The Photos of Bobby Grossman".
Personal life.
On January 19, 2008, she married music historian and former co-star of the Comedy Central game show "Beat the Geeks", Andy Zax.
Miscellanea.
Persky was the subject of a critically lauded song by Blondie, "(I'm Always Touched by Your) Presence, Dear", which was written by her then-boyfriend, Gary Valentine, who was the band's bassist at the time.
In 2009, Persky began making appearances on "The Best Show on WFMU" radio program, as both as a regular caller and as an in-studio special guest. She is also a semi-regular on the "Life Elsewhere" program on WMNF FM, Tampa.
Persky occasionally has appeared at fan conventions, including the 20th anniversary celebration for "Quantum Leap" and at the 2013 NY/NJ KISS Expo.

</doc>
<doc id="2860713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860713" title="Stephen Sizer">
Stephen Sizer

Stephen Robert Sizer (born 1953) is the incumbent of the Anglican parish of Christ Church, Virginia Water, in Surrey, England. In addition to his parish ministry, he is an author, theologian and evangelist.
Biography.
Stephen Robert Sizer was born in Lowestoft in 1953, the son of a carpenter. He began his career working for the Department of Health and Social Security (1971–1973) as a Supplementary Benefits Visiting Officer in east London. From there he went on to study Geography (African & Asian Studies) at Sussex University, (1973–1976). It was while at University, that he became a Christian. After graduation Sizer worked as a Campus Director/student counsellor with Agape at the Universities of London, Liverpool and Sussex. In 1980 he was accepted for training as a minister in the Church of England and gained a Diploma in Theology at Trinity College Bristol. In 1983 he was ordained and became an Assistant Curate for St. Leonard's in St Leonards-on-Sea, then was appointed Rector at St. John's, Stoke, Guildford in 1986. He gained a MA in Theology from Oxford University in 1994. After 11 years at St John's, in 1997 he became the Vicar of Christchurch, Virginia Water, where he is now incumbent. He continued to study and was awarded a PhD from Oak Hill Theological College and Middlesex University in 2003.
Views and opinions.
Stephen Sizer is a Conservative Evangelical and has aligned with a number of related organisations. He is a member of Reform (Anglican), Anglican Mainstream, and the Church Society. He has endorsed the Jerusalem Declaration issued by the Global Anglican Future Conference and has joined the resulting Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans. He supports the Third Province Movement[http://www.thirdprovince.org.uk].
In 2004, Sizer adapted his PhD thesis into a book, "Christian Zionism - Road Map to Armageddon?" He claims that Christian Zionism infused with the neoconservative political ideology has led millions of Christians astray and helped to tip the world on its side heavy with military artillery.
Sizer argues that Christian Zionism has no biblical foundation or historical precedent.
Christian and Jewish responses.
In the Christian world, some of Sizer's writings have been commended by Christians who embrace Reformed covenant theology, including leaders and academics such as John Stott (Stott's essay "The Place of Israel" is included in Sizer's Book "Zion's Christian Soldiers?"), R. C. Lucas, Gary Burge, Gilbert Bilezikian, Stephen Travis, and Paul Copan.
Some reviews of "Christian Zionism - Road Map to Armageddon?" have been highly critical. A prominent Christian opponent of Sizer, renowned Bible teacher David Pawson, wrote a book called "Defending Christian Zionism - in response to Stephen Sizer and John Stott". 
Pawson has said of Sizer:"I am grateful to Stephen Sizer for drawing attention to the legitimate criticisms of dispensational Zionism. He has rendered a service to the cause of Zionism which was needed." Pawson publicly debated Sizer on Premier Christian Radio.
Other Christian authors who have criticised Sizer include Barry Horner and Paul Wilkinson, leaders of Christian missions to the Jewish people such as Mike Moore, General Secretary of Christian Witness to Israel, and Tony Higton. Later, having met Sizer, Tony Higton largely retracted his view and wrote:
After years of sparring, Stephen Sizer and I met up and found we had wide areas of agreement. Having worked in Jewish ministry for seven years, half of them in Jerusalem, I have seen the best and worst of Christian Zionism. Insofar as it combats anti-Semitism, defends the existence of a safe homeland for Jewish people, promotes evangelism among Jewish people, and supports reconciliation in the Holy Land, it is good. However, Sizer is right to criticize the serious failings of some Christian Zionism. I agree with him in rejecting the following errors which are held by many Christian Zionists: Lack of godly compassion for the Palestinians, and of concern for their human rights and about their legitimate aspirations. A negative attitude toward Palestinians, and Arabs in general, to the point of racism. Uncritical support for Israel (a secular, sinful state like any other), justifying all its actions against the Palestinians. Neglecting or even opposing and forbidding evangelism of Israelis, sometimes believing that Jewish people can experience salvation through Judaism. Being more interested in the fulfilment of prophecy than in application of kingdom principles such as justice and reconciliation. Opposing the peace process. Sometimes advocating the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians from the Holy Land. Sometimes supporting the rebuilding of the temple regardless of the problematic theological implications and the danger of provoking extreme violence.
British Zionist journalist Melanie Phillips has criticised Sizer and has condemned him in her writings. British Jewish Zionist historian Geoffrey Alderman has also criticized Sizer for masking his religious prejudice in "academic guise." Jewish Christians and Messianic Jews such as Aaron Abramson and Jacob Prasch have also expressed their strong disagreement with Sizer's views. The Board of Deputies of British Jews formally complained to the Church of England in November 2012 over documented statements made by Sizer since early 2010 which the Board argues are antisemitic. Sizer's Diocesan Bishop, Christopher Hill, defended him, saying that he "repudiates anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial" and was just drawing attention to article about potential military action by Israel against Iran. An American Anglican minister, (British born, but was refused ordination in the Church of England) the Rev. Nick Howard has asserted in an article for "Standpoint" that given Sizer's statements on Press TV and elsewhere, the link made on his Facebook page is not an isolated, or "uncharacteristic", incident.
However, British lawyer and academic, Anthony Julius (who became chair of the Jewish Chronicle in 2011 and who is famous for opposing anti-Semitism) acknowledges that Stephen Sizer “categorically reject(s) any position that threatens the territorial integrity of Israel as a sovereign nation” and describes his work as having “the merit of clearly setting out the issues that divide the two sides, and furthermore doing so without the rancour or sheer nastiness of tone typical of the polemics in the conflict." Moreover, following accusations of anti-Semitism levelled against Stephen Sizer in 2012 (seven months prior to the Board of Deputies' formal complaint) several prominent people wrote to the Bishop of Guildford in his defence. Amongst them was Rabbi Professor Dan Cohn-Sherbok emeritus professor of Judaism at the University of Wales who wrote, “I have been disturbed to read about the allegations made against Stephen Sizer. These are, I believe, completely without foundation: there is simply no evidence that he is an antisemite. It would be a mistake… to construe Stephen Sizer's political criticisms as evidence of antipathy against Jews.” British Parliamentarian, Jeremy Corbyn MP argued that those criticising Stephen Sizer were politically motivated and “intent on discrediting the excellent work that Stephen does in highlighting the injustices of the Palestinian Israeli situation…..as part of a wider pattern of demonising those who dare to stand up and speak out against Zionism." 
Sizer's books have been endorsed by Jewish academics such as the Reform Jewish Rabbi Dan Cohn-Sherbok and Middle East historian Norton Mezvinsky.
Public positions.
Sizer is a member of the Executive of the Guildford Diocesan Evangelical Fellowship and a member of Guildford Diocesan Synod. He is a trustee and former chairman of the International Bible Society UK, publishers of the New International Version. He is a founding member of the Institute for the Study of Christian Zionism, a member of the Advisory Council of Evangelicals for Middle East Understanding, a Trustee of the Amos Trust and on the UK Board of Reference for the Mar Elias Educational Institutions in Ibillin, Galilee. He is also on the editorial board of Living Stones Magazine.
Sizer regularly contributes articles for newspapers and journals including Evangelicals Now, Third Way, "Plain Truth" and Friends of Al Aqsa. He is a regular contributor to programmes on Premier Radio, Press TV; and the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB). He has also appeared on BBC2 Newsnight, Syrian TV and Al Manar TV. He has lectured at the universities of Oxford, Cambridge, London, Glasgow, Manchester, Leicester, SOAS, George Washington, North Park Chicago, Baylor, Palm Beach Atlantic, Tehran, Mashhad, Isfahan, Shahreza, Qom, Jakarta, Petra, Beirut and Cairo. He has also lectured at the Oxford Centre of Mission Studies, Oak Hill College, Wycliffe Hall, Tyndale House, the Cornhill Training Course (CTC), for Tearfund,
Censorship incident.
On 29 November 2009, Joseph Weissman, a 23 year-old graduate student and Messianic Jewish Zionist at Leeds University was visited by police officers at his home. Weissman had created a blog under the name "Seismic Shock" which had criticised Sizer's anti-Zionist views and alleged links to extremists. The police were acting on complaints of harassment made by Sizer (who coincidentally had experienced a break-in at his home resulting in the theft of a computer and other personal property) and a lecturer at the Wales Evangelical School of Theology, Anthony McRoy. No legal action was taken against Weissman, but it was reported that he voluntarily removed the blog following the visit. News of the incident, referred to as "Sizergate" by some commentators, broke in January 2010 and rapidly spread throughout the blogging community. Sizer and McRoy were widely accused of censoring Weissman's views, but the Streisand effect raised awareness of the dispute between Sizer and Weissman to a far greater level than it previously had.

</doc>
<doc id="2860716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860716" title="Mount Andromeda">
Mount Andromeda

Mount Andromeda can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860718" title="Krumkake">
Krumkake

Krumkake or 'Krum kaka' (; meaning "bent" or "curved cake", plural "krumkaker") is a Norwegian waffle cookie made of flour, butter, eggs, sugar, and cream. 
Like Italian pizzelle, a special decorative two-sided iron griddle, similar to a waffle iron, is traditionally used to bake the thin round cakes. Older irons are used over the stove, but modern electric irons offer the convenience of nonstick surfaces, automatic timing, and multiple cakes per batch. While hot, the 13–20 cm krumkake are rolled into small cones around a wooden or plastic cone form. Krumkake can be eaten plain or filled with whipped cream (often multekrem) or other fillings.
These cookies are popular not only in Norway but also among Norwegian immigrant descendants in the American Midwest. Krumkaker are traditionally made in preparation for Christmas, along with other Norwegian sweets including Sandbakelse and Rosettes. They offer a sweet dessert after the traditional Christmas Eve dinner of ribs or pinnekjøtt.
In Germany, the cookies are commonly filled with sweet stuffings. They are also used as a type of ice cream cone.

</doc>
<doc id="2860727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860727" title="Cocos Island (Guam)">
Cocos Island (Guam)

Cocos Island () is an island off the southern tip of the United States territory of Guam, located within the Merizo Barrier Reef, part of the municipality of Merizo. The island is uninhabited, long in a southwest-northeast direction, between and wide, and has an area of . It sits atop the southwestern coral reef rim of Cocos Lagoon.
The west coast of the island is a day resort with a pool, volleyball court, cafe, ice cream parlor, restaurant and bar, and water sports equipment rentals. Visitors to the resort can snorkel, dive, kayak, dolphin watch, parasail, jet ski and bike. The east side is public land part of the Territorial Park System. Ferries run to Merizo, Guam.
A Coast Guard long-range navigation station operated on Cocos Island from 1944-1963.
Military tests on soil from Cocos Island in late 2005 showed levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) contamination 4,900 times higher than the federally recommended level. Tests on twelve species of fish in the lagoon showed all but one of those species had high levels of PCBs. One had 265 times the acceptable level. The contamination most likely originated from transformers and other electrical equipment at the Coast Guard station, but was not tested for earlier.
Officials from the Guam Environmental Protection Agency, Guam Department of Public Health and Social Services, and the Coast Guard announced their findings on 20 February 2006 and warned people not to eat fish caught in the lagoon.

</doc>
<doc id="2860733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860733" title="Arundel Cathedral">
Arundel Cathedral

The Cathedral Church of Our Lady and St Philip Howard is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Arundel, West Sussex, England. Dedicated in 1873 as the Catholic parish church of Arundel, it became a cathedral at the foundation of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton in 1965. It now serves as the seat of the Bishop of Arundel and Brighton.
History.
The cathedral's location, construction, design, and dedication owe much to the Howard family, who, as Dukes of Norfolk and Earls of Arundel are the most prominent English Catholic family, and rank first (below the royal family) in the Peerage of England. Since 1102 the seat of the Howards' ancestors has been Arundel Castle.
In 1664 Roman Catholic worship was suppressed in England by the Conventicle Act and all churches and cathedrals in England were transferred to the Church of England. With the Catholic Emancipation Act of 1829 the foundation of Roman Catholic parishes became again legal.
In 1868 Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 15th Duke of Norfolk commissioned architect Joseph Hansom to design a new Roman Catholic sanctuary as a suitable counterpart to Arundel Castle. The architectural style of the cathedral is French Gothic, a style that would have been popular between 1300 and 1400—the period in which the Howards and the Dukes of Norfolk rose to national prominence in England. The building is Grade I listed, and regarded as one of the finest examples of Gothic Revival architecture in the French Gothic style in the country.
The church was originally dedicated to Our Lady and St Philip Neri, but in 1971, following the canonisation of Philip Howard, 20th Earl of Arundel and the reburial of his relics in the cathedral, the dedication was changed to Our Lady and St Philip Howard.
Organist.
In 2002, Elizabeth Stratford was appointed Organist and Master of the Choristers of the cathedral, becoming the first woman to hold the post of Director of Music in an English cathedral. Stratford was educated at St. Joseph's Catholic College, Bradford and then at the University of Huddersfield winning scholarships for voice, composition and organ from the RCO and other trusts. She studied at the University of Leeds with Gordon Stewart (organ), Simon Lindley (choir training) and Philip Wilby (composition). She succeeded Alistair Warwick as the Organist and Director of Music of the cathedral, and she also teaches piano at Brighton College.

</doc>
<doc id="2860752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860752" title="Sakura Sakura">
Sakura Sakura

, also known as "Sakura", is a traditional Japanese folk song depicting spring, the season of cherry blossoms. Contrary to popular belief, the song did not originate in ancient times; it was a popular, urban melody of the Edo period and was adopted as a piece for beginning "koto" students in the Tokyo Academy of Music "Collection of Japanese Koto Music" issued in 1888 (in English) by the Department of Education. The song has been popular since the Meiji period, and the lyrics in their present form were attached then. It is often sung in international settings as a song representative of Japan. 
In 2007, it was selected for Nihon no Uta Hyakusen, a collection of songs and nursery rhymes widely beloved in Japan.
Melody.
The "Sakura Sakura" melody is pentatonic using scale degrees 1, 3, 4, 6, and 7 (C, E, F, A, B), also known as Do, Mi, Fa, La, and Si in solfège.
Lyrics.
The original lyrics are listed as the second verse. In 1941, the Japanese Ministry of Education published an additional verse in "Uta no hon" (うたのほん 教師用 下), listing it first before the original verse.
Variations.
"Dream of the Cherry Blossoms" by Keiko Abe, a virtuoso percussionist, is a five-minute piece for marimba. This piece is based on "Sakura Sakura" and has become popular in the marimba repertoire. Yukihiro Yoko, a classical guitarist, made an arrangement for his instrument, a theme with variations, in which he uses different guitar techniques to imitate the sound of the koto. 
Alfred Reed's Fifth Symphony "Sakura" is based on this folk song.
Because the melody spans a modest range, it is ideally suited to instruments that have a limited pitch range, such as the Native American Flute.
In 2013 Marc Edwards recorded an album featuring 3 20 minute versions of Sakura Sakura, in a free jazz electric guitar style.

</doc>
<doc id="2860755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860755" title="Splender">
Splender

Splender was a melodic rock band from New York.
Guitarist/vocalist/songwriter Waymon Boone and bassist James Cruz formed the alternative pop/rock quartet Splender in 1997. The New York based group went through various incarnations, eventually choosing drummer Marc Slutsky after he responded to an advertisement in the Village Voice and lead guitarist Jonathan Svec.
Boone is the son of an R&B singer, and toured with his mother in his youth.
The group's first shows were on a European festival tour opening for nu-metal group Korn, as well as playing various shows around New York City.
The band was signed to Columbia Records after winning a Battle of bands. Todd Rundgren produced their 1999 debut album, "Halfway Down the Sky". The album spawned two hits in "Yeah, Whatever" and "I Think God Can Explain." In 2001, the band signed to Clive Davis' J Records. A year later, "To Whom it May Concern" was released which spawned the single "Save It For Later."
Shortly following their second release, the group disbanded. Waymon Boone recently announced via Myspace that the band is starting to record its new album in and is going on a tour in 2009.
During a lengthy radio interview, Waymon Boone confirmed that while the band had discussed reforming, it never came together. Boone is currently operating a studio in Los Angeles, California called Boondock Films where he produces music videos and films. Boone worked on "The Devil's in the Details" starring Ray Liotta.

</doc>
<doc id="2860760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860760" title="Mount Andromeda (South Sandwich Islands)">
Mount Andromeda (South Sandwich Islands)

Mount Andromeda is, at , the higher and more southerly of the twin ice domes, this one marking the summit of Candlemas Island, South Sandwich Islands. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 in association with nearby Mount Perseus, the name referring to Andromeda, the mythical heroine rescued from a sea monster by the hero Perseus.

</doc>
<doc id="2860771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860771" title="Facelift (TV series)">
Facelift (TV series)

Facelift is a half-hour topical comedy show produced for New Zealand's TV One by the Gibson Group.
Drawing on The Gibson Group's extensive experience with a wide range of comedy productions, including "Public Eye", "Skitz", "Telly Laughs", "Newsflash" and "The Semisis", Facelift is a sketch comedy employing live actors in rubber puppet masks. Pulling off the transition from puppet caricatures to human caricatures was a complex and ambitious task. A small group of actors were cast for voice and performance skills. Moulds were then taken of their heads and prosthetic masks created of various New Zealand politicians and celebrities, such as Helen Clark, Don Brash and Kate Hawkesby. New topical characters are periodically introduced.
The fourth series screened from July 2007 to September 2007.
Characters.
Main characters.
Helen Clark (played by Darlene Mohekey), the Prime Minister of New Zealand at the time of the show and leader of the Labour Party. Jokes mainly focus on her lack of affectionate behaviour and her relationship with her husband Peter Davis.
Don Brash (played by Alan Brunton), the former leader of the National Party (succeeded by John Key) and Helen's rival in the elections. Jokes focus on his efforts to beat Helen Clark in the elections, his boringness, his relationship with his wife Je Lan, his racism towards Maori people and the various things he has done in order to win votes. The real Don Brash stated that he doesn't mind being parodied by the show.
Winston Peters (played by Cohen Holloway), the leader of the New Zealand First party. Jokes are based on his relationships to Labour and National, his anger against foreign immigrants such as Asians, Muslims (especially Iraqis whom he claims are all terrorists) and any other ethnic minorities, the fact that only elderly people vote for him and his lack of knowledge of the Maori culture, despite being part Maori himself.
Rodney Hide, the leader of the Act party. His face was put on a rat's body at the start of the show, possibly to suggest the fact that he is always 'in the muck'. Muck raking was probably his main comedic attribute, as well as the fact that his party got such few votes in the election.
Jeanette Fitzsimons, the leader of the Green party. Jokes were based on her love for anything to do with nature and spirituality, like reforestation, Feng Shui and in some skits, marijuana. Nandor Tanczos was also parodied in the show.
John Campbell (played by Cohen Holloway), a news anchor for TV3 News in the first series, and the host of Campbell Live in the second and third series. His skits frequently started with a greeting aimed at the younger generation, e.g. "Yo Niggers." He used the expression "Marvellous" frequently and ended most skits with a reference to what Jacquie Brown was going to do "after the break", usually something sexually explicit to parody the fact that Jacquie usually does anything for the show. When John is in trouble he often calls on his assistant Carol Hirschfeld who is never shown but acts like a mother towards him. In the third series there was a joke about him and Rove McManus being homosexual together because the real Campbell frequently interviews Rove whenever he comes to New Zealand.
Paul Holmes featured in the second series presenting his new show on Prime Television New Zealand. Many jokes related to the low ratings of the Holmes show on Prime, such as Paul pausing the show while waiting for a viewer to get back from the kitchen. The show's text message system was also parodied, including one message saying viewers should change channels to watch a lesbian scene on Shortland Street. After the real show was axed in August 2005 Paul Holmes was seen presenting from a garage using cardboard captions.
Kim Hill, the radio interviewer and host of Face to Face with Kim Hill, is shown with vulture-like qualities, long fingernails and feathers on her dress. She interviews politicians and runs investigative stories such as the PaedoFiles, an investigation on a town called Fiddleton that is inhabited by paedophiles.
Kate Hawkesby, a television personality and anchor for One News. She is shown as incredibly vain and with a penchant for bizarre garments.
Ex-sports stars and TV personalities Matthew Ridge and Marc Ellis were parodied, as well as model Nicky Watson (also played by Darlene Mohekey), Matthew's ex-partner. Jokes on Mark and Matthew focused on their frequent stupid behaviour, while Nicky's involved her attempts to convince others that she was a celebrity.
Background characters.
Both Osama Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein were parodied by the show. In one episode the lighter side of Osama was shown on a cooking show with Peta Mathias. He breached the Koran by drinking a glass of wine because he'd had "a bastard of a day" and stated that Pita should cover her face, not because she was female but because he wasn't into red-heads with freckles. Osama also featured on Paul Holmes' Prime show, with Osama stating that he wasn't concerned about being captured as no one would be watching. Saddam was shown in one skit as a taxi driver in Auckland, parodying the fact that an Auckland taxi driver was convicted of having worked in Saddam's regime. George W. Bush was also parodied for his actions in the Iraqi war.
Tana Umanga, Graham Henry and the All Blacks rugby union team were parodied. The All Blacks were shown as being much less tough than they appear and were shown doing such things as training to be celebrities on the New Zealand version of Dancing with the Stars (a parody of Norm Hewitt an ex-All Black who appeared on the show), performing a Pakehaka (a portmanteau of the words Pakeha (meaning white person) and Haka (the traditional Maori dance)), and performing a Haka based on all the advertisement funds the All Blacks get. Another recurring skit focused on Welsh rugby journalist Stephen Jones following the games who insulted the All Blacks and New Zealand until being attacked by locals. Ma'a Nonu and Gavin Henson's overuse of make-up, hair products and dye was also parodied.
The New Zealand version of the television show Dancing with the Stars was parodied. Sketches included 'Dancing with the MPs', where Don Brash and Jerry Brownlee did an unprepared dance, Rodney Hide did a 'Flat Tax Limbo', Tama Iti and Nikky Watson did a pole dance and Trevor Mallard did an 'NCEA Side-Step'. There was also a parody involving Schapelle Corby's case and a future version of the show, still hosted by Jason Gunn where Invercargill mayor Tim Shadbolt had finally been voted off and was to do a final dance with his new partner, a walking frame.
Other people and events parodied in the show:
The Schapelle Corby case. One sketch was based on the movie The Castle and another on Dancing with the Stars. There was also a skit with Australian Prime Minister John Howard supporting her innocence (due to her body measurements).
The New Zealand movie Whale Rider twice, the first time with leader of the Maori party Tariana Turia on her quest to get decent status, the second a Japanese version involving the illegal killing of whales.
Suzanne Paul (played by Darlene Mohekey), a television personality, in two sketches. One involved a show called 'Do the Bizzo' with Matthew Ridge with an ego-boost massage machine voiced by Nikki Watson. The second involved another show, 'Who wants to be an Ex-Millionaire,' where she answered questions by Tony Veitch and tried to sell him a vibrating pillow that was really "cheap tacky shit".
Kate Moss on an informercial skit selling the product, 'The Kate Moss Super Sucker', which helped people sniff cocaine.
Māori Television, the Maori Language channel. Skits were based on the 'originality of the channel' showing a line-up of what was coming up next with shows that seemed very familiar to English ones, for example, 'Kuia Eye for the Maori Guy' similar to Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. There was also a documentary, funded at around $2 million by the government, about the Maori history of New Zealand. The money was obviously used for other purposes as the show was filmed with plastic toys on a New Zealand map at Aunty Donna's place (a possible reference to Donna Awatere Huata) in five or so minutes. The show parodied the recent debate over whether or not the Maori people were the first to New Zealand by stating, "…there were some natives here before that, but a giant shark came and ate them". The 'giant shark' excuse was also used about the death of the native birds in New Zealand, such as the Moa and Giant Eagle which were hunted to extinction by Maori.
Donna Awatere Huata and her scandal were conveyed in a skit where she taught an illiterate Maori man how to read.
In series four several new characters entered the show, such as the hosts of TV One's 'Breakfast', more rugby players and National's new leader John Key. Also parodied was 3 News' weather girl Toni Marsh, portrayed as slutty in her word usage when reporting the weather and her style of dress.

</doc>
<doc id="2860772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860772" title="Matthew Bingley">
Matthew Bingley

Matthew Bingley (born 16 August 1971 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian former footballer. A utility who can play in midfield or defence, he has played over 300 matches in nearly 20 years at the highest level of domestic football in Australia. Bingley made 14 appearances for the Australian national team, scoring five goals.
Biography.
Club career.
Bingley began playing football with local side Granville before being picked up by state league side Melita Eagles as a junior. He played one match with the Eagles in the New South Wales Division 1 competition at the age of 15 in 1986, and was soon signed by National Soccer League club St. George for 1987. Despite not making an appearance for the Saints during 1987, Bingley made his top-level debut in round 16 of 1988 in a 1–1 draw with the Melbourne Knights. The following season, Bingley's first full year with St. George, he scored 8 goals in 27 appearances to help the team finish 2nd in the premiership. Establishing himself as a regular starting player, he went on to play a further 25 matches in the 1989–90 season, and 12 in 1990–91 before international youth commitments saw him miss part of the season. Upon his return, Bingley played for Granville Chile in the New South Wales 2nd Division until the end of 1991, and then two matches for St. George in the New South Wales Super League at the start of 1992.
Bingley then signed for the Marconi Stallions, and in his first season with the club, made 24 appearances for two goals as they finished second in the premiership before taking the title with a 1–0 win over West Adelaide in the Grand Final. Several more international appearances at the senior level preceded Bingley becoming a regular with the Stallions, and he made a total of 117 league appearances for the club through to the 1996–97 season, scoring 19 goals. During his time there, Marconi missed the finals series just once, and in 1995–96 finished on top of the ladder before falling to the Melbourne Knights in the Grand Final.
1997 saw Bingley move outside Australia for domestic football for the first time, signing with J. League Division 1 club Vissel Kobe in Japan. In the 1997 and 1998 season, Bingley made 24 appearances, and scored two goals. Remaining in Japan, he transferred to JEF United Ichihara, also in J. League Division 1. Bingley played 11 matches for JEF United in 1998 before returning home in time for the launch of new Sydney NSL club Northern Spirit FC towards the end of the year.
Bingley was a regular starting player with the Spirit, and made 60 appearances in his three seasons with the club. Poor finishing positions for the team in 1999–2000 and 2000–01 however, saw Bingley sign with Newcastle United prior to the start of the 2001–02 season. The move initially proved a success for Bingley, as he played in 27 of Newcastle's 29 league matches, and the team finished 2nd on the competition ladder. Losses to Perth Glory and Olympic Sharks, though, saw Newcastle fail to reach the Grand Final. Continuing with the club for 2002–03, Bingley missed just six matches during the season as Newcastle again reached the finals series. The team managed just two wins in the Championship Round, and Bingley signed with eventual Champions Perth Glory for the following season.
Bingley made 26 appearances for Perth in the 2003–04 season, as they topped the Premiership table by six points over Parramatta Power. He played the full 98 minutes in Perth's 1–0 sudden-death extra time win over Parramatta in the Grand Final, securing the last ever NSL Championship. Like many Australian football players at the time, Bingley moved to Malaysia at the closure of the NSL to play with Pahang in the newly formed Malaysian Super League. Despite winning the inaugural premiership, Bingley shortly returned to Australia to captain Central Coast United in the 2004–05 NSWPL.
In mid-2005, Bingley was signed by Pierre Littbarski as part of the Sydney FC squad, who were to compete in the first season of the revamped A-League in Australia. Before the league started, though, Bingley had already made a significant contribution to the club's history by scoring the opening goal in Sydney's 2–0 victory over AS Magenta in the final of the 2004–05 Oceania Club Championship. The victory meant that Sydney FC would represent Oceania at the FIFA Club World Championship, to be held in Japan towards the end of 2005. Bingley made 20 appearances for Sydney throughout the league season, as well as playing in the team's 1–0 victory over African champions Al-Ahly which secured 5th place overall in the CWC. His single league goal for the club came in Sydney's 3–1 away win over the New Zealand Knights. Despite playing the full match in Sydney's 1–0 Grand Final victory, the impressive form of Ruben Zadkovich (on a short-term contract, upgraded to full-time for 2006–07) and the signing of Alex Brosque from Queensland Roar saw Sydney decide to release Bingley at the end of the 2005–06 season. He began playing in the Newcastle Premier League, before a broken collarbone to Robbie Middleby saw Sydney FC re-sign Bingley on a four-week short-term contract to cover for Middleby. He was also brought back to add experience and steel to the Sydney side
After his short term stint with Sydney Olympic Bingley rejoined four time Northern NSW NBN State League Champions Hamilton Olympic for the 2007 season. Matthew had a stellar season after settling into the position of attacking midfield, which saw him claim the club's golden boot award (seven goals) and named best and fairest. But most importantly, he was the driving force behind the club claiming its 5th premiership and 1st since 2001, beating rivals Edgeworth. This maintained Hamilton Olympic's perfect record once reaching the Grand Final. He has re-signed for the 2008 season.
International career.
Bingley has represented Australia at all youth levels, beginning in 1987 when he was selected in the under-16 squad to contest the FIFA U-16 World Championship in Canada. Despite not making an appearance during the tournament, where Australia managed to top their group and reach the quarter-finals, the following year he represented Australia in the schoolboy team. Three years later Bingley was selected in Australia's under-20 squad for the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship in Portugal. Australia topped their group and eventually finished fourth, losing to the hosts in the semi-finals.
In June 1993, Bingley made his senior national team debut during Italian club team AC Milan's tour of Australia. Bingley played a total of 135 minutes in the 0–2 and 0–1 losses. Later in the year, he secured his third international (and first A-class) cap, playing the second half of Australia's 0–1 loss to South Korea in Seoul in the lead-up to Australia's final 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification play-off with Argentina. It took until late 1995 for Bingley to become a more regular player in the Australian team though, and he played two matches against New Zealand in the 1996 Oceania Nations Cup, followed by two friendly matches against Japan in February 1996. In the second of the Japan matches, played at Lakeside Oval in Melbourne, Bingley scored his first ever international goal just seven minutes after replacing captain Paul Wade, to seal a 3–0 victory for Australia. After playing in the second leg of the 1996 ONC, Bingley added a further two goals to his international tally in two consecutive matches against New Zealand and South Korea in January 1997. A match against Norway provided Bingley's 11th international cap, and he played a further two matches during Australia's 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification attempt. Scoring once in Australia's 5–0 victory over Tahiti, Bingley was recalled to the squad again in October for a friendly, and added his 5th international goal as Australia defeated Tunisia 3–0. His final two matches for Australia came in the 1997 Intercontinental Cup for Nations, coming on as a substitute in both the 0–0 draw against Brazil in the group stages and Australia's 6–0 loss in the tournament final, also against Brazil.
Honours.
With Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="2860775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860775" title="James Cranston">
James Cranston

James Cranston (9 January 1859 in Bordesley, Birmingham – 10 December 1904 in Bristol) was an amateur cricketer who was educated at Taunton College in Somerset and went on to play 103 first-class cricket matches for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club between 1876 and 1899. He also played for Warwickshire County Cricket Club in 1886 and 1887, which was before Warwickshire gained first-class status. He also played one Test match for England against Australia in 1890.
Although he only played in that one Test, at the Oval at the end of the 1890 season, it was a low-scoring match, and his innings were important in England's two wicket victory, which saw them win the Ashes. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" said of his innings that that "his defence under very trying conditions against the bowling of Turner and Ferris was masterly". Cranston played no more Test cricket, and his career all but came to an end a year later after suffering a fit whilst playing the game, although he was able to return briefly eight years later.

</doc>
<doc id="2860790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860790" title="Internal code">
Internal code

The term internal code is a word-for-word translation of the Chinese term neima (內碼, 内码; pinyin: nèimă; jyutping: noi6 maa5). The term is primarily used by Chinese people.
Originally referring to the encoding used “internally” by a Chinese system, it refers to the encoding of a character in some character set, or to the character encoding being used. It is not an encoding in itself, and the actual encoding being referred to has to be determined by context.
On any computer system, the internal code is the native encoding being used. For example, in a Big5-based system (e.g., Microsoft Windows 3.1 localized for traditional Chinese), the internal code is Big5; similarly, in a GB-based system (e.g., DOS running CCDOS), the internal code would be GB2312. On many modern operating systems (such as all modern Microsoft Windows systems), the internal code is a form of Unicode.
Within a particular encoding, the internal code of a certain character simply means the value of the code point used to represent that character. For example, in the Big5 encoding, the character "一" (Chinese, lit. "one") has the internal code of A440 (hexadecimal); in the GB encoding, the same character has the internal code of D2BB.
The "neima method".
The internal code can be used as an input method for inputting Han characters. This input method is usually called 內碼 in Chinese and is usually provided for Big5 and GB internal codes; in English, it may be variously called “neima”, “internal code”, “raw code”, or other similar names.
For example, in a Big5-based system, one can input the character 一 by typing “A440” using the “internal code” input method. On the other hand, in a GB-based system, to input the character one would itype “D2BB”.
NeiMa expects the user to input the desired character by providing its value within the user-chosen character set.
For example, to input the Chinese character "不" (Pinyin "bù" - English "not") one can start the Neima editor, switch to Unicode character encoding mode and then type "bù"'s hexadecimal value within Unicode's table, which is 4E0D. 
NeiMa is a very awkward way of typing in characters, as a user would need to know the code points of all needed characters.
More generally speaking, NeiMa in Unicode mode accepts any code point within the Unicode table, so users are not limited to inputting Chinese characters, but also any other character that can be found within the Unicode table. For example, Latin Capital Letter A, A, may be inputted with NeiMa using A's Unicode code point, which is 0041.
On a Unicode-based system, one might be able to input a character by typing its Unicode number in hexadecimal. Such an input method might also be called “neima”, or it might be called “Unicode”.
On a JIS-based system (Japanese), there might be a "kuten" input method that allows characters to be input using a form of the internal code called the "kuten form"; this kind of input method is called "quwei" on GB-based systems (Chinese). Although the kuten (quwei) form is related to the internal code, such input methods are not usually referred as “internal code” input methods.
The use of an “internal code” input method to input characters would not be normally very practical. However, it is useful for inputting special symbols that may otherwise be impossible to input using other input methods. However, the user would need to have a table of characters with their internal codes.

</doc>
<doc id="2860792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860792" title="Bukit Peninsula">
Bukit Peninsula

The Bukit Peninsula (Indonesian:"Semenanjung Bukit") is at the southern end of the island of Bali, Indonesia. It is traditionally considered to be all the area south of Jimbaran beach. Unlike the bulk of the rest of the island, it features a dry, arid and stoney landscape. The Indonesian government has encouraged the development of the area — instead of more fertile land — for large upmarket tourist facilities. It is a popular destination for surfers. "Bukit" means 'hill' in Indonesian. It is administered under Kuta South District.
This area has undergone large scale investment and growth during the early 2000s, partially owing to its proximity to the Ngurah Rai International Airport (the only international one in Bali) and the stunning ocean views from its cliff tops. In 2006 a new golf course (Bali's 4th) started construction. The bukit now hosts such international hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="2860793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860793" title="KSPS">
KSPS

KSPS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860794" title="Robbie Middleby">
Robbie Middleby

Robert Middleby (born 9 August 1975 in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia) is a former Australian football (soccer) player who is the CEO for the Newcastle Jets in the A-League.
Biography.
Club career.
He played for Sydney FC after earlier stints at Newcastle United Jets, Wollongong Wolves (twice), Carlton, Football Kingz and the Newcastle Breakers. He won the 2001 NSL title with the Wolves and the 2006 A-League title with Sydney FC and also spent time overseas with German outfit KFC Uerdingen 05.
Sydney FC.
Middleby saw little game time under coach Pierre Littbarski in his first season at the club, playing only 212 minutes in 16 appearances despite scoring in Sydney FC's 3–1 victory against New Zealand Knights early in the campaign. He gained favour, though, under Littbarski's replacement Terry Butcher and was a regular starter in the 2006–07 season. Despite missing part of the season with a broken collarbone after a controversial off-the-ball incident involving Melbourne Victory defender Adrian Leijer, Middleby was voted Sydney FC Players' Player of the Year for the season.
Middleby is famous for accidentally breaking David Beckham's rib, when Sydney FC played the Los Angeles Galaxy at ANZ Stadium in November 2007. Sydney ended up winning 5–3. Middleby also scored in the match.
North Queensland Fury.
In November 2008, Middleby signed a contract with North Queensland Fury. He has been used in his more preferred role of right back, as well as being used in central midfield under coach Ian Ferguson. On 11 February 2010, he announced his retirement from professional football at the end of the 2009–10 season Middleby played his last game against Gold Coast United, which North Queensland won 2–1.
Newcastle Jets.
Middleby is now the CEO for the Newcastle Jets in the Hyundai A-League.
Honours.
With Sydney FC:
With Wollongong Wolves:
Personal Honours:

</doc>
<doc id="2860797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860797" title="Alberton, Victoria">
Alberton, Victoria

Alberton is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located along the South Gippsland Highway, 6 kilometres south of Yarram and 216 kilometres east of Melbourne. Albert River passes through the town. At the 2006 census, Alberton had a population of 162.
The township was surveyed in 1842 and named after Prince Albert, the husband of Queen Victoria. Initially the township consisted of two settlements, one named Alberton and the other named Victoria, which were separated by Victoria Street (renamed Brewery Road in 1847).
Alberton Post Office opened on 10 January 1856. An earlier Alberton office opened in 1842 was renamed Port Albert some days earlier.
The town's population grew steadily. Stores, hotels, and churches were built, as well as the Police Magistrate and Court of Petty Sessions. By the 1880s the town's growth stagnated. The announcement of new railway line increased growth, with new houses and factories being built. Shire Offices were planned for the town, but in 1897 the location was changed to nearby Yarram. This led to many businesses moving to Yarram, and by 1921 the railway had been extended there.
Today, Alberton is a small cattle grazing community. There is also a primary school which was built in 1858 and celebrated its 150th birthday in 2008. The Victoria Hotel, built in 1890, still stands.

</doc>
<doc id="2860802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860802" title="Malawian food crisis">
Malawian food crisis

In 2002, there was a famine in Malawi with death estimates ranging from 300 to 3,000, according to ActionAid. 85 percent of Malawians’ primary source of income comes from agriculture, and maize is the primary crop grown and consumed. Therefore, when the IMF reported that the 2000/2001 maize harvest fell from 2.5 million to 1.7 million metric tons, creating a national deficit of 273,000 metric tons, many were affected. In February 2002, the Malawi government announced that there was a food emergency and that the country was in a State of Disaster. The harvest in the latter half of 2002 alleviated the worst of the famine, but in 2005, a drought prompted a food crisis. On October 15, 2005, the government, led by President Bingu wa Mutharika, declared another national disaster. Malawi has since recovered from the 2005 crisis, but it is currently facing another food shortage.
History.
Scholars trace back Malawi’s food crisis to 1991 and 1992, when a drought in southern Africa severely reduced Malawi’s maize production. The price of maize shot up: the cost of maize, which is 54% of the average caloric intake for Malawians, almost doubled between 1992 and 1993. Although there was a maize surplus in 1993 due to improved rainfall and government-subsidized hybrid maize seed and fertilizer, food consumption did not increase because of people’s eating and coping habits during the famine.
Since then, periodic droughts and floods have continued to affect Malawi. Between 1990 and 2006, there were 33 weather-related disasters, a rise from the 7 that occurred between 1970 and 1989, according to ActionAid. Malawi’s economy is heavily agricultural; most people survive on their own harvest and sell the excess to make a small income. The high number and increasing severity of droughts and floods since 1990 has impacted much of the country’s population—farmers had little ability to adapt to or recover from disasters, making them more vulnerable to future events, and the cycle of poverty and hunger worsened. From the early 1970s to 1994, the government subsidized hybrid maize growth. When the government stopped this program because it was becoming too expensive support, maize production fell and price increased again.
Contributing factors.
Political.
After gaining independence in 1962, Malawi was under the presidency of Hastings Banda. Although the people had voting rights, Malawi was a one-party state, and Banda was the leader of the Malawi Congress Party (MCP), the only existing party at the time. Banda therefore had the authority of a dictator, and there were many human rights violations during his reign such as the killings of political dissenters. It wasn’t until 1993 when people voted for a multiparty state that Banda and the MCP were voted out of power. A new constitution was established in 1995, creating a government with an executive, unicameral legislative, and judicial branch. In 1998, under the democratic presidency of Makili Muluzi, the government established the National Food Reserve Agency (NFRA) to manage the strategic grain reserve in disaster relief. The NFRA, a government-owned agency with a board of trustees appointed by the Malawian government, and it managed not only the physical grain reserve, but also the finances and imports and exports involved with the reserve.
However, the NFRA quickly incurred a debt of 1 billion Malawian kwacha (MK) due to the high interest rate of 56% at which it bought 165,000 metric tons of maize, according to the IMF. In 2001, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) recommended that the government sell the grain reserve because harvest had been ample in 2000. There seemed to be little use for such a large reserve, and the grain itself was rotting. The IMF’s recommendation also came as a result of a 2000 study requested by the European Commission that showed that only 30,000-60,000 metric tons of maize would be necessary to support the country in the case of a localized disaster. Maintaining such a large supply of maize is expensive, and the study recommended developing better importation strategies in the case of an unexpectedly large food crisis. NFRA followed the IMF’s advice and sold a majority of its reserve to Kenya and Mozambique decreasing the reserve from 165,000 metric tons of maize to 60,000. One of the popular opinions about the causes of the food crisis, according to a 2002 ActionAid report, is that the food crisis was in part caused by the IMF's advice to sell the grain reserve. However, the IMF and ActionAid recognize that the grain was old and expensive to store, and at the time, it made sense to advise NFRA to sell.
By 2002, when the worst of the famine hit, the grain reserve was depleted, and the government did not have any additional resources. The situation was exacerbated by the government’s poor preparation in replenishing the reserve sources as they were used. Furthermore, private traders bought out much of the grain reserve, and resold it at excessive prices when food was scarce in 2001. The government began importing maize from neighboring countries and abroad, but the maize was slow to arrive. From congested roads to inefficiently rerouted trucks and overcrowded ports, there were a variety of transportation bottlenecks that delayed the arrival of food aid. Additionally, poor relationships with some donor countries made them slow to respond; many were suspicious of the IMF’s involvement in depleting the strategic grain reserve, and others were wary of government corruption.
Furthermore, the current policies in place to address food crises are insufficient. Malawi's policies for disaster management, called the National Adaptation Programme of Action (NAPA), do not take into consideration gender and health, only agriculture and environment. Most disaster and climate change management occurs on a national level, and not all policies and practices trickle down to local communities; district leaders in Nsanje and Salima did not know that the NAPA existed when asked in 2006.
Economic.
In 2009, the UN reported that 80% of Malawi’s population was rural; there are few industry- or service-related jobs. Some were able to work on large tobacco plantations, find jobs in cities, or migrate to neighboring countries for low-wage jobs, but there are few openings. Britannica Online claims that in the 2000s, over 80% of the population worked in agriculture. Approximately 33% of the national GDP came from agriculture, as well as over 50% of the export earnings (namely tobacco, sugar, tea, and cotton).
Malawi’s current economy is neither completely liberal (a laissez-faire market), nor completely regulated (a state-regulated market). ADMARC, a government-owned corporation and one of the primary suppliers of maize, controls some of the market and subsidizes food. A study by the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy found that the market price of maize increased from 4MK/kg in June 2001 to 40+MK/kg in January 2002. The daily wage for workers, however, remained the same at 20MK/day. The liberalization of the market, especially in regards to the loss of control by ADMARC, has made tracking and controlling the maize market difficult. The price of maize is dependent on the market, and the NFRA does not have the power to intervene in the market.
Malawi’s agricultural policies are also problematic: the country’s food supply is heavily reliant on maize, and efforts to diversify crops have been unsuccessful. Therefore, a majority of its population suffered when the crop production, especially maize production, failed in 2001, because people could no longer grow food for themselves and did not have an income to purchase food.
Tobacco, the main export product in Malawi, has declined in international sales. Since the 1980s, its revenue has decreased by 50%, and thus the income and purchasing power of small farmers has decreased, according to the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy. In 2000/2001, many small farmers failed to repay their private and government loans. Therefore, in 2001/2002, many were unable to receive credit with which to buy seeds and fertilizer for their crops. Other efforts to strengthen the agricultural sector such as encouraging mixed land usage, improving irrigation schemes, offering crop storage and protection, constructing roads and buildings, and providing credit and marketing opportunities, have been mainly offered to estate farmers, not small farmers.
Social and health.
Poverty is widespread in Malawi, with 50% of its population living under the poverty line of $2/day according to the World Bank. The rural poor were especially vulnerable to the food crisis because they could not afford to buy food when their harvests failed.
A 2002 ActionAid report speculates that since 1994, when democracy was established in Malawi, there has been a social shift away from community solidarity. During the 1991/1992 drought, communities banded together and supported one another, giving food and employment to those that needed it. During the 2001/2002 food crisis, however, people's philosophies changed to an “anarchic mob justice,” an “everyone for himself” attitude, according to the 2002 ActionAid report.
HIV/AIDS in Malawi is widespread: in 2012, the Malawian Government estimated that the disease affected about 17% of urban Malawians and 9% of rural Malawians. Households with adults affected by HIV/AIDS and households without adults due to HIV/AIDS have significantly lower agricultural productivity. Not only are those with HIV/AIDS prevented from working the fields, but other people must take care of them and a portion of the household income must go to medication and funerals. Thus, the prevalence of HIV/AIDS has made many Malawians vulnerable during the food crisis. During the 2002 famine, 70% of deaths in hospitals were due to HIV/AIDS.
Ecological.
The soil in Malawi is in poor condition due to many farmers’ historical inability to afford fertilizer. There are few easy solutions to maintaining soil fertility; Malawi is too poor to import organic materials to restore soil nutrients, and land is too scarce to allocate large plots of land to soil restoration. Individual farmers cannot afford fertilizer for their land. Therefore, food production levels are also largely affected by declining soil fertility and land shortages.
Poor land use and deforestation have also been suggested to play a role in the increasing droughts and floods. Large tobacco farms have replaced forests, and commercial farmers have cut down reeds along rivers that control flooding, which has lead to more severe floods.
Climatological.
A 2006 ActionAid report suggests that global warming has contributed to the food shortage in Malawi by changing the climate. As rainfall patterns change and temperatures increase, the length of the productive growing season decreases and farmers must purchase more costly hybrid crops in order to obtain an adequate harvest. Some farmers shifted their maize season from November to December, while others shifted it earlier, in order to handle the changing weather. As aforementioned, the increasing frequency of droughts and floods has made farmers especially vulnerable to food shortages.
The rainfall in 2000/2001 and 2001/2002 was sporadic, with recurrent dry spells and floods that prevented sufficient harvests. Many farmers, in order to cope with the unpredictable weather, harvested their crops prematurely, which further decreased the crop production in 2001/2002. Furthermore, the changing weather patterns made the methods of predicting crop prediction unreliable; the existing warning systems that predicted crop production based on weather forecasts and regular crop assessments only predicted that a decrease in maize production in the 2001/2002 season would be compensated for by an increase in other crops such as roots and tubers production. However, all crops suffered in the 2001/2002 season. Thus, the government was unprepared for a food crisis in 2002.
Response & relief efforts.
The Malawian government implemented a fertilizer subsidy program called the Farm Input Subsidy Program (FISP) in 2005, under which the government subsidized fertilizer and seed to vulnerable farmers. Fertilizer was priced at $7 per 50 kg bag, a marked discount from the market price of $27 per 50 kg bag. A study by Michigan State University found that although the erratic rainfalls curbed the program’s effectiveness in 2005/2006, improved weather in 2007 allowed the program to flourish and Malawi had a record maize harvest of 3.4 million tons, a surplus of 1.4 million. As a result, in 2007, Malawi was able to export maize for profit and donate maize to other countries in need; Zimbabwe imported 40,000 metric tons of maize from Malawi, and Lesotho and Swaziland both received 5,000 metric tons of maize donated by Malawi.
International and local NGOS, including the World Food Programme (WFP), the EU, UK, and USAID, donated food to Malawi after it was declared a state of disaster in 2002. In 2005, the WFP estimated that its food aid was feeding 11% of Malawi’s population.
Long-term effects.
Health.
The food crisis has made children especially vulnerable to malnutrition and disease. In 2006, UNICEF estimated that 46% of children under five were chronically malnourished and 19% were underweight. Since 1992, when the roots of the food crisis began, children’s nutritional status has not changed.
In 2001/2002 and 2005/2006, during seasons of severe food shortage, there were large cholera outbreaks throughout the country. UNICEF recognized that the outbreaks were prompted by poor hygiene and unsafe water sources compounded with the food crisis, which made people susceptible to disease. Similarly, a study conducted by Save The Children UK in February 2002 found that the food crisis affected people's health by causing swelling in the hands and feet of both adults and children.
The food shortage has resulted in several thousand hunger-related deaths; the exact numbers are unknown. Many of these deaths have further exacerbated the problem of HIV/AIDS, leaving those afflicted by the disease especially vulnerable and also producing a large orphan population. UNICEF estimates that 17% of children do not have living parents due to HIV/AIDS.
During the peak of the food crisis, from April to May 2002, the WHO conducted a health assessment in Malawi. It found that between October 2001 and March 2002, there was an average of 1.9 deaths per 10,000 every day. There was a cholera epidemic with 33,150 detected cases and 981 deaths, a fatality rate of 3%. Yet, the number of people seeking aid at health facilities decreased by 25% in that same period. The study suggested that the health facilities were crippled by shortages of staff and drugs and poor communication and transportation systems. As people began to prioritize food security over all else, health and seeking treatment at poorly-maintained health facilities fell to the wayside.
Starving people began to eat unsafe roots, maize cobs, sawdust, and boiled fruits and contracted food poisoning and other stomach illnesses. A report in The Lancet found that many families, even considerably wealthy ones, in Nsanje, a southern district in Malawi, were eating water-lily bulbs called nyika. These bulbs, which used to be considered snack foods but are now staple foods, cause diarrhea if eaten in abundance. In one instance, the eldest son of a family of ten found a collection of poisonous yams. The father gave the children and mother the yams to eat because they had no other food; he did not eat the yams himself because he prioritized his children's hunger and his wife's hunger over his own. The mother and all eight children died, one after another, due to vomiting and food poisoning.
Policy.
The government’s food security policy, the FISP, has raised agricultural productivity. As aforementioned, maize production surpassed domestic demand after the implementation of FISP. Between 2005 and 2011, Malawi’s GDP grew at an average of 11.7% per year, and many experts contributed the agricultural GDP growth to FISP. However, recent studies have suggested that FISP is not a sustainable program: as the number of needy households increase, the amount of fertilizer and seed provided has decreased from 85 kg per farmer in 2005/2006 to 60 kg per farmer in 2012/2013.
New food security policies were developed in 2002 and 2003. The Malawi Poverty Reduction Strategy was a framework policy document intended to direct and inform budget decisions for the central government. At the heart of the policy were economic growth, human capital, safety nets, and governance; by making budget decisions that encouraged agricultural economic growth and create effective safety nets, the government could promote food security and food availability. The Ministry of Agriculture collaborated with civil society organizations, other ministries, private companies, and donors to create a Food and Nutrition Security Policy. The policy aimed to: 1) increase food availability by extending irrigation systems and access to fertilizer and land, 2) strengthen the rural market, 3) create a number of health and dietary guidelines and services, and 4) establish and strengthen disaster management plans, the strategic grain reserve, and food production monitoring/predicting systems. Finally, the Ministry of Economic Planning and Development developed a growth strategy policy that would increase access to food by promoting trade and investment in rural Malawi to increase income and employment opportunities.
Culture and society.
During the food crisis, people began to change their lifestyles to obtain food. Some have begun taking casual jobs in exchange for food. Many have sold household items and livestock at low prices to purchase food, making it difficult for them to regain stability after the food crisis. Some have migrated to Zambia and other neighboring countries to work for low wages or food.
The food crisis has also had an impact on education. In some areas, the dropout rate has increased to 25% due to hunger. Many skip school in order to work or search for food, while others can no longer afford the school fees. Some teachers have complained that schools have lost their control over students because they cannot force students to stay, study, or do their homework if they are hungry and sick. UNICEF claims that in some areas where the food crisis is especially severe, one-half to three-quarters of school-aged children have stopped going to school. In response to this drop in school attendance, UNICEF and WFP began implementing programs that fed children in school and provide extra support and materials to teachers and staff. UNICEF reported that the program brought a "great improvement" in school attendance, in some cases even causing school buildings to overflow with children seeking food.
The overall social order has also worsened, as people have begun stealing from their neighbors, abandoning children, fighting for food, and exchanging sex for food. Theft of food and money has become much more common. In some areas, captured thieves are tortured and mutilated as punishment. The elderly, orphans, and women are increasingly vulnerable, not only because it is more difficult for them to provide for themselves, but also because they are bigger targets for theft and violence. In 2005, many women reported being attacked at the ADMARC market when purchasing their allotted 25 kg of maize. The price of sex work has decreased from MK1000 to MK200, heightening the risk for women and girls that must engage in such behaviors at a higher rate to earn money. The social structure of marriage has also changed as a result of the food crisis: many girls were forced to marry young because their families could not support them during the food crisis, leading to an increase in failed and abusive marriages. Other married men and women turned to infidelity to earn money and food, again leading to an increase in failed and abusive marriages.
There is a personal account of the famine by William Kamkwamba in his book "The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind." At the age of 14, Kamkwamba dropped out of school because his family could no longer afford the tuition. He began studying electronics in the local library and realized that he could use wind power to supply electricity to his village. His first windmill was used to power light bulbs and charge cell phones; others were used to pump irrigation systems and clean water wells. His story gained national publicity in 2007, from TED talks to The Daily Show, and his windmill projects gained the support of donors from around the world. According to the novel, the government estimate of famine deaths appears to be severely understated.
Current food shortage.
The maize harvest in 2012 decreased by 7% from 2011, and harsh flooding at the beginning of 2013 in southern Malawi destroyed 10,000 homes, according to a 2013 report by the Global Policy Forum. The Malawi Vulnerability Assessment Committee estimated in 2012–2013 that 2 million people were suffering from food shortages. In July 2012, the World Food Programme reported that “households in parts of the country have harvested almost nothing.” The World Bank estimated that Malawi would require at least 57,000 metric tons of maize in the 2013/2014 season in order to address the food scarcity. The price of maize increased by 162% in 2013, due to low harvest, high cost of transportation, and devaluing of the MK. In July 2013, the UK announced that it would donate $20 million to Malawi for the “looming food crisis.”
ADMARC has rationed maize sales to 10 kg per person. The Ministry of Agriculture claimed that this policy was created to prevent vendors from buying all the maize and reselling it to the poor at higher prices. However, news reporters from Blantyre Newspapers Limited, a Malawi-based news publisher, have found that ADMARC itself may also be suffering from a grain shortage because people have reported not being able to receive even their allotted 10 kg of grain.

</doc>
<doc id="2860808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860808" title="The Driver's Seat (film)">
The Driver's Seat (film)

Identikit (also known as "The Driver's Seat") is a 1974 film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi.
Based on the novella "The Driver's Seat" by Muriel Spark, it is a psychological drama starring Elizabeth Taylor, Ian Bannen and featuring Andy Warhol.

</doc>
<doc id="2860811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860811" title="Far Cry Instincts">
Far Cry Instincts

Far Cry Instincts is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by Ubisoft for Xbox that was released on September 27, 2005. A remake of the original PC version of "Far Cry", "Instincts" is less open-ended and more linear, due to the console's reduced processing power which prevents the full rendering of the PC version's vast islands and landscape. However, "Instincts" added new multiplayer modes, weapons, and feral abilities, the latter being reflected in the modified storyline. Ports of the game were also planned for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube but were canceled.
An arcade version developed by Global VR was released in 2007 under the name "Paradise Lost".
Ubisoft has released a sequel, "Far Cry Instincts: Evolution" for the Xbox. Also released was "Far Cry Instincts: Predator" for the Xbox 360, which contains both "Far Cry Instincts" and "Evolution" running in high definition mode.
Plot.
The game follows the story of a man named Jack Carver. Carver is a former service member of the United States Navy, who was dishonorably discharged following a number of illegal actions. Afterwards, he sets up a shop in Manhattan and began supplying illegal arms to anyone and everyone, until a gang performed a hit using weapons supplied by Jack against a Mafia heir. Consequently, a price was put on his head by the Mob and he was forced to flee the United States and settle in Micronesia.
Carver purchased a used boat from a government auction and spent his time ferrying tourists and diving clubs around the area. Eventually, a woman named Valerie Cortez shows up, offering a large sum if Jack would take her to a remote archipelago known as "Jacutan". Carver accepts, albeit with caution.
Upon arriving at Jacutan, Cortez borrows a jet-ski from Jack and heads off on her own. Unworried, Jack decides to nap until she returns. When he awakes, Carver is startled to find UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters flying around his boat. They open fire on him, destroying his boat and force him to take cover inside a nearby wrecked Japanese aircraft carrier.
At this point, the player assumes control. After a brief introduction level, the player acquires a headset and is directed by a mysterious voice who calls himself "Doyle". As it turns out, Cortez is part of the CIA and came to rescue Doyle. Doyle had been on a mission to expose the works of a mad scientist named Dr. Krieger. Krieger, along with his right-hand man, an ex-Apartheid officer named Colonel Richard Crowe, were attempting to develop a serum that would enhance the physical abilities of man and "unlock" hidden animal traits.
Doyle convinces Carver to find and rescue Cortez, who has been captured by Crowe and his mercenaries. While covering Cortez, Carver himself is captured by Crowe on the orders of Doctor Krieger, who notes Carver's resourcefulness and tenacity and decided he would make a good test subject. Carver is injected with the serum and is to be transported to an observation area when he recovers prematurely and escapes and discovers, to his shock, that he has new "feral abilities", such as increased speed, night vision and a violent melee attack.
Along with the feral powers comes an implant designed to regulate the serum's effects and allows for specialized weapons to be used against Carver. Doyle commands Carver to find his way to Doyle's position, so that the implant can be removed. Along the way, Carver has to prevent a mercenary computer programmer from deciphering a pocket PC that belongs to Cortez, which would, in turn, blow Doyle's cover. Descending into an old World War II-era Japanese bunker to stop the decryption, Jack is cornered by the mercenaries as he attempts to escape. He retreats through an old underground mining complex and follows Doyle's instructions to the main research facility. Carver then makes his way to the facility, where he discovers the extent of Krieger's work and the mutant monsters he has created. While in the facility, Carver discovers Crowe is gathering the mutants for an unknown purpose and then later, he finally meets with Doyle, who frees Carver from the implant. Upon having the implant removed, Jack begins to exhibit uncontrolled evolution; in game terms, the adrenaline cost for his abilities decreases and he gains the ability to carry and wield mounted weapons like the .50 caliber machine gun.
As Jack escapes the research facility, he discovers that Crowe has taken Doyle and the mutant serum and has unleashed the mutants in a plot to betray Krieger. Jack must fight through the middle of a war between Crowe's mercenaries, the feral mutants and an elite group of special forces under Krieger's personal command, under orders to "sanitize" Crowe's troops. Rescuing Doyle, Carver discovers that Crowe has injected himself with a quadruple dose of the serum Jack received and without an implant. Assuming control of the "Alpha" creatures, the most powerful and intelligent mutants with abilities similar to Jack's own, Crowe has gone straight to Kreiger's base of operations. Jack follows and fights his way to Dr. Krieger's mansion atop an active volcano, where he battles and defeats the physically deformed Crowe. Krieger, in a last-ditch effort to use the Alphas against Jack, realizes that they now view Jack as their leader due to his victory over Crowe. The mutants turn on Dr. Krieger and kill him, viewing him as a threat to Jack, and thus allow him to escape as the volcano erupts. Jack is able to retreat onto a Black Hawk piloted by Cortez and Doyle, who promise to pay for a new boat to replace his destroyed one; Doyle also promises that they "can do one better" and slides a metal case to Jack, who opens it and laughs cryptically at the unseen contents as the helicopter flies away.
The game includes subtle thematic elements relating to the dangers of genetic engineering and the genocide of local islanders, as can be seen by the deformed creatures created by Krieger. Also, a mysterious backdrop relating to dinosaurs is revealed via in-game radios that will sometimes carry programs that discuss the history of dinosaurs and the possibility that some might still be alive. This is further developed by appearance of lizard-like animals (which resemble small dinosaurs) that reside in the jungles on the island.
The terrain in "Far Cry: Instincts" varies greatly. Set on a South Pacific archipelago, the landscape includes tropical rainforests, dense jungles, towering canyons, mines, swamps, and even volcanic forests.
Features.
The major gameplay addition to "Far Cry: Instincts" that was not present in the PC version is the aforementioned "Feral Ability". There is also a trap system that allows the player to create a booby trap by wrapping a spiked tree branch around nearby foliage. When an unsuspecting NPC walks by, they are killed by the branch-whip. Claymore mines are also available, and can be set up in the paths of enemies for devastating results. These traps can be employed in multiplayer as well. There is also a map editor that allows the player to create his own maps with access to many vehicles, guns, buildings, trees; and the ability to change the landscape. Water can not be added; it is at a constant height and a player can choose whether or not water is accessible by making the land higher or lower. They may upload the maps and use them on Xbox Live to play against friends.
Sequel and remakes.
"Evolution".
A sequel to "Far Cry Instincts", sharing the same name except for the addition of the subtitle "Evolution", was released for the Xbox on March 27, 2006. "Evolution" includes a new single-player campaign, although it is considerably shorter than the campaign found in the original "Far Cry Instincts". The storyline picks up a while after "Instincts". Jack is hired by a woman named Kade for an arms deal between pirates and the government in Micronesia. The deal then is under attack by rebels led by a native Chieftain named Semeru, who along with his elite warriors, exhibit the same feral abilities as Jack, who is framed for the attack. After fleeing to a safehouse with Kade, Jack is confronted by Doyle, who is here for damage-control. He offers Jack and Kade amnesty in exchange for their help in destroying a refinery under rebel hands. After successfully doing so, Doyle is wounded and Kade is captured by rebels. Jack saves Doyle due in part to him knowing the way out of the jungle, but while finding transport, Doyle is captured by rebels. After tracking Doyle's blood through the jungle and base built in the forest canopy, Jack finds Doyle dead at the footsteps of a mountain temple. Jack then makes his way through the temple where he encounters Semeru again, who taunts that without focus or devotion, Carver is just a fake with powers he does not deserve. He then captures Jack and reveals that Kade gave him the money from the deal as well as to help kill Jack. Kade then wounds Jack before Semeru attacks him. Jack manages to defeat Semeru, and kills him by impaling him on bamboo rubble. Carver then confronts Kade, who pleads that there was no other way she could save her own life. Instead of killing her however, Jack gives her back the deal money saying "Save your tears. In another time I would've done the same. It's all too... human". 
"Evolution" also includes new weapons and vehicles, as well as an expanded map-maker and an extra multiplayer mode. It is not backwards compatible with the Xbox 360, and maps that are created on the Xbox version of 'Instincts' cannot be transferred to the Xbox 360 version.
"Far Cry Vengeance" is a Wii title that is a port/remake of "Evolution".
"Predator".
"Far Cry Instincts: Predator", an Xbox 360 title, was released on the same day as "Evolution". It includes graphically enhanced versions of both "Far Cry Instincts" and "Evolution". It featured a map editor in which the player can create maps. Characters on online play are basic clones of Jack Carver but can be edited, the character still has the tattoo "Karma" on his shooting arm.
"Paradise Lost".
"Paradise Lost" is a rail shooter arcade game port of "Far Cry Instincts" developed by Global VR and published by Ubisoft in 2007. Its light guns are similar to those of "". Players use stationary turrets armed with rockets and grenades as power-ups.
Reception.
"Far Cry Instincts".
The first "Far Cry Instincts" was met with positive reception, as GameRankings gave it a score of 86.57%, while Metacritic gave it 85 out of 100.
"Evolution".
"Evolution" was again met with positive reception, although slightly less than the first game; GameRankings gave it a score of 76.62%, while Metacritic gave it 78 out of 100.
"Predator".
"Predator" was once again met with the same positive reception as the first two games; GameRankings gave it a score of 77.03%, while Metacritic gave it 78 out of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="2860814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860814" title="John Buonavoglia">
John Buonavoglia

Gianpaolo "John" Buonavoglia (born 19 October 1975) is an Australian footballer.
Biography.
Buonavoglia played for a number of NSW clubs including NSL side Parramatta Power. He signed for Sydney FC in 2005 shortly after the mutual termination of defender Steve Laurie's contract. Prior to this, Buonavoglia made a number of short-term contract appearances for the club, most notably in the Oceania Club Championship 2004-05.
Following his first A-League start on 30 October 2005 against Newcastle Jets, Sydney FC were informed by Football Federation Australia of a "mix up over his registration papers" which prevented him from making another appearance. Bounovoglia however made an appearance in the FIFA Club World Championship 2005 in Japan. 
Buonavoglia now plays with Balmain FC in NSW State League 1. Buonavoglia represented Australia in 2005 at the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup. Buonavoglia is remembered by Newcastle Breakers' fans for collecting the ball from deep inside his own half and embarking on a mazy run, beating many defenders before crossing from the byline to the near post for Andy Harper to head the ball into the net.

</doc>
<doc id="2860815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860815" title="Alfredton, Victoria">
Alfredton, Victoria

Alfredton is a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, west of the CBD. The population at the 2006 census was 5,796 making it the fourth most populated in the Ballarat urban area.
Alfredton is located west of Lake Wendouree along Sturt Street. The suburb has some of Ballarat's best known landmarks including the Arch of Victory, a World War I memorial which once marked the entrance to Ballarat and the start of Ballarat's Avenue of Honour, the longest war memorial roadside plantation in Australia, which extends 18 km to the Western Freeway. 
Originally part of Cardigan and known by that name, the present area was named in honour of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh following his visit to Ballarat in 1867.
The Alfredton area is central to Western Ballarat's growth corridor, an area where suburban development is encouraged by the City of Ballarat and State Government of Victoria. Most of urban Ballarat's subdivision for new housing estates is happening in Greenfield land to the south, north and west of the Avenue of Honour. Large estates include "The Chase" and "Insignia".
History.
The Post Office opened on 1 August 1868.
Originally part of Cardigan and known by that name, the present area was named in honour of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh following the royal visit to Ballarat in 1867.
Urban form and housing.
While a small section of the original township and main roads are grid plan, the majority of Alfredton's residential areas have been developed under the concepts of street hierarchy with looped streets and cul-de-sacs and almost all single-family detached homes. As a result while the suburban streets are quiet the main roads around Alfredton are particularly busy.
Transport.
The main form of transport in Alfredton is the private motor car and Alfredton can be classed as a car dependent suburb.
There are two different urban bus services servicing the suburb, both of which run regularly to the city. The suburb is serviced by Ballarat Taxis, a co-operative taxi network.
The former Redan Junction railway line servicing the Ballarat Saleyards and the Redan industrial precinct previously bisected the suburb, but this line was closed in 1997. The line has since been completely lifted, though the reservation remains unoccupied.
The nearest railway station is Wendouree 3 km to the north.
Parks and open space.
Golfers play at the course of the Ballarat Golf Club on Sturt Street in the suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="2860821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860821" title="Combat (arcade game)">
Combat (arcade game)

Combat was an Exidy shooting gallery arcade game released in 1985. In this war themed shooting game, the player had to protect his/her army in combat in a variety of combat theatres. Using the light gun, the player protected troops, tanks, and airplanes from attackers while destroying various enemy structures that must be demolished in order to beat a particular level.
A prototype variation of this game by Exidy also exists called "Catch-22".

</doc>
<doc id="2860826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860826" title="Queensland state election, 2006">
Queensland state election, 2006

An election was held in the Australian state of Queensland on 9 September 2006 to elect the 89 members of the state's Legislative Assembly, after being announced by Premier Peter Beattie on 15 August 2006.
The election saw the incumbent Labor government led by Premier Peter Beattie defeat the National-Liberal Coalition led by Lawrence Springborg and Bruce Flegg respectively, and gain a fourth consecutive term in office. Beattie thus became the first Labor Premier of Queensland to win four consecutive elections since William Forgan Smith did so in the 1930s. Had Beattie served out his fourth term, he would have become the second-longest serving Queensland Premier, after Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen. After the election, Springborg resigned as Opposition Leader, being replaced by Jeff Seeney,
Results.
The election result was disappointing for the Coalition. It failed to make significant gains from Labor, despite the fact that the Government had been in office for eight years and had been mired in a series of scandals in its third term. It also failed to make headway against the Independents which still held many safe rural conservative seats, winning back only Gympie. Recent instability in the Coalition, combined with a poor media performance by inexperienced Liberal leader Dr Bruce Flegg was seen as being responsible for the result. In addition, Premier Peter Beattie remained personally popular. With Labor’s huge majority largely intact, it was seen as being unlikely that the Coalition would be able to win the next election.
The two-party preferred vote, excluding votes which were exhausted in the distribution of preferences under the Queensland optional preferential vote, was 55.0% for Labor and 45.0% for the National/Liberal Coalition.
State of the parties before the election.
Since April 2006, the ALP held 60 of the 89 seats in the Legislative Assembly, the Coalition 23 seats (16 National and seven Liberal), along with five Independents and one member of the One Nation Party. Thus in order to win an outright majority (45 seats), the Coalition would have needed to win an additional 22 seats from the ALP, the Independents or One Nation, assuming that they retained all of their own seats. This would have required a uniform swing against Labor of approximately 8% (such swings are very rare).
Sitting Labor member for Noosa, Cate Molloy, had resigned from the Labor Party following her disendorsement as a Labor candidate, which in turn followed her repudiation of the state government's plans to build a dam on the Mary River at Traveston. Molloy recontested the seat as an Independent.
Members who did not recontest their seats.
A number of members of parliament retired at this election:
Issues.
From mid-2005, after the revelation of the Jayant Patel scandal, the issue of health has become a focus of controversy, damaging to the Beattie government. After several inquiries and industrial disputes, a restructure of Queensland Health took place, and the state government is currently lobbying the federal government for more doctor training places in universities for Queensland.
Other issues of importance at the election included environmental management and land clearing, asbestos in state schools, the provision of transportation and infrastructure to rural and regional areas, and the management of South East Queensland's population growth.
Polling.
Labor's high levels of support was maintained until mid-2005 when support for Labor slumped and the Coalition opened a minor lead on primary votes for the first time since 1996. However, this was eventually wiped out as Labor restored a huge lead in polls in the lead up to the election and the Coalition only managed a 0.5% swing. Even though some mid-term polls suggested a swing of up to 6% against Labor, a swing of over 8% was required for Labor to lose its majority.
Campaign.
The campaign started unusually with Premier Peter Beattie denying a general election was about to be called, while residents in some Gold Coast electorates received direct mail from the ALP stating that the election had been called for September.
At a press conference on 16 August, Liberal leader Bruce Flegg stated that in the event that the Coalition won government, and the Liberal Party won more seats than the Nationals, Lawrence Springborg would still become Premier. Other Liberal Party MPs such as Michael Caltabiano disagreed, as this ran contrary to the coalition agreement signed between the two parties, which stated that whichever party won the most seats would form government. The ALP used this to attack Coalition stability in media and advertising.
Flegg was subsequently asked to leave a shopping centre in the Redcliffe suburb of Kippa-Ring for failing to obtain permission to do a campaign walkthrough. Flegg later denied that he had in fact been evicted.
On 22 August, Flegg took part in a media conference with Julie Bishop, federal Liberal Minister for Education, where he endorsed a Federal Government plan for the mandatory teaching of Australian history in schools. Responding to questions from journalists, he failed to identify the date of arrival of the Second Fleet (1790), or the person after whom Brisbane was named (noted astronomer and Governor of New South Wales Sir Thomas Brisbane).
Two sad twists of fate impacted the 26-day campaign - on 30 August, opposition leader Lawrence Springborg took temporary leave from the campaign after the sudden death of his father-in-law, and National Party deputy leader Jeff Seeney and Liberal leader Bruce Flegg continued the campaign in his absence. The death of TV personality Steve Irwin (""The Crocodile Hunter"") on 4 September in an accident off Port Douglas, Queensland, took the media's focus away from the election in its final week.
Current Treasurer Anna Bligh has stated the coalition's major election promises of wiping out stamp duty within five years, increasing the first home buyers grant by $3,000 and introducing a 10% per litre subsidy on ethanol-blended petrol will cost $2.4 billion and has blown the budget. Lawrence Springborg says all his election promises are costed and affordable, with costings to be released two days before the election. So far these costings have not been released.
On Friday 8 September, the day before the election, Premier Beattie and Opposition Leader Springborg participated in a "great debate" at the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre, moderated by ABC journalist Chris O'Brien.
Although Newspoll and other published polls showed Labor well ahead on predicted two-party-preferred vote, Labor strategists feared that people would vote for the Coalition in a protest vote, expecting Beattie not to lose. They adopted a strategy of denying Labor was in fact ahead. The Roy Morgan poll suggested the Liberal vote had fallen, while the Greens had risen to 8%.
Seats changing hands.
¶The margins and swings in Chatsworth, Gaven and Redcliffe are relative to the by-election results.
†The margin for Noosa was notionally Labor, but sitting member Cate Molloy became an independent earlier in 2006. The post-election margin is National v. Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="2860862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860862" title="Allans Flat, Victoria">
Allans Flat, Victoria

Allans Flat is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located along Osbornes Flat Road, north-east of Yackandandah. The areas around the town were mined for gold between the 1850s and 1904 though without sufficient population for a Post Office until 26 October 1876.
The town was surveyed and proclaimed in 1905. The Post Office closed in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2860883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860883" title="Bimbo (song)">
Bimbo (song)

Bimbo was a popular song written in either 1948 or 1949 by Glenn O'Dell, but credited to Rodney (Rod) Morris or "Pee Wee" King. The song was recorded by Gene Autry and originally released on vinyl as a 78rpm single in 1954. It can also be found on the 1998 album, "Always Your Pal, Gene Autry". This is an album of singalong cowboy music for children. Former NBA player Vernell "Bimbo" Coles is nicknamed after this song. [http://www.celticslife.com/2010/08/what-hell-happened-tobimbo-coles.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2860891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860891" title="Lamchin">
Lamchin

The Lamchin were one of many tribes of the Ohlone (Coastanoan) people, Native Americans who lived along the San Francisco Peninsula. The Lamchin were the native inhabitants of what is now San Carlos, California. Information is sparse and dispersed, coming mostly from Spanish mission records - as the natives had no written language. The collected information follows over 100 years of research by many noted historians. The "Lamchin" are believed to be extinct - as historical, statistical and limited written accounts would seem to indicate.
Their north-western neighbors were the "Ssalson", to the south the "Suchihín", and to the east the "Puichon", respectively in present-day Belmont, California, the southern end of Crystal Springs Reservoir, and Redwood City, California. All the groups are considered part of the Ohlone (or Costanoan) language group. The "Ohlone" group language has been labeled Utian.
The "Lamchin" may have had two villages named "Ormostac", close to the "Ssalson" and "Cachanigtac", their main village in what is now directly south of the downtown San Carlos. The main village name appears to contain a word for vermin, which the Spanish missionaries translated as "las Pulgas" (the Fleas). The names still lives on as "Alameda de las Pulgas", a local main thoroughfare connecting peninsula towns along the feet of the foothills.
The first native inhabitants were baptized in the missions around 1779, and last around 1790.
Differences in spelling.
It bears repeating that the Spanish mission records are fuzzy and sparse. Spelling differs on many entries for the same word, as the missionaries were trying to write with reference to their native language. We, in turn, re-write to our phonetic references and language. As such, authorities on this subject differ in spelling.
Currently only Milliken (1995) and Brown (1973) cover Lamchin material sufficiently for reference. The table below gives a few of the (currently) known spellings, with Milliken getting preference.

</doc>
<doc id="2860900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860900" title="Allendale, Victoria">
Allendale, Victoria

Allendale (aka Allandale) is a town in Victoria, Australia, located north-east of Creswick, in the Shire of Hepburn. At the 2006 census, Allendale and the surrounding area had a population of 330.
The town began as a mining settlement around the Berry Leads mining area. It had a peak population of about 1,500. Allendale once had 5 small pubs, a railway station and a few corner shops, now all of which have closed. The small boarding school located in Leishman Street has just been sold 3 years ago.
Allendale Post Office opened on 6 May 1881, was known as Allandale from 1885 to 1893, and closed in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="2860912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860912" title="Allestree, Victoria">
Allestree, Victoria

Allestree is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located along the Princes Highway, north-east of Portland. At the 2006 census, Allestree and the surrounding area had a population of 316.
Allestree is named after Allestree in Derbyshire, England. 
Allestree Post Office opened on 9 August 1907 (replacing nearby Bolwarra) and closed in 1971.
Within the locality of Allestree is the Convincing Ground where a massacre of aborigines is alleged to have taken place in around 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="2860914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860914" title="Samolus">
Samolus

Samolus (Brookweed, or water pimpernel) is a widely distributed genus of about a dozen species of water-loving herbs. According to the APG III classification, this genus belongs to the Primulaceae family in the order Ericales. It was considered as closely related to a clade comprising the Theophrastaceae, and was treated as part of that family or in its own monogeneric family, the Samolaceae. The APG III system does not recognize these families and instead includes all species formerly belonging to Theophrastaceae in the Primulaceae family. 
Species.
The last complete taxonomic treatment of this genus recognizes the following species:
"Samolus valerandi" is native to a very wide area across Europe, Africa, Asia, Australia, and the Americas; the other species have more restricted ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="2860921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860921" title="Mount Aorangi">
Mount Aorangi

Mount Aorangi () is the highest mountain, 3,135 m, in the Millen Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. The mount was so named by the NZFMCAE, 1962–63, because of this mountain's cloud-piercing ability, and also with reference to Aoraki/Mount Cook, New Zealand, Aorangi or Aoraki meaning cloud piercer. The mountain lies on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
Aorangi is also one of the most prominent peaks in the Raukumara Range, East Coast, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2860938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860938" title="Millen Range">
Millen Range

The Millen Range () is a prominent northwest–southeast trending mountain range, located west of the Cartographers Range in the Victory Mountains of Antarctica. Peaks in the range include Inferno, Omega, Le Couteur, Head, Cirque, Gless, Turret and Crosscut, and Mount Aorangi. It was named by the New Zealand Federated Mountain Clubs Antarctic Expedition (NZFMCAE) of 1962–63, for John M. Millen, leader of the expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="2860940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860940" title="Sam Hill (euphemism)">
Sam Hill (euphemism)

Sam Hill is an American English slang phrase, a euphemism or minced oath for "the devil" or "hell" personified (as in, "What in the Sam Hill is that?"). Etymologist Michael Quinion and others date the expression back to the late 1830s; they and others consider the expression to have been a simple bowdlerization, with, according to the "Oxford English Dictionary", an unknown origin.
Possible referents.
Candidate referents for the use date back to at least the 19th century.
Sam Hill was a mercantile store owner who offered a vast and diverse inventory of goods. People began using the term "what in the Sam Hill is that?" to describe something they found odd or unusual, just like the inventory found in Sam Hill's store. The original Sam Hill Mercantile building still stands on Montezuma Street in Prescott, Arizona, and is listed on the register of Historic Places. 
The following are also possibilities of the term's origin. 
For example, according to Quinion:
The millionaire Samuel Hill, a businessman and "good roads" advocate in the Pacific Northwest, became associated with the phrase in the 1920s. A reference appeared in "Time" magazine when Hill convinced Queen Marie of Romania to travel to rural Washington to dedicate Hill's Maryhill Museum of Art. The fact that "Father of Good Roads" Samuel Hill hadn't been born when the figure of speech first appeared in a publication rules out the possibility that he was the original Sam Hill in question. 
H. L. Mencken suggested that the "Sam" in the phrase derives from Samiel, the name of the Devil in "Der Freischütz", an opera by Carl Maria von Weber that was performed in New York in 1825.
A possible origin for the phrase "Sam Hill" is the surveyor Samuel W. Hill (1819–1889). Hill allegedly used such foul language that his name became a euphemism for swear words. In the words of Charles Eschbach, "Back in the 1850s the Keweenaw's copper mining boom was underway. There were about a dozen men who pretty much ran the Keweenaw. They were mining company agents, the 'go between' for the investors from Boston and the actual mining production people. Their names were attached to every report sent back to eastern investors. Among these company agents was a man named Samuel W. Hill. Sam was a geologist, surveyor, and mining engineer and had considerable power in the Keweenaw." 
According to author Ellis W. Courter, Samuel Hill "was an adventurer, explorer, miner, and surveyor. He had worked with Douglas and Houghton on the early State survey. His judgment was respected. Although he was a rough character, he possessed a big heart and in the fall of 1847 had risked his life to help avert a threatened food shortage in the Copper Harbor district. Generally he was regarded as a hero throughout the entire Copper Country, however, he was contemptuous of all the praise that was heaped upon him. Hill also gained a reputation as being one of the most blasphemous and obscene swearers in the Keweenaw Peninsula. Although he had a colorful vocabulary and told many a good story of his early adventures, his ubiquitous use of lurid cuss words became legendary. Whenever friends or neighbors retold his colorful tales in more polite society, they had to tame his unmentionables by substituting the sinless sounding words 'Sam Hill'. In time the expression, 'What the Sam Hill' spread far beyond the Copper Country. Today it has become a part of the American language. Few who utter these words ever heard of Samuel Hill, or know that he was the unconscious originator of a sinless synonym for profanity."
Another possibility involves the former adjutant general of Kentucky Samuel Ewing Hill, who was sent by the governor of Kentucky to see what was going on in reference to the Hatfields & McCoys family feud in 1887. Between 1880 and 1891, the feud claimed more than a dozen members of the two families, becoming headline news around the country, and compelling the governors of both Kentucky and West Virginia to call up their state militias to restore order. The governor of West Virginia once even threatened to have his militia invade Kentucky. Kentucky governor Simon Bolivar Buckner in response sent his adjutant general Sam Hill to Pike County, Kentucky to investigate the situation. Newspapers from around the country awaited word from Hill to find out "what in the Sam Hill was going on up there".

</doc>
<doc id="2860943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860943" title="Alma, Victoria">
Alma, Victoria

Alma is a town in Victoria, Australia, along the Maryborough – St Arnaud Road, west of Maryborough. In the 2006 census, Alma and the surrounding area had a population of 692.
Alma began as a gold-mining settlement and was named after the Battle of Alma in the Crimean War. It was surveyed in 1860, the Post Office opening on 1 July 1861. (closed 1969), and proclaimed in 1891. It had a peak population of 2,109.

</doc>
<doc id="2860944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860944" title="Broom-Grass">
Broom-Grass

Broom Grass is a name used for different types or grass around the world.
In tropical Asia it refers to "Thysanchaena maxima" of the family Poaceae; a tall, <3m, grass which is indeed used for making brooms.
In United States it refers to "Andropogon glomeratus" of the family Poaceae, a tall grass, growing to about 2m high.
It is called Oobu / ಊಬು in Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="2860945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860945" title="Coat of arms of the Cape Colony">
Coat of arms of the Cape Colony

The coat of arms of the Cape Colony was the official heraldic symbol of the Cape Colony as a British colony from 1875 to 1910, and as a province of South Africa from 1910 to 1994. It is now obsolete.
History.
The adoption of the arms was a belated response to a British government request, in 1869, for a design for a flag badge to identify the colony. The laying of the foundation stone of the new parliament building in May 1875 was considered as a good opportunity to introduce it. A Cape Town attorney with a keen interest in heraldry, Charles Aken Fairbridge (1824-1893), was accordingly asked to design arms for the Colony.
The foundation stone of the colonial parliament was laid on 12 May 1875. According to the "Cape Argus" newspaper, "among the conspicuous features of the spectacle was the new colonial flag, hoisted aloft above the corner stone, with the heraldic shielding, surroundings and mottoes blazoned on the Union Jack and the Royal Standard floating in the breeze from the loftiest flagstaff in the centre".
Queen Victoria formally granted the arms by Royal Warrant a year later, on 29 May 1876.
After the Cape became a province of the Union of South Africa in 1910, the provincial administration took over the arms. They were used as provincial arms until the Cape was divided into three smaller provinces in 1994.
Blazon.
The original blazon was:
The symbolism of the arms is obvious. The lion is a South African animal, and also appears in the arms of the two colonial powers which ruled at the Cape, Netherlands and Great Britain. The rings were taken from the arms of the founder of the colony, Jan van Riebeeck. The fleur-de-lis represent the contribution of the Huguenots to the early history of the country. The crest is the Lady of Good Hope, grasping an anchor, first introduced as a symbol of the colony in 1715. The supporters, a gnu (wildebeest) and an oryx (gemsbok), are two typical South African animals. The motto, ""Spes Bona"" simply means "Good Hope".
New artwork was introduced in 1952. Hope's dress was changed to white, and she was given a blue mantle. The arms were recorded in this form at the College of Arms in July 1955, and registered at the Bureau of Heraldry in 1967. 

</doc>
<doc id="2860947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860947" title="Harvey Seeley Mudd">
Harvey Seeley Mudd

Harvey Seeley Mudd (1888 – 12 April 1955) was a mining engineer and founder, investor, and president of Cyprus Mines Corporation, a Los Angeles–based international enterprise that operated copper mines on the island of Cyprus. The science and engineering college Harvey Mudd College was named in memory of him. He was also a vice president of the Board of Trustees for the California Institute of Technology.
His father, Colonel Seeley W. Mudd, was also a mining engineer. In 1907 he developed the Ray Copper Mine in Arizona, which is still in production.
Harvey S. Mudd's remains are interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery, Glendale, California.
Early life.
Harvey Mudd was born in Leadville, Colorado, in 1888. Mudd's father, Colonel Seeley W. Mudd, was the manager of the Small Hopes silver mine in Leadville. Mudd's mother was Della Mullock Mudd.
Harvey Mudd had a younger brother, Seeley G. Mudd (1895–1968), who became a physician and cancer researcher at the California Institute of Technology. Seeley G. Mudd was later professor and dean at the School of Medicine at the University of Southern California.
In 1902, Col. Seeley Mudd moved his family to Los Angeles, California, where Col. Mudd worked as a consulting engineer for the Guggenheim Exploration Company.
Harvey Mudd attended Stanford University for two years. He then transferred to Columbia University. He received a degree in mining engineering in 1912.
Mining career.
Mudd and his father founded the Cyprus Mines Corporation in 1916. The Los Angeles–based enterprise started with development of the copper mines on the island of Cyprus.
In ancient times, Cyprus was famous for its copper (the Greek word for Cyprus is Kupros, which means copper). However, at the time the Mudds began the Cyprus Mines Corp., copper had not been mined on Cyprus for almost 1500 years. With the backing of Colonel Seeley Mudd, geologist Charles Godfrey Gunther began a long and finally successful search for new copper on Cyprus. However, twenty years passed before the Cyprus Mines Corp. paid its first dividends in 1936.
In 1918, Mudd became president of Cyprus Mines Corporation. Mudd became chairman of Cyprus Mines in 1926 when his father died. As head of Cyprus Mines, Harvey Mudd developed and managed copper mines in the Mediterranean, as well as an iron mine in Peru and oil properties in the United States.
At the time of Harvey Mudd's death in 1955, the company's copper mines on Cyprus had become the island's largest industry, exporting nearly a million tons of copper a year. Mudd's copper mines on Cyprus supported 2,000 of the island's inhabitants and provided more than 25 percent of the island's entire annual revenue. Cyprus Mines paid its employees 15–20 percent above the island average. The company ran an up-to-date, 65-bed hospital for its employees, built scores of low-cost houses for them to live in, and helped to run schools, sports clubs, welfare centers, and summer camps for their families.
Mudd served as president of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers in 1945. In 1949, the Columbia University Engineering School Alumni Association awarded him its Egleston Medal for distinguished engineering achievement.
Personal life.
Harvey Mudd's wife was Mildred E. Mudd (1891–1958). They had two children: Henry T. Mudd (1913–1990) and Caryll Mudd Sprague (1914–1978). Caryll Mudd's husband was Norman F. Sprague, Jr. (1914–1997), a medical doctor. Henry Mudd succeeded his father as head of the Cyprus Mines Corporation.
In 1939, "Time" magazine described Mildred Mudd as "Tall, dark, slender." Time further described Mrs. Mudd as "a typical society matron, noted for her large & lavish parties, her charitable activities, [and her ancient Roman jewelry (dug up in Cyprus)." Mildred Mudd became involved with the Girl Scouts in 1934 at the recommendation of Lou Henry Hoover, the wife of former U.S. President Herbert Hoover. In the next five years, Mildred Mudd was able to double the Girl Scout enrollment in Los Angeles. Mildred Mudd served as the national president of the Girl Scouts 1939–1941.
Mildred Mudd was elected as the first chairman of the Board of Trustees of Harvey Mudd College, serving from 1955 until 1958. Mildred Mudd died in 1958 at the age of 67.
Harvey Mudd lived in Beverly Hills on Benedict Canyon Drive. The Tudor style residence was designed for Charles Boldt, owner of the Ohio based Boldt Glass Co. that produced the popular Mason jars, by architect Elmer Grey in 1922. The residence is on an acre of land with seven bedrooms and a swimming pool. In 2008, the house was listed for sale at a price of $11.495 million. The historic property is known as the Harvey Mudd Estate. As of October 2013, this house is for sale again, asking price is $19.99 million.
Civic leadership.
At the time of Mudd's death, he was Chairman of the Board of the Southern California Symphony Association, the Welfare Federation of Los Angeles, and Greater Los Angeles Plans, Inc. He was a trustee and former president of the Southwest Museum, a member of the Board of Governors of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and member of the advisory committee of the Henry E. Huntington Library and Art Gallery. He was also Chairman of the Board of Fellows of Claremont College.
As Chairman of the Southern California Symphony Association, Mudd is credited with saving the Los Angeles Philharmonic. Fellow copper baron William Andrews Clark, Jr. had founded the Philharmonic in 1919, but he had exhausted his fortune supporting the orchestra. To oversee the Philharmonic, the Southern California Symphony Association was created in 1933 with Mudd as chairman. Mudd personally guaranteed the salary of conductor Otto Klemperer. Mudd led fundraising efforts to enable the Philharmonic to continue performing through the Great Depression. Mudd is also credited with starting the Philharmonic's tradition of taking the stuffiness out of high culture.
He was initiated as an honorary member of the Beta Psi chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, the national fraternity for men in music, in 1941.
Caltech.
Mudd became a member of the Board of Trustees for the California Institute of Technology in 1929. He served on both the finance committee and the executive committee. He later served as Vice President of the Board of Trustees.
In 1954, Caltech faculty member Linus Pauling, upon winning the Nobel Prize in chemistry, sent Mudd a letter thanking Mudd and the Caltech Board of Trustees for "providing here an atmosphere, second to none in the world, that is favorable to research."
Mudd's will left $50,000 to Caltech for research on the genesis of ore deposits.
Two geology buildings at Caltech are named for Harvey Mudd's family: the Seeley G. Mudd Building (South Mudd) is named for his brother, and the Seeley W. Mudd Laboratory (North Mudd) is named for their father.
Harvey Mudd College.
Mudd had a particular interest in The Claremont Colleges in Claremont, California. He served as Chairman of the Board of Fellows of Claremont College, now The Claremont Graduate University and University Center, for a quarter of a century. Harvey Mudd helped in the founding of Claremont McKenna College in 1945. He helped to plan Claremont's new undergraduate college of science and engineering that was chartered in 1955, shortly after his death.
After Harvey Mudd's death in 1955, his friends proposed to his widow, Mildred Mudd, that the planned college be named for Harvey Mudd. She agreed, and helped support the founding. The new college was founded later that year. Harvey Mudd College would award degrees in science and engineering, but require a breadth of understanding in the humanities and the social sciences.
Harvey Mudd's widow and family contributed $2 million to endow Harvey Mudd College.
Death.
Mudd died of a heart attack on April 12, 1955, at his home in Beverly Hills, California. He was 66 years old. He was interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale.

</doc>
<doc id="2860948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860948" title="States of Jersey">
States of Jersey

The States of Jersey () is the parliament and government of the British Crown dependency of Jersey.
The origins of the legislature of Jersey lie in the system of self-government according to Norman law guaranteed to the Channel Islands by King John following the division of Normandy in 1204. The Assembly of the States of Jersey has exercised uncontested legislative powers since 1771, when the concurrent law-making power of the Royal Court of Jersey was abolished.
The Assembly passes and amends laws and regulations; approves the annual budget and taxation; appoints and removes the Chief Minister, Ministers, presidents and members of committees; debates matters proposed by the Council of Ministers, by Ministers or by individual members. Members are also able to ask questions to find out information and to hold Ministers to account. Executive powers are exercised by a Chief Minister and nine ministers, elected from among the members of the States of Jersey and known collectively as the Council of Ministers. Ministers are accountable to the Assembly for the conduct of their departments.
Composition.
The constitution of the States is set out in the States of Jersey Law 2005. It is a unicameral parliament.
In the 2011-2014 assembly, elected voting members comprise ten Senators (elected on an island-wide basis), twenty-nine Deputies (elected to represent singe- or multi-member constituencies), and twelve Connétables (head of each parish "who are members of the States by virtue of their office"). From the 2014 elections, the number of Senators will be reduced to eight. This reduction in the number of Senators was politically controversial and attempts were made, unsuccessfully, to prevent the Privy Council from approving the proposal.
There are also five non-voting members appointed by the Crown:
The clerk of the Assembly is known as the Greffier of the States.
The Viscount is the executive officer of the States (but is no longer a member of the Assembly).
Under the States of Jersey Act 2005, 22 of the 51 members form the executive: ten as ministers in the Council of Ministers and twelve as assistant ministers. During the 2008-2011 assembly, 17 members sat on scrutiny panels, six sit only on the Planning Applications panel or the Privileges and Procedures Committee; and seven had no role other than as a member. Following widespread criticisms of the system of ministerial government introduced in December 2005, the assembly of the States of Jersey agreed in March 2011 to establish an independent electoral commission to review the make-up of the assembly and government.
The most recent elections were held in 1993, 1996, 1999, 2002, 2005, 2008 and October 2011. In the 2008-2011 assembly, four members were affiliated to the Jersey Democratic Alliance, but three of them subsequently left the party and continued to sit as independents. In the 2011 elections, all candidates stood as independents.
Legislative functions.
A main type of legislation made by the States is known in English simply as a 'Law', and in French as a "Loi" (not an 'Act' as in the United Kingdom—in Jersey an "Act" or "Acte" of the States is an administrative enactment and may be in the nature of secondary legislation).
After a Law is adopted by the States it must receive Royal Assent and be registered with the Royal Court of Jersey before it is 'passed'.
Scrutiny functions.
Members of the Assembly are responsible for scrutinizing the work of the Council of Ministers, ministers and their departments.
Scrutiny panels of backbench members of the assembly have been established to examine (i) economic affairs, (ii) environment, (iii) corporate services, (iv) education and home affairs and (v) health, social security and housing. The real utility of the panels is said to be "that of independent critique which holds ministers to account and constructively engages with policy which is deficient".
History.
The legislature derives its name from the "estates" (French: "états") of the Crown (represented by the Bailiff and Jurats), the Church (the rectors of the Parishes) and the people (represented by the Connétables) from whom the assembly was originally summoned.
Jersey's political history begins as part of the Duchy of Normandy. However when the King of France stripped King John I of England of the title, Duke of Normandy, the people of Jersey and the other Channel Islands rebelled against the French King maintaining the sovereignty of the 'rightful' Duke.
In 1259 Henry III signed the Treaty of Paris resigning his claim to the Duchy of Normandy except the Channel Islands. The Channel Islands were not absorbed into the Kingdom of England but two offices were appointed; Warden (now Lieutenant Governor) and Bailiff.
The earliest extant Act of the States dates from 1524. The States are mentioned in a document of 1497 regarding the endowments of the grammar schools; by 1526 attendance by members at the assembly was evidently a requirement, as in that year the Rector of Saint Mary was fined for failure to attend.
In the early seventeenth century separate minutes of the States of Jersey were first recorded.
When the monarchy was restored, King Charles II who had escaped to Jersey on his way to exile in France rewarded Jersey with the power to levy customs duties. This power, exercised by the Assembly of Governor, Bailiff and Jurats, was finally taken over by the States of Jersey in 1921, thereby enabling the States to control the budget independently of the Lieutenant Governor.
The States voted on 6 November 1856 to adopt a law to add 14 Deputies to the assembly to counterbalance the mismatch of population and voting power between town and country. The first Deputies were elected 12 January 1857.
The first election by secret ballot was held 1 December 1891.
Until the constitutional reforms brought about in 1948 to strengthen the separation between legislature and judiciary, Jurats were the senior politicians, elected for life by islandwide suffrage, and were the presidents of committees and sat in the Royal Court. In 1948 the Jurats were replaced in the legislature by Senators, who at first were elected on an island-wide basis for mandates of 9 years (subsequently reduced to 6 years). The rectors were also removed from the States in 1948 (with the exception of the Dean as Rector of St. Helier, who remained but lost his vote), and replaced by an increased number of Deputies.
The urban-rural cleavage which successive reforms have attempted to address remains. The less populated rural parishes enjoy an electoral advantage over the densely populated urban parishes due to the inequity of the distribution of seats when compared to population.
A report produced under the chairmanship of Sir Cecil Clothier proposed a range of administrative reforms aimed at improving the machinery of government, including ending the distinction between Senators and Deputies, the removal of the Constables from the States and the removal of the Bailiff. Under the proposals, all members would have the title Member of the States of Jersey (MSJ) but this was rejected.
However aspects of the report, especially concerning the rôle of Connétable, met with intense opposition at public meetings in the parishes. The ministerial system has been introduced in an amended form to that proposed by Clothier.
The system of executive government was changed significantly by the States of Jersey Law 2005.
States Chamber.
The States sat in the Royal Court until 1887 when the States Chamber was constructed adjacent to the Royal Court. The chamber is in Jacobean style, with the benches arranged in horseshoe form around the twin seats of the Bailiff and Lieutenant Governor. The Bailiff's seat is raised slightly higher than that of the Lieutenant Governor to demonstrate his precedence.
Senators sit to the left of the Bailiff, then the Connétables, and then the Deputies filling up the benches to the right.
The States Chamber is depicted on the 2010 issue Jersey 20 pound note.
Broadcasting.
BBC Radio Jersey broadcasts the main States sittings live on their medium wave frequency 1026 mW in Jersey, replacing the normal BBC Radio Jersey output which is a straight mirror of the FM output.
The raw feed of the States members talking is provided by the States of Jersey and goes through a desk in the BBC Radio Jersey Studio in the States Chamber where it is mixed by the States Reporter on duty that day.
Broadcasting of the States debates began experimentally on 30 September 1986 and was made a permanent feature on 25 November the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2860952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860952" title="Cartographers Range">
Cartographers Range

Cartographers Range () is a rugged mountain range about long in the Victory Mountains, Victoria Land in Antarctica. It is bounded on the north by Pearl Harbor Glacier, on the east by Tucker Glacier, and on the south by Hearfield and Trafalgar Glaciers.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for the cartographers and cartographic technicians of the Branch of Special Maps, USGS.

</doc>
<doc id="2860956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860956" title="Almurta, Victoria">
Almurta, Victoria

Almurta is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located along Glen Alvie Road, in the Bass Coast Shire, 107 kilometres south east of Melbourne. A full Post Office opened here on 21 April 1914 but was closed in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="2860957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860957" title="Stevie Benton">
Stevie Benton

Stevie Benton is an American bass guitarist who is best known for performing in the metal band Drowning Pool, also as a backing vocalist, a role he has performed in the band since its formation (although a previous version of the band did exist prior to Benton's addition). Benton is also a member of Even the Dead Love a Parade.
Comments on torture.
In "Spin"'s December 2006 issue, the magazine confronted Benton with information regarding his music being used as a torture and interrogation method at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. In response Benton said, "People assume we should be offended that somebody in the military thinks our song is annoying enough that, played over and over, it can psychologically break someone down ... I take it as an honor to think that perhaps our song could be used to quell another 9/11 attack or something like that." He later added: "If they detain these people and the worst thing that happens is they have to sit through a few hours of loud music - some kids in America pay for that ... It doesn't seem all that bad to me." Benton's views were very different and controversial. Other artists were outraged at their music being used to torture people.
On December 13, 2008, Benton issued an apology on Drowning Pool's MySpace page about these comments on musical torture, stating his comments had been "taken out of context".
Personal life.
On December 7, 2007, Benton was reported to have been diagnosed with Bell's palsy, a neurological disorder that causes paralysis of the facial muscles and sensitivity to light and sound. According to Drowning Pool's website "Benton began to feel ill during previous night’s performance at Stone’s Throw in Eau Claire, WI, and after the show was rushed to the Luther Midelfort Hospital..." As a result the remaining shows on the This is for the Soldiers Tour were cancelled. He issued a statement apologizing to the fans and declared that he and his band mates "could not wait to come back and rock out with you all again soon."

</doc>
<doc id="2860959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860959" title="Bamboo (band)">
Bamboo (band)

Bamboo was a Filipino indie band founded in 2002 by Francisco "Bamboo" Mañalac, Ira Cruz, Nathan Azarcon and Vic Mercado.
Band origin.
Francisco "Bamboo" Mañalac serves as the band's frontman. The band's guitarist claimed that the name of the band was derived not from their vocalist's name but from the word bamboo, the characteristics of which are associated with strength and durability with an island feel to it. Also, it's very Filipino and Asian at the same time.
Two of its members, Bamboo Mañalac and Nathan Azarcon, were formerly part of Rivermaya. The other two members, Ira Cruz and Vic Mercado, were former instrumentalists of another band, Passage. Cruz and Azarcon were also former members of the band Kapatid during that time.
Four years after their departure from Rivermaya, Mañalac and Azarcon caught up again with each other, during which Azarcon introduced him to Cruz and Mercado.
Music career.
Bamboo's debut album, As The Music Plays, was released in February 2004 where it received positive response from fans and critics alike. The album also won numerous awards at the AWIT Awards, NU 107 Rock Awards, and MTV Pilipinas 2004.
Their second album, Light Peace Love, which was released in 2005, consists of ten songs with differing moods and subjects, and took only 3 months to record. This album has a softer sound with both its lyrics and delivery. For this album, the band added more strings and a variety of other instruments, including trumpets. The band admitted that this album had a personal feel to it. They experimented with several new styles that may please new listeners, at the risk of disappointing fans of the more conventional rock of their first album.
Their third album, We Stand Alone Together, was released in 2007. It contains covers of local songs such as Buklod's "Tatsulok" and international songs such as Paul Simon's "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover", from different generations. It also includes bonus tracks like unplugged versions of their hit songs from previous albums such as "Mr. Clay", "These Days", and "Hallelujah". Once again, opting to do away with the conventional rock image that was attached to them, they produced sounds which were more jazzy than expected.
Star Records—backed up by ABS-CBN TV Production and MYX—produced and created the official soundtrack for the tele-epiko "Rounin", wherein the title track "Argos" was performed by Bamboo. A new avenue was opened to the band, as "Argos" is said to be the band’s first venture to record a song for a primetime television show. It is also the first time for the multi-awarded band and Star Records to work together.
The band was also part of the "Days of Peace" Campaign by UNICEF with Gary Valenciano. The band's fourth album, Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday achieved platinum status on September 28, 2008 - just two days after its release.
Break-up.
News circulated on January 9, 2011 that Bamboo had "allegedly disbanded." DJ KC Montero of Wave 89.1 confirmed the breakup on Wave's The KC Show and via Twitter. Montero clarified that all the members of the band "have decided to move on," and that he does not know why they called it quits. The group has not released an official statement on the issue, according to ABS-CBNNews.com. On January 11, 2011, Bamboo's lead vocalist Francisco "Bamboo" Mañalac finally confirmed the breakup of his band in an official statement posted on the group's website.
Aftermath.
A few months after the band disbanded, the group reformed without the vocalist (Bamboo Mañalac) and formed the band Hijo. Nathan Azarcon (vocals & bass), Ira Cruz (guitar & back vocals), Vic Mercado (drums), Junji Lerma of Wahijuara (guitar) and Jay-O Orduña of Cauio (keyboards).
The band's frontman Bamboo Mañalac pursued a solo career and released his first album as a solo artist in November 2011.
Discography.
Singles.
!align="center"|Year
!align="center"|Single
!align="center"|Album
Awards.
Philippine Radio Music Awards
Awit Awards
NU Rock Awards
MTV Pilipinas
93.1 RX Year End Awards
89.9 TM Year End Awards 
SOP Music Awards
SOP Pasiklaband
ALIW AWARDS
THE 2bU! CLICK AWARDS
GMMSF Box-Office Entertainment Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2860960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860960" title="Mazyar">
Mazyar

Mazyar (Middle Persian: "Māh-Izād"; "Mazyār"), was an Iranian prince from the Qarinvand dynasty and feudal ruler of the mountainous region of Tabaristan. For his resistance to the Abbasid Caliphate, Maziyar is considered one of the national heroes of Iran by twentieth-century Iranian nationalist historiography. His name means "protected by the "yazata" of the moon".
Rise to power.
Mazyar was succeeded by his father Qarin ibn Vindadhhurmuzd in ca. 817. However, his territories were shortly invaded by the Bavandid ruler Shahriyar I, whom Mazyar fought against, but was defeated and was forced to flee. Mazyar then took refuge with his cousin Vinda-Umid. He, was, however, betrayed by Vinda-Umid and was handed over to Shahriyar. Mazyar managed to escape and reach the court of al-Ma'mun, where he met one of his astrologers named Yahya ibn al-Munajjim, a Persian who recently converted to Islam and belonged to the Banu Munajjim family. Mazyar shortly embraced Islam, and al-Ma'mun gave him the title of "Mawla Amiri'l-Muminin" and the Muslim name of Abu'l Hasan Muhammad. Mazyar was also granted two towns in Tabaristan as his fief, and in 822/823 returned to Tabaristan with its governor Musa ibn Hafs. Mazyar now began to take revenge against the Bavand dynasty: Vinda-Umid, including Shahriyar's son and successor, Shapur, were defeated and killed, and Mazyar united the highlands under his own rule. Mazyar now began constructing mosques in several towns, and successfully plundered the territories of the Justanids. 
In 826/827, Musa ibn Hafs died and was succeeded by his son Muhammad ibn Musa as the governor of Tabaristan. Mazyar continued to expand his influence and his policies made the Muslims of Tabaristan oppressed. The Muslims of Tabaristan and the Bavandid prince Qarin I now began complaining to al-Ma'mun about Mazyar's behavior, but did not manage to turn al-Ma'mun against Mazyar. Al-Ma'mun was shortly involved with war against the Byzantine Empire, which gave Mazyar the opportunity to imprison Muhammad ibn Musa in charge of being secretly involved with the Alids. Al-Ma'mun shortly acknowledged Mazyar's rule over Tabaristan and its surrounding regions. Al-Ma'mun later died in 833, and was succeeded by his half-brother al-Mu'tasim, who also acknowledged Mazyar as the ruler of Tabaristan.
However, the Tahirid ruler Abdallah ibn Tahir al-Khurasani, demanded land tax from Mazyar, but the latter refused. Abdallah, claiming Tabaristan as his own fief, demanded that Mazyar should release Muhammad ibn Musa. Mazyar, however, once again refused to obey Abdallah, which made him accuse Mazyar of infidelity and tyranny in front of al-Mu'tasim.
Rebellion.
Feeling threatened, Mazyar rebelled against the Abbasid Caliphate, an act which was widely supported by the native Zoroastrians, who began plundering the Muslim villages and Abbasid borders. Mazyar now began ensuring the loyalty of the noblemen of Tabaristan and imprisoned anyone he did not trust. According to the medieval historian Ibn Isfandiyar in his "Tarikh-e-Tabaristan", Mazyar is said to have proclaimed: 
Abdallah and al-Mu'tasim shortly sent five corps that entered Tabaristan from all sides. Mazyar made his brother Quhyar as the defender of the Qarinvand mountains, and the Bavandid Qarin I as the defender of eastern Tabaristan. However, the fall of Tabaristan went quickly: several cities were caught by surprise, while Qarin I betrayed Mazyar and agreed to aid the Abbasids in exchange for being restored as the ruler of the Bavand dynasty. The people of Sari shortly revolted against Mazyar, and Mazyar was betrayed by his brother Quhyar, who captured him and gave him to al-Mu'tasim.
Mazyar was shortly brought to Samarra, where he was executed. His body later became gibbeted with the body of Babak Khorramdin. Mazyar's brother Quhyar was shortly killed by his own Dailamite soldiers because of his betrayal against Mazyar. This marked the end of the Qarivand dynasty, and the Tahirids were now the rulers of Tabaristan, while Qarin I was restored as the ruler of the Bavand dynasty as an Tahirid vassal.

</doc>
<doc id="2860962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860962" title="Susan Page">
Susan Page

Susan Page (born February 12, 1951) is an American journalist and the current Washington Bureau Chief for "USA Today". She has won several awards for her work, including the Merriman Smith Memorial Award, the Aldo Beckman Memorial Award, the Gerald R. Ford Prize for Distinguished Reporting on the Presidency (twice) and the Sigma Delta Chi Distinguished Service Award for Washington Correspondence (shared). She appears frequently on cable news networks as an analyst and often guest-hosts "The Diane Rehm Show," which is syndicated on National Public Radio. She was the first woman to serve as music chairman of the Gridiron Club show and is the 2011 president of the club, the oldest association of journalists in Washington. She was president of the White House Correspondents Association in 2000. Rumors had suggested that Page might be a long-shot candidate to replace Tim Russert as host of "Meet the Press" but David Gregory was selected to host the program. 
She is married to Carl Leubsdorf, longtime Washington Bureau Chief for "The Dallas Morning News," and they have two sons. She is a 1973 graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism, where she was editor-in-chief of the "Daily Northwestern", and has a master's degree from Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="2860963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860963" title="Ryan McCombs">
Ryan McCombs

Ryan McCombs (born July 16, 1974) is a heavy metal vocalist. From 1997 to 2004 he was the vocalist of the metal band SOiL. McCombs has also served as the vocalist for Drowning Pool from 2005 until his departure in 2011. He has since returned with Soil.
Career.
"Soil" (1997-2004).
Ryan McCombs was discovered by SOiL through a compilation CD of unsigned bands. He joined the rock band Soil as lead vocalist in mid-1997. The band has released three albums and one EP during his time in the group: "El Chupacabra (EP)" and "Throttle Junkies", "Scars", and "Redefine". With heavy anthems like "Halo" and "Unreal," the band gained commercial recognition and international status with their second album, "Scars", in 2001. Their 2004 follow-up would continue Soil's significant exposure. While touring for their latest album, McCombs suddenly decided to leave the band, which caused the cancellation of many scheduled performances alongside acts like Sevendust and Damageplan.
"Drowning Pool" (2005-2011).
After his departure, McCombs took a hiatus from the music business. His hiatus only lasted one year, by the time he returned to music, Soil had already found a new lead singer. Around this time, Drowning Pool's second singer, Jason Jones, left to join alternative band A.M. Conspiracy. Amidst rumors spreading about who would be Drowning Pool's next singer, the band confirmed the new vocalist's identity at Ozzfest in Dallas, Texas on August 25, 2005 to be Ryan McCombs.
The first Drowning Pool song released with Ryan McCombs as the singer was a remake of their song "Rise Up", originally performed with Jason Jones as lead singer. The song was titled "Rise Up 2006" and featured as a bonus downloadable track on "WWE Wreckless Intent", and was the theme for "WWE Friday Night SmackDown" until 2008. The soundtrack to the film "Saw III" contains a demo version of "No More," the second track released with McCombs on vocals. Drowning Pool recorded their third studio album, "Full Circle", and was released on August 7, 2007. It featured the hit single "37 Stitches". "Shame", which was released as the album's last single, was featured in the "Saw IV" soundtrack.
In 2010, the band released their fourth album, "Drowning Pool". The album featured McCombs as vocalist, thus being the first Drowning Pool album not to feature a new lead singer.
In November 2011, it was announced that McCombs and Drowning Pool would be parting ways, and that he would once again be the permanent vocalist for SOiL.
Return to "Soil" (2011-present).
In 2011, Ryan McCombs rejoined SOiL. The band played various venues throughout the United Kingdom including Download festival at which it played a live acoustic set for the first time. The band released their new album "Whole" on August 16, 2013 (worldwide) and August 20, 2013 (North America).
Personal life.
Ryan is of Scottish descent, having family in Wigtownshire, Scotland. 
He has two sons.
Divorced. He is now dating celebrity tattoo artist & reality star of Oxygen network's Best Ink- izzi echo.

</doc>
<doc id="2860965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860965" title="Rivington Pike">
Rivington Pike

Rivington Pike is a hill summit on Winter Hill, part of the West Pennine Moors, overlooking the village of Rivington in Lancashire, England. The nearest towns are Adlington and Horwich. The Pike is a prominent local landmark which derives its name from the Old English "hreof" plus "ing" meaning the rough or rugged hill and "pic", a pointed eminence. The hill was recorded as "Rovyng" in 1325 and "Rivenpike" in about 1540. Saxton records the name as "Rivenpike Hill" on his 1577 map.
Geography and geology.
The Pike at 1,191 feet (363 metres) high is the most westerly high point of Winter Hill in the West Pennine Moors. The high moorland is underlain with Carboniferous rocks, the Millstone Grit, sandstones and shales of the Lower Coal Measures which rise high above the Lancashire Plain to the west and Greater Manchester conurbation to the south. The humped shape of the summit coincides with a coal seam of the Lower Coal Measures at around 1,148 feet (350 metres) that outcropped and was mined around 1800. There is evidence of bell pits close to the summit.
The natural vegetation is characterised by areas of blanket bog, impoverished upland heath and acid grassland.
There is an extensive network of footpaths leading to the summit. The highest part of the route to the summit is a footpath and steps built in the 1990s to combat erosion and prevent further deterioration. From the summit it is possible to see Blackpool Tower, the Lake District mountains, the Welsh mountains and as far as the Isle of Man on the clearest days.
History.
There are prehistoric sites at Noon Hill tumulus on Winter Hill, at Coblowe hillock by the Lower Rivington Reservoir and it is possible that a standing stone occupied the summit in the prehistoric period. An archaeological dig found evidence of prehistoric activity at nearby Winter Hill but Rivington Pike summit has never been subject to an archaeological survey.
In 1904 author, Fergusson Irvine described the Pike as "the curious hog-backed mound which crowns the summit of the hill and on which stands the Beacon, shows signs of having been at least shaped by artificial means. No doubt it is mainly a natural feature, but there are distinct traces of its having been trimmed and the approach steepened at several points".
Beacon.
The prominent summit of Rivington Pike was the site of one of a series of beacons spanning England as an early warning system. The beacon system was put in place by Ranulph de Blundeville, 4th Earl of Chester around 1139, following a Scottish raid in 1138, when a small Lancashire army was defeated near Clitheroe by a much larger Scottish force. The beacon was lit on 19 July 1588 to signal the Spanish Armada was heading towards English shores. Beacons were lit near to the tower for the coronation of King George V in 1910, at the end of the Great War in 1918 and in 1977 and 2012 to celebrate the Silver and Diamond Jubilees of Queen Elizabeth II.
Tower.
The landmark Pike Tower is a Grade II* listed building on the summit. The tower is square in plan with sides of in length and is high. It was built with a wooden roof, three windows and a door which are now blocked up. The roof was hidden by a parapet with pointed corner and intermediate steps. Inside it retains a fireplace and once had a chimney. Its single room is square with a stone flagged floor and was originally wood panelled. There is a cellar. It was built as hunting lodge in gritstone and was completed in 1733. John Andrews of Rivington Hall built the tower on the site of the beacon using its stone for the foundations. It was built as a watch tower and used for grouse shooting parties.
William Lever gifted land at Lever Park in Rivington to the people of Bolton which included the Pike Tower which was subsequently owned by Liverpool Corporation as part of an agreement for water supplies. The corporation neglected the tower and planned to demolish it in 1967. After a public outcry and legal action the land was transferred to Chorley Rural District Council who restored the building in 1973 and completed further work in the 1990s. The land is now owned by United Utilities.
Events.
Rivington Pike Fair held annually on Whit Saturday was moved to Good Friday in 1900. It was held at the highest part of George's Lane, close to the summit. The fair attracted people from Horwich, Chorley and further afield. During the 1830s there was an increase in drunken and riotous behaviour following the fair, which brought prompt and stern measures from the local authorities. Two men from Bolton were charged with "Neglect of Divine Service". The arrival of the Manchester and Bolton Railway's extension to Preston and opening of Blackrod railway station in 1841 brought more visitors which was sustained until the introduction of seaside excursions in about 1860, which led to decline in visitors.
In the early 20th century, car and motorcycle races were held up Rivington Pike. From 1906 to 1912, Bolton motorists witnessed the performance of cars and motorbikes in the hands of some notable drivers of the day on the private roads of the Rivington estate. Under the auspices of the North-East Lancs Automobile Club and the Lancashire Motor-Cycle Club, the first of these hill-climb races took place on 25 July 1906. Competitors were limited to members of the club, and the race was divided into 10 classes according to the list price of the car. In 2011, 4x4 cars caused significant criminal damage in the Chinese gardens and around the pike.
Music festivals and north country fairs were held in the Chinese gardens on the slope of the pike in the summers of 1976 and 1977 and locally named "flower power invasions". Bands included Body, John Peel favourites Tractor, the Damned and Here and Now. The 1976 Rivington Pike Music Festival inspired a group of Rochdale people to launch the Deeply Vale Festivals in mid September 1976.
Sport.
The Rivington Pike Fell Race has been held on the Saturday before Easter Sunday since 1892. The fell race originally started from the Horwich railway works, but since 1930 from the park entrance at Lever Park Avenue. It attracts around 400 runners. The course is 3¼ miles and there is a 700 feet ascent.
The area is popular with walkers and there is an extensive network of public footpaths providing access to the hillside and surrounding moorland. Many walkers continue the Good Friday tradition of walking to the pike summit.
Folklore.
According to folklore, the area around Rivington Pike was the haunt of a spectral horseman, described as demonic or revenant from which a young man is said to have had a lucky escape from in the 1700s.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2860967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860967" title="Alvie, Victoria">
Alvie, Victoria

Alvie is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located along Baynes Road, in the Colac Otway Shire, north-west of Colac. It was named after a Scottish town of the same name, which was the birthplace of James Macpherson Grant, the Minister of Lands. It is situated in what became a rich dairying, potato and onion growing area.
A Post Office at Alvie opened on 27 June 1894 and was closed in 1978.
A railway branch line to Alvie from Colac was opened in 1923, mainly to assist the development of soldier settlement in the area after World War I. The line closed in 1954.
Alvie has an Australian rules football team competing in the Colac & District Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2860969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860969" title="Brian Yuzna">
Brian Yuzna

Brian Yuzna (born August 30, 1949 in the Philippines) is a director, writer and producer of films.
Life.
Yuzna grew up in Nicaragua, Puerto Rico and Panama before moving to the United States in the 1960s.
Career.
Most of Yuzna's film work is in the horror genre, though he has also ventured into science fiction. Like his friend and fellow filmmaker Stuart Gordon, Yuzna is a big fan of H. P. Lovecraft and has adapted several Lovecraft stories for the screen.
With Julio Fernández, Yuzna started Fantastic Factory, a label under Barcelona film company Filmax. Yuzna's goal for Fantastic Factory is produce "modestly budgeted genre (horror, science fiction, fantasy) films for the international market (shot in English language) using genre talent from all around the world and to develop local talent." He was last working as the producer of the Wehrmacht zombie movie Worst Case Scenario, directed by Richard Raaphorst, which takes place after a fictional World Cup 2006 finale between Germany and Netherlands where Germany loses and seeks revenge with a zombie invasion, in May 2009 was announced the project is dead. After four years returned to the Director's chair and filmed the movie Amphibious 3-D which stars actors Michael Paré, Janna Fassaert and Francis Magee. Yuzna is a special guest in Oviento, Italy of the Fantasy Horror Awards 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2860983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860983" title="Croaker, Virginia">
Croaker, Virginia

<br>
Croaker is an unincorporated community in James City County, Virginia, United States on the south bank of the York River 10 miles downstream from West Point. The York River is formed from the confluence of the Mattaponi River and the Pamunkey River at West Point. The York River empties into the Chesapeake Bay about 30 miles downstream from Croaker. 
The name "Croaker" is believed to have derived from the abundant quantity of Atlantic croaker ("Micropogonias undulatus"), an inshore, bottom-dwelling fish found in the Chesapeake Bay at the mouth of the York River.
The town of Croaker was known in its early history as Taskinas Plantation, then Hollywood (due to the many holly trees). "Taskinask" was designated by the Tobacco Inspection Act of 1730 as the site public tobacco warehouse where local planters stored their crops to be shipped to England. 
Croaker had several stores, two schools, a church, and several houses by the early 20th century. Some of the shopkeepers who established a presence before 1950 were members of the Garrett family. Garrett's Grocery opened in 1909 and was run by five generations of the family until its closing on December 31, 2013.
While much of Croaker is now within York River State Park, the remaining area is divided among residential, farming, and woodland area. Interstate 64 skirts the edge of the community, and it is accessed from Exit 231, which is signed "Croaker-Norge." The old Richmond-Williamsburg Stage Road, now U.S. Route 60, also is nearby. 
In February, 2006, the historic Norge railroad station (circa 1908) of the Peninsula Extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was relocated about 1 mile to a site adjacent to the James City County Branch of the Williamsburg Regional Library (opened in 1996) on Croaker Road. The following month, work was underway to set a new foundation for the building. 
York River State Park, opened in 1980, is located at Croaker. In the state park, the historical Croaker Landing is an archaeological site listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="2860985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860985" title="Amphitheatre, Victoria">
Amphitheatre, Victoria

Amphitheatre is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Pyrenees Highway in the Pyrenees Shire, south-west of Avoca. At the 2006 census, Amphitheatre and the surrounding area had a population of 291.
Amphitheatre was originally located further south of its current location, in the natural amphitheatre after which it is named. A Post Office opened on 22 June 1859.
At the end of the gold mining period of the late 19th century the township was moved to the highway. A plaque remains in the original location as the only reminder of this.
The town has a primary school, a Post Office and an Ice Creamery in the old Amphitheatre Hotel. Accommodation is available in the hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="2860993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860993" title="Burgundian Circle">
Burgundian Circle

The Burgundian Circle (, , ) was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire created in 1512 and significantly enlarged in 1548. In addition to the Free County of Burgundy (present-day administrative region of Franche-Comté), the Burgundian Circle roughly covered the Low Countries, i.e., the areas now known as the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg and adjacent parts in the French administrative region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
The circle's territorial scope was reduced considerably in the 17th century with the secession of the Seven United Provinces in 1581 (recognized 1648) and the annexation of the Free County of Burgundy by France in 1678. The occupation and subsequent annexation of Imperial territory to the west of the Rhine river by Revolutionary France in the 1790s effectively brought an end to the circle's existence.
Composition.
After the 1548 Diet of Augsburg, the circle was made up of the following territories:
The County of Burgundy.
both annexed by France according to the 1678 Treaty of Nijmegen.
The Prince-bishopric of Liège remained a part of the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle until its dissolution in 1795.
History.
The Imperial Seventeen Provinces emerged from the Burgundian Netherlands ruled in personal union by the French Dukes of Burgundy. Most of them had been fiefs of the Holy Roman Empire on the territory of Lower Lorraine, except for Flanders and Artois. In 1477 they fell to the House of Habsburg.
In 1363 the French king John II of Valois enfeoffed his youngest son Philip the Bold with the Duchy of Burgundy ("Bourgogne"). Philip in 1369 married Margaret of Dampierre, only child of Count Louis II of Flanders (d. 1384), whose immense dowry not only comprised Flanders and Artois but also the Imperial County of Burgundy. He thereby became the progenitor of the House of Valois-Burgundy who systematically came into possession of different Imperial fiefs: his grandson Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy from 1419, purchased Namur in 1429, inherited the duchies of Brabant and Limburg from his cousin Philip of Saint-Pol in 1430. In 1432 he forced Jacqueline of Wittelsbach to cede him the counties of Hainaut and Holland with Zeeland according to the Treaty of Delft and finally occupied Luxembourg, exiling Duchess Elisabeth of Görlitz in 1443.
The Burgundian realm then bore a faint resemblance to the early medieval Lotharingia, it however fell suddenly with the death of the ambitious Charles the Bold. In 1473 he had made an agreement with Emperor Frederick III of Habsburg according to which he would marry his daughter Mary the Rich to the Emperor's son Archduke Maximilian I of Austria in exchange for the elevation of his Imperial territories to a "Kingdom of Burgundy", co-equal to the French kingdom of his Valois cousins. The Prince-electors, however, forestalled these plans, and the deprived Duke Charles started a desperate campaign against the Duchy of Lorraine and was killed at the 1477 Battle of Nancy. To secure her heritage against King Louis XI of France, his daughter Mary nevertheless married Maximilian in the same year. The Archduke defeated the French troops at the 1479 Battle of Guinegate and by the 1493 Treaty of Senlis annexed the Seventeen Provinces - including the French fiefs of Flanders and Artois - for the House of Habsburg. The sovereignty finally passed to the Empire in the Treaty of Cambrai in 1529. The Duchy of Burgundy proper was seized as a reverted fief by the French crown.
Maximilian's grandson and successor, Emperor Charles V of Habsburg eventually won the Guelderian Wars and united all seventeen provinces under his rule, the last one being the Duchy of Guelders in 1543. The Pragmatic Sanction of 1549 determined that the Provinces should remain united in the future and inherited by the same monarch. Therefore, Charles V introduced the title of "Heer der Nederlanden" ("Lord of the Netherlands"). Only he and his son ever used this title. After Charles V's abdication in 1556, his realms became divided between his son, King Philip II of Spain, and his brother, Emperor Ferdinand I. The Seventeen Provinces went to his son Philip.
Conflicts between Philip II and his Dutch subjects led to the Eighty Years' War, which started in 1568. The seven northern provinces gained their independence as a republic called the Seven United Provinces. They were:
The southern provinces - Flanders, Brabant, Namur, Hainaut, Luxembourg and so forth - were restored to Spanish rule thanks to the military and political talent of the Duke of Parma, especially at the siege of Antwerp (1584-1585). Hence, these Provinces became known as the Spanish Netherlands or the Southern Netherlands.
The northern Seven United Provinces kept parts of Limburg, Brabant and Flanders during and after the Eighty Years' War (see Generality Lands), which ended with the Treaty of Westphalia in 1648.
Artois, and parts of Flanders and Hainaut were ceded to France in the course of the 17th and 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2860994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860994" title="Amir Esmann">
Amir Esmann

Amir Esmann (born 1965 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Director of Photography in Central Europe, known for his association with multiple television and media companies. His productions in former Yugoslavia are most recognized by his peers, and in addition to other commendations, Esmann received the Dr. Karl Renner award. 
Esmann has led several pop documentaries for artists such as Whitney Houston and Jean Paul Gaultier. 
During the days of the Shah, Esmann would live in Tehran, Iran, but would spend most of his time between Austria and Vienna, where in 1999 he would found the Camera Department, a resource for inspiring filmmakers. 
Working for the stations ORF, BBC, ARTE, NHK, TV5, RAI, Esmann continues to be recognized for his contributions as a cameraman and director.

</doc>
<doc id="2860995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860995" title="Major Booth">
Major Booth

"This page is about an English Cricketer. For other persons named William Booth, see William Booth (disambiguation)."
Major William Booth (10 December 1886 in Lowtown, Pudsey, Yorkshire, England – 1 July 1916 near La Cigny, France) was a cricketer who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1908 and 1914, a season in which he was named one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year.
Note that "Major" was a given name, not a military rank. His international career was restricted to playing for England in the 1913-14 tour of South Africa, which was the last Test match tour before the First World War. After receiving a commission in the West Yorkshire Regiment, Booth became Second Lieutenant Major Booth, and died just under a year later when he went over the top on the trenches on 1 July 1916, the first day of the Somme offensive.
Overview.
His earliest cricket was played at Fulneck school, and later he was associated with Pudsey St. Lawrence and the Wath Athletic Club, which played in the Mexborough League, and of which he was captain. He appeared regularly for Yorkshire 2nd XI in 1907 and two following seasons, and in 1908 received his first trial for the County. He did not, however, secure a regular place in the team until two years later, but in 1911 he scored 1,125 runs for his county and took seventy-four wickets, with a highest innings of 210 against Worcestershire on the Worcester ground. He increased his reputation as a bowler in the following summer, and in 1913 made over a thousand runs and took 158 wickets of Yorkshire, his aggregate of 181 wickets in first-class matches being the highest of any bowler that season. In 1914 he was not so successful in batting, but he obtained 141 wickets for Yorkshire at a cost of 18 runs apiece. Although a fine punishing batsman, Booth's claim to fame will rest chiefly upon what he accomplished as a bowler. Possessed of a free, natural action, he made the ball come quickly off the pitch. On occasion his off-break was quite formidable, but his strong points were swerve and pace off the ground.
Notable feats.
His best feats with the ball may be summarised thus:
In two consecutive matches in August, 1914, he and Drake bowled unchanged throughout, Gloucestershire being dismissed for 94 and 84 at Bristol and Somerset for 44 and 90 at Weston-super-Mare. In the second innings of the latter match Booth had the very rare experience of bowling throughout without obtaining a wicket, Drake taking all 10 for 35 runs.
In 1913 Booth was chosen for the Players at Lord's, and during 1913-14 toured South Africa with MCC's team under Douglas' captaincy. His doings abroad were somewhat disappointing, and so strong was the side that he was left out of three of the Test matches. In the 144 games in which he appeared for Yorkshire he scored 4,213 runs with an average of 22.65 and obtained 556 wickets for 18.89 runs each. Tall of stature, good-looking, and of engaging address, Booth was a very popular figure both on and off the cricket field. Booth was brought up at Town End House near the Britannia Inn at Pudsey. He was the best man at Roy Kilner's wedding and the latter named a son after him. There is a memorial tablet in St Lawrence Church in memory of him.
Army service.
In World War I Booth joined the British Army and was commissioned as a second lieutenant on 16 July 1915, having initially been a serjeant. He first served in Egypt from 22 December 1915 before being shipped to the Western Front.
On 1 July 1916 he went "over the top" near La Cigny on the Somme while serving with the 15th (Service) Battalion, The West Yorkshire Regiment (Prince of Wales's Own), also known as "The Leeds Pals". He was followed a short while later by another wave of soldiers among whom was Abe Waddington (later also Yorkshire and England). Waddington was hit and found himself in a shell hole with Booth and held him until he died. Booth's body then remained there until the spring, when he was buried at Serre Road No 1 Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2860997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860997" title="Brushite">
Brushite

Brushite is a phosphate mineral with the chemical formula . It forms colorless to pale yellow monoclinic prismatic crystals and as powdery or earthy masses. It is the phosphate analogue of the arsenate pharmacolite and the sulfate gypsum.
Discovery and occurrence.
Brushite was first described in 1865 for an occurrence on Aves Island, Nueva Esparta, Venezuela, and named for the American mineralogist George Jarvis Brush (1831–1912). It is believed to be a precursor of apatite and is found in guano-rich caves, formed by the interaction of guano with calcite and clay at a low pH. It occurs in phosphorite deposits and forms encrustations on old bones. It may result from runoff of fields which have received heavy fertilizer applications. Associated minerals include tanarakite, ardealite, hydroxylapatite, variscite and gypsum.
Brushite is the original precipitating material in calcium phosphate kidney stones.
It is one of the constitutive elements that form the 150-m-long moonmilk "river" discovered in 2004 in a cave at mount Hernio or mount Ernio, in the Basque country, Guipúzcoa region, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2861000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861000" title="Agre">
Agre

Agre or Aga or Hanga is a clan or gotra of Jats found in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan in India.

</doc>
<doc id="2861003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861003" title="Ancona, Victoria">
Ancona, Victoria

Ancona is a small town in Victoria, Australia named after Ancona in Italy. 
Settled late, a Post Office (briefly named Ancorna) was not opened until 15 September 1905 (closed 1968).
It is located on Ancona Road, in a beautiful valley in the Shire of Mansfield local government area.

</doc>
<doc id="2861004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861004" title="Ryan Hinds">
Ryan Hinds

Ryan O'Neal Hinds (born 17 February 1981) is a West Indian cricketer. He is a left-hand batsman and a slow left-arm orthodox bowler.
Hinds made his debut for Barbados during the 1998 Commonwealth Games, aged just 17. He then captained the West Indian Under-19 side during the 2000 Youth World Cup.
While still a twenty year-old he set a bowling record for Barbados by taking 15 wickets in a match against the Leeward Islands during the 2001 Busta Cup. His first innings figures of 9 for 68 were also a Barbados record. He went into the record books again in a game against the Leeward Islands in 2005/06 when he scored a century in both innings (168 and 150), becoming the first player for Barbados to do so.[http://www.cricketarchive.com/Archive/Records/WestIndies/Firstclass/Barbados/Batting_Records/Hundred_In_Each_Innings_For.html]
His Test debut came against Pakistan at Sharjah in 2001–02 during which he scored a half-century.
In February 2007 while captain of Barbados Hinds showed dissent to an umpiring decision during a bad tempered regional game against Trinidad and Tobago. He escaped a ban, for actions that WICB director Deryck Murray described as the worst behaviour he'd seen in a regional match, because the match report was submitted too late. This along with other incidences of indiscipline have prompted his removal from the captaincy subsequent to which he announced his unavailability for the regional limited-overs championship. It was revealed that Hinds is "mentally exhausted" and that he has sought treatment.
In 2012 he was accused of raping a 28-year old woman and was arrested but shortly after released on bail.

</doc>
<doc id="2861017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861017" title="South of the Border (Robbie Williams song)">
South of the Border (Robbie Williams song)

"South of the Border" is a 1997 song released by Robbie Williams, the third single from his debut album "Life thru a Lens". The song reached #14 on the singles chart, his only single to miss the top ten until "Sin Sin Sin" in 2006. Williams described this single as "One of the best, so much better than Angels". Music critic Joe Garvey said "Love it!" in music magazine "NME". According to his home page, at the very last second, Williams changed his mind and made this his single. This explains why the video is a little uncohesive and mostly a performance shoot. Williams has stated that the song was inspired by Kate Moss, giving way to the opening line "I know a freaky young lady name of cocaine Katie" (the line is changed to "no shame Katie" on the single version). After a few relatively unknown songs parallel to Gary Barlow's career and "South of the Border" failing, many thought this was the end of Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="2861019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861019" title="Earl Lloyd">
Earl Lloyd

Earl Francis Lloyd (born April 3, 1928) is a retired American basketball player. He was the first African American to play in the National Basketball Association, in the 1950–51 NBA season. Three other African Americans played in the same season: Chuck Cooper, Nathaniel Clifton, and Hank DeZonie.
Lloyd, a forward known for his defense, played collegiately at West Virginia State College, was selected in the ninth-round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Washington Capitols. On October 31, 1950, Lloyd became the first African American to play in an NBA game, against the Rochester Royals.
Lloyd led West Virginia State to two CIAA Conference and Tournament Championships in 1948 and 1949. He was named All-Conference three times (1948–50) and was All-American twice, as named by the "Pittsburgh Courier" (1949–50). As a senior, he averaged 14 points and 8 rebounds per game, while leading West Virginia State to a second place finish in the CIAA Conference and Tournament Championship. In 1947-48, West Virginia State was the only undefeated team in the United States.
NBA career.
Nicknamed "The Big Cat", Lloyd was one of three African-Americans to enter the NBA at the same time. It was only because of the order in which the teams' season openers fell that Lloyd was the first to actually play in a game in the NBA. The date was October 31, 1950, one day ahead of Cooper of the Boston Celtics and four days before Nat "Sweetwater" Clifton of the New York Knicks. Lloyd played in over 560 games in nine seasons, the 6-foot-5, 225-pound forward averaged 8.4 points and 6.4 rebounds per game.
Lloyd played in only seven games for the Washington Capitols before the team folded on January 9, 1951. He then went into the U.S. Army at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, before the Syracuse Nationals picked him up on waivers. He spent six seasons with Syracuse and two with the Detroit Pistons before retiring in 1960.
Lloyd retired ranked 43rd in career scoring with 4,682 points. In the 1953-54 season, Lloyd led the NBA in both personal fouls and disqualifications. His best year was 1955, when he averaged 10.2 points and 7.7 rebounds for Syracuse, which beat the Fort Wayne Pistons 4-3 for the NBA title. Lloyd and Jim Tucker were the first African-Americans to play on an NBA championship team.
Lloyd once said; "In 1950, basketball was like a babe in the woods; it didn't enjoy the notoriety that baseball enjoyed." Like Lloyd, Clifton and Cooper had solid but not spectacular careers.
According to Detroit News sportswriter Jerry Green, in 1965 Detroit Pistons General Manager Don Wattrick wanted to hire Lloyd as the team's head coach. It would have made Lloyd the first African-American head coach in American pro sports. Dave DeBusschere was instead named Pistons player–coach. From 1972 to 1973, Lloyd did coach the Pistons and was a scout for five seasons.
Personal.
Lloyd and his wife, Charlita, have three sons, and four grandchildren. Earl currently resides in Fairfield Glade, Tennessee, just outside of Crossville, Tennessee.
Honors.
In 2003, Lloyd was inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor.
Lloyd was named to the NAIA Silver and Golden Anniversary Teams.
On December 1, 2007, the newly constructed basketball court at T. C. Williams High School in Lloyd's home town of Alexandria, Virginia, was named in his honor. Lloyd actually attended Parker-Gray High School, as Alexandria's schools were racially-segregated at the time. T.C. Williams—the subject of the motion picture "Remember the Titans"—was created as a combined, desegregated school two decades later.
In November 2009, "Moonfixer: The Basketball Journey of Earl Lloyd", was released. Lloyd wrote this biography with Syracuse area writer, Sean Kirst.

</doc>
<doc id="2861024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861024" title="Akemi Satō (voice actress)">
Akemi Satō (voice actress)


</doc>
<doc id="2861028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861028" title="System for Award Management">
System for Award Management

The Central Contractor Registration (CCR) was the primary supplier database for the U.S. Federal government until July 30, 2012. The CCR collected data from suppliers, validated and stored this data, and disseminated it to various government acquisition agencies. On July 30, 2012, the CCR transitioned to the System for Award Management (SAM) e-procurement system.
History.
In October 1993, President Bill Clinton issued a memorandum that required the Government to reform its acquisition processes. Subsequently, the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 was passed, requiring the establishment of a "single face to industry". To accomplish this, the United States Department of Defense (DoD) designated a centralized, electronic registration process, known as CCR, as the single point of entry for vendors that want to do business with the DoD. To this end, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), Subpart 204.7300, required contractors to register in the CCR to conduct business with the DoD.
A new Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) policy, published October 1, 2003 (Circular 2003-016, FAR case 2002-018), requires that all federal contractors register in the CCR database prior to the awarding of any contract or purchase agreement.
The CCR and Business Partner Network (BPN) maintained 99.98% uptime. Most user issues stem from DoD mandated security controls or the user's network and/or ISP's not following RFC standards for Internet protocols.
July 24, 2012 began Phase I of a consolidation of federal government systems used for contracting to SAM (System for Acquisition Management). On that date, users were no longer permitted to enter new information into the CCR or the other systems being migrated in Phase I to allow sufficient time for their data to be migrated to SAM. After July 30, 2012, users who visited the CCR, ORCA, or EPLS websites are automatically redirected to SAM.gov.
Transition to SAM.
On July 30, 2012, the CCR transitioned to the System for Award Management (SAM), which combined legacy users' records in the CCR and eight other separate websites and databases that aided in the management of Federal procurement from start to finish. This consolidation SAM was designed to "reduce the burden on those seeking to do business with the government." In addition to eliminating redundancies and streamlining processes, Sam provides a single help desk to resolve issues with any of the databases.
Systems included in SAM.
The systems combined into SAM are listed below, grouped by functional area. Their migration to SAM is being conducted in phases: Phase I of SAM includes the functionality from the entity management systems - Central Contractor Registry (CCR), Federal Agency Registration (Fedreg), Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) - and the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS).
SAM users and registrants.
Users of SAM include contracting officials, grant-makers, contractors, and the public. Those required to register in SAM include:

</doc>
<doc id="2861037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861037" title="Rupert Thomson">
Rupert Thomson

Rupert Thomson (born in Eastbourne, East Sussex on November 5th 1955) is an English author. 
Biography.
Following the sudden death of his mother, Rupert Thomson was educated as a boarder at Christ's Hospital School. At the age of seventeen, he was awarded a scholarship to Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he studied Medieval History and Political Thought. He worked as a copywriter in London from 1978 to 1982, before abandoning his job to write full-time. 
Once described by the critic James Wood as "one of the strangest and most refreshingly un-English voices in contemporary fiction", and compared to writers as various as Franz Kafka, J. G. Ballard, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Charles Dickens, Elmore Leonard, and Mervyn Peake, he is the author of nine critically acclaimed novels. His fourth novel, "The Insult", was shortlisted for the Guardian Fiction Prize, and was chosen by David Bowie as one of his 100 Must-Read Books of All Time. More recently, "Death of a Murderer" was shortlisted for the Costa Novel of the Year. 
His sixth novel, "The Book of Revelation", was made into a feature film by the Australian writer/director, Ana Kokkinos. 
With his 2010 memoir, "This Party's Got to Stop", he ventured into non-fiction for the first time, and explored events surrounding his father's death, and his complex relationship with his brothers and his extended family. "This Party's Got to Stop" won the Writers' Guild Non Fiction Book of the Year. 
His new novel, "Secrecy", which was published in March 2013, is based on the life and work of the eccentric Sicilian wax artist, Gaetano Giulio Zumbo. 
Thomson has lived in many cities throughout the world, including New York, Sydney and Barcelona. He currently lives in South London.

</doc>
<doc id="2861038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861038" title="Sun Cheng">
Sun Cheng

Sun Cheng (孫程) (died 132) was a eunuch at the Imperial Chinese court during the Han Dynasty. Contrary to the stereotype of Han eunuchs being corrupt and power-hungry, he was loyal to the imperial family and tried (unsuccessfully) to counter the culture of corruption.
Contribution to Emperor Shun's restoration.
During Emperor An's reign, those close to him, including the eunuchs Jiang Jing (江京) and Li Run (李閏) and his wet nurse Wang Sheng (王聖), as well as his wife Empress Yan Ji, effectively ran the imperial administration, and used the opportunity to seize power and wealth for themselves. In 124, Jiang and Empress Yan accused the nine-year-old Crown Prince Liu Bao (劉保) of crimes and persuaded Emperor An to demote him to Prince of Jiyin.
In 125, Emperor An died suddenly, and even though Prince Bao was Emperor An's only son, Empress Yan, evidently wanting someone younger she could control, made Liu Yi (劉懿), the Marquess of Beixiang, emperor.
When the young emperor became gravely ill later in the year, Sun, who was then a mid-level eunuch, became concerned that Empress Dowager Yan would again bypass Prince Bao, the rightful heir, and so he entered into a conspiracy with a number of other eunuchs. They swore an oath to restore Prince Bao, and several days after the former Marquess of Beixiang died, they made a sudden assault on the palace and proclaimed Bao as Emperor Shun. After several days of battling with the empress dowager's faction, the eunuchs led by Sun prevailed, and the Yan clan was slaughtered.
For their contributions to his restoration, Emperor Shun created Sun and 18 of his fellow eunuchs marquesses.
Failed attempt to guide Emperor Shun onto the right path.
Emperor Shun, whose temperament was weak, quickly fell under the control of the officials around him. In 126, when the eunuch Zhang Fang (張防) was accused of corruption by the governor of the capital district, Yu Xu (虞詡), he instead convinced the emperor that the accusations were false and that Yu should be sentenced to death. Sun and Zhang Xian (張賢), another eunuch who had helped put the emperor on the throne, interceded at great personal risk. Yu was spared, while Zhang was exiled. However, officials who were close to Zhang then accused Sun and his fellow eunuch-marquesses of being overly arrogant. Emperor Shun therefore sent them out of the capital Luoyang, to their estates. Sun, angered by this, had his marquess seal and emblems returned to the emperor and secretly stayed in the capital, looking to find another chance to try to guide the emperor onto the right path. He was soon captured, but Emperor Shun, remembering his accomplishments, simply sent him back to his estate without further punishment, but also without listening to his advice on stamping out corruption.
Later in life.
In 128, Emperor Shun, remembering what Sun and the others had done for him, summoned them back to the capital, but largely again ignored their advice. In 132, Sun died and was buried with great honors, including the posthumous name Gang (剛, literally "unbending").

</doc>
<doc id="2861040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861040" title="Mayavi">
Mayavi

Mayavi () is a Malayalam comics strip appearing in the Indian comic magazine "Balarama" owned by Malayala Manorama group. The series, created by Mumbai-based artist Pradeep Sathe and NM Mohan, was first published in August 1984 issue of Balarama. Artist M. Mohandas gradually took over the drawing of the series after Balarama became a fortnightly. 
Mayavi, the protagonist in the series, is a little devil, who helps to keep the forest safe from villains and dark wizards. Most of the stories revolve around how a dark wizard Kuttusan and his cadre of wizards aim at capturing Mayavi, but fail with drastic consequences. "Mayavi" takes place in a secluded forest in Kerala. It is not exactly known when the story takes place. In the local language Malayalam Mayavi translates "wizard". As the target audience is young, the story takes the liberty to draw a fantasy world, in which wizards, demons and other strange creatures exist. However, despite the simplicity and slapstick comedy, "Mayavi" became one of the most widely read children's comics in Malayalam language.
Characters.
Mayavi, a good imp, is the main character of the story. Mayavi was a slave of the witch Dagini, and she was very cruel to him. Later Raju and Radha helped to escape the imp from the bottle in which he was kept. Thankful to the children, Mayavi decided to help them forever from the clutches of evil forces. And, Dagini pledged to take revenge the children and re-capture Mayavi. The comics pictures him staying alone in a forest without any notable family. Mayavi is loathed by the evil creatures and villains of the forest. Robbers who often take refuge in the forest to hide are brought to light by Mayavi.
Apart from the power of "invisibility", Mayavi is not known to possess any magical powers, but derives them from his red wand. This handicap has been one of the prominent vulnerabilities that are often exploited by the dark wizards who try to capture him. Once his wand is lost, his imp characteristics command him to be enslaved in a glass bottle by the one who holds his wand. 
Raju and Radha.
Raju and Radha are teenage friends of Mayavi. The similarity of names suggest them to be siblings, however it is not verified in any version of the comic. The children are depicted as roaming about alone in the forest. They befriend Mayavi after helping him to escape from the witch Dakini, who had enslaved him in a bottle.
The children are often imprisoned by Kuttusan and Dakini in a bid to lure Mayavi and thereby trap him. Another common storyline is one in which the children overhear the planning or execution of some dastardly crime. In such situations the children summon Mayavi using the spell ""Om hreem kutichathaa"" .
Kuttusan.
A dark who lives in a hollow tree trunk in the same forest, Kuttusan is one of the main villains in the comic. The storyline depicts capturing Mayavi as the sole purpose of Kuttusan's life. He often goes out of the way, befriending beasts and other dangerous dark creatures in order to satisfy his aim. However, his clumsiness in handling matters related to magic, eventually leads him into trouble. His stupidity and stubbornness is a frequent source of humor in the comic.
Dakini.
Dakini, a witch, appeared in the series well before Kuttusan, is one of the close aides of Kuttusan. However, despite being a witch, she is often depicted as taking a rather repulsive approach to Kuttusan's wizardry. She is noted as much for her cowardice as for her noodle hair.
Well into her old age, she teams up with Kuttusan with the aim of capturing Mayavi. She and Kuttusan also never leave out a chance to catch Raju and Radha, who they know to be friends of Mayavi.
However, Dakini is a tantric deity described as a female embodiment of enlightened energy. In the Tibetan language, dakini is rendered khandroma which means 'she who traverses the sky' or 'she who moves in space'. Sometimes the term is translated poetically as 'sky dancer' or 'sky walker'.
Luttappi.
Luttappi is a cute, innocent devil bearing an uncanny resemblance to Hot Stuff the Little Devil, who works as an aide of Kuttusan. One of the primary sources of humor in the comic, Luttappi is noted for his cheekiness and cowardice. His stupidity and over excitedness often lands everyone in trouble. Luttappi owns the "kuntam", a magical spear that can be propelled in flight (akin to flying brooms used in witchcraft). Manned by Luttappi, the "kuntam" serves as a convenient mode of transport for Luttappi's comrades – Dakini and Kuttusan.
Luttappi stays with Kuttusan at his home in the tree trunk. Despite being a very resourceful aide, Luttappi isn't always at good terms with Kuttusan and Dakini, who, on their part, take little effort in hiding their dislike. Luttappi is often portrayed as doing all the housework for Kuttusan. He is also often shown as grumbling and cursing under his breath.
Vikraman and Muttu.
Vikraman and Muttu are two notorious criminals at large and wanted by the local police. The comics pictures them as using the forest as a hideout after breaking out of jail. Vikraman and Muttu are friends of Kuttusan. However, their friendship is strictly limited to the mutual benefits they gain out of it. Vikraman and Muttu are never portrayed as having a grudge against Mayavi. However, they often assist Kuttusan and Dakini in order to capture him.
Vikraman and Muttu's primary aim is to procure as much wealth and power as they can. In most Mayavi comics featuring them, they are seen conspiring on a break in to the bank or jeweler at the local town. However, all their plans are foiled by Mayavi, who is usually alerted by Raju and Radha.
Lottulodukku and Gulgulumal.
Lottulodukku and Gulgulumal are two evil scientists who invent new gadgets and ideas to destroy the world. They are afraid of Vikraman and Muttu, who steal their inventions and use these tools for their purposes such as robbing the bank and breaking into people's houses. But Vikraman and Mutthu always get into trouble using those gadgets. Their enemies are Raju and Radha, and they are always looking a chance to kill them.
Puttalu.
Uncle of Luttappi, unlike Luttappi, he is dark gray in color. He is much bigger in size than Luttappi. Kuttusan and Dakini go to Puttalu's den to steal many charms and portions to trap Mayavi, but they get trapped in Puttalu's trap instead.
Everybody is afraid of Puttalu, but Puttalu does not have very significant role in Mayavi. He enjoys sleeping and don't want Luttapi to wander with Kuttusan and Dakini. Puttalu's name is created by reading Luttappi's name backwards.
Dress-code change.
Some of the characters in the series, including Mayavi and Luttappi, underwent a major dress-code change in 2011. According to the editor of the magazine, the changes were intended to make the characters acceptable for readers outside Kerala.
Mayavi VCD.
Mayavi-VCD is a 3D animated version of the comic strip published in Balarama. It was released on August 23, 2010 by Manorama Music, a music production company owned by Malayala Manorama Group. Story and concept for this version was also by NM Mohan, who is the creator the comics, which is being published in Balaralam since many decades. The 3D version was developed by Hibiscus Digital Media Pvt. Ltd, Thiruvananthapuram. The music for the title song, "Nammude Veeran Mayavi" was done by Mohan Sithara, while the score and other songs were composed by Jaison. J. Nair. The lyrics were written by Sippy Pallippuram.
The CD featured 7 stories, some of which are already familiar to the readers through the comic series in Balarama, and two songs.

</doc>
<doc id="2861042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861042" title="Carson High School (Carson City, Nevada)">
Carson High School (Carson City, Nevada)

Carson High School is a high school (grades 9–12) in Carson City, Nevada, United States.
Staff.
As of December 24, 2011, the principal of Carson High School is Ron Beck. The vice principals are Patrick Houlihan and Joseph Girdner.
Mascot.
Carson High School's mascot is the Senator.

</doc>
<doc id="2861044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861044" title="Land description">
Land description

A Land description consists of the written words which delineate a specific piece of real property. Also known as a "Legal Description". In the written transfer of real property, it is universally required that the instrument of conveyance (deed) include a written description of the property.
Legal land description.
United States.
Land descriptions within the United States can generally be classified as one of these basic types (1) the "metes and bounds" system; (2) the US Public Land Survey system; and (3) the "lot and block" survey system. Some legal descriptions blend more than one of these systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2861047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861047" title="Variational methods in general relativity">
Variational methods in general relativity

Variational methods in general relativity refers to various mathematical techniques that employ the use of variational calculus in Einstein's theory of general relativity. The most commonly used tools are Lagrangians and Hamiltonians and are used to derive the Einstein field equations.
Lagrangian methods.
The equations of motion in physical theories can often be derived from an object called the Lagrangian. In classical mechanics, this object is usually of the form, 'kinetic energy − potential energy'. For more general theories, the Lagrangian is some functional, such that the formation of the Euler–Lagrange equations from it recovers the required equations.
David Hilbert gave an early and classic formulation of the equations in Einstein's general relativity. This used the functional now called the Einstein-Hilbert action.

</doc>
<doc id="2861050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861050" title="Stuart Parnaby">
Stuart Parnaby

Stuart Parnaby (born 19 July 1982) is an English footballer who plays as a right back for League Two side Hartlepool United.
Parnaby graduated from Middlesbrough's Academy, which was run by his father, Dave. He went on to make more than 100 appearances for Middlesbrough's first team before joining Birmingham City in 2007. After four years with the club, a time disrupted by injury, he was released at the end of the 2010–11 season. After having one year out of the game, Parnaby rejoined Middlesbrough on a two-year deal in July 2012.
Career.
Middlesbrough.
Parnaby, a native of Durham, County Durham, began his senior career for Middlesbrough in September 2000 in a League Cup match against Macclesfield Town. The next month, he was loaned to Halifax Town, during which time he played six games and won Division Three's Player of the Month award.
Parnaby did not feature in the 2001–02 season, due to long-lasting injuries. Again, during the 2003–04 season, he found himself struggling to feature in the team after a four-month layoff for a knee injury. The following year, he played in over half Middlesbrough's Premier League matches, and in the 2005–06 season, he played a full part in their progress to the semi-final of the FA Cup and the final of the UEFA Cup, in which he started. He was first choice right-back at the start of the 2006–07 season, but the form and performances of fellow defenders Andrew Davies and Abel Xavier made him lose his place in the starting line-up.
Birmingham City.
Parnaby signed a three-year contract with Birmingham City on a free transfer on 1 June 2007.
In the 2007–08 Premier League season, Parnaby struggled with injuries and loss of form, so was unable to dislodge former Tottenham Hotspur player Stephen Kelly from the right-back spot. Kelly retained the jersey for the whole campaign, becoming the only player to play every Premiership game. However in pre-season in preparation for the 2008–09 season Kelly picked up a groin strain, so manager Alex McLeish picked Parnaby for the first game of the season against Sheffield United in the Championship.
Parnaby was a substitute in Birmingham's first match after their return to the Premier League, against Portsmouth, replacing Grégory Vignal in a 1–0 victory in August 2009.
He scored his first goal for Birmingham against Coventry City in the FA Cup on 29 January 2011.
He was an unused substitute as Birmingham won the 2011 League Cup, defeating favourites Arsenal 2–1. Following the club's relegation at the end of the 2010–11 season, Parnaby left the club when his contract expired.
After training with clubs including Coventry City and Leeds United, Parnaby was reported in late September to have agreed a contract and passed a medical with former club Birmingham City, but the club made a decision not to proceed. He later had trials with Millwall, Charlton Athletic, Carlisle United and Hull City.
Return to Middlesbrough.
On 2 July 2012, Parnaby rejoined Middlesbrough on a two-year deal with the option of a further year. He made his competitive debut on 25 September as manager Tony Mowbray made eleven changes for the League Cup match at Preston North End, which Boro won 3–1. Parnaby was released by the club on the 16th May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2861051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861051" title="Antwerp, Victoria">
Antwerp, Victoria

Antwerp is a small town in Victoria, Australia on the Dimboola – Rainbow Road, in the Shire of Hindmarsh, 14 kilometres north of Dimboola and 356 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. The Wimmera River is located 500 metres west of the town.
History.
The area was first settled by Europeans in 1846, when George Shaw and Horatio Ellerman applied for for sheep grazing. Ellerman named the area after his birthplace, the Belgian city of Antwerp. In 1858 two Moravian missionaires, Reverend Friedrich Hagenauer and Reverend Spieseke, arrived in the area. By 1859 they had built a church, and in 1860 they baptised their first Aborigine.
During the 1880s, the Eucalyptus Mallee Oil Company began operations in the township, distilling eucalyptus oil, which was sold under the brand name EMU. The eucalyptus oil business was responsible for the influx of people into the district.
Antwerp State School No. 3104 (originally named Antwerp South State School) opened circa 1891, with tenders called to relocate a building from Koonik Koonik in 1901 and additions in 1905. The building was condemned by the Shire of Dimboola in 1909 on health grounds due to overcrowding. The school was rebuilt and continued operating until closure at the end of 1981 due to falling enrolments. The school buildings were removed from the site after closure.
The first "Antwerp" Post Office opened on 25 November 1891, but was renamed Antwerp North in March 1892 and then Tarranyurk in May 1895, which mirrored its location along the railway line. The new Antwerp Post Office opened at Antwerp township in March 1892 and closed in January 1990.
Antwerp railway station and sidings on the Dimboola to Jeparit railway line opened in June 1894. Passengers were carried on mixed goods/passenger trains pre-war (six days per week in 1928). The railway line was converted from broad to standard gauge in 1995.
The concrete "Geelong" silos for bulk grain handling and storage were built for the Grain Elevators Board of Victoria and opened for the 1939/40 harvest. The steel "ASCOM" silos were built in the late 1950s and the grain bunker area was constructed in the early 1980s.
A timber bridge was constructed across the river at Antwerp circa 1890. This bridge remained in service until replaced with a concrete bridge that was built parallel to it on the upstream side around 1990.
A timber weir was built across the Wimmera River in 1903 to provide a perennial water supply by regulating the river. Open channels were constructed across the landscape.
Social infrustructure reflected the larger population in the early years, which included a hall built in 1904, a Methodist church and sports facilities including an oval and tennis courts at a recreation reserve across the river. The town previously had its own football, cricket, tennis and rowing clubs, with rowing regattas held on the Wimmera River.
Antwerp Today.
Today, the ruins of the Ebenezer Mission to Aborigines have been restored and is the town's tourist attraction. A downsized town remains with a few houses, the grain silos adjoining the railway line, the hall and the bridge with tennis courts across the other side. The Antwerp Tennis Club is still competing.
The grain facilities are currently not utilised, with the railway siding used to store surplus grain wagons.

</doc>
<doc id="2861054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861054" title="Ralph Day">
Ralph Day

Ralph Carrette Day (November 21, 1898 – May 21, 1976) was mayor of Toronto, Ontario from 1938 to 1940. He was also an accomplished funeral director, owning his own funeral home. He also served as chairman of the Toronto Transit Commission in the 1960s and 1970s.
In 1916, at the age of 17, Day joined the Canadian army to fight in World War I. He would fight and survive action at the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
Day entered municipal politics and served as a Controller in the 1930s, and as of 1934 was an alderman, before being elected mayor in 1938 and served until 1940.
Italian-Canadian men were interned by the federal government shortly after Italy declared war on Canada during World War II; Day announced on June 11, 1940 that their families, despite now lacking a breadwinner, would be denied welfare stating "This country is at war with Italy and Italians cannot very well expect us to spend money for war purposes for the purpose of maintaining alien enemies."
In 1963 Day became chairman of the Toronto Transit Commission a position he would hold until 1972.
The Ralph Day Funeral Home still operates but has since merged with another Day family acquisition "Heritage Funeral Centre, "Ralph Day Chapel" in Toronto on Overlea Boulevard.
Personal life.
With his wife Vera he had two daughters and one son. His son would marry former mayor Allan A. Lamport's daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2861055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861055" title="The Estates">
The Estates

The States or the Estates (, , ) signifies the assembly of the representatives of the estates of the realm, the divisions of society in feudal times, called together for purposes of deliberation, legislation or taxation. In German speaking countries they were also known by the name "Landtag" (see also "Diet").
In many states, the first estate were the clergymen, the second estate was composed of the nobility, and the third estate was composed of the commoners (bourgeoisie, artisans and peasants). The actual representation of these three estates in the assembly could vary from country to country. Bourgeoisie, peasants and people with no estate from birth were separated in Sweden and Finland as late as in 1905.
States General.
In some countries, there were estates assemblies both on a provincial and national level, the latter often being known as the 'States General' or national Diet. Some examples of this:
In some countries, the parliament kept the same name when its feudal organization was replaced with a more modern kind of representation, like census or universal suffrage. An example of this was the "Reichstag" of the German Weimar Republic (1919-1933), now succeeded by the Bundestag. In Sweden, the Riksdag of the Estates was replaced with the Riksdag in 1866.
Some examples where a present-day parliament or government still has the historical name:

</doc>
<doc id="2861060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861060" title="Churchill County High School">
Churchill County High School

Churchill County High School is located in Fallon, Churchill County, Nevada.
The Churchill County has a recorded history that goes back to 1916 though the school is older. In the past, students were bussed to the school an incredible 75 miles from Dixie Valley.
Academics.
Part of the Churchill County School District, operating under the Principal Kevin Lords, the school has around 1400 students in grades 9–12. 
Education standards are very high, with Churchill County's Academic Team being placed 1st in the Nevada Academic League in results published in April 2006 and a teacher at the School, Steve Johnson, being a winner of the "Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching", the Nation's highest honors for teachers of mathematics and science, in 1999.
Athletics.
The Greenwave (representing the blowing waves of alfalfa crops grown all over the county) compete in the Ruby Mountain League of the Northern Nevada 3A Region, which is the second largest classification level in Nevada. After years in the Northern 4A, Churchill County moved down to 3A starting in 2010. the Greenwave look to start a tradition of dominance in the 3A, particularly in boys' golf, wrestling, baseball, softball, track and field, and soccer; programs which have been fairly competitive in the 4A.
Mascot and School Song.
The Churchill County High School mascot is the Fighting Greenwave, and the sports team names are the Greenwave, or 'Wave for short. The Greenwave is in the shape of a wave, with a Kelly Green body, a white rolling top, and wearing white boxing gloves. 
The term Greenwave originates from the many farms in Churchill County who raise alfalfa, and when the crops are high and the wind blows, it creates the visual effect of waves flowing through the green alfalfa fields.
Prior to being called the Greenwave, the teams took the name "Melon Pickers", from the famous Hearts-of-Gold cantelope melons grown in the area.
The lyrics of the school's song, sung to the tune of the University of Wisconsin fight song are:
Onward Greenwave, onward Greenwave,
Fight right through that line
Never waiver, never falter
Touchdown sure this time
Fight! Fight! Fight!
Onward Greenwave, onward Greenwave
With you all the way
We're going to fight Fallon
Fight, fight, fight,
To win this game
History.
Churchill County High School was originally located at 650 S. Maine in Fallon, NV. The High School moved to its current location at 1222 Taylor Street (formerly Minnie P. Blair Middle School) in 1988 to accommodate the growth in the student population. Prior to the move, the high school was grades 10-12, while the freshman class attended the Junior High School (EC Best at the time). The old high school building now is home to the Churchill County Junior High School.
Discipline.
In November 2006 closed circuit television was installed, the first school in the state to have such a comprehensive system, and has proven effective in enhancing discipline.
This was needed since according to a regional survey, almost 7% of Churchill County students have used methamphetamine, and anecdotal data points to a number closer to 15%.

</doc>
<doc id="2861063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861063" title="Hubert Lawrence Anthony">
Hubert Lawrence Anthony

Hubert Lawrence "Larry" Anthony (12 March 189712 July 1957), Australian politician, founded the only three-generation dynasty in the history of the Australian House of Representatives.
Anthony was born in Warren, New South Wales, and had a limited education in bush schools. In 1914 he joined the Australian Army and spent World War I in the Signals Corps, seeing active duty in Gallipoli. He was discharged in 1916 following his return to Australia, where he was initially admitted to the first Auxiliary Hospital suffering from throat disease. After the war he settled at Murwillumbah on the NSW north coast, where he took up banana farming. By the 1930s he was the biggest banana-grower in Australia and chairman of the Banana Growers Federation. This made him an influential figure in the politics of the Northern Rivers region.
In 1937 Anthony was elected to the House of Representatives as Country Party member for the seat of Richmond. As a powerful figure in the party he had rapid promotion. He was an Honorary Minister 1940–1941, and Minister for Transport in 1941. During the years of the wartime Australian Labor Party government (1941–1949), he was a senior member of the Opposition.
In 1949 the conservatives returned to power under Robert Menzies, and Anthony became Postmaster-General, adding the post of Minister for Civil Aviation in 1951. He held these posts until his sudden death at Murwillumbah in 1957. He was succeeded as Member for Richmond by his son Doug Anthony, then aged 27. Doug Anthony was later leader of the Country Party and Deputy Prime Minister of Australia 1971–1972 and 1975–1983. Doug's son Larry Anthony was Member for Richmond 1996–2004 and was a junior minister in the Howard government.
The Anthonys are the only three-generation dynasty in the House of Representatives, although Alexander Downer is the son of a federal MP and the grandson of a Senator.

</doc>
<doc id="2861064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861064" title="Anne Haney">
Anne Haney

Anne Haney (born Anne Ryan Thomas; March 4, 1934 – May 26, 2001) was an American actress, perhaps best known for her roles as social worker Mrs. Sellner in "Mrs. Doubtfire" and Greta the secretary in "Liar Liar".
Career.
Haney appeared in the ' episode "" as Rishon Uxbridge, and later appeared as a Bajoran arbitrator in the ' episode "". She was a regular guest-star during the syndicated run of "Mama's Family", playing Alberta Meechum, the nemesis of Thelma Harper. On "Our House" she played fussy neighbor Virginia Taft. She was also a regular guest-star of "L.A. Law", playing Judge Marilyn Travelini. She guest starred on "Designing Women", "The Golden Palace", "Charmed", "Boy Meets World", "Columbo", "ER", and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" as the mother of Mary Steenburgen's character. One of her last appearances was in the "Ally McBeal" season 4 episode "Reasons to Believe" (which aired on January 8, 2001). 
Personal life.
She was married to John Haney, whom she met at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where she had been studying drama, radio, and television. After his death in 1980, she moved with their daughter to Southern California, where she began her acting career.
Death.
On May 26, 2001, Haney died of heart failure at age 67.

</doc>
<doc id="2861073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861073" title="States of Guernsey">
States of Guernsey

The States of Guernsey () is the parliament of the British Crown dependency of Guernsey. Some laws and ordinances approved by the States of Guernsey also apply to Alderney and Sark (the other component parts of the Bailiwick of Guernsey) as "Bailiwick-wide legislation" with the consent of the governments of those islands. All enactments of the States of Guernsey apply to Herm as well as Guernsey, since Herm is wholly owned by the States of Guernsey.
When constituted as a legislature, it is officially called the "States of Deliberation". When constituted as an electoral college, it is officially called the "States of Election".
The States of Deliberation consists of 45 People's Deputies, elected from multi- or single-member districts every four years. There are also two non-voting members being the Law Officers of the Crown - the Procureur (Attorney General) and the Comptroller (Solicitor General) both appointed by the monarch. The Bailiff presides over the States. Two Deputies are appointed by the States of Alderney to represent Alderney's interest in matters delegated by Alderney to Guernsey under the 1948 Agreement. The Alderney Representatives are full members of the States of Deliberation but are unpaid, and are chosen from the 10 members of the States of Alderney after an Alderney-wide plebiscite.
Legislation passed by the States is termed "Laws" ("Loi"), which take effect in the island by Order-in-Council. Minor and secondary legislation does not require the assent of the Queen-in-Council and are known as "Ordinances" ("Ordonnances").
The legislature derives its name from the "estates" (French: "états") of the Crown, the Church and the people from whom the assembly was originally summoned. The Jurats, representing the Crown, and the representatives of the Church of England were replaced in the constitutional reforms following the Second World War, when the office of Conseiller was introduced.
Until the General Election of 2000, there were 33 Deputies elected with three year mandates, and 12 Conseillers representing the Bailiwick, serving terms of six years, with half being elected every three. The Conseillers were not originally directly elected by the people (although latterly directly elected by Bailiwick-wide vote), and the office has now been abolished. The 10 Douzaine representatives (representing parish authorities) were removed from the States in the 2004 constitutional reform.
Latest election.
The latest election was on 18 April 2012

</doc>
<doc id="2861075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861075" title="Sacred Heart High School">
Sacred Heart High School

"Sacred Heart High School" may refer to:
See also.
Secred Heart High School, Miles City, Montana

</doc>
<doc id="2861078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861078" title="Scout (train)">
Scout (train)

The Scout was one of the named passenger trains of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. It started as train Nos. 1 (westbound) & 10 (eastbound) between Chicago, Illinois and Los Angeles, California. Inaugurated on January 16, 1916, this "budget" heavyweight train had tourist sleeping cars with upper and lower berths, "chair" cars (coaches) and an open-end observation car.
The train was assigned Nos. 1 & 2 in 1920 and reverted to Nos. 1 & 10 a year later. In summer 1926 it left Chicago at 1115 and arrived Los Angeles at 0900 three days later, running via Ottawa Jct, Amarillo and Fullerton. In November 1939 it left at 2045 and arrived 0700, sixty hours on the same route except via Pasadena.
The "Scout" made its last run on June 7, 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="2861080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861080" title="Sponge Cola">
Sponge Cola

Sponge Cola (sometimes spelled Spongecola) is a Filipino rock band formed in 2002, and produced many hit songs including "Jeepney", "Bitiw", "Tambay", "Kay Tagal Kitang Hinintay", and "XGF".
Original drummer Chris Cantada left the group due to health issues. Wendell Garcia of bands Arch1pelago and Pupil, and Ted Mark "Tmac" Cruz who plays drums for bands Happy Meals and The Out of Body Special filled in as sessionists after Cantada's departure. In late 2009, Cruz was confirmed to be a permanent member of the band. Cantada eventually went on to have his solo project in late 2011 with the debut album titled "Heartbeat", co-produced by Yael Yuzon.
Formation.
The band formed Between 1998 to 2002, Ysmael "Yael" Yuzon and Reynaldo "Gosh" Dilay (both from Ateneo de Manila High School) met through the school's theatre guild, "Teatro Baguntao". Yuzon decided to form a band with Dilay and two other members of "Teatro Baguntao". They named the group "Sponge" after R.S. Surtees' "Mr. Sponge Sporting Tour", and the band won in several high school competitions boosting their popularity on campuses and in other schools.
After a couple of lineup changes, drummer Christopher "Chris" Cantada and Rampqueen guitarist Erwin "Armo" Armovit joined the band permanently. Later on, they heard of a Detroit grunge band already using the name Sponge. "But we wanted to keep the word Sponge in our band name because people have already associated us with that name...so we decided to add 'Cola', since it's an easy enough word to remember," Yuzon said. Sponge Cola was officially formed in summer of 2003.
Early years.
After touring the healthy local gig circuit during their senior year in high school, they released a 5-track, all original, self-titled EP in 2003. It is from here that critics and music aficionados immediately took note of the songs “Lunes (trans: Monday)” and “Jeepney”, slowly creating buzz in the underground music scene. In the same year, the band performed a cover of Madonna's seminal classic "Crazy for You", a bootlegged copy of which was shared and downloaded immensely via peer-to-peer networks. This, along with the EP, helped the band break into mainstream consciousness and popularity, gaining extensive airplay from several local pop and rock radio stations.
"Palabas" (2004-2006).
In 2004, Sponge Cola signed a record distribution deal with Sony BMG Philippines and released their first full-length debut album entitled "Palabas (trans: The Show)", an allusion to their roots in theatre. “KLSP”, the album's lead single, further spread the band's name all over the OPM market, gaining heavy airplay in local radio stations and music channels. Other hits included the Shakespeare-inspired “Gemini”, “Una (trans: The First)”, and a remastered “Jeepney”, all hitting number 1 in various music charts in the Philippines. This, along with a slew of other releases from other OPM bands, spearheaded the resurgence of Pinoy rock, and revitalized OPM as a whole. After a subsequent repackaged release the following year, "Palabas" was certified Gold in 2005.
"Transit" (2006-2008).
Their second full-length CD "Transit" was released in 2006 under Universal Records. The album was certified gold in less than four months after release, mainly due to the success of lead single "Bitiw (trans: Let Go)", which enjoyed massive radio and television airplay. The song also became the theme song of the ABS-CBN television series "Pedro Penduko". The album’s second and third singles “Tuliro (trans: Dumbfounded)” and “Pasubali (trans: Conditions)”, were hits in their own right, and have proven to be two of the band's most requested during their live sets.
Sponge Cola also contributed on three tribute albums. They recorded covers of the Eraserheads hit, "Pare Ko" on "", and APO Hiking Society's classics "Nakapagtataka" and "Saan Na Nga Ba'ng Barkada" on the tribute albums "Kami nAPO muna" and "Kami nAPO Muna ULIT".
The band won four awards in the 2007 MYX Music Awards, besting other OPM acts in both Favorite Artist and Favorite Group categories, while "Bitiw" was voted as both Favorite Song and Favorite Rock Video. In the same year, ABS-CBN once again tapped Sponge Cola for the theme song of "Pedro Penduko at ang mga Engkantao", "Tuloy Pa Rin". The band was also featured in the MYX show "Myxellaneous", following their fast evolution from young upstarts to one of the more stellar acts in the Philippine Rock scene.
The single "Pasubali" was released along with a deluxe edition of "Transit" in 2008, and was used as the theme song to ABS-CBN's airing of the Koreanovela "Lovers". This set includes a bonus AVCD featuring "Tuloy Pa Rin", "Nakapagtataka", "Tuliro (Semi-Emo Version)", "Pasubali (Acoustic Version)", "Intercept", and "Pasubali (Radio Edit)". It also includes the music videos of "Bitiw", "Nakapagtataka", "Tuliro", "Tuloy Pa Rin", "Movie", and "Pasubali", and hit platinum a week after release.
Self-titled release (2008-2010).
The band released their third album in September 2008. The self-titled record was an instant success both critically and commercially, led by the official theme song for Season 71 of the UAAP – “Puso (trans: Heart)”. The song would continue to be the league's anthem for the next 4 years. Other singles include the massive hit “Di Na Mababawi (trans: You Can't Take it Back)”, “Wala Kang Katulad (trans: You Are like No Other)”, “Makapiling Ka (trans: To Be With You) ”, and “Ayt!”, a collaboration with Gary Valenciano. The band also rerecorded Gino Padilla’s classic “Closer You and I” for Closeup Toothpaste.
During recording, Chris Cantada left the band citing that the heavy touring was contributing to his health problems. A handful of drummers joined the band on tours, most notably Pupil's Wendell Garcia. By 2009, Ted "TMAC" Cruz signed on as the band's official drummer.
MP3 and MP4 albums.
Sponge Cola became the first Philippine band to release its new album in MP3 and MP4. All songs, including those in the past albums are included in the music players launched on 4 January 2009 with " 'Di Na Mababawi" on "ASAP".
"Tambay" EP, "Araw Oras Tagpuan", "District" EP 2010-2012.
In late 2011, the band released their much awaited and highly anticipated 4th full-length studio album under Universal Records. Entitled "Araw Oras Tagpuan" (trans: Day Time Setting), it contains 12 tracks including songs from the band’s "Tambay" (trans: Hanging Out) EP, released earlier in 2010 via a Coca-Cola promo. The outstanding sales of Tambay and Araw Oras Tagpuan gave Sponge Cola a diamond record award as it sold over 200,000 units that summer. It featured the lead single "Tambay", "Araw Oras Tagpuan", "Regal", "Kay Tagal Kitang Hinintay", and "Stargazer". Former drummer Chris Cantada appeared as a cameo guest for the music video of "Tambay". Fran of RX 93.1, Kim Marvilla of defunct radio station NU 107, film director Wincy Ong, and singer Zia Quizon also appear in said video, which is, according to the band, an homage to the film franchise, Back to the Future.
In September of the following year, the band's 6-track "District" EP was released, with lead single “XGF” featuring Parokya ni Edgar vocalist Chito Miranda and rapper Los Magno. Shortly after its release, "XGF" became the top download of MyMusicStore.com for 7 weeks. Fresh and innovative, District also ruled the sales charts of local record store Odyssey upon release. Other singles “Mahaba pa ang Gabi (trans: The Night is Young) and “Pick Your Poison” enjoyed success as well, the latter being used for GMA Films' Metro Manila Film Festival entry “Sosy Problems”.
ULTRABLESSED and MAXIMUM CAPACITY release and more plans on 2014.
Sponge Cola released their 5th new album called "ULTRABLESSED" on January 31, 2014,The same day they release their first DVD concert called "MAXIMUM CAPACITY" which was recorded last July 19, 2013.
Awards and honours.
Awards.
NU 107 Rock Awards:
RX 93.1
99.5 RT
ASAP Pop Viewer's Choice:
MYX Music Awards:
1ST OPM Songhits Awards 2007
40th Box Office Entertainment Awards
4th PMPC Star Awards for Music
44th Box Office Entertainment Awards 2013 (Guillermo Mendoza Awards for 2012)
Nominations.
MYX Music Awards:
MTV Pilipinas Video Music Awards:
NU 107 Rock Awards:
SOP Pasiklaband:
SOP Music Awards:
AWIT Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2861081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861081" title="Ansumane Mané">
Ansumane Mané

Ansumane Mané (c. 1940 – 30 November 2000) was a Guinea-Bissau soldier who led a 1998 uprising against the government of President João Bernardo Vieira, which caused a brief, but bloody Civil War.
Military background.
Mané fought in the war of independence from Portugal alongside Vieira, and he backed Vieira when the latter seized power in a 1980 coup. In early 1998, he was suspended as Chief of Staff of the armed forces for allegedly smuggling arms to Casamance separatist rebels in Senegal. In a letter published in early April 1998, he in turn made the same accusation against the Minister of Defense, Samba Lamine Mané, and other officers; he also alleged that Vieira had permitted the arms smuggling and claimed that he was suspended as Chief of Staff in connection with "shady plan to mount a coup d'état".
Mané was subsequently dismissed by Vieira and replaced by General Humberto Gomes on 6 June 1998. He led a military rebellion against Vieira on the following day, resulting in the civil war. A peace agreement in November 1998 provided for a transitional national unity government and new elections.
After Vieira was deposed on 7 May 1999 in a renewed outbreak of fighting, Mané became temporary head of state (official title: "Chairman of the Supreme Command of the Military Junta") until 14 May when Malam Bacai Sanhá, the President of the National People's Assembly, was installed as acting President.
Political growth.
The military junta headed by Mané remained in place during the transitional period leading to new elections; Mané cast himself as a guardian of democracy. A parliamentary election, along with the first round of a presidential election, was held on 28 November 1999. Two weeks prior to this, Mané's junta proposed an arrangement giving it power over the government for ten years, which would enable it to dissolve the government in case of a severe political crisis; however, political parties objected to this and the proposal was dropped. Although the junta backed the presidential candidacy of Malam Bacai Sanhá of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC) in the second round of the election, held in January 2000, Kumba Ialá of the Party for Social Renewal (PRS) was victorious. Prior to the election, Ialá had already said that it would not be acceptable for the junta to remain in any capacity.
Downfall.
Although the junta was dissolved following Ialá's victory, Mané remained powerful, acting as an obstacle to Ialá's authority. At one point he refused to allow Ialá to go to Senegal on a state visit; he also accompanied Ialá on a visit to Nigeria. In November 2000, Ialá promoted a number of senior military officers; Mané objected to the promotions and declared himself head of the armed forces. He revoked Ialá's promotions, placed military chief of staff Verissimo Correia Seabra and deputy chief of staff Emilio Costa under house arrest, and appointed General Buota Nan Batcha as the new chief of staff. When issuing a communique claiming that the situation was calm, he signed it as the head of the junta, which had previously been dissolved when Ialá was elected President. Fighting broke out on 23 November between forces loyal to Mané and those loyal to Seabra. The government subsequently said that Mané fled to Quinhamel in Biombo Region, in the west of the country.
Death.
He was killed during a shootout with government forces in Biombo Region a week later, on 30 November 2000, along with two others. Although state television broadcast images of three bodies, these were deemed unrecognizable by the international media. The opposition PAIGC said that Mané was correct to oppose the promotions.
Among Mané's most prominent allies was Naval Chief of Staff Mohamed Lamine Sanha.

</doc>
<doc id="2861083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861083" title="Apsley, Victoria">
Apsley, Victoria

Apsley is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is on the Wimmera Highway, in the Shire of West Wimmera, 420 kilometres north-west of Melbourne, and 7 kilometres east of the South Australian border. The town is named after Apsley House in London. It was surveyed in 1851 and proclaimed in 1852, a Post Office opening on 1 January 1854 replacing that of Lake Wallace (open since 1 March 1849 nearer what is now Edenhope serving the grazing population.
The population at the 2011 census was 324. The town is close to Lake Bringalbert and Newlands Lake, and the Saint Gregory's Vineyard, which specialises in port wine. 
Apsley had a football club that competed in the Kowree Naracoorte Football League from 1937. Later this would become the Kowree Naracoorte Tatiara Football League where Apsley competed until 1999, when they merged with Edenhope. Since 2007 Edenhope Apsley have played in the Horsham & District Football League. Apsley's best known footballer was Reg Burgess, who played for the Essendon Football Club
A large Red-flowering Gum on Wallace Street is listed on the National Trust of Australia's Significant Tree Register for Victoria.
Golfers play at the Apsley Golf Club on the Wimmera Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="2861091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861091" title="JetStream">
JetStream

JetStream and Mobile JetStream are two former brand names used by Telecom New Zealand to market its retail and resale ADSL-based fixed line and CDMA2000-based 3G wireless Internet access offerings respectively. The retail ADSL offering from its own Internet service provider, Xtra, was commonly referred to by the company as "Xtra Broadband". "Jetstream" is no longer used, and has been replaced with "Ultra" for their Broadband and Mobile offerings. Xtra branding was retired in 2008.
Retail ADSL offerings (using Telecom's network) from non-Telecom ISPs such as Vodafone and Slingshot (ISP) were often sold under the resale option. The Jetstream partnering program was retired in August 2005. Resellers were then migrated to retail plans that either use Telecom's wholesaled "WBS" or "UBS" ADSL offerings.
VDSL and Fibre broadband are becoming more popular options in 2014

</doc>
<doc id="2861092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861092" title="Steve Watson">
Steve Watson

Steven Craig "Steve" Watson (born 1 April 1974 in North Shields, England) is a former English footballer, who retired after being released by Sheffield Wednesday on 15 May 2009. As of 24 August 2012, he is a coach at Championship side Birmingham City.
Playing career.
Watson began his career with Newcastle United, playing on a regular basis. At the time of his debut, as a substitute in a 2-1 defeat to Wolves on 10 November 1990, he was the youngest person ever to play for Newcastle, a record he holds to this day. Watson appeared 24 times that season, firstly under Jim Smith and then under Ossie Ardiles as Newcastle struggled in the old Second Division.
Watson featured prominently during the 1991-92 season as Kevin Keegan returned to Newcastle and relegation to the old Third Division was famously avoided. During his seven years at the club, he wore a jersey with every shirt number 2–11 at least once, earning a reputation as a key all round capable footballer integral to "The Entertainers" style of play 
Watson remained in the Newcastle first team picture under Kevin Keegan and his successor Kenny Dalglish, but was sold by Ruud Gullit, to the surprise of Newcastle fans, in a desperate attempt to make funds available. Steve was hugely popular with the Newcastle faithful and years later the feeling amongst the Toon Army is that Watson should never have left. Whilst at Newcastle, he played in the 1998 FA Cup Final.
Steve Watson was transferred to Aston Villa for £4m in October 1998. At Villa he scored once against Southampton in the League Cup.
He moved to Everton in the summer of 2000 in a £2.5m deal. When boss Walter Smith found his squad decimated by injury, Watson found himself a regular striker alongside Tomasz Radzinski, a role he had started to play at the beginning of his career before transferring to the defence. His time with Everton was blighted with injury, although he did enjoy some time in the first team for the 2003–2004 season, the highlight of which was a hat-trick against Leeds United in September 2003. 
Watson was signed by West Bromwich Albion prior to the 2005–06 season. He made his Albion debut as a late substitute in a 0–0 draw away at Manchester City on 13 August 2005. His only goal for the club was scored on 2 January 2006, in a 2–1 home defeat against his former club Aston Villa. 
On 9 February 2007, he joined Sheffield Wednesday on loan until the end of the 2006–07 season and made his debut away at Burnley in a 1–1 draw on 10 February at Turf Moor. Before he joined them, the Yorkshire side had lost five matches in a row. However, they won six, drew four and only lost once when Watson was in the side. He was primarily signed by Brian Laws due to his versatility to play in central midfield alongside playmaker Glenn Whelan, but also excelled when called upon at centre-back. Due to a clause in his contract, he missed Wednesday's 1–0 victory over his parent club West Brom and was then re-called with only two games remaining. Watson moved to Wednesday permanently in July 2007 on a free transfer. His first goal for the club came as a 90th minute equaliser against West Brom at The Hawthorns on 6 November.
On 2 July 2008 it was announced that Watson would succeed Lee Bullen as club captain for the 2008–09 season, taking charge of off-the-field matters, with Richard Wood retaining his role as team captain and being responsible for on-the-field affairs. On 19 October Watson scored the winner in the Steel City Derby against Sheffield United; his volleyed lob over Paddy Kenny in the 35th minute gave Wednesday a 1–0 win. On 14 May 2009 Sheffield Wednesday decided to release Watson due to long term injury problems.
Coaching career.
On 13 November, he was appointed as the new Development Coach at Football League One side Huddersfield Town, joining up with his ex-Newcastle team-mate Lee Clark. On 24 August 2012, he was appointed coach at Birmingham City of the Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="2861119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861119" title="Daria Nicolodi">
Daria Nicolodi

Daria Nicolodi (born 19 June 1950) is an Italian actress and screenwriter.
Early life and career.
Daria Nicolodi was born in Florence on 19 June 1950. Her father was a Florentine lawyer and her mother, Fulvia, was a scholar of ancient languages. Her maternal grandfather was composer Alfredo Casella. She moved to Rome in the late sixties.
In 1970 she participated in the television variety show "Babau" in four episodes, written by Poli Paul and Ida Omboni and directed by Vito Molinari. Because of program content deemed outrageous at the time, the show was "archived" and only broadcast by RAI six years later. In the early seventies Nicolodi had some significant work in the cinema and theater under the guidance of Elio Petri. Also in the same year, Nicolodi participated in some TV productions, such as the serial story "Nicotera", "Without a Trace" with Rossano Brazzi (1972), "Portrait of a Veiled Woman" with Nino Castelnuovo (1975), the drama "Saturnino Farandola" with Mariano Rigillo (1978), "Rosaura at 10" (1981) and the film "Shock" (1977), Mario Bava's last work. Nicolodi participated as an actress and writer in all movies directed by director Dario Argento from 1975 to 1987: "Deep Red" (1975), "Suspiria" (1977), "Inferno" (1980), "Tenebrae" (1982), "Phenomena" (1985), and "Opera" (1987). After her relationship with Argento ended in 1985, Nicolodi participated in a few occasional thriller/horror films ("Paganini Horror", "The Picture of Joy"), exploiting her aura of dark lady of the genre in some films ("Macaroni", "The End Is Known", "Notes of Love"), and in recent years, movies directed by her daughter Asia Argento. In 2007, Nicolodi made a come back to the cinema, working with her daughter Asia in the film "The Mother of Tears", the thematic sequel to both "Suspiria" and "Inferno".
Personal life.
In the early seventies, she had a relationship with the sculptor Mario Ceroli; their daughter Anna was born in 1973 (she died in a 1994 car accident). Nicolodi had a professional and romantic relationship with director Dario Argento; they met in 1974 during casting for the film "Deep Red", and their daughter Asia was born in 1975. They separated in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2861126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861126" title="Manuel Saturnino da Costa">
Manuel Saturnino da Costa

Manuel Saturnino da Costa (born 1942) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who served as Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 26 October 1994 to 6 June 1997.
From 1977 - in the Foreign Office, the ambassador in Cuba and the USSR.
During the presidency of João Bernardo Vieira, which had come 1980 by a Putsch to power, he became General Secretary of the PAIGC. 
Following the victory of the PAIGC in the 1994 parliamentary election, President Nino Vieira appointed Saturnino da Costa, who was Secretary-General of PAIGC, as Prime Minister on 25 October 1994. Saturnino da Costa formed a government on 18 November that was almost entirely composed of PAIGC members, although one post was given to the Bafata Movement.
Following the ouster of President Nino Vieira in May 1999, Saturnino da Costa was named acting President of PAIGC on 12 May 1999. Francisco Benante was elected to replace him as PAIGC President in September 1999.
After Kumba Ialá took office as President, Saturnino da Costa was arrested, along with another former Prime Minister, Carlos Correia (who both preceded and succeeded him as Prime Minister), and four other former ministers, in February 2000. It was alleged that two government bonds were issued without parliamentary approval three years prior; according to Saturnino da Costa and Correia, who were released on bail, the bonds were intended to provide funds for national development. He was acquitted of embezzlement in June 2003. 
In the November 2008 legislative election, PAIGC won a majority of 67 out of 100 seats in the National People's Assembly, and Saturnino da Costa was elected to a seat as a PAIGC candidate in the first constituency, Catio e Como. Following the election, he was appointed as Minister of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers on January 7, 2009.
Saturnino da Costa sought the nomination as PAIGC's candidate for the June 2009 presidential election, but in a vote on April 25, 2009, the PAIGC Central Committee chose Malam Bacai Sanhá as the party's candidate. He was replaced in his post as Minister of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers and dismissed from the government on October 28, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2861129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861129" title="Tiger-Man">
Tiger-Man

Tiger-Man is a tiger-themed superhero who appeared in a self-titled series published by Atlas/Seaboard Comics in 1975.
Publication history.
The first appearance of "Tiger-Man" was in the first issue of "Thrilling Adventure Stories", February 1975, a black and white magazine. The story was written by John Albano with art by Ernie Colón.
The first issue of "Tiger-Man" was published with a cover date of April 1975. The writing credit is given to Gabe Levy with the artwork credited to Ernie Colón. The next two issues were cover dated June and September, 1975. Gerry Conway is credited as the writer for these two issues. Steve Ditko is given solo credit as the artist for issue #2 and given a co-credit with Al Milgrom for issue #3. "Tiger-Man" was cancelled after three issues.
Fictional character biography.
Tiger-Man is Dr. Lancaster Hill, a scientist who has isolated the chromosomes that give the tiger its strength and agility. He is in Africa while performing his 2 year internship, working from a village in Zambia that has been using the services of a local witch doctor named Na'Bantu. When the Na'Bantu has a conversation with the village chief, he seeks to punish Dr. Hill for having caused the villagers to doubt his ability to treat their medical problems. Overly eager to see the results of his work, Dr. Hill injects himself with a solution containing the tiger chromosomes. He feels his strength, agility and ferocity increase to that of a tiger. That night, a jealous Na'Bantu releases the tiger that Dr. Hill has been performing experiments on and when Dr. Hill is leaving his tent, the tiger attacks but Dr. Hill meets the attack with his new abilities and kills the tiger. Within the time that it takes to finish his internship, the chief presents Dr. Hill with a costume made from the hide of the attacking tiger and tells Dr. Hill that wearing it will increase his cunning. Dr. Hill then departs for the states.
Upon his return to the United States, Dr. Hill is picked up from the airport by his sister Anna, who informs him that he received an offer letter to start practicing medicine at the Harlem Hospital on the following Monday. Dr. Hill is dropped off at home by his sister and she goes off to theater rehearsal, where she is murdered by two visiting rodeo cowboys. Dr. Hill is called to the crime scene and is shown the evidence of a torn piece of fabric that his sister clutched in her hand, and told of a phone call she made to the police where she says the word "bald" over and over as she dies. Dr. Hill picks up the scent on the fabric and realizes that it smells of horses. Dr. Hill dons his Tiger-Man costume and sets out to track down his sister's killer. While searching for the killer, Tiger-Man stumbles across two thugs trying to mug a nurse. Tiger-Man stops them with very deadly force and warns the nurse about walking at night in the city. 
After tracking down the bald cowboy to a visiting rodeo, Tiger-Man realizes that the scent on the cloth is not completely his and that he must have had an accomplice. Tiger-Man follows the bald cowboy to a bar and attacks the two cowboys, but he still feels unfulfilled afterward. He decides to use his powers to hunt down criminals.
Dr. Hill starts practicing medicine at the Harlem Hospital, but at night he patrols the city looking for wrong-doers. He stumbles upon a pack of bank robbers who are wearing electrified suits that repel bullets, but also electrocute anyone that the wearers touch. In this case they electrocute two police officers who try to prevent them from getting away from the scene of the robbery. Tiger-Man comes in on the tail end of the attack and exacts his revenge against the robbers and interrogates one of them to find out where they got their suits from. One of them finally gives him the name of Dr. Kobart. Tiger-Man departs leaving one of the criminals alive who faints.
Unknown to Tiger-Man he is being watched and pursued by the Blue Leopard, another enhanced person from the Zambian village he did his internship at. The Blue Leopard attacks Tiger-Man and though they very evenly matched, his claws are laced with drugs that cause Tiger-Man to pass out. The Blue Leopard warns Tiger-Man that this was only a dress rehearsal for the ending battle where his claws will be laced with poison instead of just a sedative. He then departs leaving Tiger-Man to sleep through to the next day. Tiger-Man awakens at around noon the next day and rushes from rooftop to rooftop to get to the Harlem Hospital to begin his shift. While working, Dr. Hill is consumed by the events of the previous day and contemplates what to do about the Blue Leopard. Seeing no way of finding him, Dr. Hill decides to pay a visit to Dr. Kobart. Once he has found him, he is surprised to see the Blue Leopard has killed him and framed Tiger-Man for the crime. While Tiger-Man is investigating the crime scene, the Blue Leopard appears in the window and tells Tiger-Man his origin. The Blue Leopard is a member of the village in Zambia that Dr. Hill did his internship. After Dr. Hill left the village at the end of his internship, people started to starve to death and Na'Bantu the witch doctor blamed Dr. Hill and his white man's medicine. The Blue Leopard was given a potion created by Na'Bantu which increased his strength to 3 times of a normal man, and gave him the ceremonial Blue Leopard skin to wear, similar to the tiger mane and claws worn by Tiger-Man. Tiger-Man and the Blue Leopard battle again, with no one winning due to the police arriving. The Blue Leopard runs off into the night laughing, knowing that he has implicated Tiger-Man for the murder.
Later, we see Tiger-Man rush a burn victim into the Harlem Hospital, where he works as Dr. Hill. He starts shouting orders to the staff, almost giving his secret identity away. In a flashback we see the man he brought in had set himself ablaze with suicidal thoughts running through his mind. We go back to the present where Tiger-Man leaves the hospital and sneaks into a broom closet to change into this working clothes as Dr. Lancaster Hill. Dr. Hill is a part of the team operating on the burn victim, but the man dies from his severe trauma, but not before he utters the word "hypnos". A couple of days later, Tiger-Man is witnesses another suicide. An elderly woman steps on the tracks in front of a subway train. Moving as quickly as he can Tiger-Man can not stop the train from striking the woman dead. Tiger-Man then decides to investigate these strange suicides.
Finding out that the elderly woman, named Hannah Markham, was a patient at a free psychiatric clinic in midtown run by Dr. Otto Kaufmann, Dr. Hill decides he will pay the doctor a visit to get to the bottom of this mystery. Dr. Hill's visit turns out to be waste of time as Dr. Kaufmann is adamant about sharing any information on his patients with Dr. Hill. As Dr. Hill is leaving, another patient of Dr. Kaufmann's steps in to let him know that she is ready for their session.
That evening, Tiger-Man attempts to stop an out of control automobile from plunging into the river. Not acting fast enough, the car soon plunges into the deep waters off a bridge. Tiger-Man manages to pull the victim from the car and bring her to the surface. He recognizes the woman at once as she was at the free clinic when Dr. Hill visited Dr. Kaufmann. In shock, she utters the name "Hypnos". Dr. Hill then decides that it is now time for Tiger-Man to visit Dr. Kaufmann.
Tiger-Man breaks into clinic and begins to look through Dr. Kaufmann's patient files. He finds records of suicides that have happened, and suicides that are due to happen in the near future. Dr. Kaufmann then enters the office and notices Tiger-Man going through his files. He is easily beaten by Tiger-Man, but quickly recovers. He then uses a psychic ray through his monocle that hypnotizes Tiger-Man, which reveals to the reader that Dr. Kaufmann is in actuality Hypnos! Hypnos orders Tiger-Man to take his own life by setting himself aflame. Tiger-Man leaves the clinic with nothing else on his mind.
At a nearby gas station, Tiger-Man doses himself with gasoline. He is spotted by two thugs, who have recently robbed the gas station and see him as an easy victim. In a trance-like state, Tiger-Man is knocked unconscious by these two thugs who complain about him not having any money or valuables in his costume. The smack to his head that he receives releases Hypnos' hold over Tiger-Man.
Tiger-Man returns to the clinic to defeat Hypnos. The battle moves to the building's rooftop and Tiger-Man manages to avoid the psychic rays of Hypnos. He removes Kaufmann's monocle and turns it on him. Hypnotized by the ray, Kaufmann realizes that death is the only answer and leaps off the building, committing suicide in the process.
Powers/Abilities.
Dr. Hill as Tiger-Man possesses the strength, speed, agility and ferocity of a tiger in its most primal state. This ferocity sometimes grows to the point where it is hard to concentrate and Dr. Hill becomes lost in rage.
Costume.
Dr. Hill as Tiger-Man wears a unitard, gauntlets, and boots made from the hide of a tiger the attacked him, which he defeated. The costume grants Dr. Hill extensive cunning which allows him to hunt prey and move very stealthy while in hunt mode.

</doc>
<doc id="2861144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861144" title="Bamboo Mañalac">
Bamboo Mañalac

Francisco Gaudencio Lope Belardo Mañalac (born 21 March 1976), popularly known as Bamboo Mañalac or simply by the mononym Bamboo, is a Filipino musician and singer-songwriter. He began his career as a vocalist of Rivermaya and later fronted his own band, Bamboo.
Career.
Band frontman.
1993–1998: "Rivermaya".
Rivermaya's roots came from a band named Xaga consisting of Jesse Gonzales on vocals, Kenneth Ilagan on guitars, Nathan Azarcon on bass guitar, Rome Velayo on drums, and Rico Blanco on keyboards and backing vocals. The band was managed Lizza Nakpil and director Chito Roño. In the process of grueling practice sessions, Ilagan was replaced with Perf de Castro; Azarcon's childhood friend, Mark Escueta, to replace Velayo, as well as former classmate Mañalac to replace Gonzales. With Mañalac as frontman, the band members themselves decided to disband Xaga and form the band Rivermaya. They started putting together original songs like "Ulan", "214", and "Awit ng Kabataan" in demo form for prospective recording companies. Since its formation, the band had launched several successful albums, received numerous awards, and had went into several successful concerts and tours.
After the band's successful US and Canada tours, Mañalac decided to leave the band and stay in the United States.
2003–2011: "Bamboo".
In 2002, after living in Los Angeles following the Rivermaya tour in America, Mañalac returned to the Philippines. His former bandmate in Rivermaya, Nathan Azarcon, introduced him to Ira Cruz and Vic Mercado. Later all of them joined together and formed the band. Since then, the band had launched four successful albums, and received numerous awards.
Rumors were initially spreading on January 10, 2011 after KC Montero tweeted on Twitter that the band has decided to call it quits. On January 11, 2011, Mañalac published an official statement in the band's official website. He said, "As a group we've come to a point where you have to trust your gut, your heart and your head and accept that all things change. The hardest part as always is to know when to pack it up and part ways." He further said that, "We've learned that this journey is not only about us but includes all who came along for the trip. Family, friends and of course our front row believers who were there for the best reason of all. To simply listen. So it didn't come easy winding down to this decision. So here we go. IT'S OFFICIAL. THE BAND. IT'S OVER."
Solo career.
2011–present: "No Water, No Moon" and "The Voice of the Philippines".
In 2012, Mañalac released his debut album, No Water, No Moon, under the label of PolyEast Records. The album consists 12 tracks with "Questions" as its carrier single. The album reached gold record in February 2013 after selling more than 7,500 copies.
In January 2012, Mañalac joined "ASAP 18" as a mainstay cast and a performer in the show. 
On February 10, 2013, during an appearance on the last episode of "Sarah G. Live", Bamboo Mañalac hinted that he would be working with Sarah Geronimo after they both finished performing a production number together. On February 14, 2013, ABS-CBN aired a promotional plug during the airtime of the pre-primetime television drama "Kahit Konting Pagtingin", confirming Bamboo Mañalac's stint in "The Voice of the Philippines" as coach and judge. In an interview made by "ABS-CBN News", Mañalac provided a statement regarding his stint on the show, "I'm ready to be a coach. There's a time for everything and this is it." When asked on what kind of artist will he would like to coach, he said, “I’ve been listening to rock for a long time but I also listen to other genres from rock to pop to folk to everything. I want someone who is open to all kinds of music; someone who is willing to listen and willing to learn.”
Bamboo, alongside Sarah Geronimo, and Lea Salonga returned as coaches for The Voice Kids last May 24, 2013.
Filmography.
NOTE: "This list only includes Mañalac's regular television shows. Short television guestings are not included."

</doc>
<doc id="2861151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861151" title="Carlos Correia">
Carlos Correia

Carlos Correia (born 6 November 1933) is a Guinea-Bissau politician. He was Prime Minister from 27 December 1991 to 26 October 1994, from 6 June 1997 to 3 December 1998, and from 5 August 2008 to 25 December 2008.
Political career.
Correia was born in Bissau. He was trained in East Germany as an agricultural engineer. During Guinea-Bissau's war for independence, Correia was a member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC), which ruled the country until 1999. In the administration of Francisco Mendès in the 1970s, Correia was Minister of Finance. In the 1980s, he was a member of the Politburo of the PAIGC and responsible for agriculture and fishery in the state council.
When the office of Prime Minister was created again after having been abolished in 1984, Correia became Prime Minister on 27 December 1991 under President João Bernardo Vieira. After the first multiparty presidential and parliamentary elections in July 1994, which the PAIGC won, Manuel Saturnino da Costa succeeded him as head of government on 27 October.
After da Costa's discharge on 26 May 1997, Correia became Prime Minister once again on 6 June. However, in October of the same year the highest court of the country ruled that Correia's nomination was unconstitutional, because parliament had not been consulted. A week later, his nomination was approved. Correia's work as Prime Minister was well regarded by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Correia's second term in office, which lasted until 3 December 1998, was overshadowed by the rebellion of Ansumane Mané. Mané was dismissed as chief of staff of the armed forces in June 1998, which led him to rebel against the government and start the civil war, which lasted until a peace agreement between the government and rebels was signed in November 1998. The agreement lasted for six months.
After Vieira was overthrown in May 1999, Attorney-General Amin Saad announced on 27 July 1999 that Correia and 14 other supporters of Vieira had been arrested and charged with inciting warfare and providing financial support to Vieira; however, he was only incarcerated for a short time. At a PAIGC congress in September 1999, he was expelled from the party, along with Vieira and five other former ministers. After Kumba Ialá took office as President, Correia was arrested, along with da Costa and four other former ministers, in February 2000. It was alleged that two government bonds were issued without parliamentary approval three years prior; according to Correia and da Costa, who were released on bail, the bonds were intended to provide funds for national development. He was acquitted of embezzlement in June 2003.
In February 2003, Correia and four other members of the PAIGC were arrested for the execution of five people after a failed coup in 1986, but he was released after four days.
In 2005, he was initially considered as a presidential candidate for his party, but Malam Bacai Sanhá was nominated instead. Sanhá later lost to Vieira in a run-off vote.
Vieira dissolved the National People's Assembly and appointed Correia as Prime Minister again on 5 August 2008, replacing Martinho Ndafa Kabi. Correia was tasked with leading the government as it prepared for a legislative election in November 2008. A new government headed by Correia was appointed on 9 August; aside from Correia himself, it included 21 ministers and seven secretaries of state. This government was dominated by Vieira loyalists and members of PAIGC, including PAIGC dissidents who were supporters of Vieira. The Party for Social Renewal (PRS) was given five posts in the government, while the Republican Party for Independence and Development (PRID) and the United People's Alliance (APU) were each given a single post.
Following the election, in which PAIGC won a parliamentary majority (67 out of 100 seats), Vieira appointed PAIGC President Carlos Gomes Junior to replace Correia on 25 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2861155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861155" title="Santa Clara Island">
Santa Clara Island

Santa Clara is an tiny, uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean, off the coast of Robinson Crusoe Island in a group of islands known as the Juan Fernández Islands. The island is of volcanic origin and is approximately long and wide. The island group is politically part of the South American country Chile, and is administratively assigned to the Region of Valparaíso.
Geography.
Santa Clara is the smallest island of the Juan Fernandez Islands and has an area of about . It is surrounded on the south side by a reef. This volcanic islet is related to a group of three islands. Located southwest of Robinson Crusoe Island, it has a mainly flat surface, with a maximum altitude of at Johow Hill. Based on its geomorphological characteristics and the composition of its lavas, it is postulated to be the earlisest volcanic center which led to the emergence of Robinson Crusoe Island, and is, therefore, of greater antiquity - 5.8 million years (as compared to 3.8 - 4.2 million years).
Santa Clara includes volcanic rocks and several small beaches, including some white sand beaches. A short distance from the western extremity of Santa Clara Island, there is a small rocky islet, and, at the tip south of the same islet, there is a sandbar composed of various rocks which break the water. Coming from the north, the island of Santa Clara has the appearance of a cliff or escarpment; but approaching from the south, shows an eroded quirky aspect of conical mounds and strangely cut rocks. Waters surrounding the island have a rocky bottom, with strong currents. Access by boat to the island is dangerous, especially in stormy weather, because the strong sea breaks on all sides.
Climate.
Being low-lying in elevation, Santa Clara catches relatively little rainfall. The amount of rainfall also depends on the El Niño-Southern Oscillation. The climate is subtropical, strongly influenced by fluctuations in the general northward flow of the cold sub-Antarctic Humboldt ocean current and the southeast trade winds, which create a high-winter and low-summer rainfall pattern and a stable temperature environment. Temperatures range throughout the year from to , with an annual mean of .
Flora and fauna.
Santa Clara is generally desolate and barren, but in its eastern slope there are some trees, and in the northwest tip a periodical stream of water runs along the gorge, which reaches the sea.
The low vegetation has been eroded in the past by herds of goats up on the rocks. The native flora is characterized by low fire tolerance and poor adaptation to herbivore resistance. Feral rabbits are the greatest threat because they exert devastating effects on the island’s habitats.
The majority of the original vegetation on the island has been replaced by shrubs and grasses. The vegetation is a miniature mosaic of matorral, barren rock, various size trees, and shrubs mixed with ferns and perennial herbs. Nearly all of Santa Clara is abundant in the introduced "Rubus ulmifolius", "Aristotelia chilensis", "Ugni molinae", "Lantana camara" and "Lonicera japonica". Some have the potential to be serious pests, having fleshy fruits that are bird dispersed, in addition to weeds such as "Danthonia collina", "Stipa laevissima" and "Piptochaetium bicolor". There are no permanent sources of fresh water on the island. Vertebrates inhabiting the islet include birds, some endangered, which make their nests on or visit the island.
Government.
The uninhabited island is part of a municipality in the Region of Valparaiso, from which Easter Island is also administered. The main economic activities are fishing of the spiny lobster, "Jasus frontalis", and tourism. The entire archipelago has been part of a nature reserve called the Archipiélago de Juan Fernández National Park since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="2861157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861157" title="Industrial gas">
Industrial gas

Industrial gases are a group of gases that are specifically manufactured for use in a wide range of industries, which include oil and gas, petrochemicals, chemicals, power, mining, steelmaking, metals, environmental protection, medicine, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, food, water, fertilizers, nuclear power, electronics and aerospace. Their production is a part of the wider Chemical Industry (where industrial gases are often seen as "speciality chemicals").
The principal gases provided are nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide, argon, hydrogen, helium and acetylene; although a huge variety of gases and mixtures are available in gas cylinders.
The industry producing these gases is known as the Industrial Gases industry which is seen as also encompassing the supply of equipment and technology to produce and use the gases.
Whilst a few products are available for sale to or use by the population at large (for example balloon helium and medical oxygen), most are sold to other industrial enterprises.
Early History.
The first gas from the natural environment used by man was almost certainly air when it was discovered that blowing on or fanning a fire made it burn brighter. Man also used the warm gases from a fire to smoke food. Steam from boiling water has also been used by man in cooking foods. Carbon dioxide has been known from ancient times as the byproduct of fermentation, particularly for beverages, which was first documented dating from 7000–6600 BCE in Jiahu, China. Natural gas was used by the Chinese in about 500 B.C. when they discovered the potential to transport gas seeping from the ground in crude pipelines of bamboo to where it was used to boil sea water. Sulfur dioxide was first used by the Romans in winemaking when it was discovered that if you burn candles made of sulfur inside empty wine vessels it would keep them fresh and prevent them gaining a vinegar smell.
However until the advent of scientific method and the science of chemistry, none of these gases would have been positively identified or understood.
The history of chemistry tells us that a number of gases were identified and either discovered or first made in relatively pure form during the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries by notable chemists in their laboratories. The timeline of attributed discovery for various gases are carbon dioxide (1754)
, hydrogen (1766), nitrogen (1772), nitrous oxide (1772), oxygen (1773)
, ammonia (1774), chlorine (1774) , methane (1776), hydrogen sulfide (1777), carbon monoxide (1800), hydrogen chloride (1810), acetylene (1836), helium (1868), fluorine (1886), argon (1894), krypton, neon and xenon (1898) and radon (1900).
Carbon dioxide, hydrogen, nitrous oxide, oxygen, ammonia, chlorine, sulfur dioxide and manufactured fuel gas were already being used during the 19th century, and mainly had uses in food, refrigeration, medicine, and for fuel and gas lighting. For example, carbonated water was being made from 1772 and commercially from 1783, chlorine was first used to bleach textiles in 1785 and nitrous oxide was first used for dentistry anaethesia in 1844. At this time gases were often generated for immediate use by chemical reactions. A notable example of a generator is Kipps apparatus which was invented in 1844 and could be used to generate gases such as hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, chlorine, acetylene and carbon dioxide by simple gas evolution reactions. Acetylene was manufactured commercially from 1893 and acetylene generators were used from about 1898 to produce gas for gas cooking and gas lighting, however electricity took over as more practical for lighting and once LPG was produced commercially from 1912, the use of acetylene for cooking declined.
Once gases had been discovered and produced in modest quantities, the process of industrialisation spurred on innovation and invention of technology to produce larger quantities of these gases. Notable developments in the industrial production of gases include the electrolysis of water to produce hydrogen (in 1869) and oxygen (from 1888), the Brin process for oxygen production which was invented in the 1884, the chloralkali process to produce chlorine in 1892 and the Haber Process to produce ammonia in 1908.
The development of uses in refrigeration also enabled advances in air conditioning and the liquefaction of gases. Carbon dioxide was first liquefied in 1823. The first Vapor-compression refrigeration cycle using ether was invented in 1834 and a similar cycle using ammonia was invented in 1873 and another with sulfur dioxide in 1876. Liquid oxygen and Liquid nitrogen were both first made in 1883; Liquid hydrogen was first made in 1898 and liquid helium in 1908. LPG was first made in 1910. A patent for LNG was filed in 1914 with the first commercial production in 1917.
Although no one event marks the beginning of the industrial gas industry, many would take it to be the 1880s with the construction of the first high pressure gas cylinders. Initially cylinders were mostly used for carbon dioxide in carbonation or dispensing of beverages. 
In 1895 refrigeration compression cycles were further developed to enable the liquefaction of air, most notably by Carl von Linde allowing larger quantities of oxygen production and in 1896 the discovery that large quantities of acetylene could be dissolved in acetone and rendered nonexplosive allowed the safe bottling of acetylene.
A particularly important use was the development of welding and metal cutting done with oxygen and acetylene from the early 1900s.
As production processes for other gases were developed many more gases came to be sold in cylinders without the need for a gas generator.
Technology.
Air separation plants refine air in a separation process and so allow the bulk production of nitrogen and argon in addition to oxygen - these three are often also produced as cryogenic liquid. To achieve the required low distillation temperatures, an Air Separation Unit (ASU) uses a refrigeration cycle that operates by means of the Joule–Thomson effect. 
In addition to the main air gases, air separation is also the only practical source for production of the rare noble gases neon, krypton and xenon.
Cryogenic technologies also allow the liquefaction of natural gas, hydrogen and helium. In natural-gas processing, cryogenic technologies are used to remove nitrogen from natural gas in a Nitrogen Rejection Unit; a process that can also be used to produce helium from natural gas - if the natural gas fields contain sufficient helium to make this economic. The larger industrial gas companies have often invested in extensive patent libraries in all fields of their business, but particularly in cryogenics.
The other principal production technology in the industry is Reforming. Steam reforming is a chemical process used to convert natural gas and steam into a syngas containing hydrogen and carbon monoxide with carbon dioxide as a byproduct. Partial oxidation and autothermal reforming are similar processes but these also require oxygen from an ASU. Synthesis gas is often a precursor to the chemical synthesis of ammonia or methanol. The carbon dioxide produced is an acid gas and is usually removed by amine treating; the separated carbon dioxide can then be sequestrated to a carbon capture reservoir.
Air Separation and Hydrogen Reforming technologies are the cornerstone of the industrial gases industry and also form part of the technologies required for many fuel gasification ( including IGCC), cogeneration and Fischer-Tropsch gas to liquids schemes. Hydrogen has many production methods and is touted as a carbon neutral alternative fuel to hydrocarbons, whilst liquid hydrogen is used by NASA in the Space Shuttle as a rocket fuel; see hydrogen economy for more information on hydrogens uses.
Simpler gas separation technologies, such as membranes or molecular sieves used in pressure swing adsorption or vacuum swing adsorption are also used to produce low purity air gases in nitrogen generators and oxygen plants. Other examples producing smaller amounts of gas are chemical oxygen generators or oxygen concentrators.
In addition to the major gases produced by air separation and syngas reforming, the industry provides many other gases. 
These are produced in much smaller quantities than the major gases by a variety of processes; for example, hydrogen chloride is produced by burning hydrogen in chlorine, nitrous oxide is produced by thermal decomposition by gently heating ammonium nitrate and electrolysis is used for the production of fluorine. Since fluorine is highly reactive, industrial chemistry requiring fluorine often uses hydrogen fluoride (or hydrofluoric acid) instead. Another approach to overcoming gas reactivity is to generate the gas as and when required, which is done, for example, with ozone. Some gases are simply byproducts from other industries and others are sometimes bought from other larger chemical producers, refined and repackaged.
Related services and technology can be supplied such as vacuum, which is often provided in hospital gas systems; purified compressed air; or refrigeration. Another unusual system is the inert gas generator. Some industrial gas companies may also supply related chemicals, particularly liquids such as bromine and ethylene oxide.
Distribution.
Most materials that are gaseous at ambient temperature and pressure are supplied as compressed gas. A gas compressor is used to compress the gas into storage pressure vessels (such as gas canisters, gas cylinders or tube trailers) through distribution systems. 
However a few gases are vapours that can be liquefied at ambient temperature under pressure alone. This phase change makes them useful as ambient refrigerants. The most significant industrial gases with this property are ammonia, propane, butane and sulphur dioxide. Chlorine also has this property but is too toxic, corrosive and reactive to ever have been used as a refrigerant. Other significant ambient refrigerant gases include ethylene, carbon dioxide, ethane, nitrous oxide and sulfur hexafluoride; however these can only be liquefied under pressure if kept below their critical temperatures ; ( 9°C for C2H4 ; 31°C for CO2 ; 32°C for C2H6 ; 36°C for N2O ; 45°C for SF6 ). In practice, all of these substances are "Gas" (not vapor) at the 200 bar pressure in a gas cylinder because that pressure is above their critical pressure.
Other gases can only be supplied as liquid if also cooled. All gases can potentially be used as a refrigerant around the temperatures at which they are liquid; for example nitrogen is used as a refrigerant at cryogenic temperatures.
Exceptionally carbon dioxide can be produced as a cold solid known as dry ice, which sublimes as it warms in ambient conditions, the properties of carbon dioxide are such that it cannot be liquid at a pressure below its triple point of 5.1 bar.
Acetylene is also supplied differently. Since it is so unstable and explosive, this is supplied as a gas dissolved in acetone within a packing mass in a cylinder. Acetylene is also the only other common industrial gas that sublimes at atmospheric pressure.
The major industrial gases can be produced in bulk and delivered to customers by pipeline, but can also be packaged and transported.
Most gases are sold in gas cylinders and some sold as liquid in appropriate containers (e.g. Dewars) or as bulk liquid delivered by truck. The industry originally supplied gases in cylinders to avoid the need for local gas generation; but for large customers such as steelworks or oil refineries, a large gas production plant may be built nearby (typically called an "on-site" facility) to avoid using large numbers of cylinders manifolded together. Alternatively, an industrial gas company may supply the plant and equipment to produce the gas rather than the gas itself. An industrial gas company may also offer to act as plant operator under an operations and maintenance contract for a gases facility for a customer, since it usually has the experience of running such facilities for the production or handling of gases for itself.
The delivery options are therefore:
What defines an Industrial gas.
Industrial gas is a group of materials that are specifically manufactured for use in industry and are also gaseous at ambient temperature and pressure. They are chemicals which can be an elemental gas or a chemical compound that is either organic or inorganic, which tend to be low molecular weight molecules. They could also be a mixture of such gases. They have value as a chemical; whether as a feedstock, in process enhancement, as a useful end product, or for a particular use; as opposed to having value as a "simple" fuel.
The term “industrial gases” is sometimes narrowly defined as just the major gases sold, which are: nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide, argon, hydrogen, acetylene and helium. Many names are given to gases outside of this main list by the different industrial gas companies, but generally the gases fall into the categories "specialty gases", “medical gases”, “fuel gases” or “refrigerant gases”. However gases can also be known by their uses or industries that they serve, hence "welding gases" or "breathing gases", etc. ; or by their source, as in "air gases"; or by their mode of supply as in "packaged gases". The major gases might also be termed "bulk gases".
In principle any gas or gas mixture sold by the "industrial gases industry" probably has some industrial use and might be termed an "industrial gas". In practice, "industrial gases" are likely to be a pure compound or precise mixture, packaged or in small quantities, but with high purity or tailored to a specific use (e.g. oxyacetylene).
Lists of the more significant gases are listed in "The Gases" below.
There are cases when a gas is not usually termed an "industrial gas"; principally where the gas is "processed" for later use of its energy rather than "manufactured" for use as a chemical substance or preparation. 
These demarcations are based on perceived boundaries of these industries (although in practice there is some overlap), and an exact scientific definition is difficult. To illustrate "overlap" between industries: 
The gases.
Elemental gases.
The known chemical elements which are, or can be obtained from natural resources and which are gaseous are hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, fluorine, chlorine, plus the noble gases; and are collectively referred to by chemists as the "elemental gases". These elements are all primordial apart from the noble gas radon which is a trace radioisotope but which does occur naturally, albeit only from radioactive decay. (It is not known if any Synthetic elements with atomic number above 108 are gases.)
The elements which are stable two atom homonuclear molecules at standard temperature and pressure (STP), are hydrogen (H2), nitrogen (N2) and oxygen (O2), plus the halogens fluorine (F2) and chlorine (Cl2). The noble gases are all monatomic.
In the industrial gases industry the term "elemental gases" (or sometimes less accurately "molecular gases") is used to distinguish these gases from molecules that are also chemical compounds. These elements are all nonmetals.
Radon is chemically stable, but it is radioactive and does not have a stable isotope. Its uses are due to its radioactivity rather than its chemistry and it requires specialist handling outside of industrial gas industry norms. It can however be produced as a by-product of uraniferous ores processing. Radon is a trace naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM) encountered in the air processed in an ASU.
Chlorine is the only elemental gas that is technically a vapor since STP is below its critical temperature; whilst 
Bromine and Mercury are liquid at STP, and so their vapor exists in equilibrium with their liquid at STP.
Important liquefied gases.
This list shows the most important liquefied gases:
Other common industrial gases.
This list shows the other most common gases sold by industrial gas companies.
There are many gas mixtures possible!
Applications.
The uses of industrial gases are very diverse.
The following is a small list of areas of use:

</doc>
<doc id="2861169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861169" title="Mary Cairncross Reserve">
Mary Cairncross Reserve

The Mary Cairncross Reserve is a conservation park located on the Blackall Range east of Maleny, Australia. Maleny is approximately north of Brisbane and west of Caloundra. The reserve is positioned in the mountain rainforests of the Maleny region overlooking the Glass House Mountains.
Geology.
The Region holds many of the large predominate landforms in Queensland, the most recognisable is the Glass House Mountains. The Glass House Mountains were formed thousands of years ago when the outer layer of soil and rock eroded from the extinct volcanic summit. The dirt and soil located in the region is very rich and healthy, due to the high quantity of volcanic rock decomposed in the soil. Volcanic rock contains high amounts of nutrients.
The Mary Cairncross story.
The Cairncross Reserve was given to the Landsborough Shire Council in 1941 by three Thynne sisters. They named the reserve after their mother, Mary Thynne (née Cairncross, born in 1848). Sunshine Coast Regional Council manages and maintains the reserve along with the volunteers that staff the Thynne Natural History Education Centre daily. The reserve was created to protect the flora and fauna of the Maleny region.
The Rainforest.
The 55-hectare reserve consists of subtropical rainforest. These types of rainforests are mainly located in the north-east parts of Australia. The Cairncross reserve has an area of 530,000 square metres and reaches a peak canopy of 440 m. The main species of tree is the Australian red cedar. Strangler Figs and fungi are some of the environmental elements that the rainforest needs to survive. The Red-legged pademelon can be found at the park.
Biodiversity.
Plant found in the reserve include 107 species of tree, 30 herbs, 50 vines, 3 palms, 21 species of fungi and 26 kinds of shrubs. Animals include 139 birds including the Wompoo Fruit-Dove, Brown Cuckoo-Dove, Tree-Creepers, Thornbills, Scrub-Wrens, Green Catbird as well as 11 different marsupials, 3 bats, 20 lizards, 14 snakes and 14 different frog species.
Facilities.
The reserve contains education centre, walking tracks, a car park, barbeque and a cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="2861185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861185" title="Bromic acid">
Bromic acid

Bromic acid, also known as hydrogen bromate, is an oxoacid with the molecular formula HBrO3. It only exists in aqueous solution. It is a colorless solution that turns yellow at room temperature as it decomposes to bromine. Bromic acid and bromates are powerful oxidizing agents and are common ingredients in Belousov-Zhabotinsky reactions. Belousov-Zhabotinsky reactions are a classic example of non-equilibrium thermodynamics.
Dissociation.
Low concentrations dissociate completely to hydrogen and bromate while high concentrations decompose to form bromine. Bromic acid's high instability can be explained because the posively charged hypervalent bromine is connected to the electronegative OH group.
Structure.
There are several isomers of HBrO3. The calculated bond lengths are listed below based on three high level theories G2MP2, CCSD(T), and QCISD(T).
The large energy barriers between these structures do not make isomerization possible. HOBrO2 is the most stable isomer and is the one pictured above.
Synthesis.
Bromic acid is the product of a reaction of barium bromate and sulfuric acid.
Barium sulfate is insoluble in water and forms a precipitate. The aqueous bromic acid can be decanted removing the barium sulfate.

</doc>
<doc id="2861187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861187" title="I. V. Sasi">
I. V. Sasi

Irruppam Veedu Sasidaran (), better known as I. V. Sasi, is an Indian film director who has made over a 150 Indian films in various languages and genres. He's known for his South Indian films of the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, primarily Malayalam and Tamil films, although he has directed Hindi films during the 1980s as well.
Family.
I. V. Sasi is married to Malayalam actress Seema on 28 August 1980. met his wife, Malayalam actress Seema, on the sets of his film, "Avalude Raavukkal". Ever since, she has been his favorite heroine. They have worked together in more than 30 movies. He has two children, daughter Anu and son Ani. Anu has acted in "Symphony", directed by her father.Anu got married to Milan Nair on 10 December 2010. Ani was a student of Visual Communication at Loyola College, Chennai and is an aspiring director himself. I. V. Sasi lives with his family in Chennai.
Career.
I. V. Sasi started his film career as an art director. Later, after working as an assistant director in some films, he directed his first film at the age of 27. Though his name was not mentioned in the credits, the film turned out to be a huge success. He started his directorial career officially with his first film "Ulsavam". Soon he carved out a name for himself in the Malayalam film industry. His films were known for their uniqueness and always contained a stamp of his directorial style. I. V. Sasi has directed more than 170 odd films over a span of 34 years and has constantly delivered super hits and some of them classified as classics or good cinema. His Malayalam film "Avalude Raavukal" permanently established his name in the industry. This film was later dubbed into many other Indian languages including Hindi. It was the second film in Malayalam to be rated as "Adults only" even though it was a family drama.
One of Mohanlal's first breaks as a co-hero "Ineyengillum" was also directed by I. V. Sasi.He introduced Mammootty as a hero in his film "Thrishna". He also introduced Jose. Other collaborations such as M.T. Vasudevan Nair-I. V. Sasi, Padmarajan-I. V. Sasi, and T.Damodaran-I. V. Sasi are well remembered. He worked with Mammootty on more than 35 films. He went on to direct one of Mohanlal's biggest hits, "Devaasuram", which was scripted by Ranjith. He has directed films in several other languages, such as Hindi, Telugu, and Tamil. He has directed Kamal Haasan in films like "Guru", "Alauddinum Arputha Vilakkum", "Karishma" and "Eeta". He was the one who introduced Rajinikanth to Malayalam film industry through "Allauddinum Albhutha Vilakkum" in 1979. Other films with Rajinikanth include the Telugu-Tamil bilingual film "Kaali" and "Ellam Un Kairasi". He has directed Hindi movies as "Patita" ("Mithun Chakraborty"), "Anokha Rishta" ("Rajesh Khanna" and "Smita Patil"), "Pratishodh (1980)", "Karishma" etc. He has directed Malayalam movies in many genres. His war-themed movie "1921", written by screenwriter T. Damodaran, was the first Malayalam movie to be nominated in the Italian Film Festival. His "Ina" was the first Malayalam movie about child marriage. In 1982, he shared The Indian National film Awards' "The Nargis Dutt award" for the best feature film on national integration for his film "Aaroodam" with its producer Rosamma George.
Awards.
National Film Awards
Kerala State Film Awards
Filmfare Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2861190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861190" title="Arcadia, Victoria">
Arcadia, Victoria

Arcadia is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is on Kennedys Road, in the City of Greater Shepparton, south of Shepparton. At the 2006 census, Arcadia had a population of 659.
The local railway station on the Goulburn Valley line opened on 13 January 1880 and closed on 30 June 1977.
The Post Office opened on 24 November 1873, being replaced by Arcadia Railway Station office, which was renamed Arcadia around 1902 and closed in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2861193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861193" title="Perbromic acid">
Perbromic acid

The compound perbromic acid is the inorganic compound with the formula HBrO4. It is an oxoacid of bromine. Perbromic acid is unstable and cannot be formed by displacement of chlorine from perchloric acid, as periodic acid is prepared; it can only be made by protonation of the perbromate ion.
Perbromic acid is a strong acid and strongly oxidizing. It is the least stable of the halogen(VII) oxoacids. It decomposes rapidly on standing to bromic acid and oxygen. It reacts with bases to form perbromate salts.

</doc>
<doc id="2861197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861197" title="Pitfall (1948 film)">
Pitfall (1948 film)

Pitfall is a 1948 black-and-white film noir drama directed by André De Toth. The film was based on a novel of the same name by Jay Dratler, and was titled "Tragedia a Santa Monica" for its Italian release. The drama features Dick Powell, Lizabeth Scott, Jane Wyatt, and Raymond Burr.
Plot.
Living in Los Angeles, John Forbes (Powell), is a bored man who works for an insurance company. He's a middle-class husband and father that craves excitement in his day-to-day life. He gets his wish when he begins investigating an embezzlement case and meets Mona Stevens (Scott), who works for a department store.
Forbes is tasked with getting hold of some expensive gifts given to Stevens, the girlfriend of an embezzler who's serving time in prison. He ends up spending the day with the sultry blond on her speedboat, appropriately named "Tempest," and a romance begins brewing. His wife Sue (Wyatt) has no idea he's been unfaithful.
MacDonald (Burr), a private detective working for the insurance company, has become obsessed with Stevens and won't take no for an answer. He stalks her and beats up Forbes. When she goes to see how he is, Stevens finds out that Forbes is a married man.
As the day of her jailbird boyfriend Smiley's release from prison approaches, Mona fears for her safety and Forbes longs for the days before he got involved in all this trouble. MacDonald responds to a beating from Forbes by telling the jealous Smiley about him. Smiley goes to Forbes' house with a gun and is killed by Forbes, who lets the police believe he was a prowler.
MacDonald feels he has eliminated the competition and expects Mona to go away with him. She shoots him instead. While she is placed under arrest, Forbes gives a full confession, first to his wife, then to the district attorney. He is given a second chance by Sue, who isn't sure their marriage will ever be the same.
Reception.
Critical response.
Film critic Fernando F. Croce wrote about the screenplay and direction, "The title's abyss, pitilessly moral, sprawls horizontally rather than vertically, a lateral track following disheveled Dick Powell bottoming out, wandering the streets after confessing murder and adultery to wife Jane Wyatt. Fate may be at play, yet André de Toth's grip is less determinist than humanist, airtight but wounded, each pawn in the grid allowed trenchant space to deepen the fallout of their own actions."
Film critic Dennis Schwartz wrote of the film, "Powell is the archetypal average American man living out the American Dream in the suburbs, where his type is viewed as the backbone of the country. This film does a good job of poking holes at that dream, showing underneath the surface all is not well. The wayward husband has fallen from his perch of bourgeois respectability in the eyes of his wife, and the materialism needed to maintain such a middle-class lifestyle is shown to be just as superfluous in attaining love as the gifts Smiley tried to bribe his girlfriend with to get her to love him. There was also one scene where Tommy had a nightmare and Powell glibly explains this away because he read a comic book with an alien story before going to sleep. But the nightmare indicates more than that, as it indicates there is something troubling even the youngsters brought up in this so-called ideal materialistic environment."

</doc>
<doc id="2861203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861203" title="British absolute block signalling">
British absolute block signalling

The principle of the British absolute block system of railway signalling is to ensure the safe operation of a railway by allowing only one train to occupy a defined section of track at a time. This system is used on double or multiple lines where use of each line is assigned a direction of travel.
Prior to the introduction of block systems, time-intervals were used to ensure that trains were spaced sufficiently apart; typically if five minutes had passed since the first train had departed then a second train was allowed to the proceed; although the driver was warned that there was a train only five minutes ahead.
The electric telegraph provided the ability for signalmen to communicate with each other and provided the basis for the absolute block system. It was devised and much refined in the second half of the 19th century; by 1872 it was used on 44 percent of lines in Britain, rising to 75% by the end of the decade and was made mandatory on passenger-carrying lines in 1889. It successfully managed train control over most of the British railway system until generally superseded by more sophisticated systems from 1950. Absolute block signalling however still constrains capacity on many lines, major and minor (see Network Rail RUS).
Object of the system.
The object, or aim, or the absolute block system is in itself defined fairly simply - "to prevent more than one train being in a Block section on the same line at the same time". In absolute block working, a "block section" (or simply "section") is a section of railway line between one signalbox and another - in absolute block, lines are paired, with an "up" and a "down" line which run in opposite directions (up being towards the principal terminus - usually London - although the definition of up has little bearing on the actual signalling of trains).
The absolute block system does not replace the use of any other form of signalling, such as fixed signals, hand signals, or detonators (and, in fact, usually relies on fixed signals).
Overview.
A train approaching a section is "offered" by a signalman to his counterpart at the next signal box. If the section is clear, the latter "accepts" the train, and the first signalman may clear his signals to give permission for the train to enter the section. This communication traditionally takes place by bell codes and status indications transmitted over a simple wire circuit between signalmen using a device called a "block instrument", although some contemporary block working is operated wirelessly. This process is repeated for every block section a train passes through.
Block instruments.
The block instrument consist of a small cabinet; its front face displays two indicators — telegraph needles — and has a commutator handle (some early designs of block instruments had miniature semaphore arms instead of needles). The upper indicator shows the state of the forward section, on the line leading away from the signal box. The commutator is used by the signalman to indicate the state of the section approaching his signal box, and the lower indicator repeats the commutator position. All indications are repeated on a similar instrument at the other end of the block section, in the associated signal box. The commutator has three positions and each of the two indicators has three positions: Normal (or Line Blocked); Line Clear; and Train On Line. Either integral to the instrument or separately mounted, there is a single-stroke bell and a bell operating device, either a tapper or a plunger.
In a simple double line configuration where the signal boxes are A, B and C in succession, the signal box at B will have two block instruments, one for trains in both directions in the section between A and B, and one for trains in both directions in the section between B and C.
Signalling bell (block bell).
The signalling bell, also known as a block bell, is used in conjunction with the block instruments if the bell is not integrated with them. It is a single stroke design and relays the codes from adjacent signal boxes. Each bell has its own distinctive sound to alert the signalman which instrument needs to be attended to.
Sections and station limits.
A line of railway is controlled by signalmen in a series of signal boxes. Typically each signal box is equipped with a "home signal", which controls the exit of an absolute block section, and a "starting signal" which controls the entrance to an absolute block or intermediate block section. Both of these are "stop signals", and are capable of showing "clear" or "stop". The extent of the line from the rearmost home signal to the most advanced starting signal controlled from the same signal box is called "station limits" at that signal box (this does not necessarily refer to a passenger station). A "distant signal" is also provided some distance from the home signal, which will only show a "clear" aspect if all stop signals under a signal box's control are clear, and will otherwise show "caution" - this gives a driver advanced warning of a need to stop.
The extent of the line from the most advanced starting (or intermediate block home signal) signal at one signal box to the home signal at the next signal box is called the "absolute block section". The absolute block system controls the safe movement of trains in the block section, and no more than one train may ever enter the section at once, other than in exceptional circumstances. Within station limits, the signalman controls the safe movement, and in normal circumstances he can directly see the position of trains there. Usually no communication with other signalmen is needed for movements within station limits.
Some signal boxes are equipped with an "intermediate block section", or "IBS". This normally takes the place of an old absolute block section, and is commonly found where former absolute block sections and their associated signal boxes have been removed. Essentially an intermediate block section allows two block sections, and therefore two trains, to be on the same line but controlled by the same signal box.
Typically, a signal box with an intermediate block section will have a home signal (and associated distant signal), starting signal and an intermediate block home signal which has its own distant signal. The line from the starting signal to the intermediate block home signal is called the intermediate block home section. The line from the intermediate block home signal to the home signal of the next signal box on the same line in the same direction of travel is the absolute block section. To clear the intermediate block home signal a "line clear" is required from the signal box in advance.
An intermediate block section means that a train can approach the intermediate block home signal while there is a train between the intermediate block home signal and the home signal of the next signal box on the same line in the same direction of travel. Generally, all intermediate block home signals and their respective distants are colour-light signals, normally showing two aspects.
The signal box towards which a train travels is said to be "in advance" and the signal box from which it travels is said to be "in rear".
Bell codes.
Bell codes are used to communicate with adjacent signal boxes. They can communicate information regarding the type of train being offered, the status of trains within sections or emergency information. A bell code is acknowledged as being understood by repetition.
Nearly all bell codes are preceded by a single stroke on the bell, referred to as "Call Attention" — the main exception being "Train Entering Section". The "Is Line Clear?" bell signal describes the train, distinguishing between ordinary and express passenger trains, and various categories of goods train. In some locations, routing information is included in the bell code, such an ordinary passenger train to be routed to a branch at the signal box in advance would be offered by the bell code 1-3 instead of 3-1. These often vary by location.
Types of train.
Train Operating Companies (TOCs) and Freight Operating Companies (FOCs) services are designated a classification as described below. For passenger trains it is generally dependent on their stopping pattern and for freight trains it is dependent on their maximum permitted speed. Empty coaching stock trains are normally class 5, but can be designated class 3 if they are going to form a Class 1 or 2 service at their destination. It is a generalised guide to assist signalmen in giving trains priority according to their classification, as well as carrying out any special instructions that may apply at a specific location. Class 1 is the highest and subsequent trains in descending order with the exception of class 9 which are officially the equivalent of a class 1.
Supplemental codes.
These codes are supplemented by codes either side, to show the status of the train within the section or the section itself:
Signalling a train.
Let us consider the process of signalling a train in the up direction (from A to C) past a signal box B. The signal box in rear is A and the signal box in advance is C. The block indicators at B are in the Normal position. The signalman at A "offers" the train to B by sending an "Is Line Clear?" code on the block bell; for example to offer an express passenger train, he sends four beats consecutively; an ordinary passenger train is offered by sending three beats, and after a pause one more beat, usually written as 3-1. If the signalman at B can accept the train safely (see below) he "accepts" the train by repeating the bell signal, and placing the commutator on his block instrument for the section from A to "Line Clear". The "Line Clear" is repeated at box A, and allows the signalman at A to clear, or "pull off", his signals.
At this point, B will not clear any of his signals. Firstly, he cannot clear his starting signal without a "Line Clear" from C. As a result, B will not clear his home signal - he can only clear it when he either has a clear run through (which he does not have without a "Line Clear" from C), or is confident that the train will be able to stop at his starting (or section) signal (this is not done until the train is in view and visibly under control). Finally, his distant will not clear without both his home and starting signals being clear.
As the train passes the starting signal at A, the signalman there sends the "Train Entering Section" signal (2 beats) on the block bell to B, and the signalman at B acknowledges the signal and moves the commutator to "Train On Line". His lower indicator on the block indicator to A repeats the position of the commutator.
B immediately offers the train on to C by sending the "Is Line Clear?" bell signal; if C accepts it he repeats the bell signal and places his block indicator to "Line Clear", which moves the position of the upper needle indicator in B's block instrument to repeat that indication. B may now clear his signals for the train.
After an interval, the train will arrive and pass B; as it does so, B sends "Train Entering Section" on the block bell to C. Then C acknowledges the bell signal and places the block instrument to "Train On Line". As the train passes, he restores his signals to danger, and when the whole of the train passes B complete with tail lamp attached, B sends the "Train Out Of Section" bell signal (2-1) to A and when A acknowledges it, he places his block indicator to "Normal". The block section between A and B is now normal and A can offer B another train, if he has one.
When the train has reached C, the signalman there sends "Train Out Of Section" on the block bell and when B acknowledges it, C places the block indicator to "Normal".
Example bell code exchange.
If Box A wishes to pass an ordinary passenger train to Box B the exchange would be as follows:
The train passes the first signal box (in this case A):
The train transits the section complete with tail lamp:
The YouTube video The Railway - Keeping Britain On Track : West Coast Mainline (S01E04) shows the Stockport number 2 signal box in action on the West Coast Mainline using the bell system
Clearing point.
The "clearing point" is a point usually 1/4 mile (440 yards) in advance of a signal box's home signal.
If, for some reason, the train does not immediately proceed beyond B and remains within the clearing point, the signalman cannot send "Train out of Section" to the signalbox in rear until the clearing point is clear. This is to give some safety margin in the event of a following train misjudging its braking to a stand at the home signal.
Similarly, if the clearing point is obstructed for some other reason, such as shunting, a train cannot be accepted.
The clearing point is usually defined by some obvious marker - at some wayside locations, it may simply be the starting signal in the same direction, whilst at others it may be another signal, or require a track circuit to be clear. Additionally, no two clearing points may overlap - for example, at junctions with conflicting movements, the points should be set so that, should each train fail to stop, they would not collide. Similarly, a full 1/2 mile must be given for trains approaching each other on the same track - 1/4 mile for each train.
A further rule regarding clearing points is that they cannot be modified once a train has been accepted, and that they must be locked for passenger train movements.
Tail lamp.
The requirement to send "Train Out Of Section" is that train has passed the clearing point complete with tail lamp attached. The tail lamp is a physical indication that the train was complete — that is, that it has not become divided in the section, leaving a portion behind (although in reality, almost all modern trains are fully fitted with continuous brakes, and hence both portions of a divided train would come to a stand if separated).
Normally this is done by visual observation of the signalman, although occasionally verbal confirmation, a tail lamp camera or tail light plunger can be used to verify the train passed the clearing point complete. This is usually done when the train would stop for a long time before passing the signal box, e.g., in a loop or station. Another train cannot be accepted from the box in rear until some form of tail light confirmation has been received.
Train register.
A "train register" is used in conjunction with the absolute block system. It is a book in which the signalman must record the time and description of every bell code sent or received, and any other information pertaining to the running of trains - such as abnormal events. The train register acts as a memory aid to the signalman, reinforces the systematic working of the block system, and serves as a permanent record of events in case of any mishap or accident.
Usage today.
The absolute block system enables the safe working of trains between manual signal boxes. As power signalling installations are implemented covering a wide area of control, manual signal boxes are gradually being supplanted, and the absolute block system is now mostly confined to limited areas of the network that carry lighter and slower traffic (there are exceptions, such as the Great Western main line through much of Cornwall). As noted above all Network Rail RUSs point to lines where absolute block signalling is a bar to increased services (both passenger and freight trains). The problem is made worse by rationalisation in the 1960s which closed signal boxes and made some absolute block sections of considerable length. 
Some heritage railways also use the absolute block system. 
The basic principles of absolute block working were adopted in a number of British Commonwealth nations and are still in use in some areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2861204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861204" title="Norman Makin">
Norman Makin

Norman John Oswald Makin AO (31 March 188920 July 1982), Australian politician, was a Cabinet minister, Speaker of the House of Representatives and diplomat.
Early life.
Makin was born in Petersham, a suburb of Sydney, the son of an itinerant worker. He received a primary education in Broken Hill, then moved with his family to Adelaide, where he became a metal-worker. He was active in the Australian Society of Engineers and the Australian Labor Party from an early age. By 1918 he was President of the South Australian branch of the Labor Party. In his private life Makin was a lay Methodist preacher.
First political career.
In 1919 he was elected to the House of Representatives for the safe Labor seat of Hindmarsh in the working-class suburbs of Adelaide. Makin spent ten years in Opposition before the election of the Scullin Labor government in 1929. He hoped to be elected to Cabinet, but had to be content with the parliamentary position of Speaker, a post in which he performed capably, being noted for his even temperament and his courtesy to all members. In 1932, following the defeat of the Scullin government, he returned to the Opposition benches, and was Secretary of the Labor Caucus during the 1930s.
By 1941, when Labor returned to power under John Curtin, Makin had an undeniable claim to office, and became Minister for the Navy and Minister for Munitions – key posts in a wartime government. In 1945 he also became Minister for Aircraft Production. He established good relations with service chiefs and played an important role in Australia's successful transition to a wartime economy. When Curtin died in 1945, Makin contested the leadership along with Ben Chifley and caretaker Prime Minister Frank Forde, but Chifley succeeded.
As diplomat.
In 1946 Chifley appointed Makin as the Australian Ambassador to the United States, a post he held until 1951. In the gathering Cold War atmosphere of the post-war years, this was a position of great importance to Australia, and Makin performed it so well that the incoming Liberal Prime Minister, Robert Menzies, kept him in the post after the change of government in 1949. In 1946 he served as the first President of the United Nations Security Council.
During his time in the United States, Makin was involved with the highly influential, conservative Christian coalition now known as The Family, that was notable for organizing the National Prayer Breakfast, but otherwise shunned publicity. In 1948 Makin was a key speaker at a meeting of this group and was recorded in a 1949 newsletter as having started up similar groups in Australia.
Return to politics and later life.
After leaving his diplomatic post, Makin returned to Australia. Although he was by now in his mid-60s, he decided to return to politics. At the 1954 election he captured the marginal Liberal seat of Sturt for Labor on 53 per cent of the vote. For the 1955 election, Makin shifted to the newly created Bonython, a comfortably safe Labor seat that had absorbed much of Sturt's Labor-friendly territory. While still a Member of Parliament in 1961 he authored a book with brief biographies of all leaders of the Federal Parliamentary Labor Party until that time. He retired at the 1963 election, but remained active in Labor affairs for many years. He died in Adelaide in 1982 at the age of 93. He was the second-last surviving member of Curtin's Cabinet; Forde outlived him by one year.
Honoured in naming of electoral division.
The electorate of Makin, established in 1984 in Adelaide's northeastern suburbs, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2861217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861217" title="Archies Creek, Victoria">
Archies Creek, Victoria

Archies Creek is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Dalyston - Korumburra Road, in the Bass Coast Shire, north-west of Wonthaggi.
The Post Office, Archie's Creek, opened on 17 November 1899 and closed in 1986.
Archies Creek was the seat of the Shire of Bass until it amalgamated in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2861219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861219" title="Halber Mensch (film)">
Halber Mensch (film)

Halber Mensch (also known as "1/2 Mensch") is a 1986 film by Japanese director Sogo Ishii with German band Einstürzende Neubauten. It was originally released on VHS, and re-released on DVD in 2005. The film's title comes from the album of the same name.
The one-hour film documents Einstürzende Neubauten's visit to Japan in 1985. It includes concert footage along with scenes of the band performing in an industrial building. Several songs from the "Halber Mensch" album are presented as music videos, some with accompanying Butoh dancers.
According to DVDManiacs, the DVD was originally mastered from a VHS tape, and the quality is therefore not as high as a usual DVD. The band, due to disputes with the manager of the label involved, have since released a remastered DVD on their own label.

</doc>
<doc id="2861228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861228" title="Long Melford">
Long Melford

Long Melford (or Melford, as it is known locally) is a large village and civil parish in the county of Suffolk, England. It is on Suffolk's border with Essex, which is marked by the River Stour, approximately from Colchester and from Bury St. Edmunds. It is one of Suffolk's "wool towns" and is a former market town. The parish also includes the hamlets of Bridge Street and Cuckoo Tye.
Its name is derived from the nature of the village's layout (originally concentrated along a 3-mile stretch of a single road) and the Mill ford crossing the Chad Brook (a tributary of the River Stour).
History.
Prehistoric finds discovered in 2011 have shown that early settlement of what is now known as Long Melford
dates back to the Mesolithic period, up to 8300 BC. In addition, Iron Age finds were made in the same year, and again were found within the largely central area of the current village.
The Romans constructed two roads through Melford, the main one running from Chelmsford to Pakenham. Roman remains were discovered in a gravel pit in 1828, a site now occupied by the village's football club. Roman finds in recent years included complete skeletons, a stone coffin, part of the original Roman Road, complete Samian pottery and a Spartan Sword unearthed in a villager's garden. In June 2013, some archaeological evidence of a Saxon and Bronze Age settlement in the northern area of the village was discovered by Carenza Lewis and her team from Cambridge University, during a student dig.
Middle Ages.
The Manor of Melford was given to the Abbey of St.Edmundsbury by Earl Aflric c. 1050. The village is recorded in the "Domesday Book" of 1086, which lists the manor of Long Melford as an estate of 600 hectares. The neighbouring Manor of Kentwell is also recorded. During the Middle Ages the village grew and gained a weekly market and an annual fair in 1235. 
Long Melford survived the Black Death in 1348-9, and was a brief stop-off in the peasants' revolt in 1381.
By the early 1400s, the manor of Kentwell belonged to the Clopton family. John Clopton was arrested in 1461 and charged with treason. Clopton was spared execution and he was released and returned to Kentwell. There he organised and largely helped to pay for the rebuilding of the parish church, a notable example of a wool church. During this time the wealth of the parish was increasing, with most of the inhabitants being free men, renting their homes and lands. Guilds were founded, and weaving cloth became a key part of the village's economy. In the official inspector's returns for the year 1446, there were as many as 30 named weavers in Long Melford, who between them produced 264 finished "cloths".
Following the dissolution of the Monasteries, Henry VIII granted the manor to Sir William Cordell.
Modern era.
In 1604, an epidemic of the plague arrived in Melford and 119 people died between the months of May and September. During the English Civil War, a Puritan mob of over one thousand arrived in Melford pursuing Elizabeth Savage, Countess Rivers, a staunch Catholic and Royalist, from her property in St Osyth to her Suffolk estate at Melford Hall. The hall was sacked and plundered and the Countess fled to Bury St Edmunds, then to London where eventually she was imprisoned for debt and died a pauper.
By the end of the 17th century, cloth production had once again become important in the area as many new entrepreneurs started to produce a range of materials known as ‘Bays and Says’, similar to baize and serge. These were lighter, cheaper types of cloth than the traditional woollen broadcloths that had been made in the 15th and 16th centuries but, once again, many of the cloth merchants became extremely wealthy and for some years prosperity returned to Melford.
Soon after the beginning of the 19th century, a range of new industries such as horsehair weaving, an iron foundry, a flax works and coconut matting started in Melford. By 1851, there were three horsehair manufacturers in Melford employing over 200 men, women and children. Prince Bertie, who later became King Edward VII, together with Princess Alexandra visited the village in November 1865, and large archways were constructed at key points in their honour to welcome them in, with the crowds.
During the 1880s, a series of wage cuts in the coconut industry caused widespread anger and eventually resulted in strike action. Feelings ran high, culminating in a riot breaking out on polling day in December 1885, during which considerable damage was caused throughout the village. Troops were summoned from Bury St Edmunds to restore order; they arrived by train and marched from Melford station to read the Riot Act from the steps of the Police Station.
In World War I, hundreds of village men volunteered to serve their country. They joined many diverse army regiments, such as the Scots Guards, Prince of Wales Regiment, Royal Engineers, the Suffolk Regiment, serving in Gallipoli, Ypres, the Somme and numerous military campaigns. Other men fought in the Royal Navy, and the newly formed Royal Flying Corps. In October 1920, the village war memorial was unveiled, and is located at the entrance of the Holy Trinity Church.
During World War II, Long Melford was a location for American and Allied service personnel, who flew B24 and B17 aircraft from two large bomber stations, RAF Lavenham and RAF Sudbury, located nearby. Troops from, amongst others, the Berkshire and Black Watch Regiments, were billeted and garrisoned within the village. Injured airmen, troops from the D-Day landings and prisoners of war were treated at the large nearby 136th Station Hospital, located between Long Melford and Acton. Band leader Glenn Miller and his orchestra briefly visited Long Melford and played to injured airmen, invited locals and hospital staff at the 136th hospital in 1944.
German prisoners of war were interned at a camp near the 136th Station Hospital, and Italian prisoners were located at a camp at the nearby village of Borley. USAF personnel from bases at Lakenheath, Mildenhall, and Wethersfield airbases often lived within Long Melford. By the end of the war, two B24 Liberators, one B17 Flying Fortress and one RAF de Havilland Mosquito had crashed in the parish with over twenty persons killed or injured. Numerous pillboxes and temporary gun emplacements were constructed in the village during the war, and in 2012 a previously unknown underground bunker room was located. According to the Remembrance Plaque at Holy Trinity Church, ninety-six serving villagers were killed in World War One, and eleven during World War Two.
Landmarks.
The great size and fine architecture of Holy Trinity Church make it unusual for a village parish church. The church dates from the reign of Edward the Confessor; it was then substantially rebuilt between 1467 and 1497 by John Clopton of Kentwell Hall. It is one of the richest "wool churches" in East Anglia and is renowned for its flushwork, Clopton chantry chapel and the Lady Chapel at the east end with some surviving medieval stained-glass. Edmund Blunden, the World War I poet, is buried in the churchyard. Next to the church is the Hospital of the Holy and Blessed Trinity, an almshouse founded by William Cordell in 1573.
Another unusual feature of Long Melford is its large elongated village green, dominated until the 1980s by a group of great elms that included one of the largest in England. The elms were painted in 1940 by the watercolourist S. R. Badmin in his 'Long Melford Green on a Frosty Morning', now in the Victoria and Albert Museum.
The village contains two stately homes, Kentwell Hall and Melford Hall, both visited by Queen Elizabeth I, and all built from the proceeds of the wool trade in the Middle Ages. Kentwell Hall and Holy Trinity Church were financed by the Clopton family, in particular by John Clopton. Both Kentwell Hall and Melford Hall are open to the general public, with Melford Hall being a National Trust property. The village's history is recorded in the Long Melford Heritage Centre, and contains finds uncovered in the July 2011 Long Melford Dig. There are also displays of old photographs, and ancient finds from the village, including a good collection of locally found Roman artifacts.
Transport.
Long Melford once had a railway station on the Stour Valley Line, but this closed in March 1967 when the line was cut back to Sudbury. It is connected to several large towns by bus, notably Sudbury, Colchester, Bury St Edmunds, Haverhill and Ipswich.
Sport and leisure.
Long Melford has a Non-League football club Long Melford F.C. who play at Stoneylands, just off St Catherines Road. They are members of the Thurlow Nunn Eastern Counties League and play in Division 1. Long Melford Country Park and Picnic Site is sited next to the River Stour in the adjoining hamlet of Rodbridge Corner. Long Melford has an large water meadow on the approach to Liston and a network of footpaths, including the Melford Walk which follows the route of the disused railway line before joining the Valley Walk path to Sudbury and the Suffolk Cycle Route which passes through the village. Located at the southern end of the village, is the Long Melford Country Park. This was formed by gravel excavations during the second world war, for nearby air fields, leaving some large attractive lakes, with wildlife habitats, and walking areas for visitors.
The Long Melford Street Fair, Classic Steam Rally, and the Big Night Out Guy Fawkes Night fireworks event at Melford Hall, are held annually.
In popular culture.
Long Melford was visited by Daniel Defoe, who mentioned the village in his book "A tour thro' the whole island of Great Britain". Defoe wrote, "Near adjoining to it [Sudbury] is a village call'd Long-Melfort, and a very long one it is, from which I suppose it had that addition to its name; it is full of very good houses, and, as they told me, is richer, and has more wealthy masters of the manufacture in it, than in Sudbury itself."
The Bull Hotel in Long Melford features in the BBC documentary "The World of John and Yoko". Melford village, and many of those surrounding it, was used as the setting for the BBC television series "Lovejoy". The 1968 film "Witch Finder General" and Terry Jones's film "Wind In The Willows" were both partially shot in Long Melford. The Long Melford Dig was filmed and documented in Michael Wood's 2012 BBC series "".
Notable residents.
The World War I poet Edmund Blunden lived, and is buried, in Long Melford; the opera singer Mignon Nevada died here; and racing driver Richard Seaman lived at Kentwell Hall during part of his childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="2861230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861230" title="Rugby Borough Council elections">
Rugby Borough Council elections

One third of Rugby Borough Council is elected each year, followed by one year without election.

</doc>
<doc id="2861237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861237" title="Last Dance (1996 film)">
Last Dance (1996 film)

Last Dance is a 1996 film starring Sharon Stone, Rob Morrow, Randy Quaid and Peter Gallagher.
Background.
"Last Dance" was filmed during the period of March 9, 1995 and May 19, 1995. It was filmed in Nashville.
The film was largely ignored at the box office, and suffered in comparison to the 1995 film "Dead Man Walking", which was an Academy Award-winning drama whose treatment of the death penalty theme was still fresh in the minds of audiences. Sharon Stone was nominated for a Razzie Award in 1997 for "Worst New Star" based on her role in the film (as the new "serious" Sharon Stone).
Plot.
Cindy Liggett (Sharon Stone) is waiting on death row for a brutal double murder she committed in her teens, 12 years earlier. Clemency lawyer Rick Hayes (Rob Morrow) tries to save her, based on the argument that she was under the influence of crack cocaine when she committed the crime of which she was found guilty and that she is no longer the same person she had been at the time of the murder.
Critical reception.
Judd Blaise of Allmovie gave the film two out of five stars.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film two and a half stars out of four. He stated ""This is potentially powerful material, and the movie handles it thoughtfully. It makes a good showcase for Stone. She does a good job of disappearing into the role. But the movie suffers from one inescapable misfortune: It arrives while "Dead Man Walking" is still fresh in our memory. That film was an unquestioned masterpiece, containing some of the best writing, acting and directing of recent years. "Last Dance" can't stand up against it. Too many of its scenes are based on conventional ideas of story construction. We can see the bones beneath the skin. The movie has a few scenes that really should have been rewritten before filming. Among the very best scenes in "Last Dance" are those leading up to the possible execution. Rick buys Cindy a dress she can wear into the death chamber, and as she unpacks it, the moment becomes very moving. Stone can be proud of her work in this movie, but the material is simply not as good as it needs to be, after "Dead Man Walking." That film reinvented the Death Row genre, saw the characters and the situation afresh, asked hard questions, and found truth in its dialogue. "Last Dance," by comparison, comes across as earnest but unoriginal. It might have seemed better if it hadn't been released in the shadow of "Dead Man Walking," but we'll never know.""
James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave the film two and a half stars out of four, whilst stating ""Arriving at theaters in the wake of the far superior Dead Man Walking, Last Dance starts out with a serious handicap. This less compelling tale of living on death row has neither the depth nor feeling of Tim Robbins' film, and, while Sharon Stone acquits herself admirably as the prisoner, Rob Morrow leaves something to be desired as the man on the outside who develops feelings for her. Hollywood rarely does this sort of hard-hitting story as well as independent productions, and this is a case-in-point. While Last Dance isn't strictly a gender-switched re-telling of Dead Man Walking, there are a number of obvious similarities. Director Bruce Beresford injects a little too much manipulation and melodrama into Last Dance. In actuality, Last Dance is more Rick's story than Cindy's. Her character doesn't have much of an arc; his does. Stone is not a revelation, but, she gives the most impressive performance of a rather lackluster career. Throughout most of the film, there is a believable, haunted look in Stone's eyes, and the questionably-structured conclusion has power largely because of the way she reacts to events. Ultimately, one of the biggest problems with Last Dance is that it doesn't take risks or break new ground. It's a little too safe, and, at times, that results in mediocre drama. Dead Man Walking showed the power this kind of film can have when handled well; this picture illustrates the effects of softening it for mainstream appeal. There are moments when Last Dance generates a legitimate emotional impact, but the road to the closing credits is littered with too many unnecessary distractions. So, while this movie is perfectly watchable, and even worth a marginal recommendation, in comparison to Dead Man Walking, it feels diluted.""
The New York Times writer Janet Maslin reviewed the film on May 3, 1996, stating ""It isn't easy to make grand entrances into and exits from a tiny jail house visiting room, but Sharon Stone finds a way. In Bruce Beresford's "Last Dance," she brings impossible sparkle to what is (literally) a dead-end role and proves yet again that in an otherwise floundering film, she can be a lifesaver. Fully transformed from Hollywood cupcake to tough cookie, Ms. Stone has more than proven how persuasively she can act, especially in such bitterly hard-edged roles. But the Death Row drama "Last Dance" proves a futile exercise in more ways than one. Here, as in the recent "Diabolique," Ms. Stone's stellar presence and surprisingly intense performance are all that stand between the audience and the void. It's rare to find films so dependent on a star turn, or at least to find the star so markedly out of sync with her material. In "Last Dance," the viewer must wait patiently through rote exposition scenes until she first appears; when they finally come, her initial moments are raw and transfixing. But soon the story begins taking sentimental turns, and even Ms. Stone's startling ferocity gets buried in sludge.""
Rolling Stone magazine writer Peter Travers reviewed the film on May 3, 1996, and he stated ""Picture Sharon Stone with stringy red hair, stripped of lip gloss and flattering camera angles, in the role of a condemned murderess about to face the grim music of lethal injection. What the hell were they thinking? Perhaps another Oscar nomination to bookend the one Stone collected for Casino. Not bloody likely. Last Dance is a prison melodrama that embraces all the cliches that Dead Man Walking artfully dodged. Last Dance acts tough, but its heart is pure soap opera. Last Dance is fiction, freeing writer Ron Koslow to work over the audience with cheap tears and exploitative suspense. Without actressy emoting, Stone convincingly establishes Cindy as "wild" — pronounced with a seductively elongated l, as in lusty and lethal. Last Dance allows few opportunities for levity, but Stone grabs what's available. No wonder Rick falls in love with Cindy — so does the movie. Stone is known for bringing a feminist twist to her characters, often in defiance of her director's intentions. Think Basic Instinct. In Last Dance, she shows with eloquent precision the strength Cindy forges in the antiseptic isolation of prison. It's too bad that Stone didn't resist Beresford's insistence that she play all the death-row platitudes — from silent resignation to screaming breakdown. As for Stone, she should stay far, far away from those slick Ricks among filmmakers who promise the truth and deliver the mock.""
The Washington Post writer Desson Howe reviewed the film on May 03, 1996 and stated ""Sharon Stone's transition from vamping to acting continues its slow, painful progress in "Last Dance." This movie isn't quite "Dumb Blonde Walking" (for one thing, she's a brunette in this picture), but that satirical slur isn't so far off the mark. The Touchstone Pictures release, which has innumerable similarities to Tim Robbins's superior death row drama, "Dead Man Walking," is about as formulaic a picture as screenwriter Ron Koslow can hack. Although, one feels more disposed to saving Stone than having her killed, the emotional effect of "Last Dance" is strangely distancing. Perhaps that's because there's no sense of a vulnerable life on the line - just an acting career.""
Barbara Shulgasser of the San Francisco Chronicle reviewed "Last Dance" on May 03, 1996, stating ""Owing to bad timing, it's inevitable that "Last Dance" will forever be known to wags as "Dead Woman Walking". It's a neat, prettily tied-up package about that stuff we see every night on TV - corruption in high places, an inhumane system and selfishness. In other words, it's simplistic, puerile rubbish. I'm happy for Sharon Stone that she can summon tears in the name of thespian greatness, but, really it's time for her to start picking difficult material if she really wants to become an actress.""
Edward Guthmann of San Francisco Chronicle also reviewed the film for the same issue, stating ""Go ahead, call it "Dead Babe Walking." What with our star awaiting execution in a Death Row pod, and her attorney (Rob Morrow) struggling against the clock to win her clemency, comparisons are inevitable to Tim Robbins' similar but far superior "Dead Man Walking." Stone is no Sean Penn, and "Last Dance" - despite able direction from Bruce Beresford and acting support from Morrow, Randy Quaid and Peter Gallagher - is an earnest, unremarkable addition to the Hollywood canon of prison movies. "Last Dance" should have been Stone's opportunity to prove her acting credentials - to show that "Casino" was more than a one-time fluke orchestrated by Martin Scorsese. You can see how hard she's tried to cut to the bone of her character - to obliterate her image and locate the core of Cindy Leggett's rage and despair. She might have had that chance, if "Last Dance," didn't spend so much time on Morrow's efforts to save Cindy's life. Working off a script by Ron Koslow, Beresford doesn't seem nearly as interested in Stone's character and her white-trash background as he is in the frustrating, protracted mechanics of a clemency appeal. The moments when "Last Dance" doesn't gloss over Stone's character are the best, and they make you wish the movie had been restructured. Unlike "Dead Man Walking," which examined the same themes to brilliant effect, "Last Dance" never reaches our hearts, and never tells the real story of a death sentence's emotional toll. It doesn't even come close.""
UK newspaper The Telegraph writer Anne Billson reviewed the film on 24 August 1996. She stated ""At least Sharon emerges from this enterprise with a certain amount of dignity. Poor Rob Morrow, who plays the callow Clemency Board attorney who becomes emotionally involved with his no-hoper case, is saddled with an atrocious floppy hair-do and a wilfully unsympathetic role; he's a poor little rich kid who has beaten a fraud rap and landed his current job only because his brother is the governor's chief-of-staff. Otherwise, it's the usual compendium of clichés: grainy flashbacks to establish Sharon's incontrovertible guilt, sheaves of bad drawings to establish her change of personality, fellow inmates exchanging sisterly "yo, bitch" banter, a governor with one eye on re-election, the crucial judge away on a fishing holiday, pro- and anti-capital punishment campaigners keeping vigil outside the penitentiary.""

</doc>
<doc id="2861263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861263" title="Peter Sinclair">
Peter Sinclair

Peter Sinclair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2861273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861273" title="Hermann Tietz (rabbi)">
Hermann Tietz (rabbi)

Hermann Tietz (September 3, 1834, (Birnbaum an der Warthe, today Międzychód), Kreis Birnbaum, Posen district, Germany) was a German rabbi.
He was educated at the University of Berlin (Ph.D. Halle). He was rabbi in Schrimm, and from 1888 was a "Stiftrabbiner" and teacher in the "bet ha-midrash" at Inowrazlaw. He published "Das Hohe Lied", translated in verse, and with notes according to the "Midrash" (Berlin, 1878); and "Megillat Eka", with a metrical translation and a Hebrew commentary, under the title "Zikron Yehudah" (Schrimm, 1881).

</doc>
<doc id="2861274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861274" title="Areegra, Victoria">
Areegra, Victoria

Areegra is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Rupanyup Road in the Shire of Yarriambiack.
Areegra Post Office opened on 1 October 1880 and closed in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="2861281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861281" title="Arnold, Victoria">
Arnold, Victoria

Arnold is a small town in the Australian state of Victoria. It is located on Bridgewater - Dunolly Road, in the Shire of Loddon. The town was originally named Kangadaar, however the creek crossing below the town was Arnold Bridge (privately owned toll bridge)which the town mistakenly became known as. The post office opened on 17 December 1888 as Arnold's Bridge, and was renamed Arnold Railway Station in 1909 and Arnold in 1924, and closed in 1989.
The main recreational facility in the town is the Arnold Recreation Centre which is home to the cricket team the Arnold Redbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="2861297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861297" title="Shanklish">
Shanklish

Shanklish ( "shanklīsh" or شنغليش "shanghlīsh"), also known as shinklish, shankleesh, sorke, or sürke, is a type of cow's milk or sheep milk cheese in Levantine cuisine. It is typically formed into balls of approximately 6 cm diameter, which are often covered in za'atar and Aleppo pepper, and then aged and dried. The most common spice is thyme, thus giving the cheese its appearance somewhat resembling a dirty tennis ball. Shanklish is also sold in much smaller balls or unformed.
In Egypt, Shanklish is made by fermenting Areesh cheese.
Shanklish varies greatly in its texture and flavour. Fresh cheeses have a soft texture and mild flavour; those dried and aged for a longer period become progressively harder and can acquire an extremely pungent odour and flavour. To make spicier cheeses, spices such as aniseed and chilli can be mixed in before the cheese is formed into balls. Spicy shanklish are often covered in chilli, especially in Syria, thus appear red. Shanklish from the Syrian coastal plain around Tartus and the adjoining northern Lebanese region of Akkar are considered particularly delectable; these tend to be hard, with a clean strong flavour and near-white colour.
Shanklish is generally eaten with finely-chopped tomato, onion, and olive oil; and often accompanied by araq. It is a common meze dish. Shanklish is also mashed up with eggs or crushed in a pita with cucumbers, mint, and olive oil for breakfast.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="2861308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861308" title="Arthurs Creek, Victoria">
Arthurs Creek, Victoria

Arthurs Creek is a town in Victoria, Australia, 33 kilometres north-east of Melbourne's Central Business District. Its local government area is the Shire of Nillumbik. At the 2011 Census, Arthurs Creek had a population of 454.
It is named after Henry Arthur, a member of John Batman's Port Phillip Association and nephew of George Arthur, a governor of Tasmania.
Arthurs Creek began as a horticultural settlement with numerous orchards, with the Post Office opening on 7 October 1889 (it closed in 1972). After the First World War, cattle and sheep farms replaced orchards as the principal industry. Today, the land-holdings of Arthurs Creek are a mixture of smaller farm properties including vineyards, orchards, and life-style properties.
The township of Arthurs Creek consists of a primary school, Mechanic's Institute Hall, CFA Station and a Uniting church. There is also a cricket oval known as Ryders Flat and the Arthurs Creek Cemetery, dating back to the 1870s.
Historical residents of Arthurs Creek include Frank Dalby Davison, the author of novels such as "Man-shy" and "Dusty". Davison lived on a property called "Folding Hills" from 1951 to 1970.
Arthurs Creek was hit by the Black Saturday bushfires in February 2009. The East Kilmore fire hit parts of Arthurs Creek and adjorning communities of Strathewen, Kinglake and St Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="2861311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861311" title="Five Days, Five Nights (1996 film)">
Five Days, Five Nights (1996 film)

Five Days, Five Nights () is a novel written by Álvaro Cunhal under the pseudonym "Manuel Tiago", made into a 1996 Portuguese film, directed by José Fonseca e Costa, starring Paulo Pires and Vítor Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="2861327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861327" title="Community Development Financial Institutions Fund">
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund

The Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) promotes economic revitalization in distressed communities throughout the United States by providing financial assistance and information to community development financial institutions (CDFI). An agency of the United States Department of the Treasury, it was established through the Reigle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994. Financial institutions, which may include banks, credit unions, loan funds, and community development venture capital funds, can apply to the CDFI Fund for formal certification as a CDFI. As of September 1, 2005, there were 747 certified CDFIs in the U.S. The CDFI Fund offers a variety of financial programs to provide capital to CDFIs, such as the Financial Assistance Program, Technical Assistance Program, Bank Enterprise Award Program, and the New Markets Tax Credit Program.
One of the largest nonprofit loan funds in the United States, Enterprise Community Loan Fund - a subsidiary of Enterprise Community Partners has loaned more than $725 million to help build or renovate 91,000 affordable homes. They also offer local funds in Atlanta, Louisiana, Los Angeles, and New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2861328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861328" title="Victor Saúde Maria">
Victor Saúde Maria

Victor Saúde Maria (1939 – 25 October 1999) was a Guinea-Bissau politician. He was the country's first Foreign Minister (1974 - 1982) and then went on to be Prime Minister from 14 May 1982 until 10 March 1984, when he fled to Portugal after a power struggle with President João Bernardo Vieira.
Maria returned from exile in late 1990 and set up the United Social Democratic Party (PUSD) in 1992. He ran for President in 1994, placing seventh and receiving 2.07% of the vote. He led the PUSD until his assassination in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2861329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861329" title="Vítor Norte">
Vítor Norte

Vítor Norte (born January 29, 1951) is a Portuguese actor and voice actor. He was born in Borba in Portugal. He won the Portuguese Golden Globe award for best actor three times.
In 2002, he appeared in, and won, season 2 of the Portuguese reality television show "Celebrity Big Brother".
Biography.
Vitor left the Escola Industrial e Comercial de Estremoz (Industrial and Commercial school in Extremoz), to settle in Lisbon, when he was seventeen. He had multiple jobs, including truck driver helper and secretarial work. He had classic ballet classes with Ana Mascollo, did mimics workshops in the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, and began his work as an actor in the Casa da Comédia (house of comedy). During the Portuguese Colonial War, he was called to do his military service and he was for two years in Guinea Bissau.
From his career in the theatre, its to be noticed the participation in Ay Carmela from the author José Sanchis Sinisterra, directed by Xosé Blanco Gil in Teatro Ibérico; Volpone of Ben Johnson, directed by Norberto Barroca in Teatro Aberto; Às Seis o Mais Tardar of M. Perrier, with Alexandre de Sousa in Instituto Franco Português; Horácios e Curiácios of Bertolt Brecht, with Antonino Solmer; Auto da Barca do Inferno of Gil Vicente, by Carlos Avilez; Os Quatro Cubos of Fernando Arrabal, by Herlander Peyroteo; Jogos de Praia of Whitehead, with João Canijo.
He started on TV in Vila Faia (RTP, 1982), after which there has been lots of work in series and mini-series like Rua Sésamo - The Sesame Street- (1990), Cluedo (1995), Alentejo Sem Lei (1990), Os Melhores Anos (1990), O Bairro da Fonte (SIC, 2000) or Capitão Roby (SIC, 2000); telemovies - Mustang of Leonel Vieira and Monsanto of Ruy Guerra; soap-operas (2007 - Ilha dos Amores, 2005 - Ninguém como Tu, 2003 - Queridas Feras, 2001 - Ganância, 1995 - Desencontros, 1994 - Na Paz dos Anjos).
With a regular presence in the cinema, he began in 1982 in A Vida é Bela, of Luís Galvão Telles. Collaborated with directors like Jorge Silva Melo, Luís Alvarães or José Fonseca e Costa, whom would direct Vitor in Cinco Dias, Cinco Noites (1995), one of his most significant performances. With the same director he also did A Mulher do Próximo (1988), Os Cornos de Cronos (1992) and O Fascínio (2003). To be noticed No Dia dos Meus Anos by João Botelho, Ao Sul (1995) by Fernando Matos Silva, Sapatos Pretos (1998) by João Canijo, Jaime (1999) by António Pedro Vasconcelos, Respirar Debaixo de Água (2000) by António Ferreira, O Gotejar da Luz (2002) by Fernando Vendrell, A Mulher Polícia (2003) by Joaquim Sapinho, Tarde Demais (2000) and Os Lobos (2008) by José Nascimento.
He was distinguished with two Golden Globes in the Best Cinema Actor in 1999 (Jaime, de António Pedro Vasconcelos); in 2000 (Tarde Demais, by José Nascimento); 2002 (O Gotejar da Luz, by Fernando Vendrell). He received in 1996 the Troféu Nova Gente as Best Actor for his performance in Cinco Dias, Cinco Noites by Fonseca e Costa (1996).
Vitor has two children, Diogo and Sara Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="2861331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861331" title="Ineos">
Ineos

Ineos Group Limited (styled as INEOS) is a privately owned multinational chemicals company headquartered in Rolle, Switzerland, and with its registered office in Lyndhurst, United Kingdom. It is in the top ten chemicals manufacturing companies as measured by sales revenue. Jim Ratcliffe is the founder, Chairman and 60 percent shareholder. Ineos is organised into around 20 standalone business units, each with its own board.
Name.
Ineos is an acronym of INspec Ethylene Oxide and Specialities, a name derived from their first acquisition in 1998 It also stems from one Latin and two Greek words that founder, Jim Ratcliffe, and his two sons found when searching for a company name. "Ineo" is Latin for a new beginning, "Eos" is the Greek goddess of dawn and "neos" means something new and innovative. As a result, the name Ineos represents the "dawn of something new and innovative"
History.
Inspec had been formed by Ratcliffe, previously a director of US private equity group Advent International, and John Hollowood in 1992 to undertake a management buy-in of British Petroleum's (BP) chemicals arm. In 1995 Inspec bought BP's ethylene oxide and glycol business for £78 million. Ineos was subsequently established as a company in 1998 by Inspec director Ratcliffe to buy-out Inspec's ethylene oxide facility in Antwerp, Belgium. The £84 million buy-out was funded by Scottish investment house Murray Johnstone (£10 million), Ineos management (£1.5 million), and investment bank BT Alex Brown (£72.5 million raised through junk bonds.)
The company grew quickly through the acquisition of commodity chemical businesses from corporate giants such as BP, ICI and BASF.
There have been three distinct phases of Ineos's growth. The first spanned over ten years, with Ineos acquiring 22 companies between 1998 and 2008. The most notable of these was the purchase of Innovene, the olefins and derivatives and refining subsidiary of BP, in October 2005 for $9 billion and ICI’s commodity chemicals business in 2001. The second phase between 2008 and 2010 saw a period of consolidation as the company tackled the impact of the global recession. As production of consumer goods, cars and construction fell during this period, the company saw sales and earnings reduce. During this period a major competitor LyondellBasell filed for bankruptcy. Some predicted a similar fate for Ineos but the company emerged from this period intact. Since 2011 the company has continued to grow through a series of strategic Joint Ventures, the largest of which was formed with PetroChina, combining Ineos’s Refining interests at Grangemouth, in Scotland, and Lavéra, in France, with PetroChina’s access to upstream raw materials. The 50:50 Joint Venture which completed in June 2011 is called Petroineos, In the same month, Ineos and BASF combined Styrenics businesses to form another 50:50 partnership, Styrolution. Ineos's growth has continued through this period, expanding production in the USA and China. Most recently Ineos announced a Joint Venture with Solvay bringing together their European ChlorVinyls businesses.
Ineos’s heritage is in a number of well known blue chip chemical companies. These include Amoco, BASF, Bayer, Borealis, BP, Degussa, Dow Chemical Company, Enichem, Erdölchemie, Hoechst, ICI, Innovene, Lanxess, Monsanto, Norsk Hydro and Solvay. The company was formed in 1998 to affect a management buyout of the former BP petrochemicals assets in Antwerp, Belgium. Since then, it has expanded by purchasing several other businesses. Several of its divisions formerly belonged to BP, and others have been divested by large companies such as Amoco, BASF, ICI, Dow Chemical, Solvay and UCB, as they have looked to focus more closely on their main product lines. In October 2005 Ineos agreed to purchase Innovene, BP’s olefins and derivatives and refining subsidiary, which had an estimated 2005 turnover of US$25 billion, for $9 billion. The deal, which was completed on 14 December 2005, roughly quadrupled Ineos's turnover, which was previously around $8 billion.
In 2007 Ineos formed a joined venture with Lanxess and created INEOS ABS, comprising Lanxess's activities in acrylonitrile butadiene styrene production, located in Tarragona. INEOS paid €35 million in a first tranche. In March 2010 Ineos Healthcare terminated its drug development programme for commercial reasons.
In February 2011 Ineos Bio broke ground on a landmark advanced biofuels facility in Florida.
"INEOS Bio’s biorefinery will have the capacity to produce 8 million gallons of ethanol and 6 megawatts (gross) of electricity per year." "The INEOS Bio process can produce ethanol and renewable energy from numerous non-food feedstocks, including construction and municipal solid waste, forestry and agricultural waste." In July 2013 Ineos Bio announced that the Florida plant is producing cellulosic ethanol on a commercial scale and claim to be the first in the world to do so using this new technology.
On 23 October 2013 INEOS announced the closure of its petrochemical plant at Grangemouth Scotland following a dispute with the Unite trade union over pensions and an attempt to impose a wage freeze and new contract on the workforce. However, by 25 October 2013 the union gave in to the closure threats, and agreed to all Ineos's demands meaning the plant would stay open and strike-free for three years.
Markets.
Ineos provides products for many markets including: Fuels and Lubricants (23.3%), Packaging and Food (18.5%) and Construction (16.1%). Other markets include Automotive & Transport, White Goods & Durables, Pharmaceutical & Agrochemical and Textiles. 
The majority of Ineos’s geographic earnings are distributed across Germany (16.8%), USA (16.1%), UK (12.3%), France (11.6%) and Benelux (10.8%).
Ineos reportedly runs operations with minimal head office management, feeling that "work teams" are better suited for handling of the workflow day to day, without middle-management.
Joint ventures.
Styrolution.
Styrolution is a 50:50 joint venture between Ineos and BASF formed in 2011. Its global headquarters can be found in Frankfurt, Germany. It has 17 manufacturing sites producing styrene monomer, polystyrene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, styrene-butadiene block copolymers and various copolymer blends. The value of the Grangemouth chemicals plant, which Ineos had once valued at 400 million pounds was written down to nothing by them in October 2013 during conflict with the union. Later that month it was reported that PetroChina was unhappy with the return on the billion dollars cash they had paid for a 50% stake in the Grangemouth, Scotland and Lavera, France refineries. According to a Hong Kong business analyst: "The European refineries are pretty much loss making. In future there won't be any similar investments".
Other ventures.
PQ Corporation is a joint venture between Ineos (40%) and The Carlyle Group (60%). It is a global producer of inorganic chemicals, catalysts and engineered glass products.
Most recently, Solvay and Ineos are to create a 50:50 joint venture which will see them combine their chlorvinyls sites in Europe. This joint venture will become the world’s third largest producer of PVC.
Products.
Ineos manufactures and distributes a wide range of petrochemicals, specialty chemicals and oil products: Ineos has been accused by some of buying assets then cutting costs through the introduction of new working practices, lower wages, and terminating pension schemes. According to Ratcliffe, some 65 per cent of salary costs at Grangemouth related to pensions.
2013.
Stephen Deans, convener for Unite union at the Grangemouth plant where he worked, and also head of the Falkirk branch of the Labour party, was suspended from his employment at Grangemouth by Ineos in the summer of 2013, while they investigated what they said were accusations he had been using company resources for political campaigning; related to recruitment of Unite members in Ineos workforce to the local Labour branch, where the selection of a new parliamentary candidate was taking place after the de-selection of Eric Joyce. A Labour Party head office investigation into allegations that people had been made new members without them knowing or signing cleared Deans of the accusations, who had been suspended from the Labour party pending the investigation as well as the Unite candidate he was supporting.
Unite said Deans was being subjected to "sinister" treatment, and in October an overtime ban at Grangemouth plant, which according to Ineos had operated at a loss of £150 million per year for the previous four years, started in protest. A 48-hour strike was set for 20 October. Ineos announced the plant would be shut down before the strike and put forward a new deal direct to the workforce, warning that the plant might close permanently if it was rejected. Two-thirds of workers voted against accepting Ineos's proposal, which would have reduced pension, shift pay and redundancy entitlements in addition to a pay freeze. On 23 October Ineos announced the permanent closure of the petrochemical site at Grangemouth. The next day the Unite union reversed its position and agreed to Ineos's proposals, which included an undertaking not to strike for three years. Deans resigned from his job at Grangemouth on 28 October 2013 after INEOS presented it's findings to his team.

</doc>
<doc id="2861337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861337" title="Hermann Tietz">
Hermann Tietz

Hermann Tietz was a German merchant of Jewish origin. Tietz was born on 29 April 1837 in Birnbaum an der Warthe near Posen (today Międzychód, Poland) and died on 3 May 1907 in Berlin). He was buried in the Weißensee Cemetery.
Tietz was the first to carry out the idea of the department store in Germany and founded the chain store later known as "Hertie", which is now owned by Arcandor.
In 1882, the first department store of Tietz was opened in Gera (Thuringia, Germany) by his nephew Oskar Tietz. Oskars brother Leonhard Tietz later founded his own chain store ("Kaufhof"). After stores in smaller towns like Bamberg, Erfurt, Rostock, Stralsund und Wismar had been successful, Tietz established his first department store in Berlin. In 1900, Herrmann Tietz opened a store in Leipziger Straße, where it was located close to the department store Wertheim, the biggest store in Europe at the time. In 1904, Tietz opened another luxurious store at Alexanderplatz. The impressive and palace-like stores were designed to offer the customers a unique shopping experience. Another example is the Alsterhaus in Hamburg (established in 1912). With ten department stores Tietz was the largest chain in Berlin. In 1927 some 13,000 employees worked in the Tietz department stores.
The Tietz family divided the German market into two spheres of interest. Herrmann and Oscar Tietz concentrated on the South and East, while Leonhard Tietz (“Kaufhof”) was active in the West and in Belgium.
In the Third Reich, all businesses of the Tietz family were "Aryanized" (i.e. seized and given to new owners) and the family members emigrated. In 1933, Georg Karg, the new owner, changed the company’s name to the less Jewish-sounding “Hertie Department Stores” as an abbreviation of "Her"mann "Tie"tz.
In 2007 Hertie made a comeback. Due to a crisis of the Karstadt department store group, Karstadt dissolved 74 of their stores. These stores were the smallest ones and been unprofitable at least. The "new" relaunched Hertie department store group re-opened them under the name "Hertie". Today all former business relations to Karstadt have been severed and Hertie is independent. Hertie had planned to expand, but on 20 May 2009 it was decided that all 54 Hertie department stores were to close 

</doc>
<doc id="2861340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861340" title="Ashbourne, Victoria">
Ashbourne, Victoria

Ashbourne is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Falloons Road in the Shire of Macedon Ranges, to the east of Woodend.
Ashbourne Post Office opened on 16 December 1899 (known as Campaspe until 1900).

</doc>
<doc id="2861342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861342" title="Paulo Pires">
Paulo Pires

Paulo Pires (born February 26, 1967) is a Portuguese television and film actor and former stage actor and fashion model, known for his work in Portuguese and Spanish television and films. He was named Portuguese Theatre Personality of the Year in the 1996 Portuguese Golden Globes. In October 2008 The Biography Channel aired a documentary covering 20 years of his life and work in entertainment.
Career.
In 1996 Pires received a Portuguese Golden Globes for 'Personalidade do Ano' (Personality of the Year) for his work in theater, but has gained recognition his roles in multiple television series, including his playing Martim Botelho in 251 episodes of "Deixa-me Amar", playing the "evil twins" Vasco and Victor Ferreira in 237 episodes of "Olhos nos Olhos", playing Quim Correia in 348 episodes of "Meu Amor", and for hosting 222 episodes of "Mundo VIP" from 1996 through 2001.
He made his first film appearance in 1993 as Corto Maltese in the film "Zéfiro", directed by José Álvaro Morais, followed by a co-starring role in "Cinco Dias, Cinco Noites" by José Fonseca e Costa (1996).
He has appeared regularly on Portuguese television in series including "Jornalistas" (1999), "Ganância" (2001), "Ana e os Sete" (2003), "Maré Alta" (2004), "Segredo" (2005), and "Até Amanhã Camaradas". He was one of the presenters of "Mundo Vip" (1998), on the Portuguese independent television channel SIC (Sociedade Independente de Comunicação).
He has also appeared on Spanish television in the series "Los Serranos" (2004), "Fuera de Control" (2006), and "Ellas y el sexo débil" (2006). In 2007 he co-starred in the drama series "Deixa-me Amar", followed by "Olhos nos Olhos". He is currently featured in television in "Meu Amor".
Since beginning his television career he has returned to the cinema occasionally with appearances in films including com "O Fascínio" by Fonseca e Costa (2003), "Maria e as Outras" by José de Sá Caetano (2004), "A rapariga no espelho" by Pedro Fortes (2004), "O Milagre Segundo Salomé" by Mário Barroso (2004), and "Do Outro Lado do Mundo" by Leandro Ferreira (2007).
In 2000 Paulo Pires married Astrid Werdnig, psychologist and former model. The couple have one daughter, Chlöe, born in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2861343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861343" title="Anterior root of spinal nerve">
Anterior root of spinal nerve

In anatomy and neurology, the ventral root (or anterior root) is the efferent motor root of a spinal nerve. 
At its distal end, the ventral root joins with the dorsal root to form a mixed spinal nerve.

</doc>
<doc id="2861348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861348" title="The Meatmen">
The Meatmen

The Meatmen are an American punk band headed by Tesco Vee, originally existing from 1981 to 1997. They reformed in 2008 and continue to tour and record.
History.
The Meatmen formed in Lansing, Michigan in 1981. The original band, existing for two years, comprised Tesco Vee, Rich Ramsey, Gregg Ramsey and David Howse. They were known for their outrageous stage antics and offensive lyrics. After releasing two EPs, Vee relocated from Michigan to Washington D.C., releasing solo EP "Dutch Hercules" before reforming the Meatmen with a rotating cast of members, including Brian Baker and Lyle Preslar of Minor Threat, and Todd Swalla of Necros. During the period, the band changed their sound dramatically to a more heavy metal sound on their first two studio albums, "War of the Superbikes" (1985) and "Rock & Roll Juggernaut" (1986). During the 1990s, Vee released a solo album under the moniker Tesco Vee's Hate Police, titled "Gonzo-Hate-Vibe", before releasing three more albums with the Meatmen in a metal-influenced punk style: "Toilet Slave", "Pope on a Rope", and "War of the Superbikes, Vol. 2". 
Reunion.
A reunited 2008 lineup included new members Ian "The Pit Viper" Sugierski on drums, Dave Malosh on guitar, and Andy "Lord Vapid" Lucas on bass. This lineup went on to tour the U.S. through 2009 and performed on the "Cover the Earth" album.
In 2010, Vee recruited three members of Detroit-based rock band Chapstik, who had toured the U.S. with the Meatmen the previous year. This lineup quickly became the newest iteration of "Tesco Vee's Hate Police", which transformed into The Meatmen shortly thereafter. This updated lineup included guitarist Leighton Mann (Hal Seitan), bassist Dan Gillies (Biff Balogna/Danny Dirtbag) and John Lehl (Swarthy "Bun-Length" Franklin) on drums. Mann was soon replaced by guitarist Kevin Roberts (aka Hindu Kush) in 2012.
In 2014, The Meatmen announced (via their Facebook page) the forthcoming release of a new album, "Savage Sagas", on Self-Destructo Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2861350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861350" title="Peter Sinclair (broadcaster)">
Peter Sinclair (broadcaster)

Peter Sinclair (15 November 1938 – 8 August 2001) was a New Zealand television personality and radio host. 
Born in Sydney, Australia, he rose to fame in the 1960s and early 1970s firstly on New Zealand radio and then as host of "Let's Go", "Happen Inn" and "C'mon", New Zealand's primary rock music television shows of the time. 
In the late 1970s he reinvented his place in New Zealand television as presenter and quizmaster on "University Challenge" and "Mastermind", two popular television quiz shows which ran until the late 1980s. Sinclair's measured on-screen personality was suited to these kinds of interactive game shows. As a quizmaster he made the phrase "I've started, so I'll finish..." (originally coined by Magnus Magnusson on the British version of "Mastermind"), a New Zealand cultural cliché. Sinclair also hosted the 1982 "Mastermind International" contest.
Sinclair was also a noted writer, penning a novel called The Frontman and writing regular columns for the New Zealand Herald newspaper. In later years he was a radio announcer from 1986, for Radio Avon, in Christchurch, the city he grew up in, which became C93FM, before moving on to Classic Hits FM and finally Easy Listening i98FM, hosting the popular "Lovesongs till Midnight" program. While still in Christchurch he helped raise money to build a Police Kiosk in Cathedral Square, for people who needed a safe place to go at all times of the day in case of emergencies. In his later years, he developed a passion for computers and was one of the first New Zealanders to become actively involved with the Internet. He wrote widely on internet issues, software developments and content.
Sinclair died in Auckland on 8 August 2001, from leukaemia, aged 62.

</doc>
<doc id="2861352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861352" title="Athlone, Victoria">
Athlone, Victoria

Athlone is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Drouin - Korumburra Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw.
The Post Office opened in 1902 as Lindermann's, was renamed Athlone in 1912 and closed in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="2861358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861358" title="Sainte-Menehould">
Sainte-Menehould

Sainte-Menehould () is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The town and its several restaurants pride themselves on serving a local specialty called "pied de cochon" or pig's trotter.
Dom Pérignon, the Benedictine monk who made important contributions to the production and quality of Champagne wine, and is often (erroneously) credited with its invention, was born in Saint-Menehould around 1638.
Among the historically aware Sainte-Menehould is remembered as the town where, in 1791, the king, Louis XVI was recognised, allegedly on account of the similarity between his face and the image of him that appeared on the coinage, during his attempted flight from Paris towards Flanders (then part of the Austrian empire and thereby ruled by his queen's older brother). The royal party left the town before the significance of the king's recognition had been acted upon, but they were pursued along the road towards Varennes and arrested by Citizen Drouet who is remembered as the local postmaster.
130 years later Ste-Menehould was important in the Champagne Riots of 1910/1911.

</doc>
<doc id="2861364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861364" title="Capital punishment in France">
Capital punishment in France

Capital punishment was practiced in France from the Middle Ages until 1977, when the last execution took place by guillotine, being the only legal method since the French Revolution (with the exception of firing squad for crimes against the safety of the state). The last person to be executed in France was Hamida Djandoubi, who was put to death in September 1977. The death penalty was abolished in French law in 1981. It is now also forbidden by the French constitution, and by several human rights treaties to which France is a party.
History.
The Ancien Régime.
Prior to 1791, under the "Ancien Régime", there existed a variety of means of capital punishment in France, depending on the crime and the status of the condemned person, such as decapitation by sword (reserved for nobles), shooting of the right hand for thieves, and burning for heretics.
Adoption of the guillotine.
The first campaign towards the abolition of the death penalty began on 30 May 1791, but on 6 October that year the National Assembly refused to pass a law abolishing the death penalty. However, they did abolish torture, and also declared that there would now be only one method of execution: 'Tout condamné à mort aura la tête tranchée' (Anyone condemned to death will have their head cut off).
The guillotine had been proposed as a means of execution in 1789 by Joseph-Ignace Guillotin. The French Revolution marked the end of hanging by requiring all executions to be accomplished by means of the blade, rather than reserving it only for nobles. However, as beheading by a hand-held axe or blade was a comparatively inefficient and unreliable method of execution compared with hanging, the mechanical guillotine was adopted; it was also regarded as a more humane way to take the life of the condemned than earlier messy ways of execution. The device was first used on Nicolas Jacques Pelletier on 25 April 1792. Guillotine usage then spread to other countries such as Germany (where it had been used since before the revolution), Italy, Sweden (used in a single execution) and French colonies in Africa, French Guyana and French Indochina.
1939 onwards.
Public executions were the norm and continued until 1939. From the mid-19th century, the usual time of day for executions changed from around 3 pm to morning and then to dawn. Executions had been carried out in large central public spaces such as market squares but gradually moved towards the local prison. In the early 20th century, the guillotine was set up just outside the prison gates. The last person to be publicly guillotined was six-time murderer Eugen Weidmann who was executed on 17 June 1939 outside the St-Pierre prison (now part of the Palais de Justice). Photographs of the execution appeared in the press, and apparently this spectacle led the government to stop public executions and to hold them instead in prison courtyards, such as La Santé Prison in Paris. Following the law, the first to be guillotined inside a prison was Jean Dehaene, who had murdered his estranged wife and father-in-law, executed on 19 July 1939 at St-Brieuc. 
The 1940s and the wartime period saw an increase in the number of executions, including the first executions of women since the 19th century. 
In the 1950s to the 1970s, the number of executions steadily decreased, with for example President Georges Pompidou, between 1969 to 1974, giving clemency to all but three people out of the fifteen sentenced to death. President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing oversaw the last executions.
Up to 1981, the French penal code stated that:
In addition, crimes such as treason, espionnage, insurrection, piracy, aggravated murder, kidnapping with torture, felonies committed with the use of torture, setting a bomb in a street, arson of a dwelling house and armed robbery made their authors liable to the death penalty; moreover, committing some military offenses such as mutiny or desertion or being accomplice or attempting to commit a capital felony were also capital offenses.
Clemency.
The exclusive right to commute the death sentence belonged to the President of the Republic, as in earlier ages it had belonged to the Monarch.
President Charles de Gaulle, who supported the death penalty, commuted 19 death sentences and during his term of office 13 people were guillotined, and a few others executed by firing squad for crimes against the security of the state (the last of those was OAS member, Lt. Colonel Jean-Marie Bastien-Thiry, who was an organizer of the famous assassination attempt on de Gaulle in 1962).
There were no executions during two-term Interim President Alain Poher, in 1969 and 1974.
President Georges Pompidou, who personally was a death penalty opponent, commuted all but three death sentences imposed during his term.
President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, who, according to his own words, "felt a deep aversion to the death penalty", also commuted all but three death sentences. He was President at the time of the last execution in France.
Amnesties.
One of the examples of general amnesty for all people sentenced to death and awaiting execution took place in 1959 when, after de Gaulle's inauguration, all sentences were commuted (amnesty is not an executive clemency, rather it is an act of parliament).
Abolition.
The first official debate on the death penalty in France took place on 30 May 1791, with the presentation of a bill aimed at abolishing it. The advocate was Louis-Michel Lepeletier of Saint-Fargeau and the bill was supported by Maximilien de Robespierre. However, the National Constituent Assembly, on 6 October 1791, refused to abolish the death penalty. 
On 26 October 1795, the National Convention abolished capital punishment, but only to signify the day of general peace. With the arrival of Napoleon Bonaparte, the death penalty was reinstated on 12 February 1810, in the French Imperial Penal Code.
The President of the Republic Armand Fallières, a supporter of abolition, continued to systematically pardon every convict condemned to death over the first three years of his seven-year office.
In 1906 the Commission of the budget of the Chamber of Deputies voted for withdrawing funding for the guillotine, with the aim of stopping the execution procedure. On 3 July 1908 the Garde des Sceaux, Aristide Briand, submitted a draft law to the Deputies, dated November 1906, on the abolition of the death penalty, but, despite the support of Jean Jaurès, the bill was rejected on 8 December by 330 votes to 201.
Under the Vichy Regime, Marshal Pétain refused to pardon five women due to be guillotined (something that had not occurred for more than 50 years). Pétain himself was sentenced to death following the overthrow of the Vichy Regime, but General Charles de Gaulle commuted Pétain's sentence to life imprisonment on the grounds of poor health. Other Vichy officials, including notably Pierre Laval, were shot. Under Vincent Auriol's presidency, three more women were beheaded, one in Algeria, two in France, the last one in Angers, 1949. 
With defence by Robert Badinter, Patrick Henry escaped being condemned to death on 21 January 1977 for the murder of a child. Numerous newspapers predicted the end of the death penalty. On 10 September 1977, Hamida Djandoubi was guillotined, the last person executed in France.
Robert Badinter, a longtime opponent of capital punishment and the defending lawyer of some of the last men to be executed, became minister of justice and proposed the final abolition of the death penalty in 1981, which was pushed through the National Assembly with the backing of newly elected president François Mitterrand.
Current status.
Today, although a few French politicians (notably the far-right leader Marine Le Pen) declare themselves to be in favour of the death penalty, its re-establishment would not be possible without the unilateral French rejection of several international treaties. Repudiation of international treaties is not unknown to the French system, as France renounced its obligations under the NATO treaty. 
On 20 December 1985, France ratified Additional Protocol number 6 to the European Convention to Safeguard Human Rights and fundamental liberties. This means that France can no longer re-establish the death penalty, except in times of war or by denouncing the Convention.
On 21 June 2001, Jacques Chirac sent a letter to the association "Ensemble" saying he was against the death penalty: "It's a fight we have to lead with determination and conviction, Because no justice is infallible and each execution can kill an innocent; because nothing can legitimise the execution of minors or of people suffering from mental deficiencies; because death can never constitute an act of justice".
On 3 May 2002, France and 30 other countries signed Protocol number 13 to the European Convention on Human Rights. This forbids the death penalty in all circumstances, even in times of war. It went into effect on 1 July 2003, after having been ratified by 10 states.
Despite the above, in 2004, a law proposition (number 1521) was placed before the French National Assembly, suggesting re-establishment of the death penalty for terrorist acts. The bill was not adopted. On 3 January 2006, Jacques Chirac announced a revision of the Constitution aimed at writing out the death penalty. (On the previous 13 October, the Constitutional Council had deemed the ratification of the Second Optional Protocol to the international pact necessitated such a revision of the Constitution. The protocol concerned civil and political rights aimed at abolishing the death penalty.)
On 19 February 2007, the Congress of France (the National Assembly and the Senate of France, reunited for the day) voted overwhelmingly a modification of the Constitution that states that "no one can be sentenced to the death penalty". There were 828 votes for the modification, and 26 against.
This is why the only feasible way to reinstate the death penalty in France would be to make a referendum, amending the French Constitution.
Variations in French opinion.
During the 20th century, French opinion on the death penalty has greatly changed, as many polls have showed large differences from one time to another.

</doc>
<doc id="2861366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861366" title="Jay Dratler">
Jay Dratler

Jay Dratler (1911-1968) was a screenwriter and novelist. Born in New York City, after attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the late 1920s, he transferred to a college in France where he became fluent in French and German. 
Cashing in on his exceptional language skills on his return to the United States, he become a successful screenwriter and novelist. He was considered very influential during the classic era of film noir in the 1940s. He won both an Academy Award and an Edgar Allan Poe Award for "Call Northside 777", and was nominated for an Oscar for his writing on "Laura". The 1948 film "Pitfall" was based on Dratler's novel of the same title.
His son, Jay Dratler, Jr., became a professor of law.
Work.
Dratler's films as screenwriter, often with collaborators, include:

</doc>
<doc id="2861367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861367" title="Neil Sullivan">
Neil Sullivan

Neil Sullivan (born 24 February 1970) is an English-born Scottish former professional footballer who is an academy goalkeeping coach at Football Championship side Leeds United.
As a player he was a goalkeeper from 1988 to 2013, starting his career with Wimbledon shortly after the clubs FA Cup triumph. He remained with The Dons for twelve years and made 181 league appearances while at times covering for the likes of Dave Beasant, Hans Segers and Paul Heald and also spent a period on loan at Crystal Palace, though by the time of his departure he was firm number one. In 2000 he moved to Tottenham Hotspur where he replaced Ian Walker as the clubs favoured keeper. In 2003 he departed after losing his place in the team and was signed as a back-up keeper by rivals Chelsea. In 2004 he moved to freshly relegated Football Championship side Leeds United where he remained until 2007. Whilst at Leeds he had eventually lost his place in the team and was loaned out to Doncaster Rovers in both 2006 and 2007, soon after he joined Rovers on a permanent deal where he remained the clubs favoured keeper until the 2012–13 season where he was loaned out to AFC Wimbledon the side formed out of the ashes of his first club. Sullivan returned to Doncaster towards the end of the year and aided Doncaster to the League One title. In July 2013 he announced he was leaving Rovers and after rejecting offers to prolong his playing career he joined former club Leeds as an academy goalkeeping coach which subsequently confirmed his retirement from professional football.
Between 1997 and 2003 Sullivan was capped 28 times by Scotland, he was selected for the 1998 Fifa World Cup but was the second choice keeper behind Jim Leighton and ahead of Jonathan Gould for all three games.
Club career.
Wimbledon.
Sullivan began his career with local club Wimbledon in 1988, amassing a total of 224 appearances between 1988 and 2000. It was during his tenure at Wimbledon that Sullivan was often acknowledged as one of the best goalkeepers in the league marked by his selection for the division's 1997–98 team of the season. Parts of his Dons career was spent covering for the likes of Dave Beasant, Hans Segers and Paul Heald.
Sullivan was the goalkeeper against whom David Beckham scored a goal from the halfway line, while he was off his line. He also played one game on loan for Crystal Palace in 1992.
Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea.
In 2000, Sullivan moved from Wimbledon to Tottenham Hotspur, where he made over 80 appearances. He then moved to Chelsea in the 2003–04 season, playing eight times for them.
Leeds United.
In June 2004, he was signed by Championship team Leeds United, by manager Kevin Blackwell to replace Paul Robinson who had left Leeds to join Tottenham. Sullivan beat off competition for number one spot from young goalkeeper Scott Carson. In his first season (2004–05), he was voted as the club's Player of the Year after some superb saves throughout the season, including saving several penalties for Leeds. Leeds finished 10 points off the playoffs after a season of rebuilding. In his second season at Leeds, they reached the playoff final against Watford, with Sullivan again having a decent season. But the playoff final ended in disaster for Sullivan with Leeds losing 3–0 to Watford and Sullivan being at fault for the second goal.
Due to an injury picked up in the pre-season match against Nottingham Forest, Sullivan made few appearances in the 2006–07 campaign for Leeds, with loan goalkeeper Tony Warner filling in whilst Sullivan was injured. Kevin Blackwell was sacked and replaced by Dennis Wise. Wise decided to sign Graham Stack on loan to compete with Warner and Sullivan. On 23 November 2006, he moved on loan to Doncaster Rovers. His loan was however cut short and he returned to Leeds on 21 December 2006. Manager Dennis Wise told the press after Leeds' 2–1 victory against Coventry City that Sullivan had put on weight, and his performances were not as good, hence his loan to Doncaster. Leeds signed Casper Ankergren as the new number one goalkeeper. Sullivan re-signed on loan for Doncaster Rovers in February 2007. After the end of his loan at Doncaster, Sullivan returned to Leeds but was released at the end of his contract.
Doncaster Rovers.
On 15 May 2007, returning to Doncaster shortly afterwards. He has since then been the first team keeper and his consistent performances throughout the 2007–08 season helped Doncaster to promotion. He made an error in the 2–1 loss to Yeovil Town on 21 March 2008, mis-controlling a backpass which led to a Yeovil goal, but the disappointment of this mistake was over-shadowed by a very successful season between the sticks, in which Sullivan kept an impressive 20 clean sheets.
He overcame this to help Doncaster win promotion to the Championship with a playoff final win over former club Leeds United, leaving them in the third tier of the Football League for at least another year.
Sullivan was also credited with a man-of-the-match performance against Aston Villa on 24 January 2009 which gave Doncaster a 0–0 draw that helped keep them in the FA Cup.
The veteran goalkeeper continued to be an ever-present in the Rovers side throughout the 2009–10 season, appearing in all 46 league games for the club.
In 2010, Sullivan signed a one-year-contract extension for the Rovers, meaning he would be at the club until the end of the 2010/11 campaign. However, he had an injury-hit season, and was eventually replaced by Gary Woods as no.1. At the end of the season, he signed another one-year extension.
On 16 November 2012 Sullivan joined AFC Wimbledon on a short-term loan from Doncaster Rovers and made his debut the following day against Aldershot. On 2 December 2012 Sullivan started in the FA Cup 2nd round match against MK Dons, which they lost 2-1.
With first choice keeper Gary Woods injured, Doncaster recalled him for their game at Bournemouth on 9 March 2013.
Following his return to the Rovers' team from his loan spell in March 2013, Sullivan went on to play till the end of the season as Doncaster won the League One title and sealed automatic promotion to the Championship. It was later announced that he would be retained by the club for the following season. [http://www.doncasterroversfc.co.uk/news/article/retained-list-2013-827023.aspx]
On 11 July 2013, Doncaster Rovers confirmed that Sullivan had left the club.
International career.
Sullivan has also been capped 28 times by Scotland. He was named in the Scottish squad for the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France, but was an unused substitute in all of Scotland's three matches.
Coaching career.
After gaining promotion to The Championship with Doncaster Rovers, Sullivan turned down the offer of extending his playing career at the club as well as an Ambassadorial role in favour of returning to former club Leeds United as Academy Goalkeeper Coach on 16 July. With an injury to Leeds substitute goalkeeper Jamie Ashdown, Sullivan revealed he had not officially retired from playing and would be willing to register himself as a player for the 2013/14 season.

</doc>
