<doc id="2921528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921528" title="Carolina Crown Drum and Bugle Corps">
Carolina Crown Drum and Bugle Corps

Carolina Crown Drum and Bugle Corps is a World Class (formerly "Division I") competitive junior drum and bugle corps. Based in Fort Mill, South Carolina, Carolina Crown is a member corps of Drum Corps International (DCI). On August 10, 2013, Carolina Crown won the 2013 DCI World Class Championship, also becoming the first former Open Class/Division II corps to do so.
History.
The Carolina Crown organization was founded in 1988 as the Charlotte Drum Corps Association, a group of local drum corps fans who gathered on an irregular basis to talk about drum corps and watch drum corps video. After organizing themselves with Bill Loelius as president, Kevin Smith as vice president, and Luanne Bialecki as Secretary-Treasurer, the group hosted two drum corps shows, Southern Gold Classic at Davidson College and NightBEAT at Charlotte's Memorial Stadium. Southern Gold Classic drew a small audience and lost money. NightBEAT was much better attended, but the group was unable to pay the stadium rental. When NightBEAT Chairperson Doug Madar, Bill Loelius, and Kevin Smith met with Charlotte Parks & Recreation Department Superintendent Marvin Billups to discuss working out some sort of payment schedule, they were surprised when Billups not only wrote off the bill for the 1988 NightBEAT but offered the Department's sponsorship for future shows. In 1989, a gift of $1000 was offered by the Queen City Optimists with the proviso that the organization start a performance group; after discussions initially centered on starting a drum line, Carolina Crown Drum and Bugle Corps was born.
After the corps bought a complete set of drums from a defunct drum and bugle corps only to discover that they were seriously damaged, John Cummings of Ludwig Drums offered to repair the drums as part of an informal sponsorship of the corps. The name Carolina Crown was adopted to recognize the groups' desire to represent the Carolinas region while still recognizing Charlotte, the Queen City, which has a crown in its logo. The leadership group met, in the fall of 1989, with a number of young band directors who were also alumni of Suncoast Sound, Spirit of Atlanta, and the Madison Scouts drum and bugle corps to tell them of their efforts to start a new local corps. From this group, Don Flewell, Cecil Adderley, Bill Register, and Van Mathews volunteered to be the corps' first instructors. After locating and purchasing the horns of the defunct California Dons, Carolina Crown began recruiting members. The corps also formed a partnership with the Mecklenburg Council of the Boy Scouts of America as Explorer Post #588, which aided them in finding school space for auditions and practices.
In 1990, fielding a corps of only sixty-one members, Carolina Crown elected to compete in the Open Class (now known as World Class) in DCI. However, not only was the corps out-classed by the other, larger corps in Open Class, but it were also bested in DCI prelims by seven corps that had advanced from Classes A and A60, finishing thirty-third of 33 corps at their first DCI World Championships in Buffalo. In 1991, the corps dropped down to Class A. At the DCI Championships in Dallas, Carolina Crown finished in second place in Class A and advanced to Open Class prelims, where they placed twenty-fifth, earning DCI Associate membership. Carolina Crown was third in the 1992 Division II championship in Whitewater, Wisconsin, once more finishing in twenty-fifth place in Division I (which had been re-named from Open Class) prelims in Madison, Wisconsin. At the 1993 DCI Championships in Jackson, Mississippi, Carolina Crown won the Division II Championship title and finished in twenty-first place in Division I prelims.
After winning Division II in 1993, Carolina Crown opted to compete exclusively in Division I in 1994. That year, the corps finished seventeenth in DCI semifinals in Boston. In 1995, in only its sixth season, Carolina Crown earned a spot as one of DCI's Top Twelve Finalists, taking eleventh place in quarterfinals and holding that position through Finals. Since that first Finals appearance, Carolina Crown has failed to make DCI Finals only once, finishing in fourth place in 2008, 2010 and 2011, in second place in 2009 and 2012, and winning the World Class DCI World Championship in 2013 after a season-long battle with the Blue Devils, with "E=MC²", and in the process the horn line scored the first perfect score in DCI Finals history, and earned the Jim Ott Award for best brass performance for the 4th time in the past 5 years.
In 1995, the corps moved from Charlotte to Belmont, North Carolina. Following the 1997 season, the corps relocated to its present home of Fort Mill, South Carolina.
Sponsorship.
Carolina Crown, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) musical organization that has a Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission. Jim Coates is the corps director.
Show summary (1990–2014).
Source:
Gold background indicated DCI Championship; Pale shaded background indicates DCI Top 12 Finalist.
Traditions.
Corps Song: "Carolina In My Mind"
Carolina Crown's official corps song is "Carolina in My Mind" written by North Carolina native James Taylor and originally arranged by former corps faculty member Marty McCartt and re-arranged by Andre Feagin. The corps sings the chorus in harmony before entering the field before each performance. All Crown alumni are welcomed to sing this with the corps.
The lyrics are: "In My Mind I'm Going To Carolina Can't You See The Sunshine, This Feeling Lasts For a Lifetime, Something That I Have Come To Find, I'll Never Leave Behind, Yes I'm Going to Carolina In My Mind."
Theme from "Band of Brothers"
In addition to the corps song, the hornline also sings and performs the theme from the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" (composed by Michael Kamen; arranged by Michael Klesch) as a theme of brotherhood within the hornline. They sing it after all rehearsals and perform it on their instruments during encores. The hornline never sings it publicly, but only in a close huddle after rehearsals.
Corps Picture "Crown"
Since 1990, the corps has always formed the trademark Crown logo while having its group picture taken at DCI Championships. Usually, The Drum Major forms the very tip at the top of the crown. In addition, the bass drum section has often made it a tradition to have their eyes looking off to one side as the picture is snapped.
Age-Out Dinner
Every year, the corps recognizes the age outs from the current year with a formal dinner held during finals week. The age-outs are given an opportunity to speak, and are awarded their age out Crown pendants at this time. In 2007, the decision was made to combine the Age-out dinner with the corps awards banquet, which had traditionally been held the December following the Summer. In 2009, another wrinkle was added as the corps held the age-out dinner in the afternoon of the day after Finals. This was the first time in the corps' 20-year history that it did not depart the Finals city immediately after the Saturday Night Finals show.
NightBEAT
From 1988-2008, Carolina Crown hosted "NightBEAT" at American Legion Memorial Stadium in Downtown Charlotte. This show is considered to be the premier non-regional DCI show in the country.
From 2009-2011, NightBEAT was moved to Rock Hill, SC's District III Stadium. While this is a smaller venue than Memorial Stadium (About 4100 seats vs. 7000-8000 for ALMS), the move was necessary as the City of Charlotte was forced to temporarily close ALMS due to a part of the concrete stands collapsing.
In 2012, NightBEAT returned to ALMS when the stadium repairs were completed. The NightBEAT return was a great success, with a nearly sold-out crowd, and the Carolina Crown missed defeating the Blue Devils by 0.2 points.
NightBEAT was again held at ALMS in 2013, with the largest crowd in NightBEAT history; nearly 7,500 spectators. Again Carolina Crown narrowly missed defeating the Blue Devils by 0.05 points.
Revenue from NightBEAT is one of Crown's largest funding sources.

</doc>
<doc id="2921540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921540" title="Agave lechuguilla">
Agave lechuguilla

Agave lechuguilla (common name in Chihuahua: lechuguilla, meaning "little lettuce") is an agave species found only in the Chihuahuan Desert, where it is an indicator species. It typically grows on calcareous soils. The plant flowers once in its life, then it dies. The flowers are a source of nutrients for insects, bats, and some birds.
The leaves are long, tough and rigid, with very sharp, hard points which can easily penetrate clothing and even leather, giving the colloquial name "shin-daggers". Native Americans have used fibers from the leaves (commonly called "ixtle", but also a hard fiber known by the trade name Tampico fiber) to make ropes and mats. Nowadays, Tampico fiber is also being used in the industrial brush business. It is resistant to most chemicals, alkaline and acidic solutions, heat, etc. 
The water stored in the flowering stalks of this plant, rich in salts and minerals, is sold in Mexico as a sport drink. The plant makes up a large part of the diet of the collared peccary (javelina) in some areas. It is toxic to cattle and sheep, however.

</doc>
<doc id="2921548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921548" title="Vermio, Kozani">
Vermio, Kozani

Vermio () is a former municipality in Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Eordaia, of which it is a municipal unit. In 2001, it had a total population of 3,483 permanent inhabitants. The seat of the municipality was in Komnina.

</doc>
<doc id="2921550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921550" title="Tommy Flanagan">
Tommy Flanagan

Thomas Lee Flanagan (March 16, 1930 – November 16, 2001) was an American jazz pianist and composer. He grew up in Detroit, initially influenced by pianists Art Tatum, Teddy Wilson, and Nat King Cole, and then by the newer bebop musicians. Within months of moving to New York in 1956, he had recorded with Miles Davis and on Sonny Rollins' landmark "Saxophone Colossus". Recordings under various leaders, including the historically important "Giant Steps" of John Coltrane, and "The Incredible Jazz Guitar of Wes Montgomery", continued well into 1962, when he became vocalist Ella Fitzgerald's full-time accompanist. He stayed for three years, then returned to be her pianist and musical director in 1968, and stayed for a decade.
After leaving Fitzgerald again, Flanagan attracted praise for the elegance of his playing, which was principally in trio settings when under his own leadership. In his 45-year recording career, he recorded more than three dozen albums under his own name and more than 200 as a sideman. By the time of his death he was one of the most widely admired of jazz pianists and had influenced both his contemporaries and later generations of players.
Early life.
Flanagan was born in Conant Gardens, Detroit, Michigan, on March 16, 1930. He was the youngest of six children – five boys and a girl. His parents were both originally from Georgia. His father, Johnson Sr, was a postman, and his mother, Ida Mae, worked in the garment industry.
At the age of six, his parents gave him a clarinet for Christmas. He learned to read music from playing that instrument, but within a few years he preferred the piano. The family had a piano in the house, and Flanagan received lessons from one of his brothers, Johnson, and Gladys Wade Dillard, who also taught Kirk Lightsey and Barry Harris. Flanagan graduated from Northern High School, which he attended with other future musicians, including Sonny Red.
Flanagan's early influences included Art Tatum and Teddy Wilson, both of whom he heard on radio and playing in the Detroit area, as well as Nat King Cole and local pianists Earl Van Riper and Willie Anderson. These, however, played in an earlier style, and the young Flanagan and his friends were more interested in the newer bebop, including that played by pianist Bud Powell, who had a strong effect on Flanagan's musical thinking and improvising.
Later life and career.
1945–1955 – Around Detroit.
Flanagan's first concert was around 1945, with trombonist Frank Rosolino. Flanagan's age meant that he could not stay in the bar area of the club, so between sets he went to another room and did some homework. As a teenager, he played in a band led by Lucky Thompson that also contained Pepper Adams and Kenny Burrell. Still in his teens, Flanagan also sat in on piano for some appearances by Charlie Parker in Detroit. During 1949 Flanagan had his first residence, at the Blue Bird Inn in Detroit. In 1950 he played with Rudy Rutherford, until the clarinetist returned to the Count Basie band. Flanagan then played jazz and rhythm and blues with saxophonist George Benson in Toledo, before being drafted into the army in 1951.
After basic training in Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, Flanagan auditioned as a pianist for an army show. He got the role, which prevented him from being sent to the Korean War at that time, but around a year later he was sent to Kunsan, with the war ongoing. There, he worked as a motion-picture-projector operator. After two years' service he was discharged and returned to Detroit, where he soon became pianist at the Blue Bird again. He again worked with Burrell, as well as Donald Byrd and Yusef Lateef, among others.
1956–early 1978 – After move to New York.
Flanagan moved to New York in 1956. He was unsure of how long he would stay, having been persuaded to go by Burrell; the pair initially stayed with Burrell's aunt in Harlem. Flanagan soon found work in clubs and studios, including recording "Detroit – New York Junction" with Thad Jones in March. Later the same month he returned to recording, this time with Miles Davis and Sonny Rollins, for tracks released on "Collectors' Items". Rollins was leader for another session three months later: "Saxophone Colossus", which was labeled an "undisputed masterpiece" by "The Penguin Guide to Jazz".
Flanagan also first accompanied Ella Fitzgerald in 1956, for around a month, including at the Newport Jazz Festival. Later that year he joined trombonist J. J. Johnson, with whom he recorded several albums in 1957 and then toured Europe. While in Sweden, Flanagan, with bassist Wilbur Little and drummer Elvin Jones, recorded his first album as leader, "Overseas". Late in 1957 he was part of Miles Davis' band for a short period, before returning to Johnson early the following year, for another stay of 10 months. A period leading his own trio in 1958 was followed by joining trombonist Tyree Glenn.
Throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s Flanagan made frequent appearances in recording studios, for a large number of leaders and record labels. In May 1959 he was part of a groundbreaking recording: John Coltrane's "Giant Steps", described by "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" as the saxophonist's "first genuinely iconic record". The technical complexity of the music, particularly of the title track, meant that there were numerous false starts and rejected takes, and the initially released take of "Giant Steps" is a rare instance on record of Flanagan sounding uncertain. Another appearance on a landmark recording came in January of the following year: Flanagan was a member of the quartet that made "The Incredible Jazz Guitar of Wes Montgomery"; his playing complemented that of the guitarist, using controlled force on bebop numbers and delicacy on a ballad track.
Flanagan was with trumpeter Harry Edison in 1959–60, and tenor saxophonist Coleman Hawkins in 1961–62, including a UK tour. In this period, Flanagan recorded albums for several leaders from an earlier era, including Lionel Hampton, Jo Jones, and Pee Wee Russell, as well as one with Edison and around 10 with Hawkins. Flanagan then played with guitarist Jim Hall and bassist Percy Heath as a trio in New York.
In 1962, he was asked by jazz impresario Norman Granz to become Ella Fitzgerald's full-time accompanist. Flanagan was looking for steadier work than was available with Hawkins, so he accepted. He worked with Fitzgerald from 1962 to 1965. They toured internationally, including to Japan in 1964. He also played with other bands when not required by the vocalist; these included a brief reunion with Rollins in 1965. Later the same year, Flanagan left Fitzgerald and was part of Art Farmer's short-lived New York Jazz Sextet, which recorded "". Flanagan then became accompanist to Tony Bennett for part of 1966, and lived on the West Coast.
Flanagan returned to working with Fitzgerald in 1968. In addition to being her pianist, mostly as part of a trio, he was her musical director. Her popularity meant that a lot of touring was required: 40–45 weeks a year, including at least one tour of Europe a year (29 cities there in 1970, for example). During these concerts, Flanagan often played a set as part of his trio, without the singer. Beginning in 1974, he again began to perform and record as a leader: his 1975 trio release, "The Tommy Flanagan Tokyo Recital", was his first as leader since 1960. Prior to these performances, he had felt that his technique was inadequate for a soloist, but he enjoyed the extra exposure of being a leader, so decided to continue. Flanagan ended his role with Fitzgerald in 1978, after he had a heart attack and had become tired of extensive touring. After the heart attack, he stopped smoking, reduced the amount that he drank, and exercised by walking more than he had previously. 
Late 1978–2001 – After Ella Fitzgerald.
Soon after leaving Fitzgerald, Flanagan played solo piano in New York. In 1979 he was a guest on the first series of Marian McPartland's "Piano Jazz" radio programs. He continued to work with other players, including as a trio with Tal Farlow and Red Mitchell in 1980. For much of the 1980s he led a trio that featured bassist George Mraz and various drummers. By around 1990 Flanagan was concentrating on his own appearances and recordings rather than sideman activities. In the early 1990s Mraz was replaced by Peter Washington, whose heavier bass lines added urgency to the trio's sound.
Flanagan's reputation gradually grew after he moved on from being primarily an accompanist: in a 1992 article, critic Leonard Feather suggested that "Flanagan is the pianist most likely to be named a personal idol by other jazz pianists, whether they be swing veterans or avant-gardists". This made him more in demand; the workload may have contributed to his collapse in 1991 and subsequent quadruple bypass heart surgery. He returned to playing within weeks, but also returned to hospital for treatment for an aneurysm. Flanagan was awarded the Danish Jazzpar Prize in 1993. Three years later, he was selected for a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Masters Fellowship. In 1990, 1993 and 1997, Flanagan toured Japan, where he was very popular, with 100 Golden Fingers, a 10-pianist group.
Flanagan continued to be praised for the elegance of his playing – critic Ben Ratliff commented in 1998 that the trio with Washington and drummer Lewis Nash was, "in its controlled, elegant way, [...] one of the more extraordinarily coordinated piano trios in jazz's history". Despite the near-unanimous praise from critics and musicians for Flanagan's recordings and concert performances after he left Fitzgerald, he did not secure a recording contract with a major label for more than one album.
In late October 2001, Flanagan played in a John Coltrane tribute at the San Francisco Jazz Festival. The following month, he was admitted to Mount Sinai hospital in Manhattan; less than a fortnight later, on November 16, he died there, from complications related to the aneurysm he had suffered a decade earlier.
Personality and family life.
Flanagan first married in 1960, to Ann. The couple had a son and two daughters, and divorced in the early 1970s; Ann was killed in a car accident in 1980. Flanagan's mother died in 1959, and his father in 1977. Flanagan married Diana, his second wife, in 1976. He was survived by Diana, the three children from his first marriage, and six grandchildren.
Flanagan was usually self-effacing, reserved and amiable. His personality was summarized by his second wife: "His gentleness and quietness are deceptive. He is a strong man, and he has a lot of spirit and firmness."
Playing style.
Whitney Balliett stated that Flanagan was the most consistent of the pianists influenced by Wilson, Tatum and Cole, and invariably created something new in his playing: he "often states the melody with dissonant, levering chords played offbeat or staccato. Never decorative, they [...] reveal both a respect for the melody and an intense desire to alter it"; during his main improvising, he used "interval-filled descending figures [...] charging rhythmic phrases whose accented first notes make the succeeding notes "snap", double-time phrases that race ahead to clear the way, and legato phrases that form sauntering rear guards." In a review of a 1989 concert, Feather commented that Flanagan used "subtle dynamic shadings", while "bursts of upsweeping chords sometimes lent an element of surprise, with a nimble left hand offering graceful filigree fills" and occasional musical quotes that added humor. Other techniques he employed were, in Stanley Crouch's description, "crooning effects achieved by manipulating the pedals, holding down keys long enough to sustain notes in decisively different ways, and working out inflections that evoke the voice – sighs, moans, swells, purrs". Critic John S. Wilson described Flanagan's solo piano style on ballads in 1978: "He drifts through ballads with a dreamy langourous flow, but it is not a soft or flabby style. There is, beneath the surface, a vitality that gives it a lean, swinging character".
Although he acknowledged the influence of other pianists, Flanagan stated that, "I like to play like a horn player, like I'm blowing into the piano. The sound of a piece – its over-all tonality – is what concerns me." In concerts, Flanagan typically played a range of composers' works and, once he had become established as a small-group leader, he often played songs by Tadd Dameron, Duke Ellington, Benny Golson, Thad Jones, Tom McIntosh, and Thelonious Monk.
Awards and legacy.
During his career, Flanagan was nominated for five Grammy Awards. The first occasion was in 1983: "The Magnificent Tommy Flanagan" for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Soloist; and "Giant Steps" for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Group. Two years later, "Thelonica" was nominated for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Soloist. The next nomination was in 1998, for Best Jazz Instrumental Solo for his solo on "Dear Old Stockholm" from "Sea Changes". The last, in 2003, was in the same category, for Flanagan's solo on "Sunset & the Mockingbird", from "A Great Night in Harlem".
Flanagan's influence on pianists extended from his contemporaries to later generations. Contemporaries included fellow Detroit players Barry Harris and Roland Hanna. Lightsey was influenced by Flanagan's musical creative thinking and pianistic fluidity. Alan Broadbent also acknowledged Flanagan as an influence, as did Helen Sung, who changed from being a classical music pianist to a jazz one after hearing the swing and logic of a Flanagan solo. Kenny Barron described Flanagan as his "hero" and stated that he admired the older man's touch and phrasing from when he first heard it at junior high school: "He became an influence and continued to be an influence till the day he died – and he still is."

</doc>
<doc id="2921573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921573" title="Queens Park High School">
Queens Park High School

Queen's Park High School or QPHS is a secondary school in Queens Park, Chester, in the United Kingdom. The school symbol is the heraldic lion, and the school uniform consists of a blue jumper with a small white lion on the left hand side, and black or blue trousers.
History.
Queen's Park High School although only coming under its current name in 1971 is the oldest non-public school in Chester.
Boy's School.
Chester City Grammar School for Boys developed out of a technical day school, which opened at the Grosvenor Museum in 1892. Following the Education Act, 1902, it was decided to adapt the day technical school to meet the requirements of the Act, and its name was changed to City and County School for Boys in June 1907. It was transferred to Chester Corporation in August 1908, but remained at the Grosvenor Museum, with its own Board of Governors (some of them being appointed by Chester Corporation), until 1912. The school then moved to new buildings in Queen's Park. In 1938 its name was changed to Chester City Grammar School for Boys, and in 1941 new premises were opened in Queen's Park. As the 1970s dawned the school came under the scheme for the reorganization of schools in Chester, and Chester City Grammar School for Boys combined with Chester City High School for Girls, with the name of Queen's Park High School. The Headmaster of the combined school was appointed in 1970, and complete amalgamation of the boys' and girls' schools took effect from September 1971.
Girl's School.
Chester City High School for Girls was established following the Education Act, 1902, which made provision for secondary education. It began in temporary premises, the Race Stands on the Roodee, on 23 January 1905. On 25 March 1912 new premises were opened in Queen's Park. Originally known as the City and County School for Girls, because the County Education Authority maintained a certain number of the places available to students, the name of the school was changed in 1938 to Chester City High School for Girls. Under the scheme for the reorganisation of schools in Chester, prepared by the City Education Officer in 1968, the City High School for Girls and City Grammar School for Boys combined to form a mixed High School. The headmaster of the combined school was appointed in 1970, but the headmistress of the City High School remained as associate headmistress until July 1971. From that date the City High School for Girls ceased to exist as a separate school.
Extracurriculars.
Musicals and Theatrical Productions.
QPHS has a long history of annual school performances which usually run for a week in the spring term.
The plays have included:
In the past the school had also been known to put on occasional operas, such as "Il trovatore" and "La Tosca", as well as W.S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan operettas such as "Trial by Jury".
Other musical events.
Each year QPHS stages a Summer Concert and Candle Lit Christmas Evening. There is an active school orchestra. In February the school has an "X Factor" like event called "The V Factor" showcasing the talents of the school's pupils. There is an annual Battle of the Bands contest open to students from all local secondary schools.
Sports and clubs.
-Rowing Club
-Duke of Edinburgh Award
-Cricket Club
-Football Club
-Rugby Club
-Trampoline Club
-Cartography Society
-Faraday Club (Defunct)
-Debating Society (Defunct)
-Society of St. Sebastian (Defunct)
-Wireless Club (Defunct)
-Caledonian Society (Defunct)
School magazine.
In the winter of 2009 there was a push for the resurrection of the traditional Queen's Park "Inkwell" under the new name of "High Times" - due to various complications the paper was never remade.

</doc>
<doc id="2921579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921579" title="Gemtuzumab ozogamicin">
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin

Gemtuzumab ozogamicin (marketed by Wyeth as Mylotarg) is a drug-linked monoclonal antibody (an antibody-drug conjugate) that was used to treat acute myelogenous leukemia from 2000-2010. It was withdrawn from market in June 2010 when a clinical trial showed the drug increased patient death and added no benefit over conventional cancer therapies.
Gemtuzumab is a monoclonal antibody to CD33 linked to a cytotoxic agent from the class of calicheamicins. CD33 is expressed in most leukemic blast cells but also in normal hematopoietic cells, the intensity diminishing with maturation of stem cells. In the United States, it was approved under an accelerated-approval process by the FDA in 2000 for use in patients over the age of 60 with relapsed acute myelogenous leukemia (AML); or those who are not considered candidates for standard chemotherapy.
Within the first year after approval, the FDA required a black box warning be added to Gemtuzumab packaging. The drug was noted to increase the risk of veno-occlusive disease in the absence of bone marrow transplantation. Later the onset of VOD was shown to occur at increased frequency in Gemtuzumab patients even following bone marrow transplantation. The drug was discussed in a 2008 JAMA article, which criticized the inadequacy of postmarketing surveillance of biologic agents.
Common side effects of administration included shivering, fever, nausea and vomiting.
Serious side effects included severe myelosuppression (suppressed activity of bone marrow, which is involved in formation of various blood cells in 98% of patients), disorder of the respiratory system, tumor lysis syndrome, Type III hypersensitivity, venous occlusion, and death.
Withdrawal from market.
A randomized phase 3 comparative controlled trial (SWOG S0106) was initiated in 2004 by Wyeth in accordance with the FDA accelerated-approval process. The study was stopped prior to completion due to worrisome outcomes. Among the patients evaluated, fatal toxicity rate was significantly higher in the gemtuzumab combination therapy group vs the standard therapy group. Mortality was 5.7% with gemtuzumab and 1.4% without the agent (16/283 = 5.7% vs 4/281 = 1.4%; P = .01).
In June 2010, Pfizer withdrew Mylotarg from the market at the request of the US FDA. However, some other regulatory authorities did not agree with the FDA decision, with Japan's Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency stating in 2011 that the "risk-benefit balance of
gemtuzumab ozogamicin has not changed from its state at the time of approval".

</doc>
<doc id="2921587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921587" title="Mounds Park Academy">
Mounds Park Academy

Mounds Park Academy, founded in 1982, is an independent, PreK-12, co-educational, college preparatory day school in Saint Paul, Minnesota serving students from throughout the Twin Cities metropolitan area. The school is accredited by and is a member of the Independent Schools Association of the Central States. It is also a member of the National Association of Independent Schools and The College Board.
The school is a facility, on a campus of more than .
The Mounds Park Academy Mission Statement:
"We teach students to think independently, communicate effectively and act with respect and integrity in a diverse community that models intellectual ambition, global responsibility and the joy of learning."
History.
Mounds Park Academy was founded by Bob Kreischer and Sandy Kreischer Smith in 1982. That fall, there were 100 students enrolled. By 1986, MPA had quadrupled its enrollment and celebrated its first graduating class of nine students. Today MPA has approximately 600 students in Pre-Kindergarten through 12th grade, and graduates as many as 75 students each year.
MPA was originally going to be located in the Mounds Park neighborhood of St. Paul. By the time the school opened, the location had changed to Larpenteur Avenue; however, the school's name and mission stayed the same.
Technology.
Technology at Mounds Park Academy is integrated into the overall PK-12 program. 
The entire campus at Mounds Park Academy is wireless, with several types of computer workstations and four labs located throughout the school. Many Lower School classrooms and the Library have computers available for quiet study or research. The Library features an online catalog system and research-oriented databases.
Mounds Park Academy was one of the first schools in Minnesota to initiate a 1:1 laptop program. All teachers at MPA, as well as all students in the Upper School, are provided with a laptop computer, which is used for in-class learning as well as homework.
In the fall of 2011, MPA introduced a 1:1 iPad program in the Middle School. iPad applications are being integrated into the Middle School curriculum to enhance learning experiences.
Fine Arts.
All students in lower and middle school participate in music, theater, and visual arts. In upper school, students take fine arts courses as electives. There are multiple bands and orchestras, singing ensembles, and art classes in which students can participate. A variety of theater classes are also offered to upper school students. Each year, there is a middle school play, an upper school winter show, and an upper school spring musical.
Athletics.
Mounds Park Academy offers many athletic opportunities: volleyball, soccer, football, swimming and diving, dance team, basketball, hockey, Nordic skiing, baseball, softball, track and field, cross country, tennis, and golf. MPA’s athletic teams compete in the Tri-Metro Conference. 
Extracurricular Activities.
MPA offers over 70 extracurricular opportunities including fine arts, academics, social awareness, and athletics. Almost all students in the Upper School participate in at least one activity.
The school offers a variety of clubs and groups including: Amnesty International, Book Club, Debate, Environmental Club, Equestrian Club, French Club, GLBTQ Alliance, Habitat for Humanity, Inkslingers, International Thespian Society, Library Advisory Club, Mosaic, National Honor Society, Newspaper ("The Voice"), Peer Leaders, Quiz Bowl, Science Club, Snowboarding Club, Spanish Club, Speech, Spring Musical, Student Council, Tutors Guild, Winter Show, and Yearbook ("Gnomon").
Graduation Requirements.
Credits: In order to graduate, MPA students must have 4 English credits, 4 social studies credits, 3 mathematics credits, 3 science credits, 3 world language credits, 2.5 instrumental, theater, visual arts, vocal, or physical education, and .5 health credits.
The Service Program at Mounds Park requires each student to complete a minimum of 60 hours over four years in order to graduate. Thirty hours are required for the Senior Service Project regardless of how many hours a student has completed during the first three years. 
Senior Service Project: All MPA seniors submit a service project proposal individually, complete a minimum of 30 hours of focused service, keep a record or journal of their experiences, and prepare an end-of- the- year “exhibit” or presentation based on their experience. All projects are displayed and presented at the annual Service Fair in the week prior to Commencement. 
Senior Performances: Each member of the MPA senior class gives a 5-minute speech or performance to his or her peers and the MPA community.
2011 theft resolution.
In April 2011, the former director of information technology at Mounds Park Academy was convicted of using a school-issued credit card to purchase a total of $229,000 worth of items such as computers and media players, which he wrote off as school expenses and then sold online. Jason Clayton Aune, 36, pleaded guilty to four counts of theft by swindle and was sentenced to one year in jail and ordered to pay restitution.

</doc>
<doc id="2921592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921592" title="Chisos Mountains">
Chisos Mountains

The Chisos Mountains are a mountain range located in the Big Bend area of West Texas, United States. The mountain range is contained entirely within the boundaries of Big Bend National Park. This is the only mountain range in the United States to be fully contained within the boundary of a national park. It is also the southernmost mountain range in the United States.
The highest point in the Chisos Mountain range is Emory Peak at above sea level.
Location and access.
The Chisos Mountains are located in Big Bend National Park. The range of mountains extends twenty miles from Punta de la Sierra in the southwest to Panther Junction in the northeast. There are two routes to access the Chisos Basin Visitor Center, campground, general store, and the Chisos Mountain Lodge. (1)Take US HWY 385 S to Panther Junction turn right on Texas State Rt. 118; travel on TX SR 118 for about then turn left on Green Gulch. (2) Take Texas State Rt 118 S to Green Gulch and turn right. An extensive trail system and permit required backcountry campsites are maintained by Big Bend National Park for its visitors. Some trails and campsites are closed from January through April to protect nesting sites of indigenous bird species. 
The Chisos mountain area and basin contain most conveniences for the park. Other park service areas are minimal. The mountain area is partly forested (recovering from logging and overgrazing prior to the area's inclusion in the National Park System in the 1930s), and the surrounding area is beautiful Chihuahuan Desert. Nearest towns of consequence are Fort Stockton, 135 miles north, Alpine, northwest and Presidio, about west. Two Mexican towns (Boquillas and Santa Elena) border the park; and cross-border access was reopened in 2011.
Etymology.
There are many explanations circulating about the origin of the place name. One is that it derives from the Castillion word 'hechizo' and means enchantment. Another is that it comes from the Athabaskan term 'tic thos' for double edged scrapers and invokes both the sharp rounded shape of the mountains and the abundance of flint.

</doc>
<doc id="2921596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921596" title="Lake Umbozero">
Lake Umbozero

Umbozero Lake (, named after the adherent Umba River) is located in Murmansk Oblast of Russia, between the Khibiny on the west and Lovozero Tundras on the east. Area is 422 km², average depth is 15 m, maximum is 115. The lake freezes from the end of October. Three kinds of fish could be found in it.

</doc>
<doc id="2921598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921598" title="Rakesh Sharma (cricketer)">
Rakesh Sharma (cricketer)

Rakesh Sharma (born January 24, 1982 in Moradabad) is an Indian-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler. He has made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2921603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921603" title="California State Route 371">
California State Route 371

State Route 371 (SR 371) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California, serving as a short connector from SR 79 near Aguanga to SR 74 near Anza. It is a heavily used shortcut from southwestern Riverside County to the Coachella Valley via SR 74. This was part of SR 71 until 1973, when SR 79 and SR 71 were co-signed from Aguanga to Temecula. In 1974, the portion of SR 71 from Temecula to Corona along I-15's current alignment was deleted and the orphaned route from Aguanga to Anza was re-signed as SR 371.
SR 371 is the main highway crossing through the communities of Anza and Aguanga and connects both towns. SR 371 crosses through the private community of Lake Riverside, as well as the Cahuilla Indian Reservation. It is one of the most populated roads running through the town of Anza but mostly runs through rural areas. The highway is often plagued by shutdowns due to snow, ice, wind, and wildfires, which occasionally causes the closing of the local schools.
Route description.
SR 371 begins as Cahuilla Road at the intersection with SR 79. It travels northeast away from the community of Aguanga, loosely paralleling Tule Creek for the first few miles. SR 371 continues through the Lake Riverside community, crossing over the outflow of Lake Riverside. The highway enters the Cahuilla Indian Reservation and passes by the Cahuilla Creek Casino in Cahuilla before passing through the community of Anza. SR 371 briefly becomes Kenworthy Bautista Road and parallels Hamilton Creek as it enters the San Bernardino National Forest before terminating at SR 74.
History.
Before 2003, the intersection with SR 79 was a very dangerous one, as northbound SR 79 traffic had to stop at a stop sign and there was no such sign for southbound SR 79 traffic or for SR 371 traffic headed towards its western terminus. Now, there are stop signs in every direction at that intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="2921609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921609" title="Charles J. Suck">
Charles J. Suck

Charles J. Suck was an 18th-century composer, oboist, and flutist who was active in London during the 1780s. The "European Magazine" described him as "proficient on both the oboe and the German flute." He is particularly remembered for his "Trio no. 1 in C major".
Biography.
Not much is known about Suck's background, with his date and place of birth currently unknown. Some evidence suggests that he may have been of central European descent. One of the earliest mentions of Suck was a notice for a benefit concert given by Johann Christian Fischer on 16 May 1781 which described Suck as a "scholar" of Fischer. Suck and Fischer played in several more London concerts together during the 1780s. 
In 1784 Suck performed a double concerto with fellow oboist Friedrich Ramm and in May and June of that year performed in the Handel Commemoration at Westminster Abbey and the Pantheon. It was also the year that his set of six trios was published; two each for oboe, flute and violin, with violin and cello. Melodious and well crafted, the trios, particularly the first one, became popular chamber performance pieces during the latter part of the 18th century. George IV, then the Prince of Wales, was notably an exponent of the pieces.
The last known correspondence surrounding Suck is a May 1789 article in the "Public Advertiser" which stated that Suck was unable to appear at a concert (18 May 1789) at the Hanover Square Rooms where he was supposed to premiere an overture. He had apparently broken his right arm at a gentleman's musical party earlier that month and was unable to perform. After this point, no accounts of performances by Suck or compositions by Suck have been found. Scholars have speculated that he may have moved away from London or that his accident had something to do with the end of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="2921616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921616" title="Caradog">
Caradog

Caradog (Caradoc, Caradawg, Cradawg or, in Latin, Caratacus, anglicized as Craddock) is a Welsh name borne by several historical and legendary figures, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2921620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921620" title="Sipser–Lautemann theorem">
Sipser–Lautemann theorem

In computational complexity theory, the Sipser–Lautemann theorem or Sipser–Gács–Lautemann theorem states that Bounded-error Probabilistic Polynomial (BPP) time, is contained in the polynomial time hierarchy, and more specifically Σ2 ∩ Π2.
In 1983, Michael Sipser showed that BPP is contained in the polynomial time hierarchy. Péter Gács showed that BPP is actually contained in Σ2 ∩ Π2. Clemens Lautemann contributed by giving a simple proof of BPP’s membership in Σ2 ∩ Π2, also in 1983. It is conjectured that in fact BPP=P, which is a much stronger statement than the Sipser–Lautemann theorem.
Proof.
Here we present the Lautemann's proof, distinguishing the parts that are about containment in polynomial hierarchy and containment in Σ2.
BPP containment in polynomial hierarchy.
This part is what Michael Sipser first proved. Without loss of generality, a machine "M" ∈ BPP with error ≤ 2-|"x"| can be chosen. (All BPP problems can be amplified to reduce the error probability exponentially.) The basic idea of the proof is to define a Σ2 ∩ Π2 sentence that is equivalent to stating that "x" is in the language, "L", defined by "M" by using a set of transforms of the random variable inputs.
Since the output of "M" depends on random input, as well as the input "x", it is useful to define which random strings produce the correct output as "A"("x") = {"r" | "M"("x","r") accepts}. The key to the proof is to note that when "x" ∈ "L", "A"("x") is very large and when "x" ∉ "L", "A"("x") is very small. By using bitwise parity, ⊕, a set of transforms can be defined as "A"("x") ⊕ "t"={"r" ⊕ "t" | "r" ∈ "A"("x")}. The first main lemma of the proof shows that the union of a small finite number of these transforms will contain the entire space of random input strings. Using this fact, a Σ2 sentence and a Π2 sentence can be generated that is true if and only if "x" ∈ "L" (see corollary).
Lemma 1.
The general idea of lemma one is to prove that if "A"("x") covers a large part of the random space formula_1 then there exists a small set of translations that will cover the entire random space. In more mathematical language:
Proof. Randomly pick "t"1, "t"2, ..., "t"|"r"|. Let formula_6 (the union of all transforms of "A"("x")).
So, for all "r" in "R",
The probability that there will exist at least one element in "R" not in "S" is
Therefore
Thus there is a selection for each formula_10 such that
Lemma 2.
The previous lemma shows that "A"("x") can cover every possible point in the space using a small set of translations. Complementary to this, for "x" ∉ "L" only a small fraction of the space is covered by "A"("x"). Therefore the set of random strings causing "M"("x","r") to accept cannot be generated by a small set of vectors "ti".
"R" is the set of all accepting random strings, exclusive-or'd with vectors "ti".
Corollary.
An important corollary of the lemmas shows that the result of the proof can be expressed as a Σ2 expression, as follows.
That is, "x" is in language "L" if and only if there exist |"r"| binary vectors, where for all random bit vectors "r", TM "M" accepts at least one random vector ⊕ "ti".
The above expression is in Σ2 in that it is first existentially then universally quantified. Therefore BPP ⊆ Σ2. Because BPP is closed under complement, this proves BPP ⊆ Σ2 ∩ Π2
BPP containment in Σ2.
This part is Laudemann's contribution to the theorem.
Lemma 3.
Based on the definition of BPP we show the following:
If "L" is in BPP then there is an algorithm "A" such that for every "x",
where "m" is the number of random bits formula_16 and "A" runs in time formula_17.
Proof: Let "A" be a BPP algorithm for "L". For every "x", formula_18. "A" uses "m"("n") random bits where "n" = |"x"|.
Do "k"("n") repetitions of "A" and accept if and only if at least "k"("n")/2 executions of "A" accept. Define this new algorithm as "A". So "A" uses "k"("n")"m"("n") random bits and
We can then find "k"("n") with formula_20 such that
Theorem 1.
Proof: Let "L" be in BPP and "A" as in Lemma 3. We want to show
where "m" is the number of random bits used by "A" on input "x". Given formula_23, then
Thus
Thus formula_26 exists.
Conversely, suppose formula_27. Then
formula_28
Thus
Thus there is a "z" such that formula_30 for all formula_31
Stronger version.
The theorem can be strengthened to formula_32 (see MA, S).

</doc>
<doc id="2921623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921623" title="Mexican Plateau horned lizard">
Mexican Plateau horned lizard

The Mexican Plateau horned lizard (Phrynosoma orbiculare) is a species of heavily spined horned lizard. It is also known as the Chihuahua Desert horned lizard.
The specific epithet, "orbiculare", comes from the Latin adjective "orbicularis", meaning "circular".
Description.
"Phrynosoma orbiculare" has a characteristic single row of lateral abdominal fringe scales. This "horned toad" also has two short occipital horns.
Geographic range.
This species is found only in the high plateau country of central Mexico. Specifically, it is found in the states of Chihuahua, Durango, and Nuevo León. Its range continues southeast through Morelos, Puebla and Veracruz.

</doc>
<doc id="2921626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921626" title="Komnina, Kozani">
Komnina, Kozani

Komnina () is a town in the Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. It was the seat of the municipality of Vermio. As of 2001, it had a population of 1120 permanent residents. The town's altitude is 688 meters (2260 feet) above sea level.
In the square of the village exists a splendid park with the Monument of the Fallen and the Municipal School. 
The vast majority of the population is Pontian. The predominant language of the area is the Pontian language, a dialect of ancient Greek that was spoken in Pontus. Between the 1950s and 1990s about half of the population emigrated abroad, mostly to Germany, Australia, and the United States. 
The name Komnina refers to the residents, who are considered descendants of Emperor Komninos of Trapezounta (Trabzon). Previously, Komnina was referred to as Paleohori in the Byzantine era, before it was destroyed after the conquest of region by the Ottoman Turks. During the Ottoman rule, Komnina was known as Utsena or Üçane, from the Turkish words üç(three) and ane(mother).
Archeological sites.
In the top of the mountain Mavro Pouli is a small cave, called the Crypt of Kara-Ali'. Traces of the walls of two fortresses and settlements exist in the vicinity of Komninos. The first is the hill DELTA and the second is Ovon (Pontian for egg). Their existence is testified to by objects such as shells of vessels, copper coins, the base of a pillar, various marbles from buildings, two rings made of glass, a small cupbearer from Byzantine times and a marble bas-relief, in which is pictured a feminine form with tunic, helmet, spear and shield.

</doc>
<doc id="2921628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921628" title="Sultan Ahmed (cricketer)">
Sultan Ahmed (cricketer)

Sultan Ahmed (born June 18, 1977 in Karachi) is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler. He has made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy, and has also played first-class cricket and List A cricket for Karachi teams.

</doc>
<doc id="2921639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921639" title="K. C. Martel">
K. C. Martel

Kevin Christopher Martel (born September 14, 1967) is a Canadian former child actor. His most prominent film role was as Greg, Elliott's older brother's friend in "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial".He also played Mike's friend Eddie in Growing Pains from 1985-1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2921641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921641" title="Punjab Rights Forum">
Punjab Rights Forum

The Punjab Rights Forum came into existence on June 28, 2005 at a convention held in Ludhiana, Punjab, India, that had been organized by D. S. Gill, Chair of the International Human Rights Organisation (IHRO).
The floating of the Punjab Rights Forum was largely in response to the arrests of dozens of Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) terrorists and BKI sympathizers in Punjab and New Delhi after the apprehension of Jagtar Singh Hawara, the main accused in the bombings of two cinema halls in New Delhi during May 2005. Another cause for the formation of the Punjab Rights Forum was in response to the crackdown on members of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar), including the party's president, Simranjit Singh Mann and activists of the Dal Khalsa following a "Genocide Remembrance Parade" that had been carried out through the streets of Amritsar on June 5 in remembrance of those Sikh civilians and terrorists that had been slain by the Indian army during Operation Blue Star. The rally on June 5, which had drawn an enormous crowd and received widespread media attention across India, culminated at the Akal Takht, where members of the Dal Khalsa and Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar) delivered "inflammatory speeches" calling for an independent Sikh state of Khalistan. Two days after the rally members of the Dal Khalsa and Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar) began courting arrest on charges of sedition.
The formation of the Punjab Rights Forum brought together a number of Punjab-based pro-Khalistan political parties and organizations who were joined by a dozen odd human rights, religious and Kisan (farmers) groups in order to form a loose coalition to campaign on issues of human rights in the state.
Objectives.
The Punjab Rights Forum (PRF), floated by D. S. Gill, Chair of the Ludhiana based International Human Rights Organisation has projected itself as a "third front" to the political dominance of the Congress Party and Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) in the Punjab state. The PRF has also championed itself as a defender of the interests and affairs of the Sikh and Punjabi people against the onslaught of the Indian state, Punjab police and Hindutva ideologues.
Organizational structure.
In order to further the agenda of the Punjab Rights Forum, a seven-member coordinator committee was set up comprising members from some of its constituent members, namely D S Gill, Jagmohan Singh, Karnail Singh Panjoli, Surinderpal Singh, Gurdip Singh Bathinda, Rajinder Singh and Dr. Manjinder Singh Jandi Dal Khalsa. D.S. Gill was selected as the chief coordinator while Justice Ajit Singh Bains was chosen as the convenor of the Punjab Rights Forum.
Activities of the Punjab Rights Forum.
Two major activities of the Punjab Rights Forum upon its inception were to hold a number of seminars across Punjab regarding the detention of over thirty Babbar Khalsa International terrorists and their supporters and for seeking the immediate release of Simranjit Singh Mann, President of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar) and activists of the Dal Khalsa who had all been placed behind bars on charges of sedition following a pro-Khalistan rally that had been carried out through the streets of Amritsar on June 5, 2005 marking the 21st anniversary of Operation Blue Star.
The second major activity of the Punjab Rights Forum, carried out soon after its creation, was the organizing of a Human Rights convention in Jammu on July 30, 2005 where members of the PRF had called for and given support to the Kashmiri peoples' right to self-determination.
The PRF constituent members which had taken part in this convention included the:
Worldwide Day of Protest - January 17, 2006.
On January 17, 2006 constituent members of the Punjab Rights Forum held protest rallies throughout various district headquarters in Punjab demanding the abolition of death penalty and release of Prof Davinderpal Singh Bhullar and all other Sikh political activists. Prominent among the various organizations which took part in these rallies under the Punjab Rights Forum were the Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar), Shiromani Akali Dal (Longowal), Shiromani Akali Dal (1923), Dal Khalsa, Shiromani Khalsa Dal, Sikh Students Federation, Sikh Nari Manch, Shiromani Khalsa Panchayat, International Human Rights Organisation and the Damdami Taksal.
The rallies were held in co-ordination with candlelit vigils occurring on the same day across cities throughout Europe and North America. They were organized largely by the Sikh Federation (UK) in addition to the Canadian Organization of Sikh Students, Khalsa Human Rights, World Sikh Organisation and International Sikh Youth Federation.
The candlelit vigils protested against the use of the death penalty in India and called for the release of Prof. Davinderpal Singh Bhullar and all other Sikh political activists currently detained there.

</doc>
<doc id="2921650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921650" title="Godfrey of Viterbo">
Godfrey of Viterbo

Godfrey of Viterbo (c. 1120 – c. 1196) was a Roman Catholic chronicler, either Italian or German.
Biography.
He was probably an Italian by birth, although some authorities assert that he was a Saxon German like his imperial patrons. He evidently passed some of his early life at Viterbo in Italy, but he was educated at Bamberg, where he was taken by Lothair in 1133, gaining a good knowledge of Latin, possibly preparing for work in governmental service. Following his education, he began working in the Papal Chancellery. In the following years he was active in both governmental and ecclesiastical offices. From an early age he displayed great activity as one of the clergy at the court of Conrad III and later Frederick I, accompanying the latter on many of his campaigns, and frequently fulfilling for him diplomatic missions. About 1140 he became chaplain to the German king, Conrad III; but the greater part of his life was spent as secretary ("notarius") in the service of the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa, who appears to have thoroughly trusted him, and who employed him on many diplomatic errands, traveling extensively throughout Europe, including over forty trips to Rome. Incessantly occupied, he visited Sicily, France, and Spain, in addition to many of the German cities, in the emperor's interests, and was by his side during several of the Italian campaigns. As a reward for his services at court, lands were bestowed on him in fief, probably in 1169, at Viterbo where he also spent his concluding days.
Both before and after Frederick's death in 1190 he enjoyed the favor of his son, the emperor Henry VI. In light of his duties he was familiar with the highest levels of authority in both circles and collected historical material, in his own words, for over forty years as notary and chaplain to the Emperor Frederick.
In the politico-ecclesiastical conflicts of his time -the Conflict of Investiture- he sided with the emperor, without, however, declaring himself inimical to the pope. He blames Pope Alexander's predecessor, Hadrian, for the schism, inasmuch as the latter had allied himself with the Byzantines and Normans against the emperor.
Works.
His works were for the most part composed during his many official journeys.
About 1183 he compiled for the use of schools his "Speculum regum," dedicated to his Staufian imperial patrons, father Frederick and son Henry. Here the title "speculum", 'mirror' is commonly used for works in the genre of "mirrors for princes", texts suitable for the royal dedicatees' education. In this case "regum" meaning 'of kings' indicates the intention, for future rulers. This history of the world beginning with the deluge intended to reconcile the Romans with the Germans.
In his work "Liber universalis" 'universal book', he chronicles world history from the creation to the time of Henry VI. Godfrey's "Memoria seculorum", or "Liber memorialis", a world chronicle dedicated to Henry VI, professes to record the history of the world from the creation until 1185 when it was completed. It is written partly in prose and partly in verse.
The "Memoria seculorum" was very popular during the Middle Ages, and has been continued by several writers. A revision of this work was drawn up by Godfrey himself from 1185 as "Pantheon", or "Universitalis libri qui chronici appellantur", a history of the world which enjoyed an unmerited fame during the Middle Ages. The author borrowed from Otto of Freising, but the earlier part of his chronicle is full of imaginary occurrences. "Pantheon" was first printed in 1559, and extracts from it are published by L. A. Muratori in the "Rerum Italicarum scriptores, tome vii" (Milan, 1725). The author, delighting as he does in fables, has gathered much material for the history of folklore.
A work considered particularly valuable is the "Gesta Friderici I" ("(res) gesta" is Latin for 'deeds', a common title for biographical works), verses relating events in the emperor's career from 1155 to 1180. Concerned mainly with affairs in Italy, the poem tells of the sieges of Milan, of Frederick's flight to Pavia in 1167, of the treaty with Pope Alexander III at Venice, and of other stirring episodes with which the author was intimately acquainted, and many of which he had witnessed. This metrical account of the achievements of Barbarossa, though not free from confusion, contains some valuable information.
Attached to the "Gesta Friderici" is the "Gesta Heinrici VI", a shorter poem which is often attributed to Godfrey, although Wilhelm Wattenbach and other authorities think it was not written by him.
Another minor work is "Denominatio regnorum imperio subiectorum", a 'denomination of kings subject to the empire'.

</doc>
<doc id="2921651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921651" title="George Martinuzzi">
George Martinuzzi

George Martinuzzi, O.S.P. (born Juraj Utješinović), also known as György Martinuzzi, Brother György, Georg Utiessenovicz-Martinuzzi or György Fráter ; 1482 – December 16, 1551), was a Croatian nobleman, Pauline monk and Hungarian statesman who supported King John Zápolya and his son, King John Sigismund Zápolya. He was Bishop of Nagyvárad (Oradea), Archbishop of Esztergom and a cardinal.
Biography.
Martinuzzi was born in Kamičac, Dalmatia, southern Croatia. Since he usually identified himself as ""Frater Georgius"", he is known in Hungarian history as ""Fráter György"" or ""Tux Frate"". Martinuzzi was the son of Grgur Utješinović (), a Croatian nobleman. He was named Juraj Utješinović but used his mother's name, Martinuzzi (a Venetian patrician family). Martinuzzi's sister, Ana, married Bartol Drašković and had three sons (one of whom was Croatian Ban (viceroy) and cardinal Juraj Drašković).
From age seven to twenty, Martinuzzi was attached to the court of John Corvinus. Later entering the service of the Zápolya family, he experienced military life under John Zápolya. Weary of life as a soldier, he entered The Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit and became a monk at age 28.
Martinuzzi's public career began in 1528, when his former patron Zápolya (now King of Hungary) was driven out by his rival, Ferdinand (later Emperor Ferdinand I) and made Martinuzzi his envoy to the Hungarian magnates. Due to Martinuzzi's tact and ability, John regained the throne in 1529 and ""Fráter György"" became his treasurer and chief counselor. In 1534 Martinuzzi became Bishop of Nagyvárad (Oradea), and four years later he concluded the Treaty of Nagyvárad with Ferdinand. This conceded the royal title and most of Hungary to Zápolya, who named Ferdinand his successor. However, Zápolya married and had a son in 1540 (shortly before he died).
John Zápolya named Martinuzzi guardian of his infant son John II Sigismund, who was elected King of Hungary by the Diet (with Martinuzzi as regent). The regent frustrated attempts by dowager queen Isabella Jagiellon to promote Ferdinand; the latter, contending that John II's election violated the treaty, invaded Hungary and an Austrian army reached the walls of Buda in 1541.
Martinuzzi took two drastic steps in response, arresting the queen and appealing to the Ottoman Empire for help. John Zápolya had requested Ottoman aid against Ferdinand; in return Hungary was an Ottoman vassal state, and Martinuzzi asked Ottoman Sultan Suleiman to defend his vassal against attack. An Ottoman army repulsed the Austrians.
On 28 August 1541 Martinuzzi, the queen and the infant king went to the Ottoman camp, where he paid homage to the sultan as regent. During their absence the Ottoman Grand Vizier seized Buda by subterfuge, and Martinuzzi realized the need for accords with Austria and the Ottoman Empire. This led to the 29 December 1541 Treaty of Gyalu, in which Ferdinand received western Hungary; Transylvania (an independent principality under Ottoman suzerainty) reverted to John Sigismund. The Transylvanian region included many Hungarian counties on both sides of the Theiss and the city of Kassa (Košice). Martinuzzi's policy was to keep Transylvania neutral (and intact) by cultivating amicable relations with Austria without offending the Ottomans. Although this was difficult, it succeeded for a time.
In 1545, encouraged by Ferdinand's growing unpopularity (due to his inability to defend Hungary against the Turks), Martinuzzi wanted to unite Austrian Hungary and Transylvania to ensure John Sigismund's election as king. Realizing that this was impossible, he aimed at an alliance with Ferdinand on terms of relative equality (a policy he followed until his death).
In 1550 Queen Isabella (who opposed Martinuzzi) complained about him to the Sultan, who ordered that Martinuzzi or his head be sent to Constantinople. A coalition formed against Martinuzzi composed of the queen, the hospodars of Moldavia and Wallachia and the Turks. The regent imprisoned the queen in Alba Iulia, drove the hospodars out of Transylvania and defeated the Turks at Deva. He compelled Isabella to accept terms with Ferdinand advantageous to her family and Transylvania, and placated the sultan with flattery and gifts. This agreement was confirmed by the diet of Kolozsvár (Cluj Napoca) in August 1551; Martinuzzi remained governor of Transylvania, and was ordained Archbishop of Esztergom. On 12 October 1551 Pope Julius III named him a cardinal, with permission to wear the habit of his order instead of a cardinal's robes.
Although Hungary was again reunited, Ferdinand's inability to defend it against the Ottomans forced Martinuzzi to resume the payment of tribute to the sultan in December 1551. However, the Ottomans no longer trusted a diplomat whose behavior they could not understand and Ferdinand suspected him of wanting to secure Hungary for himself.
When the Ottomans seized Csanád (Cenad) in 1551, Martinuzzi and imperial generals Giambattista Castaldo and Sforza-Pallavicini joined forces against a common foe. However, when Martinuzzi tried to mediate privately between the Ottomans and the Hungarians, Castaldo accused him of treason to Ferdinand and was given permission to kill him if needed. Martinuzzi's secretary, Marco Aurelio Ferrari, was the hired assassin. On 16 December 1551, at the castle of Alvinc (now Vințu de Jos, Romania), Ferrari stabbed Martinuzzi from behind while he was reading a letter. The cardinal (age 68) fought for his life, and was only killed with the aid of Pallavicini and a band of bravi. Ferdinand accepted responsibility of the murder, and the pope excommunicated him and his generals. After receiving an 87-article accusation of Martinuzzi for treason and hearing testimony from 116 witnesses, the pope exonerated Ferdinand and lifted the excommunications in 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="2921658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921658" title="River Rye (Ireland)">
River Rye (Ireland)

The River Rye (Rye Water) is a tributary of the River Liffey. It rises in County Kildare, flowing south-east for 12 miles. Although the river has been drained it is generally fast flowing over a stoney bottom. The Rye's major tributary is the Lyreen.
Route.
The Rye runs north of Kilcock and Maynooth. Maynooth Castle is built between the Lyreen and another smaller tributary of the Rye. The Lyreen and Rye meet to the east of Maynooth and flow on through the estate of Carton House. In the estate, the river was widened to form an ornamental lake within the Georgian parklands, further enhanced by an ornamental bridge and boathouse. 
The river then flows behind Intel Ireland where Intel have been monitoring the water quality since 1989. 
Near Louisa Bridge in Leixlip the waters from the Leixlip Spa flow into Rye River. The Rye then flows under the Royal Canal, which is carried in the Leixlip aqueduct almost 100 feet (30m) above. The aqueduct is in fact an earth embankment, which took six years to build in the 1790s. 
The Rye then descends into the heart of Leixlip. Here the river was harnessed by mills. In 1758, the site was used as a linen printing mill. Later the Rye Vale distillery was built, producing more than 20,000 gallons of whiskey annually in 1837. The distillery finally closed for good in the 1890s and the distillery has since been converted into apartments. The Rye then flows under the Rye Bridge to the confluence with the Liffey near the existing Boat House in Leixlip demesne.
Fishing.
The river has stocks of brown trout and pike. Angling is available at the Lyreen Angling centre, Leixlip and District Angling Association and Carton House

</doc>
<doc id="2921659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921659" title="Umbozero (airport)">
Umbozero (airport)

Umbozero (also Umba) is an air base in Murmansk Oblast, Russia located 3 km north of Umbozero. It is located 165 km southeast of Murmansk. This airfield contains 20 revetments for combat aircraft with no tarmac space.

</doc>
<doc id="2921669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921669" title="Mars (oil platform)">
Mars (oil platform)

Mars is a permanent offshore drilling and production tension-leg oil platform (TLP) operating in Mississippi Canyon blocks 762, 763, 806, 807, 850 and 851 in the Gulf of Mexico and was approved by the MMS in December 1992 with production beginning on July 8, 1996. The leases were acquired by Shell in 1985 and 1988. The platform is a joint venture between Shell Oil Company and BP, with Shell owning the majority share and operating the facility.
Mars is positioned in a water depth of 896 m (2940 ft) and is designed to produce of oil and of gas a day.
Development and production.
In October 1993, Shell announced plans to develop Mars utilizing an in-house designed and engineered TLP. The TLP was installed three years later in May at a water depth of 2,940 feet, making it the deepest TLP at the time as measured from its base on the seabed to the top of its tower. The Magnolia Tension-leg Platform has since surpassed the record set by Mars.
Ten of the TLP development wells were predrilled beginning in the fourth quarter of 1993 with the remaining wells drilled with a contract rig installed on the TLP after fhe facility was constructed and in position.
The oil produced is transported 116 miles via an 18/24-inch diameter pipeline to the Clovelly, LA area, and the gas is transported 55 miles via a 14-inch pipeline to West Delta 143. Both pipelines were installed as part of the Mars development.
Hurricane Katrina.
In 2005, Mars was damaged when Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf of Mexico but returned to production ahead of schedule in May 2006 and was producing slightly above its pre-Katrina rates in July 2006. 
Among the first-ever accomplishments were, most notably, the lift of the 1,000 ton damaged rig substructure, the repairs to both of the Mars product export pipelines in 2,000 feet of water and the mooring of the Safe Scandinavia in 3,000 foot water depth.
The Mars recovery project encompassed more than one million man-hours without a recordable injury.

</doc>
<doc id="2921670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921670" title="Tariq Hussain">
Tariq Hussain

Syed Tariq Hussain اردو: طارق حسین, born 23 April 1976 in Karachi, is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and left-arm slow bowler. He made several appearances as a batsman for Oman national cricket team in the 2005 ICC Trophy. Up to 1996, he played first-class and List A cricket for Karachi Blues and for Pakistan National Shipping Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="2921674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921674" title="Tod Frye">
Tod Frye

Tod R. Frye is a computer programmer once employed by Atari, and is most notable for being charged with the home adaptation of "Pac-Man" for the Atari 2600 video computer system. "Pac-Man" proved to be a stunning financial coup for Atari, who secured the exclusive Namco home license. The title drew criticism, however; players complained that although the design passively resembled its arcade counterpart, it lacked in both quality control and craftsmanship. The game sold many units, making a huge a profit for Atari, but many detractors consider that the quality of the port was one of the factors responsible for triggering the North American video game crash of 1983.
Unprecedented success.
The "Pac-Man" port was started in May 1981, and was the most anticipated release for 1982, so marketing pressed Frye to produce the game on a very strict timetable (in the early 1980s lead times on the cartridge ROMs was several months, so the code needed to be completed in September 1981 to get the product into stores in Q1 1982). Atari corporate management demanded Frye complete the game in the standard 4K ROM, despite his repeated requests that 8K of ROM be allocated.
Frye reportedly received $0.10 in royalties per "Pac-Man" cartridge. Atari would manufacture 12 million cartridges, making Frye a millionaire in the process.
Public discontent.
One Atari employee decided to write "Why Frye?" on the Pac-Man machine contained in Atari's in-office arcade room. In response, Frye drew a horizontal line over the "Why", as if to say "Why not Frye" in logic notation.
Notable contributions.
Frye contributed to the LCD "Breakout" Atari handheld, "Asteroids" (Atari 400/800), the Swordquest series "Earthworld", "Fireworld", "Waterworld", and "Airworld" (uncompleted). 
Unreleased titles include "Save Mary" and "Shooting Arcade", and "Xevious" (Atari 2600) .
Frye also developed the Red-vs-Blue kernel vertical sprite re-use technology used in "RealSports Football" and several other Atari 2600 products.
After parting ways with Atari, Frye later worked for Axlon (one of the many companies founded by Atari Pioneer Nolan Bushnell) and was hired as a programmer alongside fellow Atari employees Rob Zydbel, Bob Smith, and Howard Scott Warshaw at The 3DO Company. Frye remains active in video games, making technical contributions to classic compilations such as "Midway Arcade Treasures".

</doc>
<doc id="2921675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921675" title="Michael D. Morley">
Michael D. Morley

Michael Darwin Morley (born 1930) is an American mathematician, currently professor emeritus at Cornell University.
His research is in advanced mathematical logic and model theory, and he is best known for Morley's categoricity theorem, which he proved in his Ph.D. thesis "Categoricity in Power" in 1962. 
His formal Ph.D. advisor was Saunders MacLane at the University of Chicago, but he actually finished his thesis under the guidance of Robert Vaught at the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="2921676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921676" title="Zablon Simintov">
Zablon Simintov

Zablon Simintov (born 1959 in Turkmenistan) is an Afghan carpet trader and restaurateur who is believed to be the last remaining Jew in Afghanistan. He is also the caretaker of the only synagogue in Kabul. His name has also been transcribed in English as Zebulon Simentov, Zabolon Simentov and Zabolon Simantov.
Afghan Jewish conflict.
Simintov had lived with the second last remaining Jewish man in Afghanistan, Ishaq Levin, who died on January 26, 2005, aged around 80. The story of Simintov and Levin was the basis for a British play. Simintov deprecated Levin in an interview with British journalist Martin Fletcher. Levin had initially welcomed Simintov but the two fell out permanently when Simintov offered the caretaker help to emigrate to Israel to join the rest of the former Kabul Jewish community. Simintov is adamant that he made the suggestion only as he thought Kabul was too cold for the old man, but the older man took umbrage, thinking that Simintov was trying to take over the synagogue. A feud ensued, with the Taliban becoming involved after both men reported each other to the authorities for alleged wrongdoings ranging from running a brothel to misappropriating religious objects.
Life in Afghanistan.
Simintov says it is not easy to practice his religion alone. However, he has obtained special permission from the nearest rabbi, in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, to slaughter his own meat in line with "kosher" dietary laws that can normally only be done by a specially trained Jewish butcher. Simintov lives alone in a small room next to an old synagogue on Flower Street in Kabul and receives donations from Jewish groups abroad and sympathetic Muslim locals. His wife and two daughters live in Israel. When asked during an interview whether he would emigrate to Israel, Simintov 
retorted, "Go to Israel? What business do I have there? Why should I leave?" In a video interview by "Al Jazeera" on 17 September 2007, Simentov suggested he may be interested in moving to Israel to join his two daughters.
He says that he receives special kosher for Passover packages from Afghan Jews living in New York. Sometimes, he says, Jewish foreigners visit his home for the high holidays. Simintov has also been quoted as saying: "I don't want my Jewish heritage erased. My father was a rabbi, my grandfather was a rabbi. We were a big, religious family..." However he wears his "yarmulke" only in private and is hesitant to take visitors inside the synagogue he calls home.
The business owners on Flower Street, where he lives, call him "Zabolon the Jew." They say they don't know him well but greet him when he passes by. In November 2013 Simintov announced that he would close his restaurant in March 2014 due to a decline in business, specifically there has been a fall in both the numbers of people eating out in Kabul and hotel catering orders.

</doc>
<doc id="2921680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921680" title="Controversies regarding the role of the Emperor of Japan">
Controversies regarding the role of the Emperor of Japan

There have been several controversies regarding the role and the status of the Emperor of Japan. This is due in part to the variety of roles the Emperor has historically filled, as well as the competition for power with other parts of Japanese society at several points in history.
Meiji Constitution.
In the Meiji Constitution of 1889, the emperor was sovereign and was the focus of the state's legitimacy. The preamble stated, "The rights of sovereignty of the State, We have inherited from Our Ancestors, and We shall bequeath them to Our descendants." In the postwar constitution, the emperor's role in the political system was drastically redefined. A prior and important step in this process was Emperor Hirohito's 1946 New Year's speech, made at the prompting of General Douglas MacArthur, renouncing his status as a divine ruler, without however repudiating that he was a descendant of Amaterasu as arahitogami. Hirohito declared that relations between the ruler and his people cannot be based on "the false conception that the emperor is divinity in human form ("akitsumikami") or that the Japanese people are superior to other races."
In the first article of the new constitution, the newly "humanized" ruler is described as "the symbol of the State and of the unity of the people, deriving his position from the will of the people with whom resides sovereign power." The authority of the emperor as sovereign in the 1889 constitution was broad and undefined. His functions under the postwar system are narrow, specific, and largely ceremonial, confined to such activities as convening the Diet, bestowing decorations on deserving citizens, and receiving foreign ambassadors (Article 7). He does not possess "powers related to government" (Article 4). The change in the emperor's status was designed to preclude the possibility of military or bureaucratic cliques exercising broad and irresponsible powers "in the emperor's name"—a prominent feature of 1930s extremism. The constitution defines the Diet as the "highest organ of state power" (Article 41), accountable not to the monarch but to the people who elected its members.
Shōchō.
The use of the Japanese word shōchō (象徴), meaning symbol, to describe the emperor is unusual and, depending upon one's viewpoint, conveniently or frustratingly vague. The emperor is neither head of state nor sovereign, as are many European constitutional monarchs, although in October 1988 Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs claimed, controversially, that the emperor is the country's sovereign in the context of its external relations. Nor does the emperor have an official priestly or religious role. Although he continues to perform ancient Shinto rituals, such as ceremonial planting of the rice crop in spring, he does so in a private capacity.
Early Shōwa era.
During the first part of the Showa era, according to the Meiji Constitution, the Emperor had the "supreme command of the Army and the Navy" (Article 11). Hirohito was thus legally supreme commander of the Imperial General Headquarters, expanded in 1937 and by which the military decisions were made. 
The primary sources such as the "Sugiyama memo", and the diaries of Fumimaro Konoe and Koichi Kido, describe in detail the many informal meetings the Emperor had with his chiefs of staff and ministers. These documents show that he was kept informed of all military operations and frequently questioned his senior staff and asked for changes. 
According to historians Yoshiaki Yoshimi and Seiya Matsuno, Hirohito authorized by specific orders, transmitted by the Chief of staff of the Army such as prince Kan'in or Hajime Sugiyama, the use of chemical weapons against Chinese civilians and soldiers. For example, he authorized the use of toxic gas on 375 separate occasions during the invasion of Wuhan in 1938. Such weapons were also authorized during the invasion of Changde. 
According to historians Akira Fujiwara and Akira Yamada, Hirohito even made major interventions in some military operations. For example, he pressed Sugiyama four times, on January and February 1942, to increase troop strength and launch attack on Bataan. On August 1943, he scolded Sugiyama who could not stop the American advance on the Solomon Islands and asked him to consider other places to attack. 
Most of the imperial interventions were made by direct orders such as the crushing of the rebellion during the February 26 Incident. Only in rare moments of special importance, decisions were made in Imperial council. The Imperial government used this special institution to sanction the invasion of China, the Greater East Asia War and to end the war. In 1945, executing the decision approved in Imperial conference, Emperor Showa for the first and last time directly ordered via recorded radio broadcast to all of Japan, as his last role as commander-in-chief, the surrender to United States forces.
Imperial Household Law and Constitutional Law.
Laws relating to the imperial house must be approved by the Diet. Under the old system, the Imperial Household Law was separate from and equal with the constitution. After the war, the imperial family's extensive estates were confiscated and its finances placed under control of the Imperial Household Agency, part of the Office of the Prime Minister and theoretically subject to the Diet. In practice it remains a bastion of conservatism, its officials shrouding the activities of the emperor and his family behind a "chrysanthemum curtain" (the chrysanthemum being the crest of the imperial house) to maintain an aura of sanctity. Despite knowledge of his illness among the press corps and other observers, details about the late Emperor Hirohito's state of health in 1988 and 1989 were tightly controlled.
The emperor's constitutional status became a focus of renewed public attention following news of Hirohito's serious illness in late 1988. Crown Prince Akihito became the first person to ascend the throne under the postwar system. One important symbolic issue was the choice of a new reign title under the "nengo" system which enumerates years beginning with the first year of a monarch's reign. Thus 1988 was Showa 63, the sixty-third year of the reign of Hirohito, the Showa Emperor. The accession of a new monarch is marked by the naming of a new era that consists of two auspicious Chinese characters. Showa (昭和), for example, means bright harmony. Critics deplored the secrecy with which such titles were chosen in the past, the decision being left to a government-appointed committee of experts, and advocated public discussion of the choice as a reflection of Japan's democratic values. Although the gengo system was accorded official status by a bill the Diet passed in June 1979, some favored the system's abandonment altogether in favor of the Western calendar. But on January 7, 1989, the day of Hirohito's death, the government announced that Heisei (平成, Achieving Peace) was the new era name. The first year of Heisei thus was 1989, and all official documents were so dated.
Still more controversial were the ceremonies held in connection with the late emperor's funeral and the new emperor's accession. State support of these activities would have violated Article 20 of the constitution on the separation of state and religious activities. Rightists, such as members of the Society to Protect Japan (Nihon o Mamoru Kai), a nationwide lobbying group, demanded full public support of the ceremonies as expression of the people's love for their monarch. Walking a tightrope between proconstitution and rightist groups, the government chose to divide Hirohito's state funeral, held February 24, 1989, into official and religious components. Akihito's accession to the throne in November 1990 also had religious (Shinto) and secular components: the "Sokuino rei" (即位の礼), or Enthronement Ceremony, was secular; the "Daijōsai" (大嘗祭), or Great Thanksgiving Festival, traditionally, a communion between the new monarch and the gods in which the monarch himself became a deity, was religious. The government's decision to use public funds not only for the Sokui-no-rei but also for the Daijosai, justified in terms of the "public nature" of both ceremonies, was seen by religious and opposition groups as a serious violation of Article 20.
In the early 1990s, an array of such symbolic political issues brought attention to the state's role in religious or quasireligious activities. Defenders of the constitution, including Japanese Christians, followers of new religions, leftists, and many members of the political opposition, considered any government involvement in religious aspects of the enthronement to be a conservative attempt to undermine the spirit, if not the letter, of the constitution. They also strongly criticized the 1989 Ministry of Education, Science, and Culture's controversial directive, which called for the playing of the prewar national anthem ("Kimigayo," or "The Sovereign's Reign") and display of the rising sun flag (Hinomaru, the use of which dates to the early nineteenth century) at public school ceremonies. Although since the late 1950s these activities had been described by the ministry as "desirable," neither had legal status under the postwar constitution.
Another issue was state support for the Yasukuni Shrine. This shrine, located in Tokyo near the Imperial Palace, was established during the Meiji era as a repository for the souls of soldiers and sailors who died in battle, thus a holy place rather than simply a war memorial. Conservatives introduced bills five times during the 1970s to make it a "national establishment," but none was adopted. On the fortieth anniversary of the end of World War II in Japan, on August 15, 1985, Prime Minister Nakasone Yasuhiro and members of his cabinet visited the shrine in an official capacity, an action viewed as a renewed conservative effort, outside the Diet, to invest the shrine with official status.
Despite the veneer of Westernization and Article 20's prohibition of state support of the emperor's religious or ceremonial activities, his postwar role was in some ways more like that of traditional rather than prewar emperors. Contrary to early Shōwa era (1926–45), during the Meiji (1868-1912), Taishō (1912–26), the emperor himself was not actively involved in politics. His political authority, however, was immense, and military and bureaucratic elites acted in his name. The "symbolic" role of the emperor after 1945, however, recalled feudal Japan, where political power was monopolized and exercised by the shoguns, and where the imperial court carried on a leisurely, apolitical existence in the traditional capital of Kyoto and served as patrons of culture and the arts.
In 2007, a member of the Imperial Family, Prince Tomohito said of the Royals' role, "If you ask me what the imperial family is all about, and I think and think and think about it, the very final conclusion is that our meaning lies in our simply existing," the prince said. The royals, he said, could fulfill their duties simply by "waking up in the morning, eating breakfast, eating lunch, eating dinner, then going to sleep, repeating that 365 days a year." 

</doc>
<doc id="2921681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921681" title="Institute of Children's Literature">
Institute of Children's Literature

The Institute of Children's Literature is an institute founded in 1969 that offers a course titled "Writing for Children and Teenagers". Completing the course is worth six college credits, which can be obtained from Charter Oak State College. Courses are also available for writers who want to author short stories and articles.
The institute is located in West Redding, Connecticut.
The Institute's instruction is strictly by correspondence. Each student is assigned to a staff "editor", who will read and critique each writing assignment. Students learn by completed assignments of their choice in fiction and non-fiction genres. Editors usually have wide experience as published writers in the children's market. The written critiques are customized for the student's particular work and usually are not just form letters or "how to" replies.
The institute also includes some training in how to market manuscripts. Naturally, no course, including this one, guarantees success or publication and the institute does not make such a representation.
The student who will most benefit from a course at the Institute of Children's Literature is probably one who: has a general grasp of grammar and basic writing technique, is self-motivated, willing to work, and has time to dedicate - both to the course and then to seeking out markets for their material.
The Institute of Children's Literature does not market manuscripts or represent the writer to any publisher or literary agent.

</doc>
<doc id="2921684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921684" title="Farhan Khan">
Farhan Khan

Farhan Afzal Khan, born 19 October 1975 in Multan, is a Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler. He made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy and has appeared in other List A cricket matches for the Oman national cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="2921691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921691" title="Niclosamide">
Niclosamide

Niclosamide (trade name Niclocide) is a teniacide ("tenia-" referring to tapeworm) in the anthelmintic family especially effective against cestodes that infect humans. It is also used as a piscicide. It is stressed that while antihelmintics are a drug family used to treat worm infections, Niclosamide is used specifically to treat tapeworms and is not effective against other worms such as pinworms or roundworms. It is a chewable tablet taken orally, dosage depending on type of worm and patient's age and/or weight. Niclosamide molecules are lethal to tapeworms upon contact. 
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
Side effects.
The medication can have side effects such as abdominal pain, anorexia, diarrhea, and emesis. Rarely, dizziness, skin rash, drowsiness, perianal itching, and an unpleasant taste.
Mechanism of action.
According to an article in Nature, niclosamide uncouples oxidative phosphorylation in the tapeworm.

</doc>
<doc id="2921704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921704" title="Alcons">
Alcons

Alcons means "Percentage Articulation Loss of Consonants" = %ALcons. This machine measure of intelligibility is closely associated with the TEF sound analyzer. It is computed from measurements of the Direct-to-Reverberant Ratio and the Early Decay Time using a set of correlations defined by SynAudCon, and is specified in percent. See also Intelligibility (communication).
Consonants play a much more significant role in speech intelligibility than vowels. If the consonants are heard clearly, the speech can be understood more easily.
Since %ALcons expresses loss of consonant definition, lower values are associated with greater intelligibility. It is generally assumed that the maximum allowable value for typical paging applications is 10%, assuming that the environment is relatively free of masking noise. For learning environments and voice warning systems, the desired value is 5% or less.
Alcons is the measured percentage of Articulation Loss of Consonants by a listener. % Alcons of 0 indicates perfect clarity and intelligibility with no loss of consonant understanding, while 10% and beyond is growing toward bad intelligibility, and 15% typically is the maximum loss acceptable.
The %Alcons method is widely used by acoustical consultants (particularly in the United States), but it has significant drawbacks. First, it is based on measurements in a single one-third octave band centered on 2 kHz; all other frequencies are ignored, so the system’s frequency response must be verified in some other way for the %Alcons score to be meaningful.
Moreover, the method does not account for many factors that can dramatically affect intelligibility, including signal-to-noise ratio, the background noise spectrum, distortion, late reflections or echoes, system frequency response, compression, non-linear phase, equalization and acoustic power. %Alcons measurements of sound systems therefore often yield overly optimistic scores. Where reverberation or strong, late-arriving reflections are the primary problem, however, they can sometimes be more useful and accurate than RASTI.

</doc>
<doc id="2921706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921706" title="Tom Marshall">
Tom Marshall

Tom Marshall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921712" title="Irene Dalby">
Irene Dalby

Irene Karine Dalby (born 31 May 1971 in Stange, Hedmark) is a former international swimmer from Norway, who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. She is a three-time Olympian for her native country.
Personal bests.
When Dalby retired as swimmer she sat this personal bests in short course:

</doc>
<doc id="2921717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921717" title="Wrestling at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Wrestling at the 1996 Summer Olympics

At the 1996 Summer Olympics, 2 different wrestling disciplines were contested: freestyle wrestling and Greco-Roman wrestling. 
Participating nations.
A total of 401 wrestlers from 75 nations competed at the Atlanta Games:

</doc>
<doc id="2921719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921719" title="Alexis">
Alexis

Alexis can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921724" title="The Journal of Medical Practice Management">
The Journal of Medical Practice Management

The Journal of Medical Practice Management is a medical journal published by Greenbranch Publishing. It is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE, BIOSIS, Embase/Excerpta Medica, and Hospital Literature Index. The journal was established in 1984 and is published by Greenbranch Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="2921732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921732" title="Moog Liberation">
Moog Liberation

The Moog Liberation was the first commercially produced keytar synthesizer released in 1980 by Moog Music. The instrument is comparable to the Moog Concertmate MG-1 and the Moog Rogue but it is most closely related to the Moog Prodigy; however, as a keytar the Liberation was designed to be played in the same posture as one would play a guitar.
The Liberation featured two monophonic voltage-controlled oscillators and a polyphonic section that could play organ sounds. Both oscillators could be set to triangle, sawtooth, or square waveforms and switched over a 3-octave range. The keyboard was aftertouch-sensitive and on its neck featured spring-loaded wheels for filter cutoff, modulation, and volume as well as a ribbon-controlled pitch bend. The Liberation had a single voltage-controlled filter and 2 ADS envelope generators. A 40-foot cable connected the Liberation to its rackmounted half which housed the power supply and CV/Gate output sockets.
Jean Michel Jarre plays a Liberation on his recent DVD release of "", and it also appears in the bonus section with Jarre describing the instruments.
The Human League used the Liberation during the songs Empire State Human, Being Boiled and Circus Of Death at the Wickerman Festival in July 2009.
Other bands include: Didier Marouani of Space, Tom Coster of Santana, Tommy Cyborg of Chrome, Devo, Damon Edge of Chrome, Roy Goudie, Herbie Hancock, Joy Electric, Mark Jenkins, Bryce Kushnier of The Fancy Few, Ascites, Abuse Tactics, Light of the World, John Malloy, The Moog Cookbook, Danny Peyronel of British band UFO, Saga, Tom Schuman, Six Finger Satellite, Stereolab, Spiral-Shaped Mind, Page McConnell of Phish, Jakobínarína, Saga
The Moog Liberation was also used as a prop in the How I Met Your Mother episode "Glitter." 

</doc>
<doc id="2921744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921744" title="Cardinal Newman Society">
Cardinal Newman Society

The Cardinal Newman Society is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt, nonprofit organization founded in 1993, in the United States of America, and dedicated to promoting and defending faithful Catholic education. The organization is guided by Cardinal John Henry Newman's "The Idea of a University" and Pope John Paul II's 1990 Apostolic Constitution, Ex Corde Ecclesiae. The organization claims a membership of more than 20,000.
The society claims as part of its mission: to--
It should not be confused with the Oxford University Newman Society, the Society for the Study of Cardinal Newman, or the Newman Centre, the name often used to designate Catholic campus ministry centers at state and other non-Catholic universities.
The society's board of directors includes Media Research Center founder L. Brent Bozell III and National Review Online editor-at-large Kathryn Jean Lopez.
Founding.
The society was founded in 1993 by Fordham University alumnus Patrick Reilly. After decisions by Fordham to recognize pro-choice and gay student clubs and create a counseling helpline which referred pregnant students to an abortion provider, Reilly used his position as editor of the school paper to express his opinions in defense of his understandings and applications of Catholic teaching on sexuality and abortion. Reilly launched the society with the help of other recent Catholic college graduates. The society's leadership included prominent conservative commentator L. Brent Bozell III. It was Bozell, founder and president of the conservative media-watchdog group Media Research Center, who suggested use of direct mail marketing to invigorate the organization at a time when it existed "primarily as letterhead."
According to Reilly, “It took a while, but there was such a need, more and more, to engage students and working with alumni and working with faculty and as we went on, it became clear that they were all looking for some kind of national voice to express the concerns that very many faithful Catholics had about the state of Catholic education.” 
One prominent supporter of the group is Fr. Benedict Groeschel, who wrote the forward to their "Newman Guide" and has spoken publicly in support of a stronger presence of Christians opposed to abortion rights on Catholic campuses, famously quipping that some secular colleges provide a better Catholic formation than their purported Catholic counterparts. Another supporter of the group is Fr. Joseph Koterski, a Jesuit at Fordham who is on record as having told Fordham students that he "couldn't see how Catholic could for Barack Obama in good conscience after knowing the facts his support for abortion rights and other positions opposed by the Catholic Church."
Activities.
The society sponsors conferences and speakers as well as producing "Campus Notes" and "The Renewal Report", the society's newsletters. Its website indicates an emphasis on "researching activities both on campus and in the classroom;" the research leads to numerous press releases publicizing scandals in Catholic higher education, particularly what it regards as departures from orthodoxy or tolerance of ideas, activities and presentations it considers not in keeping with Roman Catholic teaching. The organization also produces The Newman Guide to Choosing a Catholic College: What to Look For and Where to Find It claiming "to show students where they can learn and grow in a genuine Catholic environment without the nonsense that has overtaken even some of the most well-known Catholic universities." They identify 26 Catholic colleges and universities in the United States, abroad, and online where, in their view, "students can reasonably expect a faithful Catholic education and a campus culture that generally upholds the values taught in their homes and parishes." 
The organization partners with conservative groups like The Heritage Foundation to sponsor such events as their joint forum on academic freedom. It has a large presence on the Web, issuing "Catholic Higher Education Alerts" to publicize not only what it considers scandalous programming at universities, but in opposition to the ACLU, judges it deems activist or with whom it disagrees, and what it perceives as "liberal bias" more generally. 
The organization has stated that "a Catholic bishop contacted Patrick Reilly to discuss how he could put the screws to a wayward Catholic college in his diocese, including ways of encouraging the removal of dissident theology faculty;" Reilly declined to identify the bishop, citing confidentiality. 
Speakers.
The Society monitors speakers at Catholic universities, and provides a mechanism for online reporting of what it believes to be scandalous commencement speakers and honorees they believe to "have taken public positions contrary to Catholic values or teaching." In 2009, the Society was one of the primary organizations that criticized the University of Notre Dame for inviting President Barack Obama to receive an honorary doctorate of law and deliver the commencement speech due to his pro-choice position and record in support of abortion. The society garnered more than 367,000 signatures to its online petition of protest.
The organization also deplored a commencement address given at Notre Dame de Namur University, by Sr. Helen Prejean, a nun opposed to capital punishment and author of "Dead Man Walking", claiming the Josephite nun "is out-of-line with church teaching on, of all issues, capital punishment." The organization faulted Prejean's critique of a "loophole" in the Church's teaching which permits capital punishment under limited circumstances.
In the spring of 2012, the Cardinal Newman Society listed 12 Catholic universities whose commencement speakers were considered objectionable because of their support for abortion or gay rights. Among the speakers was Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services, who was invited to speak at Georgetown University. The Society presented a 26,000-signature petition that called the choice of Sebelius "insulting to faithful Catholics and their bishops who are engaged in the fight for religious liberty and against abortion." (Sebelius supports abortion rights and has upheld the mandate in the national health care plan requiring all institutions to provide birth control coverage.) The Archdiocese of Washington sent a letter of rebuke to Georgetown's president on the matter.
Criticism.
The organization is often at the center of controversy, as for example when it solicited donations to "finance a major effort to expose the heretics within our Catholic colleges," an effort which was called "red-baiting in ecclesiastical garb" by the Rev. John Beal, canon law professor at The Catholic University of America. It has been criticized for "McCarthyite tactics" and a "fundamentalist agenda." 
Charles L. Currie, president of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities said that the society's "attacks can no longer go unchallenged," and characterized their work as "a long trail of distorted, inaccurate, and often untrue attacks on scholars addressing complex issues." Michael James, vice president of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities, said the society is "destructive and antithetical to a spirit of unity in our commitment to serve society and the church." Reilly has been referred to in Catholic publications as the "self-appointed ayatollah to Catholic academia in this country."
Rev. James Keenan, a priest and professor at Boston College who was targeted in a fundraising letter sent out by the society, said "Hopefully, someday our bishops will call us to end this awful conduct, which hurts not only those of us targeted, but more importantly, the unity of the church itself." Another of the targets, Fr. John J. Paris, said of Reilly "I think he is a fraud, a charlatan, and a snake-oil salesman" and of the Society, that its purpose is "whipping up right-wing types to open their checkbooks."

</doc>
<doc id="2921746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921746" title="Slow Man">
Slow Man

Slow Man is a 2005 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee, and concerns a man who must learn to adapt after losing a leg in a road accident. The novel has many varied themes, including the nature of care, the relationship between an author and his characters, and man's drive to leave a legacy. It was Coetzee's first novel since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2003.
Plot summary.
Paul Rayment, a man of late middle-age, loses part of a leg after his bicycle is hit by a car driven by a reckless young man. He becomes reclusive and retreats to his flat where he is cared for by a succession of nurses. None suit him until Marijana, with whom he shares a European childhood (hers in Croatia, his in France), comes along. Paul's feelings for Marijana, and for her teenage son Drago, become more complex. When Paul offers to finance Drago's education, Marijana's husband becomes suspicious of Paul's relationship with Marijana, which causes trouble in their family and culminates in Drago fighting with his father and moving in with Paul.
It is not until the famed author Elizabeth Costello shows up unexpectedly and uninvited at Paul's doorstep that he confronts his feelings for Marijana and his resentment at the state of his life following his bicycle accident. Costello's sudden presence in his life confounds Paul, who believes she is merely using him as a character in her next novel.
The book can be read as a metafictional discourse on the inter-relationship between the literary author and the characters, and with reality.
"Slow Man", the opera.
An operatic adaption of "Slow Man" by the composer Nicholas Lens, in close co-operation with Coetzee who wrote the libretto, had its world premiere on 5 July 2012 by the Malta Festival 2012 in Poznań, with the Opera Poznań Grand Theatre Wielki.

</doc>
<doc id="2921747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921747" title="Parameshwara">
Parameshwara

Parameshwara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921751" title="Poker Game">
Poker Game

Poker game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921755" title="Jericho, Oxford">
Jericho, Oxford

Jericho is a historic suburb of the English city of Oxford. It consists of the streets bounded by the Oxford Canal, Worcester College, Walton Street and Walton Well Road. Located outside the old city wall, it was originally a place for travellers to rest if they had reached the city after the gates had closed. The name Jericho may have been adopted to signify this 'remote place' outside the wall.
History.
Many reports from the 1870s suggest that early homes in Jericho were built with very poor drainage. Low-lying land and lack of basic drainage in these homes would result in flooding. Flooding and open sewers, contributed to by the many, often overcrowded, residences resulted in deaths from diseases such as typhoid and diarrhoea, with five out of eleven typhoid deaths in 1873 originating from Jericho.
In the 1950s, Jericho was briefly a red light area, and in the early 1960s there were plans to demolish it and replace it with light industrial units and new housing. However, many people objected and campaigned to save this historic area, rallied by local city councillor Olive Gibbs and the Jericho Residents Association. As a result the plans were changed. Although the houses beyond repair were demolished many were upgraded in the late 1960s and early 1970s with the help of council grants. This encouraged many young professionals and families to move in and subsequently Jericho became one of Oxford's most sought-after areas.
Community.
Jericho retains a strong community spirit. The Jericho Community Association runs the Jericho Community Centre in Canal Street, maintains the community website, Jericho Online, publishes the local newspaper the "Jericho Echo" and organizes the annual Jericho Street Fair which is held in mid-June each year, around the feast day of the patron saint Barnabas (11 June). It is also the focus for other community activities and has also been very active in campaigning for responsible development of the canal-side land behind St Barnabas Church, on a part of which it plans to build a new Community Centre.
Appropriately for its biblical name, Jericho is also known for its iconic places of worship. The Church of England parish church is the Anglo-Catholic St Barnabas Church, next to the Oxford Canal. St. Sepulchre's Cemetery lies off Walton Street, which has no associated church and has lost its chapel. The Albert Street Chapel (Reformed Baptist) is also in the neighbourhood. The Oxford Synagogue (one of the few in England with more than one denomination of Judaism worshipping in the same house) and the Oxford Jewish Centre are in Jericho.
Castlemill Boatyard is a 160-year-old wharf on the canal in Jericho, previously owned by British Waterways and now closed. British Waterways sold the site to a company that subsequently went into administration. The land has yet to be marketed by the administrators. Since the closure of the yard, Jericho Community Boatyard Ltd has been set up to restore services for Oxford boaters and protect the future of Castle Mill Boatyard. 
The local cinema has had a number of incarnations. It started in 1913 as the North Oxford Kinema. In 1925, it was renamed "The Scala". Then in 1970 it was split in two and became Studios 1 and 2, one of which was well known for showing softcore pornography. In 1977, the cinema revived again after being taken over by the London company Contemporary Entertainments and acquired its current name, the Phoenix, showing first-run and art house films.
Jericho in fiction.
Thomas Hardy's novel "Jude the Obscure" has a scene set in St Barnabas Church, and it is possible that the suburb nicknamed 'Beersheba' in the novel is actually Jericho. As a homage to Hardy, in 1996, one of Jericho's pubs was renamed Jude the Obscure.
The first episode of the long running ITV drama series "Inspector Morse", starring British actor John Thaw called ""The Dead of Jericho"", was partially filmed in the streets of Jericho, notably Combe Road (which is 'Canal Reach' in the drama). It also featured the exterior of the Bookbinders Arms public house on the corner of Victor Street. The spin-off show "Lewis" has also stories based around the same area.
Philip Pullman set parts of his novels "Northern Lights" and "Lyra's Oxford" in Jericho. In the books, Jericho is home to the water-dwelling "Gyptians". He has been a vocal advocate of the residential boaters' fight to save the Castlemill Boatyard.
In "The Whore's Asylum" by Katy Darby (Penguin Group, 2012), the "home for indigent whores" is in Victor Street and the young doctor attending their special medical needs lives in Canal Street. Jericho in 1887 is described (probably inaccurately) as "haunted by drunkards, thieves,and the lowest sort of brazen female as ever lifted her petticoats".

</doc>
<doc id="2921759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921759" title="Vivian Wright">
Vivian Wright

Vivian "Jaws" Wright was a fictional character in the Sky One drama series "Dream Team" in Series 7 and immediately became one of the maddest, strangest and most popular characters in the show.
Fictional Biography.
Joining Harchester United.
Following the death of former first choice goalkeeper Jamie Parker at the end of the previous season, Harchester were having goalkeeper troubles, and due to the vast amount of money loaned out from various sources that was spent on striker Luke Davenport, could not afford a new goal keeper. However, Harchester manager Stuart Naysmith came up with a solution - Sign Vivian Wright, a talented goalkeeper currently not playing for anyone. The problem? No-one really wanted to play with Viv following an incident in the middle of a game where Viv bit the nose of an opposing player.
As a result of the massive debts, the Dragon's Lair was closed, an emotional plea not only from the staff, players and fans of Harchester United, but other Premier League clubs, allowed Harchester to remain open - So long as they qualified for the UEFA Cup or higher at the end of the season. Added incentive for the players, was that they would only receive payment for the rest of the season if the club achieved this. At the same time, news arose of an Arabian Sheikh interested in buying the club, but only if the value of the club dropped.
Match Fixing Scandal.
This led to Stuart Naysmith, Pilar Hernandez & the current owners coming up with a match fixing plot to lower the club's value. Stuart played with the already unstable Viv's head, leading him. However, the Sheik passed on the club, and they were left in danger of missing out on a UEFA Cup place. Viv's unwitting role in the scandal led to him having mental counselling on orders of wife Chelsea as he grew more unstable as time went on.
However, the scandal threw another obstacle in the team's path - club captain Marcel Sabatier was accidentally killed by hitmen, attempting to kill Stuart. After the autopsy revealed that Marcel had overdosed on a painkiller Stuart had taken at the start of the season, the guilt ridden coach told the Police about the match fixing, and they subsequently told the FA & UEFA.
Whilst Viv & his team mates managed to get a place in the UEFA Champions League & keep the club open, owner Dean Boyle & former agent Jeff Stein made an emotional plea to UEFA. 
As the players celebrated their success, they received the news - due to this being the second match fixing scandal in 2 years at the club, Harchester were relegated to the Championship as punishment. However, they remained in the Champions League. Viv & many of his team mates demanded they were released from their contracts upon hearing this, but were then told they would only get the money owed if they played in the Champions League the following season, prompting the players to stay & fight to get back into the Premier League the next year.
Increasing Insanity.
Chelsea left him after having an affair with Ryan Naysmith, who Viv cornered with a shotgun. Fearing for his life, Ryan blamed Clyde Connelly - who had recently committed suicide as a result of manager Don Barker's persistent bullying - saying that the reason Clyde committed suicide is because Viv had learned of the affair & was afraid of what he would do to him. Upon his arrival in the teams changing room for the first game after Clyde's death, Viv told his teammates that Clyde had slept with his wife. Unbeknownst to Viv, most of the other players knew that it was Ryan who had actually slept with Chelsea.
Chelsea's infidelity & leaving him, added to Viv's frustrations at being unable to gain some retribution on the man he blamed for his wife leaving him, made the already mentally unstable Wright even more deranged, to the point he believed Chelsea had returned to him, despite Lee Presley (who was living with Viv at the time) never seeing her. It eventually took psychologist Naomi Wyatt to cure him. Viv stopped seeing "Chelsea", but instead began to believe he could see into the future.
Manager.
Following the departure of Don Barker, team mate Karl Fletcher attempted to gain the position. However, Viv who had "seen" that if Fletch were to become manager that the team would lose a vital game against Arsenal, but if he became manager they would win, also lobbied for the role. Due to everyone believing that Viv was now mentally stable, he was given the position due to his "improvement".
Regardless of Viv being the manager instead of Fletcher, Harchester still lost to Arsenal.
Bittersweet Promotion.
Viv led Harchester to the Championship playoffs, where they faced West Ham United in the final. Coincidentally, Viv's predecessor, Don Barker, was now Director of Football at West Ham. Prior to the game, Viv found out the truth about Naysmith's infidelity with his wife, causing a petrified Naysmith to flee the Millennium Stadium in Don Barker's car, which contained the body of the missing Karl Fletcher, who had been murdered by Barker. Viv phoned Ryan and convinced him to return, saying that they'd sort out their issues later, and that the team was more important. Although Ryan did attempt to return, the police found Fletch's body in the boot of the car & took him in for questioning.
Death.
Viv didn't have a chance to confront Ryan afterwards, as the team bus was blown up by deranged ex-boss Barker who decided he'd rather die than face the consequences of his murder of Fletch, and drove his car, containing Fletch's body, into the Harchester coach. Viv was not on the coach, but was in close proximity to it when the incident occurred.
Everybody on the coach died in the explosion (except Naysmith, Sullivan, Fenton, Viv and Tyson), whilst several people who weren't on the coach but were nearby were also caught in the explosion. Though Naysmith, Sullivan,Fenton and Tyson did survive. Viv was never found.
It had been speculated that Viv would return at some point to deal with "unfinished business" at the club possibly hinting at Ares involvement in later series. However, the series has now ended. Ironically, the spiritual incarnation of the very man whose fate sealed Viv's own, Karl Fletcher, was the last image the show closed out on.
Statistics.
Viv appeared in Dream Team between episode 15 (series 7) to episode 32 (season 8). Despite his short time at Harchester, he was involved in several key storylines.

</doc>
<doc id="2921761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921761" title="Zane Huett">
Zane Huett

Zane Alexander Huett (born May 9, 1997) is an American child actor.
Zane is most famous for his featured role on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives" playing the role of Parker Scavo, the younger son of Lynette and Tom Scavo. He plays the youngest Scavo boy, yet is older by six months than the actors Brent Kinsman and Shane Kinsman who play the older Scavo boys. "Desperate Housewives" is Huett's first role for television.
Other film credits include "Mysterious Skin" and "P.O.V.: The Camera's Eye".
He has a younger sister (Zoe Huett) who also acts on occasion.
Zane currently serves as a StarPower Ambassador for Starlight Children’s Foundation, encouraging other young people to commit their time, energy and resources to help other kids and working with Starlight to brighten the lives of seriously ill children.
– www.starlight.org/starpowerambassadors

</doc>
<doc id="2921764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921764" title="David Salsburg">
David Salsburg

David S. Salsburg gained a lot of fame as the author of "The Lady Tasting Tea", subtitled "How Statistics Revolutionized Science in the Twentieth Century". "The Lady Tasting Tea" starts during a nice summer tea party in Cambridge, England. David Salsburg is a retired pharmaceutical company statistician (having been a senior research fellow at Pfizer's central research department) who has taught at Harvard, Yale, Connecticut College, the University of Connecticut, the University of Pennsylvania, Rhode Island College, and Trinity College and has been a member of the American Statistical Association since 1964. David Salsburg was recently awarded a masters degree in Chocolate Tasting from the University of Hershey.
In 1994 Salsburg was awarded the "Career Achievement Award of the Biostatistics Section of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America", given annually for "significant contributions to the advancement of biostatistics in the pharmaceutical industry". The Mathematical Association of America characterised him as follows
Dr. Salsburg was the keynote speaker at the JMP Discovery Summit in Denver, Sept. 15, 2011.
David Salsburg's most recent book is titled "Love Feeds Among the Lilies" which is about an innocent young maiden who is sold by her family into the harem of a ruthless king..

</doc>
<doc id="2921765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921765" title="KV45">
KV45

Tomb KV45, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of the noble Userhet of the Eighteenth dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="2921768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921768" title="2-Iodoxybenzoic acid">
2-Iodoxybenzoic acid

IBX acid or 2-iodoxybenzoic acid is an organic compound used in organic synthesis as an oxidizing agent. This periodinane is especially suited to oxidize alcohols to aldehydes. The IBX acid is prepared from 2-iodobenzoic acid, potassium bromate and sulfuric acid. Frigerio and co-workers have also demonstrated, in 1999 that potassium bromate may be replaced by commercially available Oxone. One of the main drawbacks of IBX is its limited solubility; IBX is insoluble in many common organic solvents. In the past, it was believed that IBX was shock sensitive, but it was later proposed that samples of IBX were shock sensitive due to the residual potassium bromate left from its preparation. Commercial IBX is stabilized by carboxylic acids such as benzoic acid and isophthalic acid.
Reaction mechanism.
The reaction mechanism for an oxidation of an alcohol to an aldehyde according the so-called hypervalent twisting mechanism involves a ligand exchange reaction replacing the hydroxyl group by the alcohol followed by a twist and an elimination reaction. The twist is a requirement because the iodine to oxygen double bond is oriented out of plane with the alkoxy group and the concerted elimination would not be able to take place. This twist reaction is a rearrangement in which the oxygen atom is moved into a proper plane for a 5 membered cyclic transition state in the elimination reaction and is calculated by Computational chemistry to be the rate-determining step in the oxidation. The twist mechanism also explains why oxidation is faster for larger alcohols than for small alcohols. The twist is driven forward by the steric hindrance that exists between the ortho hydrogen atom and the protons from the alkoxy group and larger alkoxy groups create larger steric repulsion. The same computation predicts a much faster reacting IBX derivative with a 100 fold reaction rate when this ortho hydrogen atom is replaced by a methyl group thus facilitating the twist until the elimination reaction takes prevalence as the rate determining step.
IBX exists as two tautomers one of which is the carboxylic acid. The acidity of IBX which has been determined in water (pKa 2.4) and DMSO (pKa 6.65) is known to affect organic reactions, for instance acid-catalyzed isomerization accompanying oxidations.
Scope.
IBX is also available as silica gel or polystyrene bound IBX. In many application IBX acid is replaced by Dess-Martin periodinane which is more soluble in common organic solvents. A sample reaction is an IBX oxidation used in the total synthesis of eicosanoid:
In 2001, K. C. Nicolaou and co-workers published a series of papers in the Journal of the American Chemical Society demonstrating, among other transformations, the use of IBX to oxidize benzylic carbons to conjugated aromatic carbonyl compounds.
Oxidative cleavage.
IBX is notable for oxidizing vicinal diols (or glycols) to diketones without cleavage of the carbon-carbon bond, but oxidative cleavage of glycols to two aldehydes or ketones can occur when modified conditions are used (elevated temperatures or trifluoroacetic acid solvent).
The reaction mechanism for this glycol cleavage is based on initial formation of an adduct between 10-I-4 IBX and DMSO to an 12-I-5 intermediate 3 in which DMSO acts as a leaving group for incoming alcohol 4 to intermediate 5. One equivalent of water is split off forming 12-I-5 spirobicyclic periodinane 6 setting the stage for fragmentation to 7. With hydroxyl alpha protons present, oxidation to the acyloin competes. Trifluoroacetic acid is found to facilitate the overall reaction.
α-Hydroxylations.
Kirsch and co-workers were able to hydroxylate keto compounds with IBX in α-position under mild conditions. This method could be extended to β-keto esters.
Oxidation of β-hydroxyketones to β-diketones.
Bartlett and Beaudry discovered that IBX is a valuable reagent for the transformation of β-hydroxyketones to β-diketones. IBX provides yields superior to both the Swern and Dess-Martin oxidation protocols.

</doc>
<doc id="2921772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921772" title="Philippine International Jazz &amp; Ethnic Arts Festival">
Philippine International Jazz &amp; Ethnic Arts Festival

The Philippine International Jazz & Arts Festival (colloquially as, "P.I.Jazzfest")is a music festival that takes place in the Philippines. Formerly called the Philippine International Jazz & Ethnic Arts Festival, the event is organized by the PIJazz Foundation and presents international jazz musicians along with prominent Philippine jazz and world artists.
The first P.I. Jazzfest edition took place through January 20–23, 2006, which featured Eumir Deodato and Kevin Lettau; and the second, which featured Diane Schuur, Flora Purim, Airto Moreira and Eldar Djangirov. In 2008, the P.I.JazzFest, now a member of the Asia Jazz Festival Organization, featured Lee Ritenour, Kurt Elling, Omar Sosa, Raul Midon, Sara Gazarek, Chico & the Gypsies, Incognito, Laurence Elder, Frank Woeste Trio, Lorraine Demarais alongside numerous Filipino jazz performers from the Philippines peninsula and abroad.
P.I.JazzFest is involved with UNICEF, and is committed to bring jazz (and improvisation) awareness to the youth through school workshops such as the "JazzKamp" summer music training course and the JAZZERO Talent Search.

</doc>
<doc id="2921777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921777" title="Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée">
Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée

The Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée (FCM) was a French shipbuilding company. The "Société des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée" was founded in 1853 by Philip Taylor and subsequently incorporated in 1856 in the newly established joint stock company "Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée" founded by Armand Béhic. It eventually had shipyards in La Seyne-sur-Mer, near Toulon, and in Graville, now part of Le Havre. After going into insolvency in 1966, the company was absorbed into the "Constructions industrielles de la Méditerranée".
The company also produced tanks before World War II, most notably FCM 2C and FCM 36.

</doc>
<doc id="2921779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921779" title="Basic City, Virginia">
Basic City, Virginia

Basic City was an incorporated town located in Augusta County, Virginia, in the United States. Formed in 1890, it was named after a process for steel manufacture. This process was to be implemented in Basic City, and gave rise to land speculation. There was an explosion of manufacturing and commercial development in Basic City between 1890 and 1893 as two railroads crossed here, the Norfolk and Western and the Chesapeake and Ohio. Basic City was once bigger than the surrounding city of Waynesboro, Virginia. As the national economy experienced a depression between 1893 and 1896, sources of investment money disappeared and many new industries in Basic City experienced bankruptcy and closed. The town's real estate bubble burst and many businesses started between 1890 and 1893 did not survive.
In 1924, Basic City consolidated with the adjacent Town of Waynesboro, which had been formed in 1798. The new name for the town was called Waynesboro-Basic. It was later renamed "Waynesboro."
In 1948, the Town of Waynesboro became an independent city. However, Basic City had become one of the "Lost Towns" of Virginia. In modern times, only a handful of buildings and businesses bear the Basic name. One of them is the Basic City Luncheonette.

</doc>
<doc id="2921783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921783" title="Royal Observatory, Edinburgh">
Royal Observatory, Edinburgh

The Royal Observatory, Edinburgh (ROE) is an astronomical institution located on Blackford Hill in Edinburgh. The site is owned by the Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC). The ROE comprises the UK Astronomy Technology Centre (UK ATC) of STFC, the Institute for Astronomy of the School of Physics and Astronomy of the University of Edinburgh, and the ROE Visitor Centre. 
The observatory carries out astronomical research and university teaching; design, project management, and construction of instruments and telescopes for astronomical observatories; and teacher training in astronomy and outreach to the public. The ROE Library includes the Crawford Collection of books and manuscripts gifted in 1888 by James Ludovic Lindsay, 26th Earl of Crawford. Before it moved to the present site in 1896, the Royal Observatory was located on Calton Hill, close to the centre of Edinburgh, at what is now known as the City Observatory.
History.
Calton Hill.
The University of Edinburgh in 1785 and by Royal Warrant of George III created the Regius Chair of Astronomy and appointed Robert Blair first Regius Professor of Astronomy. After his death in 1828 the position remained vacant until 1834. In 1811 private citizens had founded the Astronomical Institution of Edinburgh with John Playfair – professor of natural philosophy – as its president. The Institution acquired grounds on Calton Hill to build an observatory, which was designed by John's nephew William Henry Playfair; it remains to this day as the Playfair building of the City Observatory.
During his visit of Edinburgh in 1822, George IV bestowed upon the observatory the title of "Royal Observatory of King George the Fourth". In 1834 – with Government funding – the instrumentation of the observatory was completed. This cleared the way to uniting the observatory with the Regius Chair, and Thomas Henderson was appointed the first Astronomer Royal for Scotland and second Regius Professor of Astronomy. The main instruments of the new observatory were a 6.4-inch (16 cm) transit telescope and a 3.5-inch (9 cm) azimuth circle.
In 1852 Charles Piazzi Smyth – second Astronomer Royal for Scotland – came up with the idea of building astronomical observatories on high mountains with good weather. He travelled to Tenerife a few years later for site testing. Nothing came of it until about 100 years later, when this mode of operation became common practice the world over. A time service was established in 1858. Timings of star transits were used to keep the observatory clock accurate. The clock was wired up to control the drop of a time ball on Nelson's Monument. This is visible from the port of Leith, thus providing accurate time for shipping. Another wire led to a time gun on Edinburgh Castle.
Chronic underfunding by the Government eventually lead to Smyth's resignation in 1888. The Government then intended to close the Royal Observatory and to abolish the post of Astronomer Royal for Scotland.
Blackford Hill.
When the Earl of Crawford learned of the plans to close the Royal Observatory, he offered to give the instruments of his own Dunecht observatory and his unique astronomical library to the nation on condition that the Government build and maintain a new Royal Observatory to replace the one on Calton Hill. Ralph Copeland was appointed third Astronomer Royal for Scotland and oversaw the move of the two observatories from Dunecht and Calton Hill to Blackford Hill.
The instruments to move into the domes were a 15-inch (38 cm) refractor (East Dome) and a 24-inch (0.6 m) reflector (West Dome). An 8.5-inch (22 cm) transit circle was housed in a separate building further west. The time service continued to control the time ball on Calton Hill and the time gun on Edinburgh Castle by telegraph wire. It also controlled a time gun in Dundee and a clock at Rosyth dockyard. In the 1910s and 1920s research at the ROE led to more accurate pendulum clocks, which remained in service until they had to give way to quartz clocks in the 1960s.
During the first half of the 20th century the ROE pursued the new fields of photographic and photoelectric recording of stellar positions, brightnesses and spectra. From the 1950s onwards the ROE has concentrated even more on instrumentation and automation. In 1965 the ROE moved from the responsibility of the Scottish Office into the new Science Research Council (SRC), which in 1981 became the Science and Engineering Research Council (SERC).
Outstations and national facilities.
From 1961 to 1973 the ROE's Earlyburn Outstation some 20 miles (30 km) south of Edinburgh was used for optical tracking of artificial satellites. From 1967 to 1976 the observatory operated a 16/24-inch (0.4/0.6 m) Schmidt camera – matching the one in Edinburgh – at its Monte Porzio Catone observing station near Rome. A division of labour developed: By 1976 the ROE as an SRC/SERC establishment spent most of its resources on running and supporting national facilities, while astronomical research was left to the university's Department of Astronomy.
The ROE operated the UK Schmidt Telescope (UKST) since it was opened in 1973. This took photographic plates in blue light of the entire southern sky. Together with red-light plates taken by the European Southern Observatory (ESO) they form the ESO/SERC Southern Sky Survey, which in turn extends the Palomar Observatory Sky Survey beyond its southern limit. In 1988 the telescope was handed over to the Anglo-Australian Observatory, which until 2010 operated it for Australia and the United Kingdom (UK); in July 2010, the Australian Astronomical Observatory was formed, to operate the telescope as part of a facility entirely under Australian control. The photographic laboratory and plate library for the UKST remained at the ROE in Edinburgh.
Since 1967 the ROE had been operating a machine (GALAXY – General Automatic Luminosity And X-Y) to digitise photographic plates. After the opening of the UKST, this was upgraded to become the COSMOS (COordinates, Sizes, Magnitudes, Orientations and Shapes) machine in 1975. It operated until 1993 and was replaced by a new SuperCOSMOS machine. When in 1980 the Starlink Project was formed to support astronomical image processing in the UK, the ROE became one of the six original nodes of the Starlink network.
Over the years 1973–1979 the ROE built the 3.8-metre UK Infrared Telescope (UKIRT) on Mauna Kea in Hawaii. This is an early example of the use of thin mirrors in large telescopes. The ROE operated UKIRT in cooperation with the University of Hawaii and built instruments for it, including the first ever common-user infrared camera. In 1987 the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope (JCMT) – also on Mauna Kea – was handed over to the ROE after the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory had competed its construction. This is a 15-metre, millimetre- and sub-millimetre-wavelength telescope of the UK, the Netherlands and Canada.
Reviews and international involvement.
After Malcolm Longair – ninth Astronomer Royal for Scotland – left in 1990, astronomy in the UK underwent a period of re-organisation and uncertainty. Andrew Lawrence became Regius Professor of Astronomy in the University of Edinburgh, whereas the title of Astronomer Royal for Scotland went to John Brown of the University of Glasgow. For a while Paul Murdin was acting director of the ROE. In 1993 the observatories of the UK – the Royal Greenwich Observatory (RGO), the Royal Observatory Edinburgh, the Isaac Newton Group of Telescopes, and the Joint Astronomy Centre (UKIRT and JCMT) – came under the single directorship of Alec Boksenberg, until then director of the RGO.
In 1994 the SERC was split up and the ROE became part of the Particle Physics and Astronomy Research Council (PPARC). In 1995 the merged observatories were dissolved into four independent entities. Having lost the UKST in 1988 – the ROE now also lost the UKIRT and the JCMT. It retained its role of building instruments for telescopes and satellites. It also became the UK project office for the construction of the Gemini Observatory, a pair of 8.1-metre telescopes run by no fewer than seven countries.
A review of the Royal Observatories in 1996 concluded that the running of observatories and building of instruments should be put out to competitive tender, raising the fear of privatisation or closure. In 1997 this came to a halt and instead it was decided to reduce the RGO and the ROE into a smaller single astronomy technology centre. In 1998 the RGO was closed, while the ROE escaped lightly: The Plate Library and SuperCOSMOS machine were handed over to the University of Edinburgh, while the technology and project management expertise of the ROE – and to a lesser degree of the RGO – was retained by the UK Astronomy Technology Centre, which superseded the ROE as the Edinburgh establishment of the PPARC.
Following the work on Gemini, the UK ATC was put in charge of managing the construction of the 4-metre f/1 VISTA (Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy). In the tradition of the UKST this is a survey telescope with a wide field of view. It works in the infrared and uses an array of CCD detectors as camera. The telescope is located at the Paranal Observatory of the European Southern Observatory (ESO). In 1962 five European countries had founded the ESO; the UK joined in 2002 as the tenth member country. VISTA was handed over to ESO in 2008 as part of the UK's joining fee.
Directors.
Also Astronomer Royal for Scotland and Regius Professor of Astronomy in the University of Edinburgh:
Directors of ROE or UK ATC after amalgamation and dissolution of "The Royal Observatories":
Present day.
Telescopes.
The original 1894 building includes two cylindrical copper domes on top of the East and West Towers. These were refurbished in 2010. The East Dome still shelters a 36-inch (0.9 m) Cassegrain reflector that was installed in 1930. This is part of the visitor centre exhibition, but is not operational any more. A 16/24-inch (0.4/0.6 m) Schmidt camera was installed in the West Dome in 1951. In 2010 this was removed to the National Museum of Scotland. The only working telescope is a 20-inch (0.5 m) reflector in a hemispherical dome on top of the teaching laboratories. This telescope is used for undergraduate teaching. As of April 2012, the 1967 telescope and mount have been removed to Mid-Kent Astronomical Society; a replacement telescope will be installed later in 2012.
Crawford Collection.
The Crawford Collection has first editions of most books relevant to the history of astronomy. This includes many works by the likes of Brahe, Copernicus, Galilei, Kepler and Newton. For the most part, Lord Lindsay collected this library in the 1870s and 1880s. An early addition was that of over 2500 items from Charles Babbage's library after his death in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="2921795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921795" title="Frank Gusenberg">
Frank Gusenberg

Frank Gusenberg (October 11, 1892 – February 14, 1929) was a German-American contract killer and a victim of the Saint Valentine's Day massacre in Chicago, Illinois.
Early life.
Frank Gusenberg (akas: Gusenberger, Carl Bloom, Howard Morgan, Fred Gusenberg, Frank Gould) was the second oldest of three sons and one sister born to Peter Gusenberg Sr. Peter Sr. was a first generation emigrant from Gusenburg, a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Frank was raised at 434 Roscoe Street in Lakeview, Chicago. Frank followed his brother Peter Gusenberg into a life of crime with Bugs Moran. Frank was a polygamist and married two women, Lucille and Ruth, unbeknownst to them. He was first arrested for disorderly conduct in 1909 and from 1909 to 1914 was a suspect in numerous armed robberies and burglaries in the Greater Chicago area. In 1911, he was convicted of disorderly conduct and sent to the notorious Bridewell Prison in South Lawndale, Chicago.
In 1901 when Frank was nine years old, his elder brother, Peter, found their mother dead in the kitchen of their Roscoe Street home, leaving their upbringing to their father, Peter Sr., who was very much an absent father who was working all the time. Frank was later brought up on burglary charges by the state prosecuting attorney's office in 1926 but for some unknown reason the charges against Frank were never filed with the courts. His last known address was 5507 Beatrice Avenue in the Portage Park neighbourhood of Chicago, Illinois. After graduating from petty crime into more serious offenses, they teamed with Dion O'Banion, Hymie Weiss, and other members of the local mob scene. They became two of the gang's chief hitmen. After the O'Banion's 1924 murder, Gusenberg joined his friends, led by Hymie Weiss, in getting revenge on the Capone mob.
The Gusenberg Brothers and the Chicago gang wars.
Frank Gusenberg participated in the gargantuan drive-by shooting in the North Side performed on Capone's headquarters, the Hawthorne Hotel in Cicero, Illinois, riddling it with thousands of bullets on September 20, 1926. According to many accounts, the second to last car stopped in front of the hotel restaurant where Capone was cowering and Frank's brother Pete emerged, clad in a khaki Army shirt, brown overalls, and carrying a Thompson submachine gun fitted with a 100-round capacity drum. Kneeling in front of the doorway, Gusenberg emptied the entire drum into the restaurant, and then casually strolled back to his car, which then sped off to safety.
The attack worked. Capone was very shaken and requested a sitdown between the two gangs. However, it failed. Hymie Weiss was murdered three weeks later, and over the next couple of years, the North Side Gang continued to weaken. The North Siders especially wished to kill Jack McGurn, as he was rumored to have been the machine-gunner who killed Weiss. On at least two occasions, the Gusenberg brothers made attempts on his life. Despite receiving several wounds, McGurn survived these attempts. Al Capone had Pasquale "Patsy" Lolordo installed as head of the influential fraternal organization Unione Siciliane. By late 1928, the leader of the North Side Gang, Bugs Moran, struck an alliance with Al Capone's rival Joe Aiello. The latter, assisted by the Gusenberg brothers, killed Antonio Lombardo and Pasqualino Lolordo, presidents of the Unione Siciliane. It was as a result of these murders that Capone plotted to eliminate Bugs Moran. 
Final days.
On February 14, 1929, members of the North Side gang gathered at a garage behind the offices of S.M.C. Cartage Company. Inside were Pete and Frank Gusenberg, Albert Weinshank, Adam Heyer, James Clark, John May, and Reinhardt Schwimmer (the latter two men not actually gang members). Five men, possibly members of Capone's Gang, possibly outside "hired guns", most likely a combination of the two, drove to the garage in a stolen police car. Two of the men, dressed as police, entered the garage, pretending they were conducting an ordinary raid, and lined Moran's associates up against the wall. Once the men's backs were all turned, facing the wall, two other men (with civilian clothes) entered the room with machine guns and, along with the "police", opened fire on the seven men, pounding 70 bullets into them in what would become known as the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.
When police arrived at the scene, Frank Gusenberg, despite having twenty-two wounds by fourteen bullets, was the only victim still alive. He was taken to the Alexian Brothers hospital in Chicago, Illinois. When asked "Who shot you?" Frank, observing the gangland principle of "omertà" (absolute silence) replied, "Nobody shot me". It is also very possible that he simply did not recognize either of the two "policemen" who turned the victims to the wall. Although the killers wiped out a large part of Bugs Moran's mob, they missed Moran himself. Some say that upon seeing the squad car, he drove past the garage he was planning on entering. Others say he was merely late arriving.

</doc>
<doc id="2921800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921800" title="Dave Evans (singer)">
Dave Evans (singer)

Dave Evans (born 20 July 1953) is an Australian singer best known as the original lead singer of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC from 1973-1974.
AC/DC.
Dave Evans is one of the original members of AC/DC along with Angus and Malcolm Young, Colin Burgess and Larry Van Kriedt during the band's foundation. He was a member of the band for a year before being replaced by Bon Scott around October 1974. During his time with AC/DC, Evans recorded one single ("Can I Sit Next To You, Girl"/ "Rocking In The Parlour") which was released in Australia and New Zealand. A promotional video for "Can I Sit Next To You, Girl" was also produced.
After AC/DC.
After AC/DC, Evans joined Newcastle band Rabbit, replacing original singer Greg Douglas. Rabbit released 6 singles and two albums between 1975 and 1977, with their second album, "Too Much Rock 'n' Roll" becoming a mild success in Europe and Japan. His other bands included "Dave Evans & The Hot Cockerels" and "Thunder Down Under".
Evans has also released three solo albums. The first was a live recording, "A Hell Of A Night", which was a memorial gig for the late Bon Scott featuring Rohan Moran on lead guitar, Simon Croft on rhythm guitar, Steve Michelmore on drums, and Dave Ross on bass. It was recorded on the 20th anniversary of Scott's death, with Melbourne AC/DC tribute band Thunderstruck after Evans was invited to perform by friend and Thunderstruck member, Simon Croft. The second, "Sinner" was released in February 2006 recorded with some of the members of Evans' previous groups, Rabbit and Hot Cockerel plus some of Newcastle's finest rocker. In April 2010 he released his "Judgement Day" album in the UK through independent label Rocksector Records
Evans has toured in Europe with Munich band, Thunderstruck and with his own band, "The Badasses" as support to USA southern rock band, Molly Hatchet to great reviews in magazines and newspapers.
Dave Evans returned to Australia in late 2008, to perform at the "Adelaide International Guitar Festival" with The Party Boys, and later played a number of shows in the country with a band of young up and coming musicians from Victoria. The band featuring Evans on vocals, Liam Marsh (23) lead guitar, Sean Walsh (19) rhythm guitar, Jack De Rosso (18) bass and Jordan McDonald (16) drums, played their last show of the tour at the "Peaches and Cream" [http://www.peachesandcreamfestival.com] Festival in Cobram alongside Mammal and Cog.
In May/June 2010 Evans undertook a UK Tour with a UK version of his Baddasses backing band. The band included Chris Appleton from Fury UK on lead guitar, Marshall Gill from New Model Army on lead guitar, Martin McNee from Fury UK on drums & Leon Gill on bass.
In 2011, Dave Evans and The Aussie Badasses were asked by James Young to headline a show on Australia Day for his birthday celebration concert at The Cherry Bar in ACDC Lane. The Aussie Baddasses are Darby Lee, Bass. Jackson Lee, Guitar and Liam Lee on Drums.
In June 2012, Evans performed as guest vocal for the Norwegian band Barbed Wire on a mini AC/DC tribute tour. The tour started with a concert on Trondheim Rock, where Twisted Sister performed after Barbed Wire and Dave Evans.
In June 2012, Evans flew straight from Norway back to the UK, to do a 12 Date Headline tour. Performing songs from 'Judgement Day' & classic AC/DC tracks. This tour was more successful than his first tour of Britain & was a great sign of things to come. His backing band the UK badasses featured Chris Appleton & Martin McNee of Absolva & Fury UK again on guitar & drums. Also Daniel Bate & Tom Atkinson of Absolva on bass & guitar.
In June/July 2013, Evans has announced he will return to the UK for packed 14 Date headline tour. Releasing the new single "Little Headbanger" from 'Judgement Day' as his new promo music video for the tour, and celebrating 40 Years of AC/DC. Of which he was an original member. He will perform tracks from his solo album 'Judgement Day' & classic AC/DC tracks. In 2013, Dave Evans played four dates with Long Way To The Top - The AC/DC Spectacular.
Dave Evans returned to Europe In May 2014. He visited capital of Ukraine Kiev with big concert despite political crisis and military conflicts with separatists and terrorists. Evans called his Ukrainian show "Ukraine still ROCKS!" and was supported by Ukrainian AC/DC tribute band - D/C Train. The show in Kiev went off in Bike-Rock-N-Roll Club Route 66 on 24 May. Dave Evans called his concert in Kiev a historical event for him and rock music in bulk.
Discography.
With AC/DC
With Rabbit
With Thunder Down Under
Solo
Other appearances
2007 - Bon Scott Concert- Fremantle
In 2007 Dave Evans has been nominated to perform at The LA MUSIC AWARDS for his song of the SINNER CD "Sold My Soul to Rock 'n' Roll"
Dave Evans launched his new album "Judgement Day" in 2008 signing with STF Records.
As of September, 2011, Linda Burk will be playing bass on the latest US tour.
In 2013 Dave Evans played four Sydney dates with Long Way To The Top the AC/DC Spectacular.

</doc>
<doc id="2921801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921801" title="Battle of Martinique (1780)">
Battle of Martinique (1780)

The Battle of Martinique, also Combat de la Dominique, took place on 17 April 1780 during the American War of Independence in the West Indies between the British Royal Navy and the French Navy.
Origins.
In January 1780 the Comte de Guichen was sent to the French base at Martinique in the West Indies with a strong squadron. He was opposed by British admiral Sir George Rodney, who reached the British base at St. Lucia in late March.
Guichen sailed from Martinique on 13 April 1780, with a fleet of 23 ships of the line and 3,000 troops. His objective was to draw Rodney out, but then to escape him and make an attack on either St. Lucia or the British base at Barbados. Rodney sailed out at once upon being informed that Guichen had sailed. On April 16, his sentinels spotted Guichen on the leeward side of Martinique, beating against the wind. Rodney gave chase, but was unable to close in time for battle that day. Rodney managed to maintain contact with Guichen and hold his line that night.
Battle.
The fleets began manoeuvring for the advantage of the weather gage on the morning of 17 April. By 8:45 Rodney had reached a position to the windward of Guichen, in a relatively close formation. To escape the danger to his rear, Guichen ordered his line to wear and sail to the north, stringing out the line in the process. This forced Rodney to go through another series of manoeuvres to regain his position, which he did by late morning. At this point he hoped to engage the rear and centre of Guichen's elongated line, concentrating his power to maximize damage there before Guichen's van could join the action. The signal that Rodney issued was for each ship to engage the appropriate ship it was paired with according to the disposition of the two fleets. He issued this signal with the understanding that his captains would execute it in the context of signals given earlier in the day that the enemy's rear was the target of the attack.
Unfortunately, for the British, Robert Carkett, commander of HMS "Stirling Castle", the lead ship, either misunderstood the signal or had forgotten the earlier one, and moved ahead to engage Guichen's van; he was followed by the rest of Rodney's fleet, and the two lines ended up engaging ship to ship.
Thanks to the orderly fashion in which De Guichen's subordinate squadron-commanders dealt with the crisis, especially the third-in-command Comte de Grasse's rapid closing-up of the battle-line, Guichen managed to extricate himself from a difficult situation and, instead turn a narrow defeat to a drawn battle, although his and Marquis de Bouillé's objective to attack and seize Jamaica were cancelled.
During the battle, both Rodney's "Sandwich" and Guichen's "Couronne" were temporarily cut off from their respective fleets and bore the brunt of the battle.
Aftermath.
Rodney felt that the failure to properly attack the French rear cost the British an opportunity for a significant victory, and assessed blame to Carkett and others who did not properly follow his signals. Others assigned the blame to Rodney, for failing to inform his captains in advance of his intended tactics.
David Hannay, the author of the biography on the Comte de Guichen in the 11th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica stated that throughout all this campaign Guichen had shown himself very skilful in handling a fleet, and if he had not gained any marked success, he had prevented the British admiral from doing any harm to the French islands in the Antilles.
Both fleets avoided further action prior to the hurricane season. Guichen returned to France with many of his damaged ships in August, and Rodney sailed for New York.
Order of battle.
Incomplete order of battle

</doc>
<doc id="2921803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921803" title="Duophonic">
Duophonic

Duophonic is a term used to refer to a sound process by which a monaural recording is turned into a kind of "fake stereo" by splitting the signal into two channels, delaying the left and the right channels by means of delay lines and other circuits, desynchronizing the two channels by fractions of a second, and cutting the bass frequencies in one channel with a high-pass filter, then cutting the treble frequencies in the other channel with a low-pass filter. The result was an artificial stereo effect, without giving the listener the true directional sound characteristics of real stereo. In some cases, the effect was enhanced with reverberation and other technical tricks, sometimes adding stereo echo to mono tracks in an attempt to fool the listener.
"Duophonic" was used as a trade name for the process by Capitol Records for re-releases of mono recordings from June 1961 through the 1970s. Capitol employed this technique in order to increase their inventory of stereo LPs, to satisfy retailer demand for more stereo content (and help promote the sale of stereo receivers and turntables). For nearly ten years, Capitol used the banner "DUOPHONIC – For Stereo Phonographs Only" to differentiate their true stereo LPs from the Duophonic LPs.
The process was used for some of their biggest releases, including a variety of albums by The Beach Boys and Frank Sinatra. Over the years however, some Duophonic tapes were confused with true stereo recordings in Capitol Records' vaults, and wound up getting "accidentally" reissued on CD throughout the 1980s and 1990s. Capitol reissued some of The Beatles' Duophonic mixes on "The Capitol Albums, Volume 1" and "The Capitol Albums, Volume 2", in 2004 and 2006, respectively.
On occasion, artists deliberately used fake stereo for artistic effect. Fake stereo is also used because elements of a mono mix cannot be reproduced for a stereo remix. The Beatles used this effect in the song "I Am The Walrus"; the first portion of the song is true stereo but switches to fake stereo at about the two-minute mark for the remainder of the song because the live radio feeds from a BBC broadcast of King Lear were mixed directly into the mono mix of the song and could not be replicated for the stereo mix. Later remixes of the song, such as that included in the Love soundtrack album, are in true stereo for the complete song. Similarly, the mono mix of the song "Only A Northern Song" featured sound effects which were made during the mixing process and were difficult to be remade for a stereo remix, so the song was released in fake stereo in the 1969 album "Yellow Submarine". However, the 1999 album Yellow Submarine Songtrack features a full stereo remix of the song and the 2009 remaster of the original 1969 album restores the song to its original mono mix because enhanced stereo has fallen out of favor.
Other record companies used similar processing of monophonic material to create a stereo effect, but referred to the process by other names. For example, Columbia Records used the logo, "Electronically Re-channeled for Stereo" on records issued with their particular process. As with Capitol, Columbia's fake stereo issues included albums by major artists, such as Miles Davis ('"Round About Midnight", CL 949 mono, reissued in stereo as PC 8649).

</doc>
<doc id="2921806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921806" title="KV41">
KV41

Tomb KV41, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was the last tomb to be found by Victor Loret, and has not been excavated or examined. The original owner of this tomb is unclear, but it may have been Tetisheri.

</doc>
<doc id="2921817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921817" title="Harry Dean (cricketer)">
Harry Dean (cricketer)

Harry Dean, born 13 August 1884, and died at Garstang, Lancashire, 12 March 1957, was a cricketer who played for Lancashire and England.
Dean was a left-arm bowler who could bowl fast-medium swing or slower spinners to suit the conditions. Joining Lancashire in 1906, he made an immediate impact with 60 wickets in his first season. He took 100 wickets in 1907 but was expensive given that virtually all pitches suited spin bowling. However, by developing fast-medium swingers of a similar style to George Hirst as a dry-weather alternative to his slow-medium spinners, Dean improved steadily to be by 1910 clearly the best bowler in the Lancashire eleven with 137 wickets. In 1911, although he was overworked when Walter Brearley was away on business, Dean went from strength to strength, taking 175 wickets in the County Championship and being by 23 wickets the leading bowler in first-class cricket (and this in spite of often resting when the fast bowler was away from business). In the six games he did partner Brearley, the two gave enough evidence that they could be formidable indeed: against Kent on a perfect wicket at Canterbury they got down eight wickets for 58 at the start and went on to take all twenty wickets in the match - Brearley twelve for 218, Dean eight for 144 - depriving Kent of a hat-trick of titles in the process.
In 1912, now almost exclusively bowling spin, Dean was better than ever and in wet weather carried all before him, taking 13 for 49 against Worcestershire and fifteen wickets against Kent - both at Old Trafford. Dean played three times for England that summer in the 1912 Triangular Tournament - twice against South Africa and once against Australia. Though he bowled very well in these games, with four for nineteen on a sticky wicket in the decisive Test against Australia his high point, Dean was near retirement before the next home Tests were played and was never thought likely to do well abroad.
In 1913, Dean was steady but rather expensive on the hard wickets, but on a rain-affected pitch in a special “Roses match” against Yorkshire arranged for the visit of King George V to the Aigburth ground at Liverpool, Dean accomplished one of the best performance in first-class cricket. He took nine wickets for 62 runs in the first innings, and eight for 29 in the second, and his match figures of 17 for 91 remain the best in a first-class match for Lancashire or against Yorkshire.
In 1914, Dean was absent for most of the first half of the season, and did only one notable performance on returning when he took 13 for 84 against a strong Hampshire side, whilst he was very disappointing in 1919. However, he surprised the critics in 1920 with a superb season, taking over 120 wickets and with Lawrence Cook helping Lancashire to second spot. He bowled very well in 1921 even if helped by some appalling batting sides, but then switched to Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship, for whom Brearley had played and Dean continued to play until 1926. After his retirement from playing cricket, he coached at Rossall School.

</doc>
<doc id="2921818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921818" title="Lucas Sithole">
Lucas Sithole

Lucas Sithole (1931-1994) was a South African sculptor best known for his work in mainly indigenous woods, as well as for his sculptures in bronze, stone and other media. 
He was born on 15 November 1931, in Springs, Transvaal, Republic of South Africa; he died on 8 May 1994, in Pongola, Transvaal, Republic of South Africa. Born of a Zulu father and a Swazi mother; he was married, had 7 children. He lived in Kwa-Thema, Springs, Transvaal, until 1981, thereafter near Pongola on the Swaziland/Mozambique border. He never travelled beyond the South African borders, except to Lesotho and Swaziland.
Significant exhibitions in Europe and the U.S.A..
PARTICIPATION IN SELECTED EXHIBITIONS in Africa (other than South Africa):
HIS OEUVRE
You can view more than 390 exciting sculptures by Lucas T. SITHOLE out of some 800 recorded works by going to [http://www.sithole.com] (a non-commercial site put up in his memory). 
A mini-Master Registry of many recorded works has been put up on this site, depending on suitable images being available, listed according to the following categories:
Similarly, a selection of stories relating to his sculptures or explanations which Lucas gave in his inimitable way, has been added onto the appropriate pages.
There are over 70 recorded works in the U.S.A., over 40 in the United Kingdom, over 40 in Switzerland, 20 in Germany, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2921823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921823" title="KV32">
KV32

Tomb KV32, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, is the burial site of Tia'a, the wife of Amenhotep II and mother of Thutmose IV.
The tomb was discovered in 1898 by Victor Loret. It is unfinished and undecorated, and runs back some 40 metres into the mountainside. A portion of it was penetrated by workmen digging the original burial chamber in the tomb of Siptah KV47. 
KV32 has not yet been fully cleared or excavated, but work is underway by a team from the University of Basel's MISR Project.

</doc>
<doc id="2921825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921825" title="Aichi E13A">
Aichi E13A

The Aichi E13A (Allied reporting name: "Jake") was a long-range reconnaissance seaplane used by the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) from 1941 to 1945. Numerically the most important floatplane of the IJN, it could carry a crew of three and a bombload of 250 kg (550 lb). The Navy designation was "Navy Type Zero Reconnaissance Seaplane" (零式水上偵察機).
In China, it operated from seaplane tenders and cruisers. Later, it was used as a scout for the Attack on Pearl Harbor, and was encountered in combat by the United States Navy during the Battles of Coral Sea and Midway. It was in service throughout the conflict, for coastal patrols, strikes against navigation, liaison, officer transports, castaway rescues, and other missions, along with some "kamikaze" missions in the last days of war.
Eight examples were operated by the French Navy Air Force during the First Indochina War from 1945-1947, while others were believed to be operated by the Naval Air Arm of the Royal Thai Navy before the war. One example captured by New Zealand forces was flown by RNZAF personnel in theatre, but sank and was not repaired after a float leaked.
Versions.
Prototypes and first production model, later designated Model 11.
Trainer version with dual controls
Redesigned floats, improved radio equipment
Night-flying conversion
As E13A1a, with Air-Surface radar
Night-flying conversion of above
Anti-surface vessel version equipped with two downward-firing belly-mounted 20 mm Type 99 Mark II cannons in addition to bombs or depth charges
Gallery.
Aichi E13 floatplane wreck, sunk in Kavieng Harbor, New Ireland, Papua New Guinea

</doc>
<doc id="2921827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921827" title="David Campbell (Australian musician)">
David Campbell (Australian musician)

David Joseph Campbell (born 6 August 1973, in South Australia) is an Australian singer, stage performer and television presenter. He has performed and recorded many different genres of music from rock to classics. He is the son of singer Jimmy Barnes.
Theatre career.
Campbell won his first major roles in the early to mid 1990s at venues including the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Theatre Company. In 1997, he travelled to New York to perform in cabaret, initially for a short run in a small cabaret room. However, after receiving glowing reviews from the New York press (Time Out New York claimed he was "creating the biggest buzz since Streisand"), he moved to the prestigious Rainbow & Stars room - becoming the youngest performer ever to headline at that venue.
David's New York success led to more high-profile roles in the USA, Australia and elsewhere, including in musicals such as "Les Misérables", "South Pacific", and "Guys and Dolls" - and in Cameron Mackintosh's Royal Command Performance "Hey, Mr. Producer!" in London. In 2000, he provided the singing voice for the character Joseph in DreamWorks' animated film "".
In 2001, Campbell took the major starring role in the Australian musical "Shout! The Legend of The Wild One", the story of 'The Wild One' - rocker Johnny O'Keefe. This production became a cultural phenomenon in Australia, and made Campbell a household name. Since becoming a successful recording artist, he has continued to make occasional stage appearances in Australia, in musicals such as "Carousel", Sunset Boulevard, and "Company".
Recording career.
David Campbell released his debut album in 1996, "Yesterday Is Now".
In 1997, David Campbell's second album was released, "Taking the Wheel".
In 2003, David released two mainstream singles, "Hope" and "When She's Gone". A full-length album "A Better Place" was planned but never materialized. 
In 2005, another single, "End of the World" was released.
In 2006, Campbell released "The Swing Sessions", an album produced by Chong Lim, covering 13 classic swing tracks such as "Mack the Knife", "Call Me Irresponsible", "Mr. Bojangles", and "Can't Take My Eyes Off You". Both this album, and "The Swing Sessions 2" (released in November 2007), achieved platinum sales and charted in the Top 10 of the Australian ARIA Albums Chart.
In 2008, David released "Good Lovin"', an album of songs from the 1960s which he described as 'blue-eyed soul'. This became his third platinum album, and again charted in the Australian Top 10. A live DVD of the accompanying "Good Lovin' Live" tour hit number one on the Australian DVD chart.
Campbell's next album, "On Broadway", was recorded at East West Studios in Los Angeles in January 2010, and produced by leading musical director Rob Fisher and veteran arranger Bill Elliott. "On Broadway" was released in Australia on 2 April 2010, with a tie-in television documentary "David Campbell On Broadway" airing on arts channel STVDIO the following day.
On 18 November 2011, an album of early 1980s music called "Let's Go" was released in Australia. 
In June 2014, David released "David Campbell Sings John Bucchino", an album recorded in Australia in May 2014 featuring John Bucchino playing piano. 
Television.
Campbell was a contestant on the third season of "Dancing with the Stars", where he was partnered with World Salsa Champion, Luda Kroitor. He has also featured on two series of the celebrity singing competition "It Takes Two" as a professional performer. He won the second series in 2007, with celebrity partner Jolene Anderson, an actress on Australian drama "All Saints". The pair received several scores of 10 and received perfect 10s from all four judges on one occasion.
He has also been a Red Faces judge on "Hey Hey It's Saturday", and had co-hosted the "The Morning Show" with Kylie Gillies on a number of occasions when Larry Emdur was away. It was his work filling in on "The Morning Show" that led to him being appointed co-host of "Mornings".
Campbell is currently co-host of "Mornings" with Sonia Kruger on the Nine Network. He is also a fill-in presenter for Karl Stefanovic on "Today".
Campbell co-hosted Vision Australia's Carols By Candlelight 2013 with Today show host Lisa Wilkinson.
Radio career.
Campbell started on smoothfm in May 2012. He is currently the host of weekend Afternoons (1pm - 4pm) on smoothfm 91.5 in Melbourne and smoothfm 95.3 in Sydney.
Adelaide Cabaret Festival.
Campbell was appointed Artistic Director of the Adelaide Cabaret Festival (the world's largest cabaret festival) in 2008, and his programming began with the June 2009 festival. This festival broke attendance and box office records, becoming the most successful Cabaret festival to date - records which were in turn broken by the 2010 and 2011 festivals. The 2011 Cabaret Festival was his last as Artistic Director; Kate Ceberano then took over the position.
Personal life.
David's father is Australian singer Jimmy Barnes, but he was raised by his maternal grandmother, to whom he has attributed his love of swing music. Campbell has performed with his father on numerous occasions, including on an episode of "Dancing with the Stars" and at Carols by Candlelight. They have also recorded duets for both Barnes's and Campbell's studio albums.
Campbell married British producer Lisa Hewitt at St Philip's Anglican Church in Sydney on Saturday 29 November 2008. The couple run their own company, "Luckiest Productions", through which they produce all of Campbell's national tours, as well as other music, cabaret and television projects. David and his wife Lisa welcomed their first child Leo Richard James Campbell on 3 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2921829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921829" title="Madeira firecrest">
Madeira firecrest

The Madeira firecrest, Madeira kinglet, or Madeiracrest ("Regulus madeirensis") is a very small passerine bird endemic to the island of Madeira. It is a member of the kinglet family. Before it was recognised as a separate species in 2003, it was classified as a subspecies of the common firecrest. It differs in appearance and vocalisations from its relative, and genetic analysis has confirmed it as a different species. The Madeiran bird has green upperparts, whitish underparts and two white wingbars, and a distinctive head pattern with a black eye stripe, short white supercilium, and a crest that is mainly orange in the male and yellow in the female.
The female Madeira firecrest builds a spherical nest from cobwebs, moss and small twigs, and she incubates the eggs and broods the chicks on her own. Both parents feed the young. This species forages for insects and other small invertebrates in tree heath, laurisilva and other woodland. It is common within its restricted range, and is not considered to be threatened.
Description.
The Madeira firecrest is a small plump bird, of length and weighing about . It has bright olive-green upperparts with a bronze-coloured patch on each shoulder, and whitish underparts washed with brownish grey on the breast and flanks. It has two white wingbars, a tiny black bill and brownish-black legs. The head pattern is striking, with a black eye stripe, white supercilium and a crest which is yellow in the female and mainly orange in the male. Juveniles have a grey tinge to the duller upperparts, and lack the crown and eye stripes and supercilium; by their first winter, only the flight and tail feathers remain unmoulted, and the young birds are virtually indistinguishable from the adults in the field. This kinglet usually hops with its body held horizontally, and its flight is weak and whirring, with occasional jinking.
Compared to the common firecrest, the Madeiran firecrest has a longer bill and legs, a shorter white supercilium, more black on the wings and a deeper golden-bronze shoulder patch; the male's crest is duller orange. Juveniles have plainer heads, lacking the dull supercilium shown by the young of the European species.
The vocalisations of Madeiran and common firecrests both consist of high-pitched notes, but the Madeiran bird has its song divided into three distinct parts, whereas that of the more widespread species just accelerates gradually and covers a much smaller frequency range. The calls of both species include high-pitched fine vocalisations "zuu zu-zi-zi", although the Madeiran firecrest also has a distinctive shrill "wheez" and a whistled "peep".
Taxonomy.
The kinglets are a small group of birds sometimes included in the Old World warblers, but frequently given family status, especially as recent research showed that, despite superficial similarities, the crests are taxonomically remote from the warblers. The names of the family, Regulidae, and its only genus, "Regulus", are derived from the Latin "regulus", a diminutive of "rex", "a king", and refer to the characteristic orange or yellow crests of adult kinglets. The species name "madeirensis" is derived from the island on which this bird is found. The Madeira firecrest was first described by English naturalist Edward Vernon Harcourt in 1851. Until recently, it was considered to be a subspecies, "R. i. madeirensis", of the common firecrest "R. ignicapillus". A phylogenetic analysis based on the cytochrome b gene showed that the Madeiran form is distinct at the species level from the firecrest nominate subspecies "R. i. ignicapillus". Cytochrome "b" gene divergence between the Madeira firecrest and the European bird is 8.5%, comparable with the divergence level between other recognised "Regulus" species, such as the 9% between the goldcrest and the golden-crowned kinglet. The split was accepted by the Association of European Rarities Committees (AERC) in 2003, but some authorities, such as Clements, have not yet recognised the new species. The International Ornithological Congress' recommended English name for this species was "Madeiracrest", but this has been changed to "Madeira firecrest".
The songs of the four subspecies of common firecrest (nominate "R. i. ignicapillus", Mediterranean "R. i. balearicus", southeastern "R. i. caucasicus" and North African "R. i. laeneni") show a number of different song forms, but in general are very similar to each other, whereas the Madeiran firecrest has only one song type, which is divided into three phrases, two of them consisting of modified display and anger calls. Its display calls use a larger frequency range and more harmonics than the continental subspecies. Male common firecrests do not show a territorial response to recordings of the songs or calls of the Madeiran taxon, although Madeiran firecrests do react strongly to playback of the calls of the mainland birds. The island form was recognized as a separate species on the basis of differences from the mainland form in morphology, vocalisations, and genetics.
The Atlantic archipelagos of the Canaries, Azores, and Madeira have a volcanic origin and they have never been part of a continent. The formation of Madeira started in the Miocene and the island was substantially complete 700,000 years ago. In the distant past the major islands of these archipelagos were all colonised by "Regulus" species, which evolved on their respective islands isolated from mainland populations. The firecrest descendant evolved in Madeira and goldcrest subspecies evolved on the other islands. Cytochrome "b" gene divergence between common firecrests from Europe and Madeira firecrests suggests an evolutionary separation roughly 4 million years ago, considerably earlier than the 2.2 million years ago maximum estimate for the goldcrest radiations in the Canaries and Azores.
Distribution and habitat.
The Madeira firecrest is endemic to the main island of Madeira. It occurs mainly at higher levels from 600–1,550 m (1,950–4,900 ft) in all types of forests and scrub, but with a preference for tree heaths. Although it is strongly adapted to endemic tree heaths, it also breeds in broom, relict laurel forest, oak-dominated deciduous forest and stands of the introduced Japanese cedar, "Cryptomeria japonica". It is absent from the alien eucalyptus and acacia plantations which have replaced much of the endemic Madeiran laurel forest.
Behaviour.
Breeding.
The male Madeira firecrest sings during the breeding season, often with its crest raised, and has a display which involves pointing its bill at another bird, showing the crest and strong face pattern. This differs from the display of the plainer-faced goldcrest, which bows its head to emphasize the crest. The Madeira firecrest is monogamous. As is typical for the family, the nest is a closed cup built in three layers with a small entrance hole near its top. The nest's outer layer is made from moss, small twigs, cobwebs and lichen, the spider webs also being used to attach the nest to the thin branches that support it. The middle layer is moss, and this is lined with feathers (up to 3,000) and hair. It is constructed by the female alone, although the male will accompany the female while she builds the nest over a period of a few days to three weeks.
The eggs are described as like those of a "Phylloscopus" warbler (white with some brown speckles), unlike the eggs of the common firecrest, which are pink with very indistinct reddish markings at the broad end. The clutch size is unknown, but believed to be smaller than the 7–12 of the nominate race of common firecrest. The female incubates the eggs for 14.5 to 16.5 days to hatching, and broods the chicks, which fledge 19 to 20 days after hatching. Both parents feed the chicks and fledged young.
Feeding.
All "Regulus" species are almost exclusively insectivorous, preying on small arthropods with soft cuticles, such as springtails, aphids and spiders. They also feed on the cocoons and eggs of spiders and insects, and occasionally take pollen. The Madeira firecrest feeds in trees, exploiting mainly the upper surface of branches in coniferous habitat and of leaves in deciduous trees. This is in contrast to the goldcrest, which frequently feeds on the undersides of branches and leaves. The Madeira firecrest also forages in the moss and lichen which often covers the branches and trunks of laurel and oak trees.
Predators and parasites.
The limited species diversity of Madeira means that there are relatively few potential predators. Of the three birds of prey, the common buzzard and common kestrel take mainly mammalian prey; however, the dark Macaronesian subspecies of the Eurasian sparrowhawk, "Accipiter nisus granti", is a specialist predator of woodland birds.
Other than bats, there are no native land mammals, although there are a number of introduced species, two of which will take birds or chicks. These are brown rats and feral domestic cats. Even the high mountain nest sites of the endangered Zino's petrel are at risk from these predators.
Data on specific parasites of the Madeira firecrest is lacking, but the widespread flea "Dasypsyllus gallinulae" has been recorded in a related "Regulus" species, and significant infection by non-native pathogens such as avian pox and avian malaria has been detected in another Macaronesian bird, the Berthelot's pipit.
Status.
The Madeira firecrest's range consists of a single island, on which it appears to be fairly common to very common, although its population has not been evaluated. It is therefore classed as least concern on the IUCN Red List. It may be declining because of fragmentation and loss of native forest habitat, but its ability to occupy plantations of some of the non-native tree species has ameliorated this factor to some extent.

</doc>
<doc id="2921830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921830" title="Tom Marshall (poet)">
Tom Marshall (poet)

Thomas Archibald Marshall (9 April 1938 in Niagara Falls, Ontario – 1993 in Kingston, Ontario) was a Canadian poet and novelist. He received his MA at Queen's University in 1965, writing his thesis on poet A. M. Klein, and taught there from 1964 until his death. Marshall was the author of "The Elements: Poems 1960–1975" (1980), an interlocking cycle of four poetry collections, and the novels "Rosemary Goal" (1978) and "Adele at the End of the Day" (1987).
References.
Tom Marshall homepage [http://www.davidhelwig.com/marshall.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="2921833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921833" title="Battle of Fort Royal">
Battle of Fort Royal

The Battle of Fort Royal was a naval battle fought off Fort Royal, Martinique in the West Indies during the American War of Independence on 29 April 1781 between fleets of the British Royal Navy and the French Navy. After an engagement lasting four hours, the British squadron under Sir Samuel Hood broke off and retreated. De Grasse offered a desultory chase before seeing the French convoys safely to port.
Background.
In March 1781, a large French fleet under the command of Comte de Grasse left the port of Brest. Most of this fleet was destined for the West Indies; of the 26 ships of the line, one was sent to North America, and five, under the command of the Bailli de Suffren, were destined for India. The remaining twenty arrived off Martinique on April 28. Before passing to the lee (western) side of the island, de Grasse anchored the fleet and sent someone ashore for news. He learned that a British fleet of 17 ships of the line under Samuel Hood was blockading Fort Royal, preventing the four French ships in anchored there from leaving.
Hood was under orders from the fleet's station commander, Admiral George Brydges Rodney, to maintain the blockade of the port on the lee side, in spite of his protestations that this would put him at a disadvantage in any action involving an arriving fleet. While he was disadvantaged by the position and his inferior strength, all of his ships had coppered bottoms (improving their performance), and he was not burdened with the responsibility of escorting a convoy.
Battle.
De Grasse ordered his fleet to prepare for action on the morning of April 29, and sailed for Fort Royal with the convoy ships hugging the coast, and the armed ships in battle line. Hood's fleet was spotted around 8 am, slowly bearing toward them, but de Grasse held the weather gage. At about 9:20, Hood was joined by the "Prince William", a 64-gun ship that had been at St. Lucia. The two fleets then continued to maneuver for advantage, but Hood's leeward position meant he was unable to prevent de Grasse from bringing the convoy to harbor, and the meeting of de Grasse's fleet and the four blockaded ships. Around 11:00, de Grasse's van began firing at long range, with no effect. By 12:30 the two fleets were aligned, but de Grasse refused to take advantage of the weather gage to close with Hood, in spite of Hood's efforts to bring the French to him. The fleets then exchanged cannonades and broadsides for the next hour, but at long range, the damage incurred was modest. The four British ships on the southern end of the line suffered the most damage, since they were targeted by eight French ships. Hood finally drew away toward St. Lucia.
Aftermath.
Hood dispatched the "Russell", which had been holed below the waterline to St. Eustatius for repairs, and to bring news of the action to Admiral Rodney. Hood spent the next day in fruitless attempts to gain the windward, and eventually made sail to the north. He met Rodney on May 11 between St. Kitts and Antigua, the latter having left St. Eustatius on May 5.
Reports of French casualties vary considerably, from as few as 74 killed and wounded to more than 250.
Order of battle.
British fleet.
British order of battle as provided by Clowes, p. 482.

</doc>
<doc id="2921834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921834" title="Catania Astrophysical Observatory">
Catania Astrophysical Observatory

The Catania Astrophysical Observatory () is an astronomical observatory in Catania, southern Italy. It is operated by Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica (National Institute for Astrophysics, INAF).

</doc>
<doc id="2921836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921836" title="SS Exodus">
SS Exodus

Exodus 1947 was a ship that carried Jewish emigrants from France to British Mandatory Palestine on July 11, 1947. Most of the emigrants were Holocaust survivors who had no legal immigration certificates for Palestine. Following wide media coverage, the British Royal Navy seized the ship and deported all its passengers back to Europe.
The ship was formerly the packet steamer SS "President Warfield" for the Baltimore Steam Packet Company. From the ship's launch in 1928 until 1942, it carried passengers and freight between Norfolk, Virginia and Baltimore, Maryland in the United States. During World War II, it served both the Royal Navy and the United States Navy; for the latter as USS "President Warfield" (IX-169).
Background.
After World War II, millions of Europeans were living under guard and behind barbed wire fences and without adequate medical care and other services in "displaced persons" camps within Germany and Austria. European Jews then began organizing an underground network known as the Brichah ("flight," in Hebrew), which moved thousands of Jews from the camps to ports on the Mediterranean Sea, so they could then be sent to Palestine by ship. This was part of what was known as Aliyah Bet or the "illegal immigration fleet," which were a series of attempts by European Jews to immigrate illegally to Palestine before and after World War II. Originally the European Jews arranged transport to Palestine themselves. Later, they requested and received financial and other support from sympathizers elsewhere in the world. The boats were largely staffed by volunteers from the United States, Canada and Latin America. Over 100,000 people tried to illegally immigrate to Palestine, as part of Aliyah Bet.
The British, who were then responsible for administering Palestine, vehemently opposed this kind of large-scale immigration. Displaced person camps run by American, French and Italian officials often turned a blind eye to the situation, with only British officials restricting movement in and out of their camps. In 1945, the British reaffirmed the pre-war policy restricting Jewish immigration to Palestine which had been put in place following the influx of a quarter of a million Jews fleeing the rise of Nazism in the 1930s and had been a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–1939. The British then prepared a massive naval and military force to turn back the refugees. Over half of 142 voyages were stopped by British patrols, and most intercepted immigrants were sent to internment camps in Cyprus, the Atlit detention camp in Palestine, and to Mauritius. About 50,000 people ended up in camps, more than 1,600 drowned at sea, and only a few thousand actually entered Palestine.
The "Exodus 1947" was the largest Aliyah Bet ship carrying the largest-ever number of illegal immigrants to Palestine and its name and story received a lot of international attention. The incident took place near the end of Aliyah Bet and towards the end of the British mandate, after which Britain withdrew its forces and the state of Israel was established. Historians say "Exodus 1947" helped unify the Jewish community of Palestine and the Holocaust-survivor refugees in Europe as well as significantly deepening international sympathy for the plight of Holocaust survivors and rallying support for the idea of a Jewish state. One called the story of the "Exodus 1947" a "spectacular publicity coup for the Zionists."
Early history.
The 330-foot ship was built in 1927 by Pusey and Jones Corp., Wilmington, Delaware, for the Baltimore Steam Packet Company. Initially named "President Warfield", for Baltimore Steam Packet Company president S. Davies Warfield (the uncle of the Duchess of Windsor), it carried passengers and freight on the Chesapeake Bay between Baltimore, Maryland and Norfolk, Virginia from 1928 until July 12, 1942, when the ship was acquired by the War Shipping Administration (WSA) and converted to a transport craft for the British Ministry of War Transport. 
Manned by a British merchant crew led by Capt. J. R. Williams, it departed St. John’s, Newfoundland on September 21, 1942, along with other small passenger steamers bound for the United Kingdom. Attacked by a German submarine west of Ireland on September 25, the ship evaded one torpedo and reached Belfast, Northern Ireland after the scattering of its convoy. In Britain, it served as a barracks and training ship on the River Torridge at Instow.
Returned by Britain, it joined the U.S. Navy as "President Warfield" on May 21, 1944. In July it served as a station and accommodations ship at Omaha Beach at Normandy. Following duty in England and on the Seine River, it arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, July 25, 1945, and left active Navy service September 13. "President Warfield" was struck from the U.S. Naval Vessel Register on October 11 and returned to the War Shipping Administration on November 14.
Voyage preparations.
On November 9, 1946, using the Potomac Shipwrecking Co. of Washington, D.C. as its agent, the Jewish paramilitary organization Haganah bought "President Warfield" from the WSA and transferred control of it to Hamossad Le'aliyah Bet, the branch of the Haganah that organized Aliyah Bet activities. 
The British had recently announced that they would begin deporting illegal immigrants to Cyprus rather than Atlit, whereupon Aliyah Bet organizers decided immigrants should begin resisting capture. The "President Warfield" was well-suited for that, because it was fast, sturdy enough to not easily overturn, made of steel which would help it withstand ramming, and was taller than the British destroyers which would be trying to board it. 
The ship was also chosen because of its derelict condition. It was risky to put passengers on it and it was felt this would compel the British to let it pass blockade because of this danger or put the British in a bad light internationally. 
All "illegal immigration" ships were renamed with Hebrew names designed to inspire and rally the Jews of Palestine and Hamossad Le'aliyah Bet renamed "President Warfield" to "Exodus 1947" (and, in Hebrew, "Yetz'iat (sic) Tasbaz", or "Yetzi'at Eiropa Tashaz," "Flight from Europe 5707") after the biblical Jewish exodus from Egypt to Canaan. The name was proposed by Israeli politician and military figure Moshe Sneh, who at the time headed illegal immigration for the Jewish Agency, and was later described by Israel's second Prime Minister Moshe Sharett (then Shertok) as "a stroke of genius, a name which by itself, says more than anything which has ever been written about it."
For months, teams of Palestinians and Americans worked on the "Exodus 1947" with the goal of making it harder for the British to take over the ship. Metal pipes, designed to spray out steam and boiling oil, were installed around the ship's perimeter. Lower decks were covered in nets and barbed wire. The machine room, steam room, wheel house and radio room were covered in wire and reinforced to prevent entry by British soldiers.
The "President Warfield" left Baltimore February 25, 1947 and headed for the Mediterranean.
Voyage to Palestine.
According to Israeli historian Aviva Halamish, the "Exodus 1947" was never meant to "sneak out toward the shores of Palestine," but rather "to burst openly through the blockade, by dodging and swiftly nipping through, beaching herself on a sand bank and letting off her cargo of immigrants at the beach." The ship was too large and unusual to go unnoticed.
Indeed, even as people began boarding the ship at the port of Sète near Marseilles, a British RAF plane was circling overhead and a British Royal Navy warship was waiting a short distance out at sea.
The "Exodus 1947" left Sète sometime between two and four in the morning of July 11, flying a Honduran flag and claiming to be headed for Istanbul. It was carrying 4,515 passengers including 1,600 men, 1,282 women, and 1,672 children and teenagers. Palmach (Haganah's military wing) skipper Ike Aronowicz was its captain and Haganah commissioner Yossi Harel was commander.
As it left the port, the Exodus was shadowed by the sloop HMS Mermaid and by RAF aircraft. Later, the Mermaid was relieved by the destroyer HMS Cheviot. 
On the first evening of its voyage, the Exodus reported that a destroyer had tried to communicate with it but that it had not replied. Through its journey, the ship was followed by between one and five British destroyers as well as an airplane and a cruiser.
During the journey, the people on the "Exodus 1947" prepared to be intercepted. The ship was divided into sections staffed by different groups and each went through practice resistance sessions.
The ship was loaded with enough supplies to last two weeks. Passengers were given cooked meals, hot drinks, soup, and one liter of drinking water daily. They did their washing in salt water. The ship had only 13 lavatories. A British military doctor, inspecting the ship after the battle, said that it was badly over-crowded, but that hygiene was satisfactory and the ship appeared well prepared to cope with casualties. Several babies were born during the week-long journey. One woman, Paula Abramowitz, died in childbirth. Her infant son died a few weeks later, in Haifa.
The British finally boarded the ship on July 18, some from the Palestinian shore. Boarding it was difficult, and was challenged by the passengers and Haganah members on board. One crew member and two passengers died of gunshot wounds. Two British sailors were treated afterwards for fractured scapula, and one for a head injury and lacerated ear. About ten Exodus passengers and crew were treated for mild injuries resulting from the boarding, and about 200 were treated for illnesses and maladies unrelated to it.
Due to the high profile of the "Exodus 1947" emigration ship it was decided by the British government that the emigrants were to be deported back to France. Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin suggested this and the request was relayed to General Sir Alan Cunningham, High Commissioner for Palestine, who agreed with the plan after consulting the Navy. Before then, intercepted would-be immigrants were placed in internment camps on Cyprus, which was at the time a British colony. This new policy was meant to be a signal to both the Jewish community and the European countries which assisted immigration that whatever they sent to Palestine would be sent back to them.
"Not only should it clearly establish the principle of REFOULEMENT as applies to a complete shipload of immigrants, but it will be most discouraging to the organisers of this traffic if the immigrants... end up by returning whence they came."
Return to France.
The British sailed the commandeered ship into Haifa port, where its passengers were transferred to three more seaworthy deportation ships, "Runnymede Park", "Ocean Vigour" and "Empire Rival". The event was witnessed by members of UNSCOP. These ships left Haifa harbour on July 19 for Port-de-Bouc. Foreign Secretary Bevin insisted that the French get their ship back as well as its passengers.
When the ships arrived at Port-de-Bouc near Marseilles on August 2, the French Government said it would allow disembarkation of the passengers only if it was voluntary on their part. Haganah agents, both on board the ships and using launches with loudspeakers, encouraged the passengers not to disembark. Thus the emigrants refused to disembark and the French refused to cooperate with British attempts at forced disembarkation. This left the British with the best option of returning the passengers to Germany. Realizing that they were not bound for Cyprus, the emigrants conducted a 24-hour hunger strike and refused to cooperate with the British authorities.
Meier Schwarz managed to sneak into the Ocean Vigour as an Haganah officer.
But the British government had no intention of backing down or relaxing its policy.
During this time, Jewish representatives encouraged the passengers to resist the British and accuse them of perceived insults. Media coverage of the contest of wills put pressure on the British to find a solution. The matter also came to the attention of the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine (UNSCOP) members who had been deliberating in Geneva. After three weeks, during which time the prisoners on the ships held steady in difficult conditions, rejecting offers of alternative destinations, the ships were sailed to Hamburg, Germany, which was then in the British occupation zone.
Operation Oasis.
Documents released from the British archives show that after much soul-searching the British concluded that the only place they could send the Jews was to the British-controlled zone of post-war Germany, where they would be held in camps and screened for extremists; they realized that returning the "Exodus 1947" passengers to camps in Germany would elicit a public outcry, but concluded that Germany was the only territory under their control that could immediately accommodate so many people. 
Britain's impossible position was summed up by John Coulson, a diplomat at the British Embassy in Paris, in a message to the Foreign Office in London in August 1947: "You will realize that an announcement of decision to send immigrants back to Germany will produce violent hostile outburst in the press... Our opponents in France, and I dare say in other countries, have made great play with the fact that these immigrants were being kept behind barbed wire, in concentration camps and guarded by Germans." Coulson advised that Britain apply as best they could a counter-spin to the story: "If we decide it is convenient not to keep them in camps any longer, I suggest that we should make some play that we are releasing them from all restraint of this kind in accordance with their wishes and that they were only put in such accommodation for the preliminary necessities of screening and maintenance." The mission of bringing the Jewish refugees of the "Exodus 1947" back to Germany was known in diplomatic and military circles as "Operation Oasis."
Disembarkation.
On August 22 a Foreign Office cable warned diplomats that they should be ready to emphatically deny that the Jews were to be housed in former concentration camps after they were offloaded in Germany and that German guards will not be used to keep the Jews in the refugee camps. It further added that British guards will be withdrawn once the Jews have been screened.
The "Exodus 1947" passengers were successfully taken off the vessels in Germany. Relations between the British personnel on the ships and the passengers was afterwards said by the passengers to have been mostly amicable. Everyone realized there was going to be trouble at the forced disembarkation beforehand and some of the Jewish passengers even apologized in advance for this. A number were injured in confrontations with British troops that involved the use of batons and fire hoses. The would-be immigrants were sent back to DP camps in Am Stau near Lübeck and Pöppendorf. Although most of the women and children disembarked voluntarily, the men had to be carried off by force.
By the time they had docked at Hamburg, many of the refugees were in a defiant mood. When they first set out on their historic quest, they had believed they were days away from arriving at a Jewish homeland. The prospect of being sent to camps in Germany represented a pitiful failure of their original mission and for many of the Holocaust survivors, it was almost impossible to bear. The British had identified one of the ships, the "Runnymede Park", as the vessel most likely to cause them trouble. A confidential report of the time noted:
"It was known that the Jews on the "Runnymede" Park were under the leadership of a young, capable and energetic fanatic, Morenci Miry Rosman, and throughout the operation it had been realised that this ship might give trouble."
One hundred military police and 200 soldiers of the Sherwood Foresters were ordered to board the ship and eject the Jewish immigrants.
The officer in charge of the operation, Lt. Col. Gregson, later gave a very frank assessment of the success of the storming of the ship, which, according to a secret minute, left up to 33 Jews, including four women, injured in the fighting. Sixty-eight Jews were held in custody to be put on trial for unruly behaviour. Only three soldiers were hurt. Gregson later admitted that he had considered using tear gas against the immigrants. He concluded:
"The Jew is liable to panic and 800-900 Jews fighting to get up a stairway to escape tear smoke could have produced a deplorable business." He added: "It is a very frightening thing to go into the hold full of yelling maniacs when outnumbered six or eight to one." Describing the assault, the officer wrote to his superiors: "After a very short pause, with a lot of yelling and female screams, every available weapon up to a biscuit and bulks of timber was hurled at the soldiers. They withstood it admirably and very stoically till the Jews assaulted and in the first rush several soldiers were downed with half a dozen Jews on top kicking and tearing ... No other troops could have done it as well and as humanely as these British ones did." He concluded: "It should be borne in mind that the guiding factor in most of the actions of the Jews is to gain the sympathy of the world press."
One of the official observers who witnessed the violence was Dr. Noah Barou, secretary of the British section of the World Jewish Congress, who had 35 years experience of reporting. He gave the Jewish side of the fighting.
He described young soldiers beating Holocaust survivors as a "terrible mental picture".
"They went into the operation as a football match ... and it seemed evident that they had not had it explained to them that they were dealing with people who had suffered a lot and who are resisting in accordance with their convictions." He noted: "People were usually hit in the stomach and this in my opinion explains that many people who did not show any signs of injury were staggering and moving very slowly along the staircase giving the impression that they were half-starved and beaten up."
"When the people walked off the ship, many of them, especially younger people, were shouting to the troops 'Hitler commandos', 'gentleman fascists', 'sadists'."
Dr Barou was "especially impressed" by one young girl who "came to the top of the stairs and shouted to the soldiers, 'I am from Dachau.' And when they did not react she shouted 'Hitler commandos'."
While the British could find no evidence of excessive force, they conceded that in one case a Jew "was dragged down the gangway by the feet with his head bumping on the wooden slats".
Security fears seemed justified after the Jews were removed when a homemade bomb with a timed fuse was found on the "Empire Rival". It was apparently rigged to detonate after the Jews had been removed, the cables indicate.
Camp conditions.
The treatment of the refugees at the camps caused an international outcry after it was claimed that the conditions could be likened to German concentration camps.
Dr Barou was once again on hand to witness events. He reported that conditions at Camp Poppendorf were poor and claimed that it was being run by a German camp commandant. That was denied by the British.
It turned out that Barou's reports had been untrue. There was no German commandant or guards but there were German staff carrying out duties inside the camp, in accordance with the standard British military practice of using locally-employed civilians for non-security related duties.
But the Jewish allegations of cruel and insensitive treatment would not go away and on 6 October 1947 the Foreign Office sent a telegram to the British commanders in the region demanding to know whether the camps really were surrounded with barbed wire and guarded by German staff.
Final destination.
A telegram written by Jewish leaders of the camps on 20 October 1947 makes clear the wishes and determination of the refugees to find a home in Palestine:
The would-be immigrants to Palestine were housed in Nissen huts and tents at Poppendorf and Am Stau (near Lübeck) but inclement weather made the tents unsuitable. The DPs were then moved in November 1947 to Sengwarden near Wilhelmshaven and Emden. For many of the illegal immigrants this was only a transit point as the Brichah managed to smuggle most of them into the U.S. zone, from where they again attempted to enter Palestine. Most had successfully reached Palestine by the time of the Israeli Declaration of Independence. Of the 4,500 would-be immigrants to Palestine there were only 1,800 remaining in the two “Exodus” camps by April 1948.
Within a year, over half of the original Exodus 1947 passengers had made other attempts at emigrating to Palestine, which ended in detention in Cyprus. Britain continued to hold the detainees of the Cyprus internment camps until it formally recognized the State of Israel in January 1949, when they were transferred to Israel.
Historical importance.
The United Nations Special Committee on Palestine also covered the events. Some of its members were even present at Haifa port when the emigrants were removed from their ship onto the deportation ships and later commented that this strong image helped them press for an immediate solution for Jewish immigration and the question of Palestine.
The ship's ordeals were widely covered by international media, and caused the British government much public embarrassment, especially after the refugees were forced to disembark in Germany.
The resting place of the "Exodus".
After the historic voyage in 1947, the damaged former "President Warfield" aka "Exodus", like many other "Aliyah Bet" ships, was moored to a breakwater in Haifa port as a derelict and forgotten. The creation of the State of Israel in 1948 brought massive immigration of European Jewish refugees from displaced persons camps to Israel. Almost simultaneously, Arab countries expelled 600,000 Jews, who arrived in the new state. There was little time or money to focus on the meaning of the "Exodus". Abba Koushi, the Mayor of Haifa, proposed in 1950 that the "Ship that Launched a Nation" should be restored and converted into a floating museum of the Aliyah Bet — the story of the clandestine or the illegal immigration of Jews to Palestine. During the process of restoring the ship that had been left decaying in the port, an unexplained accident occurred and the "Exodus" burned to the waterline August 26, 1952. Her hulk was towed and scuttled north of the Kishon River near Shemen Beach. It was raised in 1963 and scrapped by an Italian firm. In 1964 a salvage effort was made to raise her steel hull for scrap. The effort failed and she sank again. In 1974 another effort was made to raise her wreck for salvage. She was refloated and was being towed toward the Kishon River when she sank again. Parts of the "Exodus"'s hull remained visible as a home for fish and destination for fishermen until the mid-2000s. Then the Port of Haifa unceremoniously built its modern container ship quay extensions on top of the wreck. The quay where the wreck is buried is a security zone and is not accessible today.
Historical markers or plaques exist for the "Exodus" in France, Germany, Italy and the United States. There are no memorials or markers specific to the "Exodus" in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="2921841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921841" title="Art Fletcher">
Art Fletcher

Arthur Fletcher (January 5, 1885 – February 6, 1950) was an American shortstop, manager and coach in Major League Baseball. Fletcher was associated with two New York City baseball dynasties: the Giants of John McGraw as a player; and the Yankees of Miller Huggins and Joe McCarthy as a coach.
Career.
Born in Collinsville, Illinois, Fletcher came to the Giants in and became the club's regular shortstop two years later. He played in four World Series while performing for McGraw (1911, 1912, 1913 and 1917). Traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in the midst of the season, he retired after the 1922 campaign with 1,534 hits and a .277 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed. Fletcher is the Giants' career leader in being hit by pitches (132) and ranks 21st on the MLB career list (141) for the same statistic.
In he replaced Kaiser Wilhelm as manager of the seventh-place Phillies and led the club through four losing seasons, bookended by last-place finishes in 1923 and 1926. In October 1926, he was replaced by Stuffy McInnis. 
Fletcher then began a 19-year tenure (1927–45) as a coach for the Yankees, where, beginning with the team, he would participate on ten American League pennant winners and nine World Series champions. On a tragic note, he served as the acting manager of Yankees for the last 11 games of the season when Huggins was fatally stricken with erysipelas. He won six of those 11 games, to compile a career major league managing record of 237-383 (.382).
Fletcher retired after the 1945 season and died from a heart attack in 1950 in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 65.
Arthur Fletcher Field, located in Collinsville, Illinois, is named for him. The field is home of the Collinsville High School Kahoks, the Collinsville Miners American Legion team, and the Collinsville Herr Travelers junior legion team.

</doc>
<doc id="2921856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921856" title="William Russell (Kentucky)">
William Russell (Kentucky)

Colonel William Russell III (March 6, 1758 – July 3, 1825) was a soldier, pioneer, and politician from Virginia and Kentucky.
He was born in Culpeper County, Virginia to William Russell and Tabitha (Adams) Russell. William Russell, Sr., was a prominent citizen of southwestern Virginia and a colonel in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. In 1773, the elder Russell took his family, including William Jr., westward in the first attempt by British colonists to establish a permanent settlement in Kentucky. The expedition, guided by Daniel Boone, was abandoned after an attack by American Indians. Boone's son James and Henry Russell, brother of William Russell, Jr., were captured and tortured to death in the attack.
During the Revolutionary War, William Russell, Jr., fought as a captain in the Virginia militia, taking part in the Battle of Kings Mountain as an aide to Colonel William Campbell. After the war he relocated to Kentucky, settling in 1783 in Fayette County on land that had been granted to his father for military service.
He served as a colonel of Kentucky militia in the Northwest Indian War. During the War of 1812, he was colonel of the 7th Infantry Regiment, taking part in the Siege of Fort Harrison and the Peoria War.
Russell served in the Virginia state House of Representatives in 1790 and 1791 and in the Kentucky house in 1792, 1796-1780, 1802, and 1823.
Russell County, Kentucky is named for him, but Russellville, Kentucky and Russell County, Virginia are named for his father.

</doc>
<doc id="2921861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921861" title="Queyras">
Queyras

The Queyras () is a valley located in the French Hautes-Alpes, of which the geographical extent is the basin of the river Guil, a tributary of the Durance. The Queyras is one of the oldest mountain ranges of the Alps, and it was one of the last ones to be opened to public tourism towards the end of the 20th century, thus being relatively untouched by environmental destruction.
Notable mountains around the valley include: 
There are two passes leading into the valley:

</doc>
<doc id="2921872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921872" title="Battle of St. Lucia">
Battle of St. Lucia

The Battle of St. Lucia or the Battle of the Cul de Sac was a naval battle fought off the island of St. Lucia in the West Indies during the American War of Independence on 15 December 1778, between the British Royal Navy and the French Navy.
Background.
On 7 September 1778, the French governor of Martinique, the marquis de Bouillé, surprised and captured the British island of Dominica. On 4 November, French Admiral Jean Baptiste Charles Henri Hector. comte d'Estaing sailed for the West Indies from the port of Boston. On that same day, Commodore William Hotham was dispatched from Sandy Hook, New York, to reinforce the British fleet in the West Indies. Hotham sailed with "five men of war, a bomb vessel, some frigates, and a large convoy." The convoy Hotham was escorting consisted of 59 transports carrying 5,000 British soldiers under Major General Grant. The French fleet was blown off course by a violent storm, preventing it from arriving in the Caribbean ahead of the British. Admiral Samuel Barrington, the British naval commander stationed on the Leeward Islands, joined the newly arrived Commodore Hotham on 10 December at the island of Barbados. Grant's men were not permitted to disembark and spent the next several days aboard their transports. Barrington and Hotham sailed for the island of St. Lucia on the morning of 12 December.
On the evening of 13 December and morning of 14 December, Major General James Grant, supported by additional troops under Brigadier General William Medows and Brigadier General Robert Prescott, landed at Grand Cul de Sac, St. Lucia. Grant and Prescott took control of the high ground around the bay, while Medows continued on and took Vigie the following morning (14 December). On 14 December the French fleet under d’Estaing arrived, forcing Admiral Barrington to move his ships into line of battle and forego his plan of moving the transports into Carénage Bay. Admiral Barrington had the following ships at his disposal:
Admiral d'Estaing's fleet was composed of the following ships:
Naval engagement.
Admiral Barrington was alerted to the presence of the French fleet by the frigate "Ariadne". He organised his line of battle such that "Isis" and his three frigates ("Venus", "Aurora", and "Ariadne") were close to shore guarding the windward approach, and he placed his flagship, "Prince of Wales", toward the leeward. Barrington placed his transports inside the bay but behind his battle line. Barrington’s defensive strategy took him the entire night of 14 December, and by 1100 hours 15 December, most of the transports had been safely tucked behind his line.
At 1100 hours 15 December Admiral d’Estaing approached St. Lucia with ten ships of the line, and was fired on by one of the shore batteries. D’Estaing then moved to engage Barrington from the rear, and a “warm conflict” raged between the two fleets, with the British supported by two shore batteries. D’Estaing was repulsed but succeeded in reforming his line of battle. At 1600 hours d’Estaing renewed his assault by attacking Barrington’s centre with twelve ships of the line. Again, heavy fire was exchanged. and the French were eventually repulsed for a second time.
Outcome.
On 16 December Admiral d’Estaing appeared to be preparing for a third assault against Admiral Barrington’s line, but then sailed away towards the windward. On the evening of 16 December d’Estaing anchored in Gros Islet Bay with "ten frigates and twelve sail of the line, &c." Admiral d’Estaing’s failure to break Barrington’s line on 15 December spelled doom for the local French garrison, which surrendered on 28 December.

</doc>
<doc id="2921887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921887" title="Piera Observatory">
Piera Observatory

Piera Observatory ("Observatori Astronomic de Piera") is an astronomical observatory located in Piera, Catalonia, with the IAU observatory code 165.
It takes part in the Unicorn Project with the Ametlla de Mar Observatory and Costitx Observatory. One of its first discoveries was the asteroid (by Joan Guarro), now 13868 Catalonia. Josep Comas Solá's discovery, nearly 70 years earlier, of 1930 SB was initially supposed to be named "Catalonia", but political pressure from the Francoist regime then in power made this impossible. Solá finally named it 1188 Gothlandia instead, from the ancient Frankish name for Catalonia, "Gothland" or "Gotia".

</doc>
<doc id="2921889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921889" title="Ciaran Carson">
Ciaran Carson

Ciaran Gerard Carson (born 9 October 1948) is a Belfast, Northern Ireland-born poet and novelist.
Early years.
Ciaran Carson was born in Belfast into an Irish-speaking family. He attended St Marys CBGS Belfast before proceeding to Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) to read for a degree in English.
After graduation, he worked for over twenty years as the Traditional Arts Officer of the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. In 1998 he was appointed a Professor of English at QUB where he established, and is the current Director of, the Seamus Heaney Centre for Poetry. He resides in Belfast.
Work.
His collections of poetry include "The Irish for No" (1987), winner of the Alice Hunt Bartlett Award; "Belfast Confetti" (1990), which won the Irish Times' Irish Literature Prize for Poetry; and "First Language: Poems" (1993), winner of the T. S. Eliot Prize. His prose includes "The Star Factory" (1997) and "Fishing for Amber" (1999). His most recent novel, "Shamrock Tea" (2001), explores themes present in Jan van Eyck's painting The Arnolfini Marriage. His translation of Dante's "Inferno" was published in November 2002. "Breaking News", (2003), won the Forward Poetry Prize (Best Poetry Collection of the Year) and a Cholmondeley Award. His translation of Brian Merriman's "The Midnight Court" came out in 2006. "For All We Know" was published in 2008, and his "Collected Poems" were published in Ireland in 2008, and in North America in 2009. 
He is also an accomplished musician, and the author of "Last Night's Fun: About Time, Food and Music" (1996), a study of Irish traditional music. He writes a bi-monthly column on traditional Irish music for "The Journal of Music". In 2007 his translation of the early Irish epic "Táin Bó Cúailnge", called "The Táin", was published by Penguin Classics. 
Critical Perspective.
Carson has managed an unusual marriage in his work between the Irish vernacular story-telling tradition and the witty elusive mock-pedantic scholarship of Paul Muldoon. (Muldoon also combines both modes). In a trivial sense, what differentiates them is line length. As Carol Rumens has pointed out 'Before the 1987 publication of "The Irish for No", Carson was a quiet, solid worker in the groves of Heaney. But at that point he rebelled into language, set free by a rangy "long line" that has been attributed variously to the influence of C. K. Williams, Louis MacNeice and traditional music'.
Carson's first book was "The New Estate" (1976). In the ten years before "The Irish for No" (1987) he perfected a new style which effects a unique fusion of traditional story telling with postmodernist devices. The first poem in "The Irish for No", the tour-de-force 'Dresden' parades his new technique. Free ranging allusion is the key. The poem begins in shabby bucolic:
It takes five pages to get to Dresden, the protagonist having joined the RAF as an escape from rural and then urban poverty. In Carson everything is rooted in the everyday, so the destruction of Dresden evokes memories of a particular Dresden shepherdess he had on the mantelpiece as a child and the destruction is described in terms of 'an avalanche of porcelain, sluicing and cascading'.
Like Muldoon's, Carson's work is intensely allusive. In much of his poetry he has a project of sociological scope: to evoke Belfast in encyclopaedic detail. The second half of "The Irish for No" was called "Belfast Confetti" (1990) and this idea expanded to become his next book. "The Belfast of the Troubles" is mapped with obsessive precision and the language of the Troubles is as powerful a presence as the Troubles themselves. The title "Belfast Confetti" signals this:
In his next book, "First Language", (1993) that won the T. S. Eliot Prize, language has become the subject. There are translations of Ovid, Rimbaud and Baudelaire. Carson is deeply influenced by Louis MacNeice and he includes a poem called 'Bagpipe Music'. What it owes to the original is its rhythmic verve. With his love of dense long lines it is not surprising he is drawn to classical poetry and Baudelaire. In fact, the rhythm of 'Bagpipe Music' seems to be that of an Irish jig, on which subject he is an expert (his book about Irish music "Last Night's Fun" (1996) is regarded as a classic. To be precise, the rhythm is that of a "single jig" or "slide."):
'blah dithery dump a doodle scattery idle fortunoodle.'
Carson then entered a prolific phase in which the concern for language liberated him into a new creativity. "Opera Etcetera" (1996) had a set of poems on letters of the alphabet and another series on Latin tags such as 'Solvitur Ambulando' and 'Quod Erat Demonstrandum' and another series of translations form the Romanian poet Stefan Augustin Doinas. Translation became a key concern, "The Alexandrine Plan" (1998) featured sonnets by Baudelaire, Rimbaud and Mallarmé rendered into alexandrines. Carson's penchant for the long line found a perfect focus in the 12-syllable alexandrine line. He also published The Twelfth of Never (1999), sonnets on fanciful themes:
"The Ballad of HMS Belfast" (1999) collected his Belfast poems.

</doc>
<doc id="2921892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921892" title="BigBlueBall (website)">
BigBlueBall (website)

BigBlueBall.com is a technology news website that focuses on instant messaging and related communication tools. BigBlueBall was launched in March 2001 by Jeff Hester, and goes by the slogan "Everything about Instant Messaging." In the February 2005 issue of PC World, an article titled "Inside Instant Messaging" recommended BigBlueBall for "the latest news on everything IM." Name of the website is derived from a photograph of the planet Earth, taken from space titled the Blue Marble.
BigBlueBall Forums.
The BigBlueBall forums cover all instant messaging programs and related technology such as VoIP. Originally powered by Snitz Forums 2000 and running ASP, they were converted to vBulletin in January 2005. The BigBlueBall forums have over 49,000 registered users and over 153,000 posts (March 2008). 
The forums are organized into four main sections according to subject area and managed by teams. Key sections include:
Additional sections provide coverage of the full range of instant messaging and communication tools (Adium, Fire, Gizmo5, Meebo, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="2921895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921895" title="The Sciences">
The Sciences

The Sciences was a magazine published from 1961 to 2001 by the New York Academy of Sciences. Each issue contained articles that discussed science issues with cultural relevance, illustrated with fine art and an occasional cartoon. The periodical won seven National Magazine Awards over the course of its publication.

</doc>
<doc id="2921902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921902" title="Sunflower oil">
Sunflower oil

Sunflower oil is the non-volatile oil compressed from sunflower ("Helianthus annuus") seeds. Sunflower oil is commonly used in food as a frying oil, and in cosmetic formulations as an emollient. Sunflower oil was first industrially produced in 1835 in the Russian Empire. The world's largest sunflower oil producers now are Ukraine, Russia and Argentina.
Sunflower oil is a monounsaturated (MUFA)/polyunsaturated (PUFA) mixture of mostly oleic acid (omega-9)-linoleic acid (omega-6) group of oils. The oil content of the seed ranges from 22 to 36% (average, 28%): the kernel contains 45–55% oil. The expressed oil is of light amber color with a mild and pleasant flavor; refined oil is pale yellow. Refining losses are low and the oil has good keeping qualities with light tendency for flavor reversion. The oil contains appreciable quantities of vitamin E, sterols, squalene, and other aliphatic hydrocarbons, terpene and methyl ketones (chiefly methyl nonyl ketone).
Composition.
Sunflower oil is mainly a triglyceride, a typical constituent is shown. The British Pharmacopoeia lists the following profile:
Several types of sunflower oils are produced, such as high linoleic, high oleic and mid oleic. Mid-oleic sunflower oil typically has at least 69% oleic acid. High oleic sunflower oil has at least 82% oleic acid. Variation in unsaturated fatty acids profile is strongly influenced by both genetics and climate. In the last decade, high stearic sunflower lines have been developed in Spain to avoid the use of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils in the food industry.
The phosphatides (0.1–0.2%) present in the oil are lecithin (38.5%) and cephalin (61.5%); they occur in combination with protein and carbohydrates.
Sunflower oil also contains lecithin, tocopherols, carotenoids and waxes. Sunflower oil's properties are typical of a vegetable triglyceride oil. Sunflower oil is produced from oil type sunflower seeds. Sunflower oil is light in taste and appearance and has a high vitamin E content. It is a combination of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats with low saturated fat levels.
Physical properties.
Sunflower oil is liquid at room temperature. The refined oil is clear and slightly amber-colored with a slightly fatty odor.
Uses.
As a frying oil, sunflower oil behaves as a typical vegetable triglyceride. In cosmetics, it has smoothing properties and is considered noncomedogenic. Only the high oleic variety possesses shelf life sufficient for commercial cosmetic formulation. Sunflower oil's INCI name is "Helianthus annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil".
Sunflower oil is also an ingredient in sunflower butter.
Sunflower oil can be used to run diesel engines when mixed with diesel in the tank.
Nutrition.
Several varieties of sunflower oilseeds have been developed by standard (non-GMO) plant breeding methods. The original oilseed was high in linoleic acid (LA), a polyunsaturated ω-6 fatty acid. A premium high oleic acid strain, a monounsaturated ω-9 fatty acid, was developed in the late twentieth century. Early in the 21st century, a mid-oleic strain marketed as Nu-Sun was introduced as an improved frying oil that would have a low level of saturated fat, but would not require hydrogenation. These three major strains differ greatly in their levels of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats. There are also minor differences in their saturated fat content.
Health benefits.
There are a variety of health benefits associated with the consumption of sunflower oil.
Diet and cardiovascular benefits.
Sunflower oil is high in the essential vitamin E and low in saturated fat. The two most common types of sunflower oil are linoleic and high oleic. Linoleic sunflower oil is a common cooking oil that has high levels of polyunsaturated fat. It is also known for having a clean taste and low levels of trans fat. High oleic sunflower oils are classified as having monounsaturated levels of 80% and above. Newer versions of sunflower oil have been developed as a hybrid containing linoleic acid. They have monounsaturated levels lower than other oleic sunflower oils. The hybrid oil also has lower saturated fat levels than linoleic sunflower oil.
Restaurant and food industry uses.
Restaurants and food manufacturers are becoming aware of the health benefits of sunflower oil. Refined oil can be used for low-to-extremely-high-temperature cooking (e.g., frying). It may also help food stay fresher and healthier for longer periods of time. A number of common snack foods currently contain sunflower oil, including NewYork Fries French fries, Majans bhuja Mix healthy snacks, the Sri Lankan style Bombay Mix - Rani Mix, Kettle Chips, Sun Chips, Sunflower Chips, Ruffles, Walkers and Lay's potato chips. The recipe of Lay's potato chips was modified in late 2006 to use sunflower oil as the only frying oil; by 2009, the recipe again included other "natural oils".
Skin protectant.
Sunflower oil, like other many other "carrier oil"s, provides a chemical surface barrier that helps skin retain its moisture -- without clogging pores or blocking the flow of oxygen into/out of skin cells. This is at least partially due to its possessing a relatively low viscosity (thickness), relative to most other commonly-used carrier oils; as a result, this thinness of texture allows the skin to absorb it very quickly, without leaving a greasy/shiny residue. Minimally-processed versions are naturally high in Vitamin A and Vitamin D; its Vitamin E content is among the highest of all vegetable-derived oils. It may also provide a protective barrier that resists infection in premature infants. Studies using sunflower oil have been conducted involving low birth weight infants who are often susceptible to infection due to their underdeveloped skin. The study determined that infants receiving a daily skin treatment of sunflower oil were 41% less likely to develop infections in the hospital.
Unproven Oral Health Practices.
In pre-scientific traditional practices, sunflower oil was one of the oils recommended for use in a process called Oil Pulling, where oil was swished in the mouth to supposedly improve oral heath.
Suggested negative health effects.
Sunflower oil is richer in omega−6 linoleic acid (48–74%) than most of vegetable oils. Some medical research suggests that excessive levels of certain omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids relative to certain omega-3 fatty acids, but likely in conjunction with exogenous toxins, may have negative health effects. Those include an increase in the likelihood postmenopausal women may develop breast cancer. A similar effect was observed on prostate cancer, but the study was performed on mice. Another study indicated that, when heated to frying temperature for extended periods, sunflower oil produces aldehydes, which may be associated with some neurodegenerative diseases. However, this effect was found in the two other oils analyzed (extra virgin olive oil and virgin linseed oil) as well.
Preparation and storage.
Because sunflower oil is primarily composed of healthier-but-less-stable polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, it can be particularly susceptible to degradation by heat, air, and light (which trigger and accelerate oxidation. Keeping sunflower oil at low temperatures during manufacture and storage can help minimize rancidity and nutrient loss -- as can storage in bottles that are made of either darkly-colored glass, or, plastic that has been treated with an ultraviolet light protectant.
Methods of extraction.
Sunflower oil can be extracted using chemical solvents (e.g., hexane), or expeller pressing (i.e., squeezed directly from sunflower seeds by crushing them). "Cold-pressing"/expeller-pressing sunflower seed oil under low-temperature conditions is a preferred method, for those seeking an extraction process that doesn't involve chemical solvents, as well as for people following a raw foods diet.
Refined versus unrefined.
Refining sunflower oil through solvent extraction, de-gumming, neutralization, and bleaching can make it more stable and suitable for high-temperature cooking; but, will also remove some of the oil's nutrients; flavor; color (resulting in a pale-yellow); free fatty acids; phospholipids; polyphenols; and, phytosterols. Unrefined sunflower oil is less heat-stable (and therefore well-suited to dishes that are either raw or cooked at low temperatures); but, will retain more of its original nutrient content, flavor, and color (light-amber).

</doc>
<doc id="2921905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921905" title="Cadwell Park">
Cadwell Park

Cadwell Park is a motor racing circuit in Lincolnshire, England, south of Louth. It is owned and operated by Jonathan Palmer's Motorsport Vision company.
It is sited across a steep-sided valley, giving rise to dips and crests. The circuit features sharp changes in gradient, including one section called The Mountain where bikes can become airborne by up to several feet. Its mix of challenging corners has led to its nickname as the Mini-Nürburgring.
History.
Located in the Lincolnshire Wolds, Cadwell Park was established in 1934 by Mr Mansfield Wilkinson of Louth. His sons originally used the land for racing their own motorbikes against each other and this evolved into the circuit which it is today.
In 1953 the track was lengthened to , upon the invitation of the 500 cc motorcycle-engined Formula 3 to race in a traditional bike meeting. Around 30,000 spectators attended that particular race. 
The original track grew to the current layout in 1962 and hosted the British F3 series the next May. Some of the bends are named after family members e.g. Mansfield, Charlie and Chris.
Racing usage.
Cadwell is now considered too narrow for high level car races, although Club motorsport associations such as the BARC and 750MC still hold meetings. 
Competitively, it is primarily used for motorcycle racing, with the Bennetts British Superbike Championship round being , taking place on August Bank Holiday weekend each year. In 2010, it hosted an additional BSB meeting on the weekend of 22/23 May.
Other usage.
Several tests and feature clips for the motoring program Fifth Gear have been filmed here. They frequently feature racing driver Tiff Needell.
In April 2009, musician and Pink Floyd drummer Nick Mason flew into the circuit by helicopter to drive his £1.5million Ferrari 512.
Stock Car Racing.
During the 1960s and 1970s, BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars attracted big crowds to Cadwell. The gradient changes added excitement to the racing, as stock car drivers were accustomed to racing on flat 400-yard oval tracks of shale or tarmac; and likewise their cars' suspensions and gearing were set up for short flat ovals.
Current events.
In addition to the August Bank Holiday round of the British Superbike Championship, Cadwell Park also hosts two major historic events with the Vintage Sports Car Club’s annual festival and the new Easter Wolds Trophy covering the post-war period.
The Superkart British Grand Prix is held at the circuit, with the popular Modified Live event also on the calendar.
During the week the circuit offers some general test days and driving experiences, and can also be hired out for private testing and track days.

</doc>
<doc id="2921920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921920" title="WVA">
WVA

"For the WVA number, see WVA number. For the U.S. state with the abbreviation W. Va., see West Virginia."
WVA is a single room, located in the West Valley of the Kings, and is associated with the nearby tomb of Amenhotep III, WV22. 

</doc>
<doc id="2921930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921930" title="Khibiny Mountains">
Khibiny Mountains

The Khibiny Massif, Khibiny Mountains, Khibinsky Mountains or Khibins, Khibinsky tundras, Khibiny ( ) is one of the two main mountain ranges of the Kola Peninsula, Russia, within the Arctic Circle, located between Imandra and Umbozero lakes.
The massif is of oval shape of about 1,300 km2. and occupies the central part of the peninsula at a relative elevation of 900–1000 m above the surrounding plain. The mountains are not particularly high; the two highest peaks are the Yudytchvumtchchorr, which stands , and the Chasnachorr, which stands . The average elevation is . The mountains form the shape of a horseshoe topped by a high plateau, drained by a series of deep canyons. The peaks are of plateau type, with steep slopes, with glaciers, icefields and snowfields in some places. The overall terrain is alpine tundra.
The second, and similar mountain range of the Kola Peninsula, the Lovozero Tundras, is located about 5 km east from the easternmost point of Khibiny.
The Khibiny range is extremely rich in minerals, mainly apatite and nepheline ores. 477 valid minerals have been reported and 108 of those are type localities or minerals first described in the Khibiny. The range is also seismically active.
Khibiny mountains are mostly uninhabited, except for one of the world's richest mineral quarries. One of the minerals discovered there is reported to have a potential as a nuclear waste radioactivity absorbent. By the foot of the massif the cities of Apatity and Kirovsk are situated.
Geography.
The Khibiny Mountains lie within the Kola Peninsula, a large peninsula extending from northern Russia into the Barents and White seas. The total land area of the peninsula is approximately . It is rich in minerals due to the removal of a layer of soil during the last ice age.
Climate.
Khibiny have an Arctic-moderate climate, with an average winter temperature of −5 °C (23 °F). However, the temperature can potentially drop to −30 °C (−22 °F) during the night. The Gulf Stream, which brings warmer water to the Kolsky Peninsula from the north, moderates the climate, making it slightly warmer than other Arctic regions.

</doc>
<doc id="2921935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921935" title="Oscar Gamble">
Oscar Gamble

Oscar Charles Gamble (born December 20, 1949) is a former outfielder and designated hitter in Major League Baseball. He played for 17 seasons, from 1969 to 1985, on seven different teams: the Chicago White Sox and New York Yankees on two separate occasions, as well as the Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, Cleveland Indians, San Diego Padres, and Texas Rangers.
Biography.
Born in Ramer, Alabama, Gamble was discovered playing baseball in a semi-professional league by legendary Negro League baseball player Buck O'Neil, who was working as a scout for the Chicago Cubs at the time. O'Neil convinced the Cubs to draft Gamble, which they did in the sixteenth round. Gamble played with the Caldwell Cubs of the Pioneer League in 1968 and the San Antonio Missions of the Texas League in 1969, from where he received his call-up to the Chicago Cubs late in the 1969 season.
Nicknamed the Big O by Yankees announcer Phil Rizzuto, Gamble was a relatively small man, listed at 5 feet, 11 inches tall and 165 pounds. He still hit 200 career home runs in just over 9000 major league at bats. Oscar's career peaked in 1977 with the White Sox, when he hit 31 home runs and tallied 83 RBI. After an ill-fated, injury-plagued year in San Diego, he returned to the American League in 1979 to hit a career-best .358 batting average, slamming 19 home runs with the Yankees and Rangers. (He did not have enough plate appearances to qualify for the American League batting title.)
Unlike some players who failed to cope with the New York media, Oscar thrived on it, and was always a favorite with sportswriters.
Gamble, whose hitting prowess was overshadowed by his famously large Afro hairdo, has the distinction of logging the last hit and RBI at Philadelphia's Connie Mack Stadium on October 1, 1970. His 10th-inning single scored Tim McCarver with the run that gave the Phillies the 2-1 win in the stadium's final game. Coincidentally, that feat was also overshadowed as unruly fans stormed the field during and after the game to claim bases, infield dirt, seats, and other various stadium items.
In 1976, Gamble helped the Yankees return to prominence as the "Bronx Bombers" won their first American League pennant in 12 seasons, hitting 17 home runs and 57 RBI. His left-handed power stroke was ideal for the renowned short right field fence at Yankee Stadium. Returning to the Yankees in 1979, he would settle into a limited role with the team, aiding the Yankees once again to an AL East division title in 1980 and a World Series appearance in 1981.
Gamble had one of the more unusual batting stances in the major leagues. He stood at the plate in a deep crouch with his back almost parallel to the ground. Gamble claimed this stance helped him see the ball better as his eyes were right above the plate and close to where the ball was pitched.
Notably, Gamble also finished with more career walks (610) than strikeouts (546). He was considered a below-average fielder, and consequently played over a third of his games as a designated hitter, but he had a good arm. He played in the 2007 Yankee Old Timers Game with many Yankee players that were honored from the 1977 championship team.
Gamble lived in Little Ferry, New Jersey while playing with the Yankees.
Personal life.
After retirement from baseball, Gamble returned to Montgomery, Alabama and was a player agent for several years. He is involved in youth baseball. One son, Sean, was a player in the Philadelphia Phillies organization and another one played in junior college. 

</doc>
<doc id="2921936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921936" title="Geordie Greig">
Geordie Greig

Geordie Greig (born 1960 London) is a British journalist and editor of "The Mail on Sunday".
Early life and career.
Greig is the son of the late Sir Carron Greig and Monica Stourton, granddaughter of Lord Mowbray. Greig's great-grandfather was Lord Mowbray, Segrave and Stourton, and members of his father's family have been royal courtiers for three generations - including his sister Laura, who was a lady-in-waiting to Princess Diana. He attended Eton College and St Peter's College, Oxford.
Greig began his career as a reporter for the "South East London and Kentish Mercury" newspaper, before joining the "Daily Mail" and then "Sunday Today", he moved to "The Sunday Times" in 1987 becoming Arts correspondent in 1989 and then its American correspondent based in New York in 1991. Greig returned to London in 1995 to become "The Sunday Times" Literary Editor and was then appointed editor of "Tatler" magazine in 1999.
Editor.
He was appointed editor of the London "Evening Standard" in February 2009. During his time as editor the Dispossessed Campaign was launched tackling poverty, illiteracy and unemployment. The campaign led to a Dispossessed Fund which has raised over £9 million for grassroots groups addressing poverty and has helped more than 100,000 people, including the homeless and unemployed.
In 2010 he was appointed Editorial Director of "The Independent", "The Independent on Sunday" and "i" (Independent Print Ltd) and the "Evening Standard".
In March 2012, Greig became editor of the "Mail on Sunday" while remaining a director of Independent Print Ltd and "The London Evening Standard".
Other interests.
In addition to his editorial duties, Greig has literary interests, for instance being an admirer of the work of Samuel Menashe and Anthony Trollope. He wrote the foreword for the "Forward Book of Poetry" (1999).
His book, "The Kingmaker" is about his grandfather, Louis Greig, a war hero and rugby international, who became mentor, physician and friend to the young and hesitant Prince Albert, the future King George VI. His influence helped to guide the prince from a stammering, shy schoolboy to become the monarch who saw Britain through the Second World War.
Greig has also written about the life of Lucian Freud. According to his publishers Jonathan Cape: "As one of a few close friends who regularly had breakfast with the painter during the last years of his life "Breakfast with Lucian" tells an insider’s account... Greig, who has studied his subject’s work at length, unravels the tangled thread of a life lived on Freud’s own uncompromising terms. Based on private conversations ... and informed by interviews with friends, lovers, and some of the artist’s children who have never before spoken publicly about their relationships with the painter... The book was published in autumn 2013."
On 1 May 2005, "The Observer" newspaper termed Greig "Britain's most connected man".
Personal life.
He is married to Kathryn Terry, who is originally from Texas; the couple have three children, a son and twin daughters, Monica and Octavia (both 14). Greig and his family live in Notting Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2921946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921946" title="WV24">
WV24

Tomb WV24 is an Ancient Egyptian tomb located in the western arm of the Valley of the Kings. It was reported by Robert Hay and John Wilkinson in the 1820s and visited by Howard Carter; however, it was not fully explored until Otto Schaden's excavations in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2921950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921950" title="John Hardy">
John Hardy

John Hardy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921953" title="Flarestar Observatory">
Flarestar Observatory

Flarestar Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by International Astronomical Union (IAU). It is located near San Gwann on the island country of Malta, at . Its observatory code is 171.

</doc>
<doc id="2921960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921960" title="Inishtooskert">
Inishtooskert

Inishtooskert ("Inis Tuaisceart" in Irish) is the northernmost of the Blasket Islands, County Kerry, Ireland. The name means "northern island". The island is also known as "An Fear Marbh" (the dead man) or the sleeping giant due to its appearance when seen from the east (as in the photograph). Inishtooskert holds important seabird colonies, as well as extensive ruins of ancient stone buildings.
Of particular note is the colony of European Storm-petrels. With over 27,000 pairs in 2000 (Seabird 2000 survey), this is the largest colony in Ireland or Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="2921962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921962" title="Khatgal, Khövsgöl">
Khatgal, Khövsgöl

Khatgal (, ) is a village in Mongolia on the southern tip of Lake Khövsgöl. Khatgal has an airstrip and a small port, plus a school and a post/telecom office. There is a wooden bridge nearby over the Eg River.
History.
Khatgal was founded in 1727 as a camp of the Mongolian watch post system. By 1910, a small settlement had formed, mainly through trade with Russia. In 1914 a telegraph connection was established from the Russian border town Mondy to Uliastai via Khatgal, and in 1921 about 150 Russian settlers lived here.
In the same year, Khatgal became an administrative center in the region. In 1931 it became the center of the newly established Khövsgöl Aimag, but shortly afterwards in 1933 the administration moved to Mörön.
The town had about 7000 inhabitants and a power plant in 1990, but the dry-up of transport routes and the closure of a local wool factory have led to high migration rates, leaving only 3,756 inhabitants in 1994 and 2,498 inhabitants in the 2000 census. The latest official population estimate is 2,796 (December 31, 2006 [http://www.rprpmongolia.mn/pdf/2007semi_annual_report_eng.pdf]). Khatgal also lost its status as a town and is now administratively part of Alag-Erdene Sum. In 2007, Khatgal was connected to the Mongolian central power grid and to cell phone services.
Mongolian MP and former health minister Lamjavyn Gündalai was born in Khatgal.
Economy.
Since Khatgal is a good jump-off point for the many small ger camps along the West coast of Lake Khövsgöl, tourism is now one of the main branches of the local economy. In 2007, a new airport building was completed [http://owasia.ru/mongolia-pressa_2007+M500362f6468.html#1]. MIAT Mongolian Airlines lists the town on its domestic schedule.
Climate.
Khatgal experiences a subarctic climate (Köppen "Dwc") with very long, very dry, frigid winters and short, mild, relatively wet summers.

</doc>
<doc id="2921963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921963" title="Eric Soderholm">
Eric Soderholm

Eric Thane Soderholm (born September 24, 1948 in Cortland, New York) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman who played for the Minnesota Twins, Chicago White Sox, Texas Rangers, and New York Yankees from 1971 to 1980. Soderholm was selected with the 1st overall selection in the secondary phase of the 1968 Free Agent draft by the Twins.
Soderholm won the Twins regular job at third base in 1974 and had two solid seasons as their starter. He then injured his knee and missed the entire 1976 campaign. The White Sox took a gamble and signed Soderholm as a Free Agent in November 1976. The move paid off as Soderholm responded with a career year in 1977, hitting .280 and slugging 25 home runs. Soderholm stroked 16 of his 25 homers after the All-Star break to help keep the South Side Hitmen, as the Sox were fondly known that year, in the AL West pennant race into September. 
Soderholm was named the AL Comeback Player of the Year by The Sporting News after the 1977 campaign. Soderholm followed up his comeback year by bashing another 20 home runs in 1978 for the White Sox. During the 1979 season, Soderholm was dealt to the Texas Rangers in exchange for Ed Farmer. Soderholm was dealt again after the 1979 season to the New York Yankees where he finished out his playing career as a part-time Designated Hitter. He was invited to Chicago Cubs spring training in 1982, but his after many surgeries his beat-up knees could no longer handle the stress of everyday playing.
After retiring from baseball in early 1982, Cubs GM Dallas Green hired Soderholm to scout American League teams for the Cubs. At the same time, Soderholm started his Eric Soderholm (youth) Baseball Camps, which led to him becoming a private hitting instructor. Eric also went on to own a healing arts center, in Willowbrook, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago. [http://www.soderworldwellness.com]

</doc>
<doc id="2921964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921964" title="Young Republican Left of Catalonia">
Young Republican Left of Catalonia

The Young Republican Left of Catalonia (in Catalan: "Joventuts d'Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya", JERC) is the youth wing of the Republican Left of Catalonia (in Catalan: "Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya", ERC), a political party.
According to their declaration of principles, JERC's aim is "attaining a democratic society, in which any sign of social or national oppression had disappeared within an ecologically equilibrated territory, by bringing awareness and mobilizing the youth of the "Països Catalans". This includes support for the independence of Catalonia and the rest of the "Països Catalans".
One of their main activities is an independentist festival, "Acampada Jove", which attracts hundreds of Catalan pro-independence youngsters every year.
Their current spokesman is Gerard Gómez. JERC also publishes its own magazine, called "LA VEU del jovent" (The Voice of the Youngsters). Like ERC, they use both the traditional blue and more left-wing red versions of the Catalan pro-independence flag, the estelada.

</doc>
<doc id="2921966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921966" title="Chut">
Chut

Chut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921967" title="Snow field">
Snow field

A snow field, snowfield or neve is a permanent accumulation of snow and ice, typically found above the snow line. Normally the term is applied to mountainous and glacial terrain. In glaciology, the term refers to areas of permanent snow cover. 
Glaciers originate in snowfields. The lower end of a glacier is usually free from snow and névé in summer. In the upper end and above the upper boundary of a glacier, the snow field is in fact an ice field covered with snow. The glacier upper boundary, where it emerges from under a snow field, is ill-defined because of gradual transition.

</doc>
<doc id="2921973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921973" title="Zoo Magazine">
Zoo Magazine

Zoo Magazine is a magazine based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, that was first created on 25 September 2003. It focuses on fashion, art, literature and architecture and is published four times a year. The predominantly German based subject matter has recently expanded into a more international context and the magazine is now published in both English and German. 
Photographers.
Its support for photography has attracted some of the best fashion photographers in the world, such as Steven Klein, Donald McPherson, David La Chapelle, Terry Richardson, Nobuyoshi Araki, Hedi Slimane and Karl Lagerfeld.
Ownership.
Zoo Magazine is the trading name of Melon Collie C.V.. The magazine was co-founded by musician Bryan Adams, who also photographs for it.

</doc>
<doc id="2921986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921986" title="Monopolin">
Monopolin

Monopolin is a protein complex that in yeast is composed of the four proteins CSM1, HRR25, LRS4, and MAM1. Monopolin is required for the segregation of homologous centromeres to opposite poles of a dividing cell during anaphase I of meiosis.

</doc>
<doc id="2921991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921991" title="Dense connective tissue">
Dense connective tissue

Dense connective tissue, also called dense fibrous tissue, has fibers as its main matrix element.
Dense connective tissue is mainly composed of collagen type I. Crowded between the collagen fibers are rows of fibroblasts, fiber-forming cells, that manufacture the fibers. Dense connective tissue forms strong, rope-like structures such as tendons and ligaments. Tendons attach skeletal muscles to bones; ligaments connect bones to bones at joints. Ligaments are more stretchy and contain more elastic fibers than tendons. Dense connective tissue also make up the lower layers of the skin (dermis), where it is arranged in sheets.
Types.
It is often divided into "Dense regular connective tissue" and "Dense irregular connective tissue".

</doc>
<doc id="2921995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921995" title="Mike Sirotka">
Mike Sirotka

Michael Robert Sirotka (born May 13, 1971, in Houston, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher. He is an alumnus of Louisiana State University. 
Drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 15th round of the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft, Sirotka made his major league debut in 1995, pitching in 6 starts that season.
The 1996 and 1997 seasons saw Sirotka appear in only 22 games combined between both seasons.
After impressing in spring training, Sirotka opened the 1998 season in the White Sox rotation. Sirotka went on to pitch in 33 starts, pitching 5 complete games and recording a win loss record of 14-15 in 211 and 2/3 innings.
In 1999, Sirotka lowered his ERA one run lower than the previous season, finishing at an even 4.00. He pitched 3 complete games to go along with a record of 11-13 in 32 starts.
The 2000 season saw Sirotka have a breakout year. He had a career high 15 wins with a career low 3.79 ERA for the White Sox.
After the 2000 season, he was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays with Kevin Beirne and Brian Simmons for Matt DeWitt and David Wells in a deal that would infamously become labeled by White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams as "Shouldergate", as Sirotka would never pitch again, labeled "damaged goods" by then-Toronto GM Gord Ash. Ash believed that Williams did not turn over all information pertaining to Sirotka's shoulder. Ash later appealed the trade to MLB Commissioner Bud Selig, but Selig refused to overturn the trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2921999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921999" title="Maia Campbell">
Maia Campbell

Maia Chinassa Campbell (born November 26, 1976 in Takoma Park, Maryland) is an American film, television actress and model. She is best known for her role as Nicole on the 1994 FOX comedy-drama series South Central and her portrayal of Tiffany Warren in the NBC/UPN sitcom "In the House" for three seasons (1995-1998).
Early life and Career.
Born in Takoma Park, Maryland, Campbell is the daughter of author Bebe Moore Campbell and Tiko Campbell, an architect and author from Washington, D.C. Although Campbell has become best known for her role as the witty adolescent daughter on the series "In the House", she has been frequently seen on television. She was featured in a regular role as Nicole in the short-lived Fox series "South Central", portraying Larenz Tate's girlfriend, and also had a guest role in "Thea". She also had a minor role in John Singleton's "Poetic Justice", with Janet Jackson, playing the role of Lucky's (played by Tupac Shakur) cousin in Oakland. Campbell also hosted the young adult magazine show "Twenty-four/Seven" in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2922000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922000" title="Helmut Thielicke">
Helmut Thielicke

Helmut Thielicke (4 December 1908 in Wuppertal – 5 March 1986 in Hamburg) was a German Protestant theologian and rector of the University of Hamburg from 1960 to 1978.
Thielicke grew up in Wuppertal, where he went to a humanistic Gymnasium and took his Abitur in 1928. After this he began to study philosophy and theology in Erlangen, but soon had to undergo an operation on his thyroid. Despite the negative outcome of this operation (pulmonary embolism, tetanus), which were still causing complications 4 years later, he finished his studies and in 1932 he got his doctorate in philosophy with ""Das Verhältnis zwischen dem Ethischen und dem Ästethischen"" ("The relationship between the ethical and the aesthetic"). 
After his health improved, Thielicke listened to Karl Barth in Bonn, whom he criticized, mainly because of Barth's exclusion of natural anthropology. Eventually he did his doctor's degree in theology in 1934 with a work under the supervision of Paul Althaus in Erlangen. He took his postdoctoral lecture qualification with ""Offenbarung, Vernunft und Existenz. Studien zur Religionsphilosophie Lessings"" ("Revelation, reason and existence; studies in Lessing's religious philosophy") in 1935 under the growing pressure of the Nazi-Regime, which refused him an appointment to Erlangen in view of his activity within the "Confessing Church". In 1936 he obtained a professorship in systematic theology in Heidelberg, where he met Marie-Luise Herrmann, to whom he was married in 1937. They had four children.
After repeated interrogations by the Gestapo from the mid-1930s onwards, he was finally dismissed in 1940. Thielicke was conscripted, but nine months later he was able to take over a church in Ravensburg with the help of regional bishop Theophil Wurm. In 1942 he assumed theological office in Stuttgart, from where he delivered numerous sermons and went on lecture tours, continually made difficult by the government by means of bans on travel, publication and preaching. Thielicke published a critique of Bultmann's composition about the demythologisation of the New Testament, which gave rise to a respectful, but inconclusive correspondence between the two. He also contacted the resistance group Freiburger Kreis, but without working actively in their plans for a revolution.
The bombing of Stuttgart in 1944 forced Thielicke and his family to go to Korntal, where he continued his lecture tours and preaching services in the following years; these were anonymously translated into many languages in Switzerland and read on various fronts of the war. Immediately after the end of the war Thielicke traveled with a group of delegates to Frankfurt, where he was invited by the government to participate in talks regarding the resumption of academic work to fill the political and academic vacuum of the postwar period. As a consequence, he took over a professorship at the newly reopened theological faculty in Tübingen in 1947, being made administrative head of the university and President of the Chancellor's Conference in 1951. In 1954, continuing his postwar efforts to revive Germany's academic and spiritual heritage, he accepted a call to Hamburg to found a new theological faculty, where he acted as both dean and professor while also pastoring the main church of Hamburg, St. Michaelis.
He personally met with Billy Graham and was received by President Jimmy Carter during lecture tours in the USA in 1977. Thielicke also traveled to Asia, South Africa, Latin America, Australia and New Zealand in the 1960s and 1970s.
Thielicke died 1986 in Hamburg, aged 77. 

</doc>
<doc id="2922005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922005" title="Atterberg limits">
Atterberg limits

The Atterberg limits are a basic measure of the critical water contents of a fine-grained soil, such as its shrinkage limit, plastic limit, and liquid limit. As a dry, clayey soil takes on increasing amounts of water, it undergoes dramatic and distinct changes in behavior and consistency. Depending on the water content of the soil, it may appear in four states: solid, semi-solid, plastic and liquid. In each state, the consistency and behavior of a soil is different and consequently so are its engineering properties. Thus, the boundary between each state can be defined based on a change in the soil's behavior. The Atterberg limits can be used to distinguish between silt and clay, and it can distinguish between different types of silts and clays. These limits were created by Albert Atterberg, a Swedish chemist. They were later refined by Arthur Casagrande. These distinctions in soil are used in assessing the soils that are to have structures built on. Soils when wet retain water and some expand in volume. The amount of expansion is related to the ability of the soil to take in water and its structural make-up (the type of atoms present). These tests are mainly used on clayey or silty soils since these are the soils that expand and shrink due to moisture content. Clays and silts react with the water and thus change sizes and have varying shear strengths. Thus these tests are used widely in the preliminary stages of designing any structure to ensure that the soil will have the correct amount of shear strength and not too much change in volume as it expands and shrinks with different moisture contents. 
As a hard, rigid solid in the dry state, soil becomes a crumbly (friable) semisolid when a certain moisture content, termed the shrinkage limit, is reached. If it is an expansive soil, this soil will also begin to swell in volume as this moisture content is exceeded. Increasing the water content beyond the soil's plastic limit will transform it into a malleable, plastic mass, which causes additional swelling. The soil will remain in this plastic state until its liquid limit is exceeded, which causes it to transform into a viscous liquid that flows when jarred.
Laboratory tests.
Shrinkage limit.
The shrinkage limit (SL) is the water content where further loss of moisture will not result in any more volume reduction. The test to determine the shrinkage limit is ASTM International D4943. The shrinkage limit is much less commonly used than the liquid and plastic limits. It is the minimum water content at which a soil is still in saturated condition.
Plastic limit.
The plastic limit is determined by rolling out a thread of the fine portion of a soil on a flat, non-porous surface. The procedure is defined in ASTM Standard D 4318.
If the soil is plastic, this thread will retain its shape down to a very narrow diameter. The sample can then be remoulded and the test repeated.
As the moisture content falls due to evaporation, the thread will begin to break apart at larger diameters.
The plastic limit is defined as the moisture content where the thread breaks apart at a diameter of 3.2 mm (about 1/8 inch).
A soil is considered non-plastic if a thread cannot be rolled out down to 3.2 mm at any moisture.
Liquid limit.
The liquid limit (LL) is often conceptually defined as the water content at which the behavior of a clayey soil changes from plastic to liquid. Actually, clayey soil does have a very small shear strength at the liquid limit and the strength decreases as water content increases; the transition from plastic to liquid behavior occurs over a range of water contents. The precise definition of the liquid limit is based on standard test procedures described below. 
The original liquid limit test of Atterberg's involved mixing a pat of clay in a round-bottomed porcelain bowl of 10–12 cm diameter. A groove was cut through the pat of clay with a spatula, and the bowl was then struck many times against the palm of one hand.
Casagrande subsequently standardized the apparatus and the procedures to make the measurement more repeatable. Soil is placed into the metal cup portion of the device and a groove is made down its center with a standardized tool of width. The cup is repeatedly dropped 10 mm onto a hard rubber base at a rate of 120 blows per minute, during which the groove closes up gradually as a result of the impact. The number of blows for the groove to close is recorded. The moisture content at which it takes 25 drops of the cup to cause the groove to close over a distance of is defined as the liquid limit. The test is normally run at several moisture contents, and the moisture content which requires 25 blows to close the groove is interpolated from the test results. The Liquid Limit test is defined by ASTM standard test method D 4318. The test method also allows running the test at one moisture content where 20 to 30 blows are required to close the groove; then a correction factor is applied to obtain the liquid limit from the moisture content.
The following is when one should record the N in number of blows needed to close this 1/2-inch gap:
The materials needed to do a liquid limit test are as follows 
Another method for measuring the liquid limit is the fall cone test. It is based on the measurement of penetration into the soil of a standardized cone of specific mass. Although the Casagrande test is widely used across North America, the fall cone test is much more prevalent in Europe due to being less dependent on the operator in determining the Liquid Limit.
Importance of liquid limit test.
The importance of the liquid limit test is to classify soils. Different soils have varying liquid limits. Also, one must use the plastic limit to determine its plasticity index.
Derived limits.
The values of these limits are used in a number of ways. There is also a close relationship between the limits and properties of a soil such as compressibility, permeability, and strength. This is thought to be very useful because as limit determination is relatively simple, it is more difficult to determine these other properties. Thus the Atterberg limits are not only used to identify the soil's classification, but it allows for the use of empirical correlations for some other engineering properties.
Plasticity index.
The plasticity index (PI) is a measure of the plasticity of a soil. The plasticity index is the size of the range of water contents where the soil exhibits plastic properties. The PI is the difference between the liquid limit and the plastic limit (PI = LL-PL). Soils with a high PI tend to be clay, those with a lower PI tend to be silt, and those with a PI of 0 (non-plastic) tend to have little or no silt or clay. 
PI and their meanings
Liquidity index.
The liquidity index (LI) is used for scaling the natural water content of a soil sample to the limits. It can be calculated as a ratio of difference between natural water content, plastic limit, and liquid limit: LI=(W-PL)/(LL-PL) where W is the natural water content.
Activity.
The activity (A) of a soil is the PI divided by the percent of clay-sized particles (less than 2 μm) present. Different types of clays have different specific surface areas which controls how much wetting is required to move a soil from one phase to another such as across the liquid limit or the plastic limit. From the activity, one can predict the dominant clay type present in a soil sample. High activity signifies large volume change when wetted and large shrinkage when dried. Soils with high activity are very reactive chemically.
Normally the activity of clay is between 0.75 and 1.25, and in this range clay is called normal. It is assumed that the plasticity index is approximately equal to the clay fraction (A = 1). When A is less than 0.75, it is considered inactive. When it is greater than 1.25, it is considered active.

</doc>
<doc id="2922008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922008" title="KV26">
KV26

Tomb KV26, located in Egypt's Valley of the Kings, was visited by James Burton, and then probably by Victor Loret. 
Nothing is known about its occupant or occupants, but it is believed to be an 18th Dynasty tomb because of its similarities to others of that period. Although it is exceptionally short, with a total length of less than 12 metres, it has not yet been fully cleared or excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="2922009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922009" title="WJPX">
WJPX

WJPX is a full-power television station in San Juan, Puerto Rico transmitting over analog channel 24, digital 21, which is the island's affiliate for MundoFox, the Spanish language sister network to the English language network Fox.
The station was founded in 1987 and was a 24 hour news station branded as "WSJN 24 Horas, El Canal de Noticias". Some Puerto Rican television reporters started their careers at WSJN, such as Maria Celeste Arraras, Ada Torres Toro, Sol Sostre, Carlos Montero, Jorge Castro, Lyanne Melendez, Edna Schmidt and Roberto Cortes.
WJPX was later owned by LIN TV, which branded the station MTV. At that time, the station broadcast MTV programs (both locally-produced and imported from the main MTV network), videos and horse races. The MTV branding and programming were licensed from Viacom, which, incidentally, once owned two of WJPX's then-sister stations: WWHO in Columbus, Ohio and WNDY-TV in Indianapolis, before those stations were sold to LIN in 2005.
On October 19, 2006 LIN TV announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell WJPX along with sister station WAPA-TV to InterMedia Partners for $130 million in cash. The sale was completed on March 30, 2007.
InterMedia Partners then sold the station again to Caribevision Station Group. The sale was completed in October 2007.
From March 19, 2009 the subchannel digital 24.2 began transnmiting Camarero 
Racetrack.
On August 13, 2012, It Begins Broadcasting the Spanish language MundoFox Network after America Teve moves to WIRS Channel 42.1.
Satellite stations.
WJPX can be seen across Puerto Rico on the following stations:

</doc>
<doc id="2922012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922012" title="Inishvickillane">
Inishvickillane

Inishvickillane or Inishvickillaun () is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry, Ireland. Referred to by Blasket islanders as "The Inis", Inishvickillane was intermittently inhabited during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, by one or more families. There are extensive ruins of ancient stone buildings and a house was built in the 1970s by the late former Taoiseach Charles Haughey, who owned the island and used it as a holiday home.
Apart from Tearaght and some rocks, this island is the most western land of Ireland; it is possibly the most western part of the country that had anything like normal habitation, since Tearaght's sole inhabitants seem to have been the keepers of the lighthouse there before that was automated in 1988.
Inishvickillane holds important seabird colonies, being especially notable for Northern Fulmar, European Storm-petrel and Atlantic Puffin. A herd of Red Deer was introduced to the island by Haughey.

</doc>
<doc id="2922015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922015" title="Schomberg House">
Schomberg House

Schomberg House is a mansion on the south side of Pall Mall in central London which has a colourful history. Only the street facade survives today. It was built for Meinhardt Schomberg, 3rd Duke of Schomberg, a Huguenot general in the service of the British crown. It was adapted from Portland House, which in turn has been created by the Countess of Portland by converting two houses into a single residence. Work began in 1694, the year after the duke inherited his title.
The street facade of Schomberg House is striking and rather unusual for a London mansion. It is of red brick, with four main storeys above the basement. The facade's street-level awning and decorative work is made of "Lithodipyra" (Coade stone) manufactured by Eleanor Coade. It is nine windows wide, with the central three bays projecting slightly and topped by a pediment, and the two end bays projecting boldly so that they form projections somewhat like small towers. The windows are narrow and six bold bands of quoins frame the three projections, giving the facade an energetic verticality.
Meinhardt Schomberg's dukedom became extinct on his death in 1719 and the house was subsequently let. In 1769 it was divided into three (80 Pall Mall to the west, 81 in the centre and 82 to the east) by the artist John Astley. Astley lived at no. 81 himself, and constructed a studio on the roof. In 1781 Astley was succeeded by a Scottish quack doctor called James Graham, who turned the establishment into a "Temple of Health and Hymen". The "Temple" featured a huge "celestial bed" fitted with early electrical devices, which was alleged to cure infertility, and was let to desperate and wealthy couples for £50 a night (about two years' wages for a labourer). 
The Temple also served as a high-class brothel and gambling den, and was eventually raided by the police and closed down. Meanwhile Thomas Gainsborough, who was at the height of his career as one of the two most fashionable portrait painters in England, lived next door at no. 80 from 1774 until his death in 1788. The artist Richard Cosway also lived at no. 81 for a time. During this period number 82 was a fashionable textile store.
In the first half of the 19th century Schomberg House was neither aristocratic nor artistic. The central house was a bookshop from 1804 to 1850, and other tenants of the three houses included a picture dealer, an auctioneer and a haberdasher. In 1850 no. 80 was demolished and replaced as part of an abortive redevelopment of the whole site. Then in 1859 nos. 80-82 were all acquired by the government for use by the War Office, which also occupied several other mansions in Pall Mall. 
In 1956 the building was largely demolished to make way for offices. However, not only were the surviving facades of nos. 81 and 82 retained, but that of no. 80 was rebuilt in its original form. There have been further alterations since, and the interiors are now modern open plan offices, but the striking frontage remains.
The name Schomberg House has also been used for another property on Pall Mall that used to be the residence of Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstein and later her two daughters. That property is now part of the Oxford and Cambridge Club (71 Pall Mall). 

</doc>
<doc id="2922021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922021" title="Cheryl Chase (activist)">
Cheryl Chase (activist)

Bo Laurent, better known by her pseudonym Cheryl Chase (born August 14, 1956), is an American intersex activist and the founder of the Intersex Society of North America. She began using the names Bo Laurent and Cheryl Chase simultaneously in the 1990s and changed her name legally from Bonnie Sullivan to Bo Laurent in 1995.
Early life.
Chase was born in New Jersey with ambiguous genitalia that baffled doctors. According to the "New York Times", her parents originally named her Brian Sullivan, noting that "Chase is XX, and the reason for her intersex condition has never been fully understood." Other sources state her original name was Charlie, since until recently Chase preferred to use pseudonyms when referring to her early life.
Chase told "Salon" she was born with "mixed male/female sex organs" and after the discovery of ovaries and a uterus, a clitoridectomy was performed to remove her oversized clitoris when she was aged 18 months. Her parents, as advised by doctors, moved to a new town and raised her as a girl, Bonnie Sullivan. Although she had begun speaking before the operation, she fell silent for six months afterwards.
She told "Salon" that she developed ovotestis at age 8 (later clarified as "the testicular part of her ovo-testes").
She found out about the clitoridectomy aged 10, and at age 21 succeeded in gaining access to her medical records (some sources say this occurred in her early thirties).
Education and career.
Chase graduated from MIT with a B.S. in mathematics in 1990. She then studied Japanese at Harvard Extension School and at Middlebury College’s Intensive Summer Language Institute. In 1985, Chase was working as a graphic designer. She then moved to Japan as a visiting scholar at Hiroshima University. She later started a computer software firm near Tokyo. While in Japan, she also did translation work. "I was good at all the hard stuff, the non-emotional stuff that’s considered more masculine." Upon return to the United States, Chase began working as an intersex activist. In 2008, Chase received a M.A. in organization development from Sonoma State University.
Activism.
Chase had a "nervous breakdown" in her mid-30s. She told "Salon" she once contemplated committing suicide "in front of the mutilating physician who had rendered her genitalia numb and scarred." When she was 35, Chase returned to the U.S. and badgered her mother for answers, then embarked on a search for a fuller understanding of what she had learned. Chase contacted many academic researchers and people with personal experiences of intersex conditions. In 1993, via a letter to the editor published in "The Sciences" July/August issue, she founded the now-defunct Intersex Society of North America (ISNA) by fiat and asked for people to write to her under her new name, Cheryl Chase, the beginning of the movement to protect the human rights of people born with intersex conditions in the U.S. In the 1990s, she began using the names Bo Laurent and Cheryl Chase simultaneously, sometimes in the same publication. She is the creator of "Hermaphrodites Speak!" (1995), a 30 minute documentary film in which several intersex people discuss the psychological impact of their conditions and the medical treatment and parenting they received.
In 1998 Chase wrote an amicus brief for the Colombian constitutional court, which was then considering a ruling on surgery for a six-year-old boy with a micropenis. In 2004, Chase and the ISNA persuaded the San Francisco Human Rights Commission to hold hearings on medical procedures for intersex infants. Chase has published commentaries in medical journals and has criticized feminist writers, including Alice Walker and Katha Pollitt, for not putting intersexuality on the feminist agenda, despite their condemnation of female genital cutting in Africa and elsewhere. ISNA was honored with the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission's 2000 Felipa de Souza Human Rights Award.
’s activism was a factor in the urology and endocrinology disciplines’ reopening of their consideration of intersex conditions. Chase advocates a more complex view of intersexuality: in particular, that difficulties cannot be eliminated by early genital surgery. In August 2006, "Pediatrics" published a letter signed by 50 international experts, including Chase, titled "Consensus Statement on the Management of Intersex Disorders". The statement, however, does not discourage surgical interventions, but does emphasize caution: 
The surgeon has a responsibility to outline the surgical sequence and subsequent consequences from infancy to adulthood. Only surgeons with expertise in the care of children and specific training in the surgery of DSD should perform these procedures. Surgery should only be considered in cases of severe virilization and be performed in conjunction, when appropriate, with repair of the common urogenital sinus. Because orgasmic function and erectile sensation may be disturbed by clitoral surgery, the surgical procedure should be anatomically based to preserve erectile function and the innervation of the clitoris.
Chase has written about being openly lesbian since her 20s. Chase married her partner of five years, Robin Mathias, in San Francisco in 2004. They live on a hobby farm in Sonoma and remarried in 2008 following the "In re Marriage Cases".

</doc>
<doc id="2922022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922022" title="Robert F. Vasa">
Robert F. Vasa

Robert Francis Vasa (born May 7, 1951) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. On Monday, January 24, 2011, Bishop Vasa, 59, was named the Coadjutor Bishop (an Auxiliary Bishop with the right of succession), to Bishop Daniel F. Walsh of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in California, by Pope Benedict XVI. Until then, he had been the fifth Bishop of Baker, in Oregon, which with his new appointment became a vacant see (sede vacante).
On 30 June 2011, Bishop Daniel F. Walsh's resignation was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI, and so Bishop Vasa officially succeeded him as Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in California immediately afterwards.
Biography.
Robert F. Vasa was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, to Joe and Leona Vasa. From 1972 to 1976, he studied at Holy Trinity Seminary in Dallas, Texas, from where he obtained a Master of Divinity degree. He was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Glennon Patrick Flavin on May 22, 1976. He then served as a curate at the Cathedral of the Risen Christ and a teacher at Pius X High School in Lincoln until 1977, when he became an advocate on the Diocesan Marriage Tribunal. In 1979 he was sent to further his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, earning a Licentiate of Canon Law in 1981.
Following his return to Nebraska, Vasa was named assistant chancellor of the Diocese of Lincoln and afterwards Father Prior of Columbian Squires. He became judicial vicar of the Diocesan Tribunal and pastor of St. James Church at Cortland in 1985. He directed the Remodeling and Fund Drive for St. Stephen Church in Exter. In addition to his duties as judicial vicar, he was appointed pastor of St. Peter Church at Lincoln in 1990. He was raised to the rank of Honorary Prelate of His Holiness in 1995. In 1996 he was named vicar general of the diocese and Moderator of the Curia. He became chairman of the Diocesan Building Commission in 1996, and served as pastor of St. Michael Church in Cheney from 1997 to 1999.
On November 19, 1999, Vasa was named the fifth Bishop of Baker, Oregon, by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on January 26, 2000 from Archbishop John George Vlazny, with Bishops Thomas Joseph Connolly and Fabian Bruskewitz serving as co-consecrators. In 2006 he implied that people who support abortion are guilty of heresy. In 2009 he described President Barack Obama's health care legislation as "fatally flawed."
In February 2010, according to a December 21, 2010 Catholic News Service online article about the status of another formerly Catholic hospital, Bishop Vasa had stated that St. Charles Medical Center in Bend, Oregon, located within the Baker Diocese, "had "gradually moved away" from the church's ethical directives and can no longer be called Catholic. As a result of that decision, Mass is no longer celebrated in the hospital's chapel and all items considered Catholic were removed from the hospital and returned to the church. The hospital retained the St. Charles name and a cross remains atop the building."

</doc>
<doc id="2922024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922024" title="KV49">
KV49

Tomb KV49, located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt is a typical Eighteenth Dynasty corridor tomb. It was probably used as a mummy-restoration area in the later New Kingdom.
The tomb was abandoned before it was completed, the work was halted as the stairwell in Chamber C was being cut.

</doc>
<doc id="2922027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922027" title="Rockley Wilson">
Rockley Wilson

Evelyn Rockley Wilson (25 March 1879 – 21 July 1957) was an English amateur first-class cricketer, who played for Cambridge University Cricket Club, Yorkshire, and England.
Life.
Wilson was born in Bolsterstone, Stocksbridge, Yorkshire, England, and educated at Bilton Grange, Rugby and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA in 1901 and MA in 1905. An amateur whose main profession was as a schoolmaster for 43 years at Winchester College (1903–1946), Wilson bowled slow right-arm spinners, that could go either way, and batted well enough to score a century on first-class cricket debut, and another one in the annual Varsity match. He played a little for Yorkshire from 1899, but after leaving Cambridge in 1902, he then played no first-class cricket for the next ten years, preferring, or so he claimed, to play three club matches a week rather than two county games.
But after an approach in 1913 by Hampshire, where he lived, was turned down, he was persuaded to rejoin Yorkshire, the county of his birth, and stayed with them until 1923, playing mostly in the August school holidays. He played 66 times for Yorkshire.
He served in the First World War in the army, being commissioned Lieutenant in the Rifle Brigade before transferring to intelligence staff work. He demobilised as Captain in 1919.
In 1920, at the age of 41, he bowled so successfully that he finished fourth in the national averages, and was given leave from Winchester, to tour Australia with the 1920–21 MCC team, led by Johnny Douglas.
In a disastrous series in which the Australian cricket team won all five Tests, Wilson made his Test debut at the age of 41 years and 337 days, the second oldest debutant in English cricket (after James Southerton in the first Test match of them all in 1877). He scored five in each innings and took three wickets cheaply, but England still lost the match. Wilson also ran into trouble on the tour for filing reports back to the "Daily Express" newspaper. As a result, when he subsequently encountered Lord Harris in the Long Room at Lord's, the encounter was frosty. Harris offered him only the most cursory of handshakes, leaving him to observe loudly enough for Harris to hear as he moved on: "Lucky to get a touch really, lucky to get a touch."
Known as a witty, self-deprecating man, Wilson is credited as an influence on several generations of public school cricketers at Winchester. Amongst his pupils was Douglas Jardine. Just before the 1932-3 Bodyline series, Wilson was asked by a journalist what England's prospects were under Jardine's captaincy. "He might well win us the Ashes," Wilson said, "but he might lose us a Dominion."
His brother, Clem Wilson, also played for Yorkshire and England.
Wilson died in July 1957 in Winchester, Hampshire, England, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="2922028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922028" title="Natural Law Party of Ontario candidates, 1995 Ontario provincial election">
Natural Law Party of Ontario candidates, 1995 Ontario provincial election

The Natural Law Party of Ontario ran several candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected. 
Monique Poudrette (Hamilton Centre).
Poudrette was fifty-five years old at the time of the election. She was a transcendental meditation teacher living in Toronto, and was listed as holding a Bachelor of Commerce degree. She supported tax reductions and a simplified tax system ("Hamilton Spectator", 27 May 1995). Poudrette received 331 votes (1.52%), finishing fifth against New Democratic Party incumbent David Christopherson.
Marcy Sheremetta (St. Catharines).
Sheremetta is a reverend in the Niagara Peninsula, working with an organization called Holistic Living.[http://1stholistic.com/Spl_prayers/prayer_grace-for-groups.htm] She received 153 votes (0.52%), finishing fifth against Liberal incumbent Jim Bradley.
Vivek Narula (Windsor—Walkerville).
Narula grew up in Chatham, and lived in Toronto at the time of the 1995 election. He graduated from Maharishi High School in Fairfield, Iowa in 1987, and described himself as a professional writer. ("Windsor Star", 3 June 1995). He received 156 votes (0.63%), finishing last in a field of five candidates. The winner was Dwight Duncan of the Ontario Liberal Party.
In 2004, an individual named Vivek Narula joined the Canadian company New Media Architects, Ltd. as Marketing Manager.[http://www.nma.ca/Page.asp?PageID=122&ContentID=541&SiteNodeID=200] He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration and a Master of Arts degree in Creative Writing. It is not clear if this is the same person.

</doc>
<doc id="2922033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922033" title="Irina Denezhkina">
Irina Denezhkina

Irina Denezhkina (; born October 31, 1981 in Yekaterinburg) is a Russian controversial writer, notable for a vulgar style of her works, which is explained by some as a reflection of the modern reality, as of the Millennial Generation (e.g. her most famous collected stories "Give Me for Lovers", Russian: "Дай мне!", published by Limbus Press in 2002). In the beginning of 2004 the book was published in the United States. Her first works, signed by a pseudonym Niger's sister (сестра Нигера), appeared in Internet in 2000. In 2008, she was the recipient of Romania's Ovid Festival Prize, awarded to a prominent young talent.

</doc>
<doc id="2922038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922038" title="Katagum">
Katagum

Katagum is a town, a local government area and a traditional emirate in Bauchi State of northern Nigeria. The town is located on the northern bank of the Jama'are River, which is a tributary of the Hadejia. Most of the inhabitants are Muslim, along with people from the Fulani, Kanuri, Hausa, Mangawa, Bede, Karekare, Ngizim, Shirawa, or Teshenawa tribes. Chief agricultures include peanuts (groundnuts), sorghum, millet, rice (especially in the riverine fadamas, or "floodplains"), cowpeas, cotton, indigo, and gum arabic. Livestock include cattle, goats, sheep, and donkeys.
Local Government Area.
The town of Katagum is the administrative centre of Zaki Local Government Area (LGA). The Katagum LGA is a completely separate and distinct LGA south of the Zaki LGA, from which it is separated by the Itas/Gadau LGA; the Katagum LGA thus does not include the town of the same name; it has an area of 1,436 km2 and a population of 295,970 at the 2006 Census; its administrative centre is Azare, and its postcode is 752.
History.
Originally the seat of an emirate founded around 1807 by Ibrahim Zakiyul Kalbi (aka Malam Zaki), a soldier in the Fulani jihad. In 1812, he destroyed the capital of the Kanem-Bornu Empire, Ngazargamu, 115 mi. E.N.E. of Katagum, and was named king of Bornu by the leader of the jihad, Usama dan Fodio. After his victory, Malam Zaki returned to the area and founded Katagum in 1814. A decade later, when the Scottish explorers Hugh Clapperton and Walter Oudney visited Katagum, they found it had two surrounding walls, each 20 ft. in height with a 10 ft. base and four gates. There was also a community mosque, and trade was accomplished using cowrie shells for currency. Oudney died in Katagum that same year, 1824, and was buried at Murmur, a settlement to the south.
During the mid-to-late 1820s, Bornu recaptured most of the area from the Fulani, forcing the Katagum community to evacuate in 1826. Later that year, their Kanuri tribal warriors, were defeated 90 mi. W.S.W. at Fake by a joint coalition led by Yakubu, the king of Bauchi, and Dan Kauwa, Katagum's chieftain (amir), with an emirate to the south. Returned to Fulani control, the Katagum emirate was prosperous until the 1850s, when wars with Amir Buhari of nearby Hadejia diminished them greatly.
In 1903, after the fall of Kano city (130 mi. W.) to the British, it became part of Katagum Province, which was then made a division of Kano Province in 1905. In 1916, the seat was transferred to Azare (43 mi south-southwest). A decade later, the emirate was merged into Bauchi Province.

</doc>
<doc id="2922041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922041" title="Mordecai Lincoln">
Mordecai Lincoln

Mordecai Lincoln (1771 – 1830 in Hancock County, Illinois) was the uncle of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. He was the son of Captain Abraham Lincoln, brother of Thomas Lincoln and Mary Lincoln Crume and husband of Mary Mudd. He is buried at the Old Catholic or Lincoln Cemetery near Fountain Green, Illinois.
Mordecai's Springfield, Kentucky home, is the only home built by a member of the Lincoln family that still stands in its original location. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Early life.
Mordecai was the first child born to Abraham Lincoln (1744–1786) and Bathsheba Herring (c1742–1836), having been born in 1771 Augusta County, now Rockingham County, Virginia. Abraham had been given 210 acres of prime Virginian land from his father, John Lincoln, and later sold the land to move in 1782 to western Virginia, now Kentucky. He amassed an estate of 5,544 acres of prime Kentucky land, realizing the bounty as advised by Daniel Boone, a relative of the Lincoln family. The couple had five children: Mordecai, Josiah, Thomas, Ann (Nancy) and Mary.
The family settled in Jefferson County, about twenty miles (32 km) east of the site of Louisville. The territory was still contested by Indians living across the Ohio River. For protection the settlers lived near frontier forts, called stations, to which they retreated when the alarm was given. Abraham Lincoln settled near Hughes' Station on Floyd's Fork and began clearing land, planting corn, and building a cabin.
One day in May 1786, Abraham Lincoln was working in his field with his three sons when he was shot from the nearby forest and fell to the ground. The eldest boy, Mordecai, ran to the cabin for the loaded gun, while the middle son, Josiah, ran to Hughes' Station for help. Thomas, the youngest, stood in shock by his father. From the cabin, Mordecai saw an American Indian come out of the forest and stop by his father's body. The Indian reached for Thomas. Mordecai took aim and shot the Indian in the chest, killing him and saving Thomas from the presumably ill-intentioned Indian. After having seen his father killed, Mordecai maintained a hatred and "avenging spirit" towards Indians.
Soon after his mother moved the family to Washington County, Kentucky (near Springfield). After Mordecai's father died, Mordecai as the eldest son inherited his father's land and property, according to the system of primogeniture. Left without a patrimony like many younger sons, Josiah and Thomas had to make their own way in the world.
A replica of the home where Bathsheba raised the five children was erected in 1934 in the Lincoln Homestead State Park.
Adulthood.
In 1792 he married Mary Mudd, daughter of Luke Mudd. In January 1797 Mordecai sold his inherited property in Jefferson County that had been purchased by his father in 1780. He sold the 400 acres for 400 pounds. Four months later, he purchased 300 acres in Springfield, Kentucky for 100 pounds from Terah Templin. Templin was Kentucky's first ordained Presbyterian minister. The two storied cabin, called the Lincoln Homestead was built when Mordecai was 26 years of age. Between 1810 and 1815 the two story cabin was enlarged and faced with a Federal-style frame by Wilfred Hayden, the second owner of the home. The actual, enlarged and renovated Mordecai Lincoln Homestead is located on its original site, the only Lincoln family home believed to be on its original location.
The couple had six children. Three sons were named Abraham, James and Mordecai. All of their children were born in Washington County, Kentucky.
Mordecai lived near his friend Richard Berry, the home where his brother Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Hanks were married in 1806. In 1802 Mordecai sold 200 of the 300 acres and the home; In 1806 he sold the final 100 acres. Mordecai bred racehorses.
Lincoln owned more than 400 acres by 1810. Mordecai and his family moved to Grayson County, Kentucky from Washington County in 1811. In the spring of 1828 he moved from his Grayson County home to Fountain Park (Fountain Green, Illinois), Hancock County, Illinois with other families of the Catholic faith; Four of the couple's six children moved with them. Mordecai was "overtaken" and died during a three day blizzard in December 1830 in Fountain Green. Although his horse returned during the storm, he was captured in the snow that drifted up to 20 feet and his body was not recovered until the snow melted in April. Following Mordecai's death, Mary lived with her unmarried son Mordecai at the time of her death.
Mordecai was known for his intellect, common sense, generosity and story telling.
Relationship with Abraham Lincoln.
In regards to Mordecai's wit and talents, on several occasions, President Lincoln referred to his uncle as his most important familial influence, and once remarked that "Uncle Mord had run off with all the talents of the family."
Like Abraham Lincoln, his uncle's family was also subject to depression, called "the Lincoln horrors." Aside from sharing the tendency to melancholy, Mordecai and his sons also appeared to share a sense of humor as well as a physical resemblance with Abraham Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="2922042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922042" title="Inis na Bró">
Inis na Bró

Inishnabro () is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry, Ireland. It is separated from Inishvickillane by a narrow sound (ca. 200 metres), and rises to 175 metres.
In 1973, the U.S. commercial space pioneer Gary Hudson proposed using Inis na Bró as the launching site for a new rocket system. The proposal only became public in 2003, when Irish Government files from the period were released under the 30-year rule.

</doc>
<doc id="2922045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922045" title="Lee Presley">
Lee Presley

Lee Presley (played by James Watts) was a fictional footballer for Harchester United on the television show "Dream Team". His predominant position was a striker.
Playing career.
Lee Presley was found by the former agent Jeff Stein. Jeff found Lee at a match of his nephew's and saw the match and came over. When he came over Lee was dominating the game. After the game followed him and found him at a prison. He had a talk with him and decided to be his adopted parent and said he was married to Nikki Peggs (work at Harchester United). After he adopted him he talked to Harchester United if Lee could practice with them. Then after the time he was practicing player/manager Stuart Naysmith liked what he saw but Jeff didn't want Lee to start playing for Harchester United yet. He wanted Lee to be signed when he was eighteen so he could get a signing bonus. Which in the end he didn't work because Stuart started him or played him in a game and Presley scored. Then since Jeff beforehand tried with all his might to not let him play before his eighteenth birthday made Lee mad and he got offers from different agents to represent him. 

</doc>
<doc id="2922049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922049" title="Ludwig Klages">
Ludwig Klages

Ludwig Klages (10 December 1872 – 29 July 1956) was a German philosopher, psychologist and a theoretician in the field of handwriting analysis.
Life.
Klages was born in Hanover, Germany. In Munich he studied physics, philosophy and chemistry - however, after completing his doctorate in chemistry he resolved never to work as a chemist. He met the sculptor Hans Busse and with him and Georg Meyer he founded the Deutsche Graphologische Gesellschaft (German Graphology Association) in 1894.
In Munich Klages also encountered the writer Karl Wolfskehl and the mystic Alfred Schuler. He was a lover of Fanny zu Reventlow, the "Bohemian Countess" of Schwabing, and with Wolfskehl, Schuler and the writer Ludwig Derleth they formed a group known as the Munich Cosmic Circle, with which the poet Stefan George is sometimes associated. He wrote a book praising George's poetry in 1902. As a member of this group his philosophy contrasted the "degenerate" modern world with an ancient, and mystical, Germanic past, with a heroic role for the artist in forging a new future. George distanced himself from Klages' mystical philosophy (which was shared by Schuler), but continued for a time to publish Klages' poems in his journal "Blätter für die Kunst". Wolfskehl acquainted Klages with the work of Johann Jakob Bachofen (1815-1887), a Swiss anthropologist and sociologist, and his research into matriarchal clans.
In 1914 at the outbreak of war Klages moved to Switzerland and supported himself with his writing and income from lectures. He returned to Germany in the 1920s and in 1932 was awarded the Goethe medal for Art and Science. However by 1936 he was under attack from Nazi authorities for lack of support and on his 70th birthday in 1942 was denounced by many newspapers in Germany. After the war he was honoured by the new government, particularly on his 80th birthday in 1952.
Work.
He created a complete theory of graphology and will be long associated with the concepts of form level, rhythm and bi-polar interpretation. He is important because together with Nietzsche and Bergson he anticipated existential phenomenology. He also coined the term logocentrism in the 1920s.
He was the author of 14 books and 60 articles (1910-1948). He was co-editor of the journals "Berichte" (1897-8) and its successor "Graphologische Monatshefte" until 1908. 
His most important works are:
As a philosopher, Klages took the Nietzschean premises of Lebensphilosophie "to their most extreme conclusions." He drew a distinction between life-affirming "Seele" (spirit) and life-destroying "Geist" (mind). "Geist" represented the forces of "modern, industrial, and intellectual rationalization", while "Seele" represented the possibility of overcoming "alienated intellectuality in favor of a new-found earthly rootedness."
When Klages died, the German philosopher Jürgen Habermas urged that Klages' "realizations concerning anthropology and philosophy of language" should not be left "hidden behind the veil" of Klages' "anti-intellectualist metaphysics and apocalyptic philosophy of history". Habermas characterized these realizations as "not outdated" but ahead of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="2922050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922050" title="Allasani Peddana">
Allasani Peddana

Allasani Peddana () (15th and 16th centuries CE) was a famous Telugu poet and was ranked as the foremost of the "Ashtadiggajalu" the title for the group of eight poets in the court of King Krishnadevaraya, a ruler of the Vijayanagara Empire.
Biography.
Peddana was a native of Somandepalli near Anantapur. He later moved Peddanapadu, a small village located at 5 km from Yerraguntla on Yerraguntla-Vempalli road in Kadapa District, which is an Agraharam given by Krishnadevaraya. Alternative sources say his birthplace as Dornala village near the present day Srisailam. Still there are few remains around the village which strongly indicates about his presence in that area. He was a nandavarika Brahmin. First he was a smartha and then converted to vaishnavam by his guru sathakopa yati.
He wrote the first major Prabandha, a form of fictional poetry in Telugu, and for this reason, he is revered as "Andhra Kavita Pitamaha" (literally "the grand father of Telugu poetry"). It is believed that he was also a minister in the king's court and is hence sometimes referred as "Peddanaamaatya" (Sandhi: Peddana + Amaatya = Peddana, the minister). He dedicated his works to king Krishnadevaraya.
Lores.
Meaning I became a living dead by not going to heaven along with Sri Krishna Deva Raya .
Works.
His famous work was "Swaarochisha Manu Sambhavam" (also known as "Manu Charitra"). This work is the development of an episode in Markandeya Puranam relating to the birth of Svarochishamanu, who
is one of the fourteen Manus. Pravarakhyudu is a pious Brahmin youth who goes to Himalayas for Tapasya. In Himalayas Varudhini, a Gandharva girl falls in love with him, but Pravarakhya rejects her love. Knowing this a Gandharva youth who was earlier rejected by Varudhini assumes the form of Pravarakhya and succeeds to win her love. To them is born Svarochisha, the father of SvArochishamanu. 
Some of his other famous works such as "Harikathaasaaramu" are untraceable now.
Style.
The theme for his "Manu Charitra" is a short story from Markandeya Purana. It is about second "Manu" of fourteen manus (fathers of mankind societies according to Hindu mythology), translated into Telugu from Sanskrit by Marana (1291–1323), disciple of Tikkana. The original story was around 150 poems and Peddana extended into six chapters with 600 poems by adding fiction and descriptions.
His work was treated as one of the Pancha Kavyas, the five best works in Telugu. Peddana used a mix of words from Telugu and Sanskrit and a small number of Kannada words.

</doc>
<doc id="2922054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922054" title="KV28">
KV28

Tomb KV28 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It was first excavated by persons unknown, and the recent excavations by Donald P. Ryan have found a large number of damaged items from two individuals, possibly nobles of the nearby tomb of Thutmose IV.

</doc>
<doc id="2922055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922055" title="Serbin, Texas">
Serbin, Texas

Serbin is an unincorporated community in southwestern Lee County, Texas, United States. Located about east of Austin, it was originally established as Low Pin Oak Settlement by Sorbian (Wendish) immigrants to Texas in the mid-1850s. The community's name was changed to "Serbin", meaning "Sorbian land", prior to 1860.
The largest single migration of Sorbian immigrants to the United States settled in Texas, using Serbin as the "mother colony". On September 20, 1854, about 550 Sorbian Lutherans from congregations in Prussia and Saxony left for Texas under the leadership and pastoral care of John Kilian. Upon arriving in Texas, the people of present-day Serbin became the earliest members of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod in Texas. St. Paul Lutheran Church, built in 1871, stands as a typical example of Wendish architecture; the pulpit is located in the balcony of the church.
The Texas Wendish Heritage Museum is housed in Serbin on the St. Paul church grounds. Occupying three independent buildings including a former St. Paul parochial school, the museum also has two outdoor exhibits of an intact log cabin and part of a dogtrot house.
It is unclear whether either of the two Sorbian languages is still spoken in Serbin. According to the 2000 U.S. census, 37 people in the 78942 ZIP Code area (which also includes Giddings and other nearby towns) spoke a Slavic language other than Polish or Russian at home.

</doc>
<doc id="2922060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922060" title="Jacob's Sound">
Jacob's Sound

"Jacob's Sound" is a film directed by Anna Dudley released in 2003 starring Tyhm Kennedy and Nicole Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="2922067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922067" title="KNPC">
KNPC

KNPC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922069" title="Regina Belle">
Regina Belle

Regina Belle (born July 17, 1963 in Englewood, New Jersey) is an American singer-songwriter and actress who first started in the mid 1980s. She is notable for her Grammy award winning duet with Peabo Bryson, "A Whole New World" for the Disney's 1992 animated feature film "Aladdin" .
Early life and Education.
Belle was born in Englewood, New Jersey. It was at Englewood's Mount Calvary Baptist Church, and then Paterson's Friendship Baptist Church (presided over by Belle's uncle, the Reverend Fred Belle), that Belle began attracting attention with her vocal abilities. She sang her first solo in church at age 8. Belle attended Dwight Morrow High School where she studied trombone, tuba and steel drums. After graduation, she studied opera at the Manhattan School of Music. At Rutgers University, she became the first female vocalist with the school's jazz ensemble. Belle's musical influences include Phyllis Hyman, Billie Holiday, Shirley Caesar, and Nancy Wilson.
Belle was introduced to the Manhattans by New York radio DJ Vaughn Harper and began working as their opening act. She recorded the duet "Where Did We Go Wrong" with the group which helped to attract the attention of Columbia Records. They eventually signed her to a record deal.
Career.
In 1987, she released her debut album "All By Myself." It includes her first hits "So Many Tears" and "Show Me the Way." Her follow-up album, "Stay with Me", released in 1989. Belle recorded a duet in 1991 with Johnny Mathis, "Better Together" which appeared on his album "Better Together: The Duet Album". Continuing her tradition of duets, Belle teamed up with Peabo Bryson for the songs "I Can't Imagine", "Without You" and "A Whole New World", which was the featured pop single from the soundtrack to the 1992 Disney movie "Aladdin". The song hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and won the Grammy Award in 1993 for "Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal as well as a "Best Song" Oscar in the same year
In 2007, she collaborated with smooth jazz saxophonist Paul Taylor, co-writing and singing on his album "Ladies Choice". Belle released her debut gospel album "Love Forever Shines" on May 13, 2008 via Pendulum Records. The 14-track collection features guests Melvin Williams (of the Williams Brothers) and Shirley Murdock. On June 5, 2012, she released on Pendulum her second gospel album, called "Higher", on which Belle stated: "I think that, with the second CD ["Higher"] I had a better understanding of where I wanted to go to "Love Forever Shines"." Belle has appeared in concert with many other performers, including Ray Charles, Boney James, Paul Taylor, The Rippingtons, Gerald Albright, Will Downing, Maze, Frankie Beverly, Phil Perry, Al Jarreau, and Stephanie Mills.
Personal Life.
Belle resides in Atlanta, Georgia and is married to ex-NBA basketball player John Battle. Battle played 10 years in the NBA with the Atlanta Hawks and Cleveland Cavaliers. He is now a pastor in Atlanta, Georgia. Belle and Battle have five children: Winter (1979), Tiy (1989), Jayln (1991), Sydney (1994), and Nyla (November 10, 1995). Winter, the eldest daughter, is married and has 2 children, Lea and Joshua, making Belle a grandmother.

</doc>
<doc id="2922070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922070" title="Australia–Japan relations">
Australia–Japan relations

Australian–Japanese relations are generally warm, substantial and driven by mutual interests, with both nations having close ties with the Western world. Japan is one of Australia's major economic partners: it is Australia's "largest trading partner and an increasingly important source of capital investment". In recent times the relations have expanded beyond strong economic and commercial links to other spheres, including culture, tourism, defense and scientific cooperation.
There has been some tensions in the relationship, such as World War II, whaling, and Japan's perceived economic domination (although such tensions have eased somewhat) in response to Japan's economic stagnation of the 1990s, and Australia's economic growth. However, Australian government and business leaders see Japan as a vital export market and an essential element in Australia's future growth and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region. Japan on its part regards Australia as an important partner, a reliable source of energy, minerals and other primary products, a popular tourist destination, a useful conduit to the West and the only other middle-ranking economic power in the Asia-Pacific. Australia's current Prime-Minister Tony Abbott recently hailed Japan as Australia's closest friend in Asia, and plans on creating a Free Trade Agreement between the two nations in the coming year.
According to a #global survey conducted at the end of 2013, Australia is the most popular country for Japanese people to live in.
Colonial and post-federation relations between Australia and the Empire of Japan.
The first recorded import of Australian coal by Japan occurred in 1865, and the first recorded Japanese imports of Australian wool occurred in 1888. The first Japanese person known to have settled in Australia was a merchant who immigrated to Queensland in 1871. By the start of the Australian Federation in 1901, it was estimated that Australia had 4000 Japanese immigrants, mostly based around Townsville where the Japanese government had established its first consulate in 1896. The immigrants worked mostly in the sugar cane and maritime industries including turtle, trochus, trepang and pearl harvesting. Further immigration was effectively terminated with the Australian Immigration Restriction Act of 1902, with the imposition of a "dictation test" in a European language on prospective immigrants, and with the White Australia policy. Due to this the Townsville consulate closed in 1908.
In 1930–31, Japan was "Australia's third most important trading partner". However, economic relations continued to flourish, and by the mid-1930s, Japan had become Australia's second largest export market after the United Kingdom. However, in 1936, Britain applied political pressure on Australia to curb the import of Japanese textiles, which were damaging the British textile market in Australia. Japan reacted to the new tariffs with trade barriers of its own. After both sides realized that the trade war was unproductive, an agreement was reached in 1937 to relax restrictions.
In recognition of the importance of Japanese ties, Tokyo was the second capital (after Washington DC in the United States) where Australia established a legation separate from the British embassy.
During World War II, Australian territory was directly threatened by Japanese invasion, and Japanese forces attacked Darwin in Northern Australia and Sydney Harbour. In 1941, the ethnic Japanese population in Australia was interned, and most were deported to Japan at the end of the war. Australian forces played an active combat role in battles throughout the Southeast Asia and South West Pacific theater of World War II, and a significant role in the post-war Occupation of Japan.
During the Occupation period.
The first time a large number of Australians were in Japan was during the postwar Occupation of Japan. Australians were part of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force. Around 16,000 Australians served in the force. For the entire length of its history the BCOF had an Australian officer. The Australian contribution to the force was 4,700 infantry, 5,300 base personnel, 2,200 from the Royal Australian Air Force, and 130 from the Australian General Hospital. The Royal Australian Navy was also present as part of the British Pacific Fleet.
For two-thirds of the period of occupation the Commonwealth was represented solely by Australians.
Australia played a minor role in the Japan campaign in the last months of the war and was preparing to participate in the invasion of Japan at the time the war ended. Several Australian warships operated with the British Pacific Fleet (BPF) during the Battle of Okinawa and Australian destroyers later escorted British aircraft carriers and battleships during attacks on targets in the Japanese home islands. Despite its distance from Japan, Australia was the BPF's main base and a large number of facilities were built to support the fleet.
Australia's participation in the planned invasion of Japan would have involved elements of all three services fighting as part of Commonwealth forces. It was planned to form a new 10th Division from existing AIF personnel which would form part of the Commonwealth Corps with British, Canadian and New Zealand units. The corps' organisation was to be identical to that of a US Army corps, and it would have participated in the invasion of the Japanese home island of Honshū which was scheduled for March 1946. Australian ships would have operated with the BPF and US Pacific Fleet and two RAAF heavy bomber squadrons and a transport squadron were scheduled to be redeployed from Britain to Okinawa to join the strategic bombardment of Japan as part of Tiger Force. 
General Blamey signed the Japanese Instrument of Surrender on behalf of Australia during the ceremony held on board on 2 September 1945. Several RAN warships were among the Allied ships anchored in Tokyo Bay during the proceedings. Following the main ceremony on board "Missouri", Japanese field commanders surrendered to Allied forces across the Pacific Theatre. Australian forces accepted the surrender of their Japanese opponents at ceremonies conducted at Morotai, several locations in Borneo, Timor, Wewak, Rabaul, Bougainville and Nauru.
Post-war diplomatic relations.
Diplomatic relations between Australia and Japan were re-established in 1952, following the termination of the Allied occupation, and Haruhiko Nishi was appointed as Japanese ambassador to Australia.
Australia and Japan celebrated the thirtieth anniversary of the 1976 Basic Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation in 2006. In a joint statement issued in March 2006, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer and Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Aso declared the "partnership" between Australia and Japan, based on "shared democratic values, mutual respect, deep friendship, and shared strategic views", to be "stronger than ever".
Australia and Japan have agreed to work together towards the reform of the United Nations, including the realisation of Japan's permanent membership of the Security Council, and to strengthen various regional forums, including the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) and the East Asia Summit (EAS).
In March 2007 Australia and Japan signed a joint security pact.
The scope of security cooperation includes:
During the deployment of the Japan Self-Defense Forces on a humanitarian and reconstruction mission to Iraq from 2004 to 2006, Australian units assisted Japanese Special Forces in the protection of Japanese bases. 
Diplomatic relations have come under pressure over ideological differences regarding Japan's scientific whaling program. In May 2010, Australia started legal action to halt Japanese whale hunts, despite senior Australian officials and bureaucrats expressing the opinion that the legal action would likely fail. Japan's repeated requests that Australia cease its support for Sea Shepherd's violent attacks upon its whaling fleet have been refused.
This turned around in 2013 with the new Abbott Government calling Japan Australia's "closest friend" in Asia.
Economic relations, tourism and migration.
Australian trade had shifted away from other Commonwealth countries toward Asia around the 1960s and 1970s. Japan in particular had emerged as the leading trading partner. In 1966–67, Japan surpassed the United Kingdom "to become the largest market for Australian exports". Japan is now the second largest export market for Australia (after China), although Japan is ranked only third as a source of imports to Australia after the United States and China. Because of this, Australia has had a trade surplus with Japan.
Australia is a predominant source of food and raw materials for Japan. In 1990 Australia accounted for 5.3 percent of total Japanese imports, a share that held relatively steady in the late 1980s. Australia was the largest single supplier of coal, iron ore, wool, and sugar to Japan in 1990. Australia is also a supplier of uranium. By 1988 Japanese investment made Australia the single largest source of Japanese regional imports. The ban on American and Canadian beef recently made Australia the largest supplier of beef in Japan.
Resource development projects in Australia attracted Japanese capital, as did trade protectionism by necessitating local production for the Australian market. Investments in Australia totaled US$8.1 billion in 1988, accounting for 4.4 percent of Japanese direct investment abroad. But, because of the broadening reach of Japan's foreign investment, this share had been declining, down from 5.9 percent in 1980. During the 1980s, Japanese real estate investment increased in Australia, particularly in the ocean resort area known as the Gold Coast, where Japanese presence was strong enough to create some resentment.
As Japan protects its agriculture, Australia faces quotas, high tariffs, and standards barriers in exporting agricultural products including beef, butter, and apples to Japan. Japan is "Australia's largest beef export market, taking almost 36% of all beef shipped in 2011".
Negotiations commenced in 2007 on a bilateral free trade agreement between Australia and Japan.
Both countries attract a considerable number of tourists from the other country, with Australia being a favourite diving and surfing spot and Japan famous for its culture, especially in Kyoto.
As Australia trades raw minerals to Japan for large amounts of earnings, while Japan trades technology such as televisions, computers and cars. Japan is one of the leading suppliers of a number of manufactured goods imported to Australia: Japan has been the principal source of cars and motorcycles being imported to Australia.
According to Australian Bureau of Statistics data from 2006, 40,968 Australian people claimed Japanese ancestry. According the Australian Embassy, Tokyo, there are presently more than 9,000 Australian citizens resident in Japan; which makes Australians a significant minority in Japan, where the foreign population is only a small percentage of the total population.
Japan allows visa-free access to Australians, and Australia has reciprocated: Australia allows Japanese to apply for Electronic Travel Authority (ETA) immediate authorisation - visa-free access for up to 3 months.

</doc>
<doc id="2922073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922073" title="Great Blasket Island">
Great Blasket Island

Great Blasket ("An Blascaod Mór" in Irish) is the principal island of the Blaskets, County Kerry, Ireland.
Geography.
The island lies approximately 2 km from the mainland at Dunmore Head, and extends 6 km to the southwest, rising to 292 metres at its highest point (An Cró Mór). The nearest mainland town is Dunquin; a ferry to the island operates from a nearby pier during summer months. Despite its close proximity to the mainland, visitors to the Dingle coast can often not see the island through the notorious sea mist.
History.
The island was inhabited until 1953, when the Irish government decided that it could no longer guarantee the safety of the remaining population. It was the home of three noted Irish writers: Tomás Ó Criomhthain, Peig Sayers and Muiris Ó Súilleabháin. Their works were all written in Irish, and have all been translated into English, as well as other languages. The homes of Tomás Ó Criomhthain and Muiris Ó Súilleabháin are now in ruins but the house in which Sayers once lived has been restored, and used to form part of the hostel which previously functioned on the island.
Until 1953, the inhabitants of Great Blasket Island formed the most westerly settlement in Ireland. The small fishing community (even at its peak the population was hardly more than 150) mostly lived in primitive cottages perched on the relatively sheltered north-east shore. In April 1947, having been cut off from the mainland for weeks due to bad weather, the islanders sent a telegram to the Taoiseach, Éamon de Valera, urgently requesting supplies which duly arrived two days later by boat.
Literature.
Considering the tiny population, the island has produced a remarkable number of gifted writers who brought vividly to life their harsh existence and who kept alive old Irish folk tales of the land. Best known are "Machnamh Seanamhná" ("An Old Woman's Reflections", Peig Sayers, 1939), "Fiche Bliain Ag Fás" ("Twenty Years A-Growing", Muiris Ó Súilleabháin, 1933), and "An tOileánach" ("The Islandman", Tomás Ó Criomhthain, 1929).
Ownership dispute.
The hostel and cafe that once operated on the island have been closed as a result of a dispute between the Irish State which wishes to make the island a national park and an individual who claims to own the greater part of the island. The differences between the State and Blascaoid Mor Teoranta (BMT) were settled by an agreement made in August 2007; subject to the granting of planning permission, the deal meant that more than 95% of the island land, including the old village, would be sold to the State and become a de facto national park. In 2009 the Office of Public Works bought most of the property on the island, including the deserted village, and the state is now the majority landowner. Guided tours of the island were launched in 2010 and plans are underway for the preservation and conservation of the old village. 

</doc>
<doc id="2922074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922074" title="Tune in Tomorrow">
Tune in Tomorrow

Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 film comedy directed by Jon Amiel. 
It is based on the Mario Vargas Llosa novel "Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter", and was released under that name in many countries. Relocated from the novel’s setting in 1950s-era Lima, Peru to New Orleans, Louisiana that same decade, it stars Peter Falk, Keanu Reeves and Barbara Hershey in a story surrounding a radio drama and love. Supporting roles were filled by actors including Elizabeth McGovern, Hope Lange, Henry Gibson, John Larroquette, Buck Henry, Dedee Pfeiffer and the Neville Brothers. The soundtrack for the film was composed by Wynton Marsalis, who makes a cameo appearance with various members of his band.
Reception.
Review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 45% of critics gave the film positive write-ups, based on 11 reviews. Film critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 2 and a half stars out of 4, noting that "sometimes we laugh easily, sometimes uncertainly, and sometimes we just look at the screen and wonder why anyone thought that was funny."

</doc>
<doc id="2922075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922075" title="KV30">
KV30

Tomb KV30 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. It was discovered by Giovanni Belzoni in 1817, working on a commission from the Second Earl Belmore. As a consequence, it is also known as "Lord Belmore's tomb".
Nothing is known about the tomb's original occupant or occupants.

</doc>
<doc id="2922077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922077" title="Kuwait National Petroleum Company">
Kuwait National Petroleum Company

The Kuwait National Petroleum Company is the national oil refining company of Kuwait. Established in October 1960, KNPC handles the responsibility of oil refining, gas liquefaction, and distribution of petroleum goods within the local market.
History.
Established in October 1960 as a share-holding company owned by the Kuwait government and private sector, KNPC became fully government-owned in 1975. Since 1968 the company had been exporting petroleum products from its Shuaiba Refinery. In 1980, following the restructuring of the oil sector in Kuwait, KNPC was placed under the newly created Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC), which was also government owned. Under this position, KNPC took control of distributing petroleum products within Kuwait, along with the ownership of the Mina Ahmadi and Mina Abdullah refineries.
Refineries.
The Contracts have now been revoked and the project being out on hold for lack of transparency in the awarding of the contracts to the companies mentioned above.

</doc>
<doc id="2922080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922080" title="Everybody Wins (film)">
Everybody Wins (film)

Everybody Wins is a play written by Arthur Miller, who also wrote the screenplay for the film of the same name, directed by Karel Reisz, released in 1990 and starring Debra Winger and Nick Nolte.
Synopsis.
A prominent doctor from New England has been murdered, and his young nephew has been convicted for the crime. A seductive, possibly unstable woman named Angela Crispini persuades a private investigator, Tom O'Toole, to look into the case. She claims that the youth is innocent and that "everybody" knows who the real killer is.
O'Toole lives with his sister, Connie, who is convinced Crispini is just using him. O'Toole is determined to get to the bottom of the case, in part due to his contempt for Charley Haggerty, the district attorney.
He discovers that Crispini may be a prostitute and that she also had been romantically involved with Haggerty before him. O'Toole enlists the help of a friendly judge, Murdoch, only to see Crispini use her ways to win the judge's favor as well.
Production.
The film was shot primarily in Norwich, Connecticut. Some of its featured locations include: Norwich City Hall, the Norwich Free Academy, the Harbor, Park Church, Canterbury Turnpike, Washington Street and Washington Street Extension, the now-renovated Mobil station, downtown Norwich, as well as many identifiable homes. One scene is set against a backdrop of a colorful (yet no longer existing) mural. The concluding scene features a stately white house on top of a hill off Washington Street Extension.
The film's score features music by Leon Redbone.
Reception.
"Everybody Wins" received negative reviews from critics, as it currently holds a 17% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
One notable exception was Pauline Kael, who reviewed the film in laudatory terms in her last collection, "Movie Love". Kael wrote: "Debra Winger is one of the two or three finest screen actresses we've got. For a brief period in the late sixties and early seventies, moviegoers seemed willing to be guided through a movie by their intuition and imagination; if this slyly funny picture about the spread of corruption had been released then, it might have been considered a minor classic. It's satirical in an odd, halucinatory way. There are fresh, often startling scenes. The picture is a classically constructed detective story, with a mysterious woman who lures the fact-oriented man into something that ramifies in every direction and is way over his head."

</doc>
<doc id="2922081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922081" title="Separatrix (dynamical systems)">
Separatrix (dynamical systems)

In mathematics, a separatrix refers to the boundary separating two modes of behaviour in a differential equation. 
Example.
Consider the differential equation describing the motion of a simple pendulum:
where formula_2 denotes the length of the pendulum, formula_3 the gravitational acceleration and formula_4 the angle between the pendulum and vertically downwards. In this system there is a conserved quantity H (the Hamiltonian), which is given by
formula_5
With this defined, one can plot a curve of constant H in the phase space of system. The phase space is a graph with formula_4 along the horizontal axis and formula_7 on the vertical axis - see the thumbnail to the right. The type of resulting curve depends upon the value of H. 
If formula_8 then no curve exist (formula_7 must be imaginary). 
If formula_10 then the curve will be a simple closed curve (see curve) which is nearly circular for small H and becomes "eye" shape when H approaches the upper bound. These curves correspond to the pendulum swinging periodically from side to side. 
If formula_11 then the curve is open, and this corresponds to the pendulum forever swinging through complete circles. 
In this system the separatix is the curve that corresponds to formula_12. It separates (hence the name) the phase space into two distinct areas. The region inside the separatrix has all those phase space curves which correspond to oscillating motion back and forth of the pendulum (whose equation of motion is given above), whereas the region outside the separatrix has all the phase space curves which correspond to the motion with the pendulum continuously turning through vertical planar circles.
Additional Sources.
Logan, J. David, "Applied Mathematics", 3rd Ed., 2006, John Wiley and Sons, Hoboken, NJ, pg. 65 

</doc>
<doc id="2922082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922082" title="KV29">
KV29

Tomb KV29 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt.
It has not been excavated and remains full of débris. It possibly consists of nothing more than the entry shaft.

</doc>
<doc id="2922083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922083" title="Kappa Canis Majoris">
Kappa Canis Majoris

Kappa Canis Majoris (κ CMa, κ Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 790 light years from Earth. 
κ Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type subgiant with a mean apparent magnitude of +3.50. This is a rapidly rotating Be star with 5.9 times the radius of the Sun. It is classified as a Gamma Cassiopeiae type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +3.4 to +3.97. It has become 50% brighter between 1963 and 1978, from magnitude 3.96 or so to 3.52.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Bow and Arrow", refers to an asterism consisting of κ Canis Majoris, δ Canis Majoris, η Canis Majoris, HD 63032, HD 65456, ο Puppis, k Puppis, ε Canis Majoris and π Puppis. Consequently, κ Canis Majoris itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2922088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922088" title="Uwe Ochsenknecht">
Uwe Ochsenknecht

Uwe Adam Ochsenknecht (born 7 January 1956 in Biblis) is a German actor and singer.
Work.
Films Uwe Ochsenknecht has starred in include "Schtonk!", "Das Boot", and the TV miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune".
Personal life.
Uwe Ochsenknecht was married to Natascha Ochsenknecht and has three children with her: sons Wilson Gonzalez Ochsenknecht (born 18 March 1990) and Jimi Blue Ochsenknecht (born 27 December 1991) and daughter, Cheyenne Savannah Ochsenknecht (born 13 January 2000). His oldest son, Rocco Stark, is from an earlier girlfriend, lives in Munich, works as a model, and is attending drama school. His two younger sons, Wilson and Jimi Ochsenknecht, acted together with him in the films: "Erleuchtung Garantiert" and "Die wilden Kerle" (English title: "The Wild Soccer Bunch") and its four sequels.

</doc>
<doc id="2922089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922089" title="Dihedral symmetry in three dimensions">
Dihedral symmetry in three dimensions

This article deals with three infinite sequences of point groups in three dimensions which have a symmetry group that as abstract group is a dihedral group Dih"n" ( "n" ≥ 2 ).
Chiral:
Achiral:
For a given "n", all three have "n"-fold rotational symmetry about one axis (rotation by an angle of 360°/"n" does not change the object), and 2-fold about a perpendicular axis, hence about "n" of those. For "n" = ∞ they correspond to three frieze groups. Schönflies notation is used, with Coxeter notation in brackets, and orbifold notation in parentheses. The term horizontal (h) is used with respect to a vertical axis of rotation.
In 2D the symmetry group "Dn" includes reflections in lines. When the 2D plane is embedded horizontally in a 3D space, such a reflection can either be viewed as the restriction to that plane of a reflection in a vertical plane, or as the restriction to the plane of a rotation about the reflection line, by 180°. In 3D the two operations are distinguished: the group "Dn" contains rotations only, not reflections. The other group is pyramidal symmetry "Cnv" of the same order.
With reflection symmetry with respect to a plane perpendicular to the "n"-fold rotation axis we have "Dnh" , (*22"n").
"Dnd" (or "Dnv"), [2"n",2+], (2*"n") has vertical mirror planes between the horizontal rotation axes, not through them. As a result the vertical axis is a 2"n"-fold rotoreflection axis.
"Dnh" is the symmetry group for a regular "n"-sided prisms and also for a regular n-sided bipyramid. "Dnd" is the symmetry group for a regular "n"-sided antiprism, and also for a regular n-sided trapezohedron. "Dn" is the symmetry group of a partially rotated prism.
"n" = 1 is not included because the three symmetries are equal to other ones:
For "n" = 2 there is not one main axes and two additional axes, but there are three equivalent ones.
Subgroups.
For "Dnh"
For "Dnd"
"Dnd" is also subgroup of "D2nh".
See also cyclic symmetries
Examples.
"D"n"h", , (*22"n"):
"D"5"h", , (*225):
"D"4"d", , (2*4):
"D"5"d", [10,2+], (2*5):
"D"17"d", [34,2+], (2*2.17):

</doc>
<doc id="2922091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922091" title="Lambda Canis Majoris">
Lambda Canis Majoris

Lambda Canis Majoris (λ CMa, λ Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. This star, along with ζ CMa, γ Col, δ Col, θ Col, κ Col, λ Col, μ Col and ξ Col, were Al Ḳurūd (ألقرد - "al-qird"), the Apes. 
λ Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +4.47. It is approximately 423 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922093" title="KV33">
KV33

Tomb KV33 is a non-royal tomb located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. It was discovered by Victor Loret in 1898 and was not fully cleared at the time of its discovery. The tomb site was eventually resealed for later detailed excavation.

</doc>
<doc id="2922101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922101" title="Chromophotography">
Chromophotography

Chromophotography is a technique, somewhere between painting and photography, which evolved in the second half of the 19th century. Firstly, two prints of the photograph were made. One was hand-painted with very bright colours; the other was painted in paler colours, and then made translucent by applying wax to the paper. The second picture was then superimposed over the first, with a small air gap in between, resulting in a three-dimensional effect. This technique was used by only a very few photographers, mostly in Central Europe.
In Bohemia, (now the Czech Republic), one of the best known exponents of this technique was Alexander Seik.
In New Zealand, Gisborne photographer C. P. Browne advertised Chromo Photography in 1883. Bay Herald, Volume XI, Issue 4014, 17 June 1884, Page 3
However the word Chromophotography was used in several different ways during the 19th century and it cannot be assumed that a reference automatically refers to the technique described here. A search of the British Newspaper Archive reveals several relevant references. Messers Porter and Cann were advertising ""Chromo-Photographic Portraiture"" in the "Bury and Norwich Post" of 2 August 1854, which clearly relates to painting colour on photographs and by 1856 several photographers were using the term in their adverts, although this use did not catch on. This pre-dates by 8 years the first reference to the new invention called ""chromo-photography"" by M. Albert, photographer to the Court in Munich reported in the "South London Chronicle" of 10 May 1862. The term "Chromo-photography" was also used to describe a very different photographic technique using chromic acid described in Dr. Hermann Wilhelm Vogel's book "The Chemistry of Light and Photography" as reviewed in "The Examiner" of 24 July 1875. In 1882 and 1883 adverts appeared in the press where shops specialising in drawing and painting materials referred to materials for ""Chromo-photography"" but there is nothing in the advertisements to suggest that this involved anything more than the commonplace tinting of photographs.
It is not clear when the European technique was first used in England. The "Bucks Free Press" of 2 September 1870, carried an advert by the photographer Laz Roberts which said ""he is working on entirely new process of his own, Chromophotography, and taking life-like CdVs in Natural Colours."" but it is not certain what technique he was using.

</doc>
<doc id="2922104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922104" title="Nu1 Canis Majoris">
Nu1 Canis Majoris

Nu1 Canis Majoris (ν1 CMa, ν1 Canis Majoris) is a binary star in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 277 light years from Earth.
The primary component, ν1 Canis Majoris A, is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.71. Its companion, ν1 Canis Majoris B is a yellow-white F-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +7.65.

</doc>
<doc id="2922105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922105" title="Kazerun">
Kazerun

Kazerun (, also Romanized as Kāzerūn, Kāzarūn, and Kazeroun; also known as Kasrun) is a city in and the capital of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84,594, in 20,810 families. 
Its agricultural products include date palms, citrus orchards, wheat, tobacco, rice, cotton, and vines.
The nearby ruins of the ancient city of Bishapur 12 mi. (19 km) N., include bas-relief depictions from the Sasanid era (ca. 224–651). A statue of Shapur I (AD 241–272) can be found in a large cave at the site. The ruins of the Qal'eh-ye Gabri (Castle of the Gabrs, or Zoroastrians) are located on a mound S.E. of Kazerun.
Scientists.
Mohsen Pezeshkian and Nasrollah Mardani, are famous Persian poets, comes from Kazerun. It is also believed that Salman the Persian, one of the followers of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad, comes from this city. "Welcome to Salman the Persian" can be seen at the entrance of the city. The town is also the scene of a famous battle in the novel "My Uncle Napoleon".
Kazerun is a city of Science. Qotb al-Din Kazeruni, Allame Jalaladdin Davani, Allame Ali Davani, Sheykh Abueshaq Kazeruni, Sadid al-Din al-Kazaruni, Behjat ololama, Sheykh Amin addin baliani, Mirza Saleh Kazeruni, Naser divan Kazeruni are from Kazerun. The mothers of Hafez and Saadi were also from Kazerun.
Firouz Naderi, (the Associate Director of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), responsible for Project Formulation and Strategy), was born in Kazerun.
Dr. Abdolreza Hajipoor, one of the best chemist in Iran is from Kazerun.
Reza Malekzadeh,one of the best Medical scientist and gastroenterologist who is well known in Iran is from Kazerun.
Places of interest.
Parishan Lake is near Kazerun, Shapur River and Shapur statue (The largest statue of ancient Iran) is near Bishapur.
History.
The historic city Bishapur is near Kazerun. This city was a capital of the Sasanian Empire.
Recreational places.
Barm Plain is biggest Plain of Oak in Iran, Davan, Sarmashhad and Kaskan are three villages in Kazerun.
The old name of Kazerun was "Green City".
Ashora and tasoa carnival.
This carnival has been one of the most celebrated and unique carnivals in Iran. The date of this carnival is in the ninth and tenth of Moharam Month. In these two days people go out and show the killing of Hussein, son of Ali. The theater starts from morning til noon. Almost all people in the city walk on the street together. They morn for this historical event.

</doc>
<doc id="2922107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922107" title="KV37">
KV37

Tomb KV37, is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. Bone fragments indicate that the tomb was used for burial, but it has been badly damaged, and its original occupants are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2922111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922111" title="Beiginis">
Beiginis

Beginish () is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry, Ireland. It is a low-lying island (14 metres) in Blasket Sound, between Great Blasket Island and the mainland. It has a large colony of Arctic Terns. The island is also the main birthing site for Grey Seals.
There is at least one other island in County Kerry called Beginish: it lies at the mouth of the River Ferta about 1 km from Valentia Island. The Island lies to the north of Valentia Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="2922113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922113" title="Nu2 Canis Majoris">
Nu2 Canis Majoris

Nu2 Canis Majoris (ν2 CMa, ν2 Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It is an evolved K-type giant approximately 65 light years away, seen below Sirius. Around 1.5 times as massive as the Sun, it has expanded to around 2.3 times the Sun's diameter and 11 times its luminosity. In 2011, it was discovered to have a planet.
Chinese name.
In Chinese astronomy, ν2 Canis Majoris is called 野雞, Pinyin: Yějī, meaning "Wild Cockerel", because this star is marking itself and stand alone in "Wild Cockerel" asterism, Well mansion (see : Chinese constellation). 野雞 (Yějī), westernized into Ya Ke. According to R.H. Allen opinion, the name "Ya Ke" is asterism consisting ο1 Canis Majoris and π Canis Majoris, with other small stars in the body of the Dog

</doc>
<doc id="2922118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922118" title="KV40">
KV40

Tomb KV40 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. The original occupant of this tomb is unknown. Only the upper part of the shaft is accessible; the rest is filled with rubble, and nothing is known about the tomb's layout. Although the tomb was excavated by Victor Loret in 1899, no report was published.
Excavations in 2014 revealed the remains of at least 50 minor royalty in several chambers. While the tomb was looted several times in antiquity and at the end of the nineteenth century, it still contains many fragments of funerary equipment, such as wooden and cartonnage coffins or textiles.
Excavations of 2014.
On 28 April 2014, the Egyptian Minister of State for Antiquities announced the discovery by an Egyptian–Swiss archaeological team of at least 50 mummies in the center chamber and in three side chambers of KV40. Based on inscriptions on 
storage jars, Egyptologists identified more than thirty people. 
The royal titles indicated that the buried were members of the families of Thutmosis IV and Amenhotep III, both of whom also are interred in the Valley of the Kings. The analysis of the hieratic inscriptions point to at least eight hitherto unknown royal princesses, four princes, and several foreign women, mostly adults. Mummified children have also been found.

</doc>
<doc id="2922123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922123" title="Nu3 Canis Majoris">
Nu3 Canis Majoris

Nu3 Canis Majoris (ν3 CMa, ν3 Canis Majoris) is a binary star in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 464 light years from Earth.
The primary component, ν3 Canis Majoris A, is an orange K-type bright giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.42. Its companion, ν3 Canis Majoris A, is 1.04 arcseconds distant and has an apparent magnitude of +8.4.

</doc>
<doc id="2922129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922129" title="Heinz Erhardt">
Heinz Erhardt

Heinz Erhardt (20 February 1909 – 5 June 1979) was a German comedian, musician, entertainer, actor, and poet.
Life.
Heinz Erhardt was born in Riga, the son of Baltic German Kapellmeister Gustl Erhardt. He lived most of his childhood at his grandparents in Riga, where his grandfather, Paul Nelder, owned a music house. His grandfather also taught him how to play the piano.
After World War I, his father emigrated to Germany. Erhardt lived with his stepmother in Wennigsen near Hanover, where he attended school, until in 1924 he returned to Riga. From 1926 he studied at the Leipzig conservatory; however, Erhardt's wish to become a professional pianist was not supported by his grandparents who wanted him to work as a merchant. In 1935, Erhardt married Gilda Zanetti, daughter of the Italian consul in Saint Petersburg. They had four children: Grit, Verena, Gero, and Marita. Gero Erhardt became a film director and cinematographer, and his grandson, Marek Erhardt, became an actor.
Working at his grandfather's business, Erhardt alongside entered the stage as a cabaret artist in several Riga coffeehouses, and in 1937 even appeared on the German RRG radio. The next year, Erhardt moved to Berlin, where he performed on a "Kabarett" stage on Kurfürstendammm. The spectacle wearer and non-swimmer Erhardt was drafted into the German "Kriegsmarine" navy during World War II, but only on the third call-up; he served as a pianist in the Marine orchestra and only handled weapons during his basic training.
After the Second World War he moved to Hamburg-Wellingsbüttel and from 1948 worked as a radio presenter at the public NWDR radio station. From then on he became more and more famous for his countless pun poems. Also, he became a popular film actor and a mime. In his films he always played a character that fit his stage persona as an entertainer and comedian. His roles were polite and slightly weird persons typical of the West German "Wirtschaftswunder" ("economic miracle") era of the 1950s and 60s.
Heinz Erhardt suffered a stroke in 1971, which left him unable to speak or write. He was limited to reading and understanding the speech of others; these limitations ended his long career as an actor.
He was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany ("Bundesverdienstkreuz") four days before his death in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2922136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922136" title="KV44">
KV44

Tomb KV44 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. Pottery fragments indicate that the tomb was constructed during the Eighteenth Dynasty of Ancient Egypt.
The tomb was re-used during 22nd Dynasty for Tentkerer, Lady of the House under Osorkon I.

</doc>
<doc id="2922138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922138" title="Axel Paulsen">
Axel Paulsen

Axel Paulsen (1855–1938) was a Norwegian figure skater and speed skater. He is the inventor of the figure skating Axel jump.
Career.
Paulsen first publicly executed the Axel jump in 1882 at the World Championships in Vienna while wearing speed skates. At the Vienna World Championships Paulsen won both the speed skating and fancy (figure) skating events becoming the World Champion.
In the winter of 1883 Paulsen went to North America to participate in a series of skating events. On February 8, 1883 a race was held at the open air rink in Washington Park, Brooklyn, New York. Paulsen defeated 17 picked skaters, the fastest from Norway, Canada, England and the United States and set the following records at the race:
Paulsen was a professional skater competing in races and meets that offered the winners prize purses and medals; he was the World Professional Speed Skating Champion from 1882 to 1889. He lost the title on February 1, 1890 to Canadian professional speed skating champion Hugh J. McCormick at a 3-race meet in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
He also won the 1885 speed skating race at Frognerkilen.

</doc>
<doc id="2922145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922145" title="Monastery of São Martinho de Tibães">
Monastery of São Martinho de Tibães

The Monastery of St Martin of Tibães () is a monastery situated in the parish of Mire de Tibães, near Braga, in northern Portugal. It was the mother house of the Benedictine order in Portugal and Brazil, and it is known for the exuberant Rococo decoration of its church.
History.
The first information about a monastic community in the region - the Monastery of Dumio, close to Tibães, founded by Saint Martin of Braga - dates from the 6th century. 
The Monastery of Tibães was founded around 1060, and its feudal rights were granted by Henry of Burgundy, Count of Portugal, in 1110. During the Middle Ages, after the Kingdom of Portugal became independent, rich and vast proterties in the North of the country came into the possession of the Monastery. However, due to the extensive reconstruction work carried out in the 17th and 18th centuries, there are no architectural remnants from this early stage of the ensemble.
In 1567, the Monastery of Tibães became the mother house of the Order of Saint Benedict for Portugal and the colony of Brazil, with the first general gathering of the Order happening in Tibães in 1570. In the first half of the 17th century, in view of the ruined condition of the old monastery and the vast resources at their disposal, the monks began the radical rebuilding that gave origin to the ensemble that exists today. The works began with the cloisters (Refectory and Cemetery cloisters) and the church, which was built between 1628 and 1661 in Mannerist style by architects Manuel Álvares and João Turriano. By the beginning of the 18th century the new wings of the Monastery were finished, including the Gate House, the Dormitory, the Guest House, the Chapter House and the Library.
During the 17th and 18th centuries, the Monastery was a site of considerable artistic activity and had an enormous influence in the Baroque and Rococo art of Northern Portugal and overseas colonies. In the years 1757-1760, architect André Soares designed the main altarpiece and the woodwork of the triumphal arch of the main chapel, as well as the pulpits and lateral altarpieces, all of which are landmarks in Portuguese Rococo art. The gilded woodwork was sculpted by famed José de Santo António Vilaça. Many statues in the church are by the hand of another celebrated sculptor, Cipriano da Cruz.
Sold at an auction sale in 1864, the Tibães Monastery and all its surrounding areas fell into decay and ruin. A great part of the ensemble, including the Refectory Cloister, was destroyed in a fire in 1894. In 1986 the Monastery became a State property and an extensive recovery project was started that continues to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="2922151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922151" title="Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak">
Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak

Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak or QSQT (From Doom to Doom) is a 1988 Indian Bollywood romantic drama film written by Nasir Hussain and directed by his son Mansoor Khan. The film's plot hints to be inspired by Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". The film starred Hussain's nephew, Aamir Khan, along with Juhi Chawla in their first major roles. Upon release, The movie was a major Success and was declared Blockbuster at the boxoffice and shot its leading stars to fame overnight. The film was also the first major hit for the music-director duo of Anand-Milind and singers Udit Narayan. It was also singer Alka Yagnik's first complete album .
"Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak"'s music, romantic storyline , and young actors shifted the momentum away from the violent and aging ethos that were prevalent in the films at the time. It also made melodious tunes once again popular over the 80's trend of disco and breakdance influenced soundtracks. "Indiatimes Movies" ranks the movie amongst the "Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films".
Plot.
Dhanakpur village farmer, Thakur Jaswant Singh (Alok Nath) and Dhanraj Singh (Dalip Tahil) are brothers. They have a younger sister Madhumati, who was used, made pregnant and ditched by Ratan Singh (played by Arjun), the son of Thakur Raghuveer Singh from a big Rajput family. The family refuses Jaswant Singh's request to get his sister married to Ratan. Ratan's family refuses to accept that he is guilty, as they are interested in their status. Insulted, Jaswant decides to leave the village. Unable to tolerate the events, Madhumati commits suicide. Frustrated, Dhanraj kills Ratan at his wedding and gets imprisoned. The two families are now bitter enemies. Jaswant moves to Delhi, develops his business, and reaches good status; he also raises Dhanraj's kids. Years later, Dhanraj gets released from the prison. Upon release, Dhanraj receives a letter from his son, Raj (Aamir Khan), an ardent music-lover, who completes his education in Rajput College. An emotional Dhanraj sneaks into Raj's college farewell party and is glad to see his son fulfill his dreams.
In a twist of fate, Raj and his buddy go to Dhanakpur to clear his family's land deal. While returning home, Raj falls for Rashmi (Juhi Chawla), a relative of Raghuveer Singh. Raj sneaks into Rashmi's birthday bash. The two meet again at a holiday spot. They become lost in the forest and fall in love while finding a way out together. Raj finds out about Rashmi's family but is unable to tell her the truth. When Randhir Singh, Rashmi's father, finds out about the affair, he immediately arranges Rashmi's wedding. The two lovers take on their families and elope, dreaming of an idyllic life together.
Furious, Randhir hires a contract killer to kill Raj. The lovers have a brief interval of happiness. They stay in a deserted fort, happy in their own paradise. When Randhir gets to know their whereabouts, he goes there to bring Rashmi home and ensure that Raj is killed. Randhir's mother does not wish for this so she goes to Dhanraj and tells him to save them. Raj leaves the fort to bring some wood for their house. While Raj is away, Randhir meets with Rashmi and tells her to come home; he has "accepted their love". Rashmi is overjoyed at her father's words, not knowing the truth. In the forest, Raj is chased by the henchmen.
Dhanraj reaches the fort and repeatedly asks him about his son's whereabouts. They get in a fight and a gunshot is heard. Rashmi leaves the scene to make sure that Raj is okay. He is just about to be shot, but on seeing Rashmi, the henchman shoots her instead. She is shot twice and rolls down the hill. Raj overpowers the henchman and reaches Rashmi's side, crying. They promise never to leave each other. On saying this, Rashmi breathes her last in Raj's arms. A grief-stricken Raj is devastated by Rashmi's death, and says that nothing can separate them. He commits suicide with a dagger given to him by Rashmi, and dies with his head on Rashmi's chest. The final scene is both families running toward them; the lovers are together, never to be separated, as the sun sets behind them.
Music.
The film soundtrack contains 5 songs composed by duo Anand-Milind, and won them the Filmfare Best Music Director Award while Udit Narayan won best male playback singer. The music for "Akele Hain To Kya Gum Hai" is copied from the instrumental number "Return to the Alamo" by the band The Shadows.
Awards.
The Awards won are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="2922156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922156" title="Xi1 Canis Majoris">
Xi1 Canis Majoris

Xi1 Canis Majoris (ξ1 CMa, ξ1 Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 2051 light years from Earth.
ξ1 Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type subgiant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.34. It is classified as a Beta Cephei type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +4.33 to +4.36 with a period of 5.03 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2922172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922172" title="Xi2 Canis Majoris">
Xi2 Canis Majoris

Xi2 Canis Majoris (ξ2 CMa, ξ2 Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
ξ2 Canis Majoris is a white A-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +4.54. It is approximately 412 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922174" title="French Forces of the Interior">
French Forces of the Interior

The French Forces of the Interior () refers to French resistance fighters in the later stages of World War II. Charles de Gaulle used it as a formal name for the resistance fighters. The change in designation of these groups to FFI occurred as France's status changed from that of an occupied nation to one of a nation being liberated by the Allied armies. As regions of France were liberated, the FFI were more formally organized into light infantry units and served as a valuable manpower addition to regular French forces. In this role, the FFI units manned less active areas of the front lines, allowing regular French army units to practice economy of force measures and mass their troops in decisive areas of the front. Finally, from October 1944 and with the greater part of France liberated, the FFI units were amalgamated into the French regular forces continuing the fight on the Western Front, thus ending the era of the French irregulars in World War II.
Liberation.
After the invasion of Normandy in June 1944, at the request of the French Committee of National Liberation, SHAEF placed about 200,000 resistance fighters under command of General Marie Pierre Koenig, who attempted to unify resistance efforts against the Germans. General Eisenhower confirmed Koenig's command of the FFI on 23 June 1944.
The FFI were mostly composed of resistance fighters who used their own weapons, although many FFI units included former French soldiers. They used civilian clothing and wore an armband with the letters "F.F.I."
According to General Patton, the rapid advance of his army through France would have been impossible without the fighting aid of the FFI. General Patch estimated that from the time of the Mediterranean landings to the arrival of U.S. troops at Dijon, the help given to the operations by the FFI was equivalent to four full divisions.
FFI units seized bridges, began the liberation of villages and towns as Allied units neared, and collected intelligence on German units in the areas entered by the Allied forces, easing the Allied advance through France in August 1944. According to a volume of the U.S. official history of the war, In Brittany, southern France, and the area of the Loire and Paris, French Resistance forces greatly aided the pursuit to the Seine in August. Specifically, they supported the Third Army in Brittany and the Seventh U.S. and First French Armies in the southern beachhead and the Rhône valley. In the advance to the Seine, the French Forces of the Interior helped protect the southern flank of the Third Army by interfering with enemy railroad and highway movements and enemy telecommunications, by developing open resistance on as wide a scale as possible, by providing tactical intelligence, by preserving installations of value to the Allied forces, and by mopping up bypassed enemy positions.
Political tension.
On 20 June 1944, the French high command decreed the mobilization requirements dating from the start of the war were still in effect, that the FFI units were to be made part of the French Army, and that the FFI was subject to French military law. Assuming control of the French national government after the liberation of Paris, Charles de Gaulle was almost immediately confronted with a challenge to his authority by an FFI flush with triumph as towns and cities were liberated in the wake of the German retreat from France. In late August 1944, there were incidents of FFI misbehavior in the region of Paris, highlighting the risks of having an armed and organized citizenry that suddenly found itself without a mission. De Gaulle believed France required a single decisive leader to restore effective government. The FFI believed they should have a share in national power because of their contribution to the Allied war effort. Subsequently, de Gaulle declared the FFI would be either disbanded or integrated into the French Army, and a series of tense meetings between de Gaulle and FFI leaders in major cities ensued. Despite FFI disenchantment with de Gaulle's methods, in large part they accepted his decision that FFI members would either be amalgamated into the French regular army or return to civilian life.
Amalgamation.
Subsequent to the liberation of areas where FFI units operated, they often formed battalions and brigades named for their commanders or region of origin (Battalion Oziol, etc.) These FFI units were predominantly of the light infantry class, although some formed light reconnaissance units like the 12th Regiment of Dragoons. Some of these units were used to besiege German troops in still-occupied French ports or to secure France's alpine frontier with Italy, others were used to secure Allied lines of communications in France, and still others were assigned as army reserve units for the use of General de Lattre de Tassigny's French First Army. From October 1944 until March 1945, the FFI units were amalgamated into the French Army in order to regularize the units. Units such as the 49th Infantry Regiment (formerly the FFI Corps Franc Pommiés) and the 3rd Demi-Brigade of Chasseurs (formerly the FFI Alsace-Lorraine Brigade) were constituted in this manner using FFI manpower. Amalgamation was successful in varying degree; the training, tactics and attitudes of the former French Resistance fighters often differed from those of the regular soldiers with whom they served. General De Lattre's comments on this situation are enlightening:
military values were not and could not be the characteristics of the F.F.I. units. Condemned to be born and live in secret, placed outside the law by the enemy and by the enemy's accomplices, they had above all developed the revolutionary military virtues, those of partisans. By force of circumstances the personalities of the leaders had played a determining role and had stamped each maquis with a different brand.
To the regiments we had landed the extreme variety of the F.F.I. organizations, their at least peculiar discipline, the differing quality of their groups, the poverty of their equipment, the crying inadequacy of their armament and supplies, the heterogeneity of their officering, the facility with which their superior ranks had been assigned, and in certain cases the ostensibly political nature of their aims, ran counter to the classical military outlook of many officers, some of whom, in reaction, exaggerated their regulation strictness.
The part FFI had taken in the fight for liberation not only encouraged them rightly in the wish to retain their individuality; their successes, valued often from a local angle, established in their view the excellence of the military system which circumstances had led them to create and which they intended to substitute for the traditional system, which they considered out-of-date. 
A total of 68 infantry regiments and half-brigades, two special forces battalions, 20 light infantry or reconnaissance battalions, one tank battalion, sixteen artillery regiments, two anti-aircraft artillery regiments, five engineer regiments, and three construction regiments were ultimately formed from FFI manpower by the close of 1945.
Weapons and equipment.
The weapons and equipment of the FFI were highly varied. Because they were not units that the United States had formally agreed to logistically support, they were not eligible to receive the standard U.S. equipment that was provided to French regular army units. Thus, the FFI units often clothed themselves in nonstandard uniforms or uniforms of 1940 vintage. The same condition existed with weapons, with the use of captured German infantry weapons a common practice. Because of the mix of American, British, French, German, and other weapons, the supply of ammunition and spare parts was complicated and often difficult to accomplish. By no means unique in the diversity of its armament, the 34th Infantry Regiment (formed on 1 January 1945) possessed the following weapons in August 1945: 1,760 (German) Mauser rifles, 470 (British) Sten sub-machine guns, 108 German sub-machine guns, 27 (French) Hotchkiss machine guns, 33 50-mm mortars and 12 81-mm mortars, two 20-mm cannon, and three 25-mm cannon. The soldiers' uniforms were described as second-hand and of diverse origins.
Some heavy armored fighting vehicles were obtained, notably British Cromwell tanks (150 provided by Great Britain) and captured German tanks (44, of which 12 were Panthers). The 12th Regiment of Dragoons received 12 Cavalier tanks among other British equipment in April 1945. In other cases, FFI units used vehicles no longer favored by Allied forces, such as the U.S. M6 Fargo, a light truck with a portee 37 mm antitank gun. Finally, civilian vehicles and practically anything else in running condition were pressed into service and used until they could no longer be maintained.
French strategic asset.
As regions of France were liberated, the FFI provided a ready pool of semi-trained manpower with which France could rebuild the French Army. Estimated to have a strength of 100,000 in June 1944, the strength of the FFI grew rapidly, doubling by July 1944, and reaching 400,000 by October 1944. Although the amalgamation of the FFI was in some cases fraught with political difficulty, it was ultimately successful and allowed France to re-establish a reasonably large army of 1.3 million men by VE Day.

</doc>
<doc id="2922180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922180" title="Ron Klein">
Ron Klein

Ronald "Ron" Klein (born July 10, 1957) is a lawyer and former member of the United States House of Representatives for . He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the Florida House of Representatives and the Florida Senate. He is currently employed by the law firm Holland & Knight.
Early life, education and career.
Klein was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He graduated from Cleveland Heights High School in 1975, and attended Ohio State University, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science in 1979. While at Ohio State, Klein became a member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity. Klein also spent time during college as an intern at the Ohio General Assembly. Klein attended Case Western Reserve University School of Law and graduated with a law degree in 1982.
Klein was a Director at the Boca Raton, Florida, law firm of Sachs Sax & Klein. His practice was focused on transactional law.
Florida Legislature.
In 1992, Klein defeated ten-year incumbent Steve Press in the Democratic primary to win a seat in the Florida House of Representatives. Klein was elected to the Florida Senate in 1996, and served as minority whip in 1998 and as minority leader in 2002–2004.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Committee assignments.
On September 29, 2008, Klein voted for the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Political campaigns.
2006.
Klein ran for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in Florida's 22nd congressional district against 13-term Republican incumbent Clay Shaw. Although Shaw won re-election easily in the 2004 election (his opponent dropped out before the election), John Kerry carried the district by a margin on 50-48 percent over George W. Bush in 2004.
On Election Day 2006, Klein defeated Shaw by a margin of 51%-48% and assumed office when the 110th Congress convened on January 4, 2007. Klein was aided by voter discontent over the war in Iraq and the scandal involving Republican Congressman Mark Foley in the neighboring district.
On December 18, 2007, the magazine Politico named Ron Klein as its "Rookie of the Year", citing his willingness to cross party lines and his ability to get major legislation passed.
2008.
In 2008, Klein won his race against Republican nominee Allen West with 54.7% of the vote.
Klein voted with a majority of his Democratic colleagues 97.9% of the time during the 111th Congress. The nonpartisan National Journal rated him as 58.3 percent liberal and 41.7 conservative based on his voting record.
2010.
Klein lost his reelection bid to Republican Allen West.
Post-Congressional career.
After leaving Congress, Klein was hired by law firm Holland & Knight.[http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/palm-beach/pb-ron-klein-gets-job-brf-20110311,0,4036808.story]
"Certainly having been a participant or part of one of the busiest congresses in decades, where large pieces of legislation have passed and will be evolving for many, many years to come, this moment becomes a unique time to take the private sector the experiences of having served on the Financial Services Committee or having been involved in passing health care,” he said. “It sort of allows me to be in a unique place to understand that.” . . .
The wave of new rule-making “appears to create a lot of work and opportunity for businesses that want to make sure that they have a strategic business advantage in the future, that they’re planning for the future and that they can help shape those laws and legislation as they develop."
According to "Politico", "Klein’s background as a corporate lawyer and former state and federal lawmaker means he’ll be selling his ability to provide legal, political, policy and business advice to prospective clients."
Personal life.
Ron married Dori Dragin in 1982 and they moved to Boca Raton, Florida in 1985. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2922182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922182" title="Pretty Ballerina">
Pretty Ballerina

"Pretty Ballerina" is a song written by pianist Michael Brown (born Michael Lookofsky) and was a number 15 hit for his band The Left Banke on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The original Left Banke version of the song, released December 1966, was sung by Steve Martin Caro. The song has appeared in the films "Apocalypse Now", "Off Limits" and "Things Behind the Sun" and has been covered by such artists as Alice Cooper, John Mellencamp, Jason Falkner, Peter Kingsbery, Eels, Irish Electro Band "Les Marionettes", Argentine rock star Charly García, Alan Merrill, The Bluetones, and The Dickies.
The song features an oboe being played during the instrumental portion of the song, joining the string quartet, before the music pauses, and goes back to the refrain of the song.
The song is one of a number Brown wrote about Renée Fladen, girlfriend of The Left Banke's guitarist Tom Finn and object of Brown's affection. Other songs written about her include the band's biggest hit "Walk Away Renée" and "She May Call You Up Tonight."

</doc>
<doc id="2922184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922184" title="Japan–Oceania relations">
Japan–Oceania relations

Before World War II, the Imperial Japanese Navy began construction of various airfields, fortifications, ports, and other military projects in the islands controlled under the South Pacific Mandate. It was from these fortifications in Palau, the Carolines and the Marshall Islands that a significant portion of the Japanese Navy disembarked towards the Philippines, New Guinea, Nauru and the Gilbert Islands during 1941-42 in the Pacific War.
By 1990 Japanese involvement in the newly independent island nations of Oceania increased due to rising commercial and strategic interests. Japan's rapidly growing aid to the South Pacific was seen by many as a response to United States calls for greater burden-sharing and to the adoption of the 1982 Convention on the Law of the Sea, which gave states legal control over fishery resources within their exclusive economic zones. The US$98.3 million that Japan provided in aid to the region in 1989 was fourth behind France, Australia and the United States but was significantly more than was provided by New Zealand and Britain. Japanese companies also invested heavily in the tourism industry in the island nations.

</doc>
<doc id="2922185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922185" title="WABO (AM)">
WABO (AM)

WABO (990 AM, "Waybo Radio") is a radio station licensed to serve Waynesboro, Mississippi. The station is owned by Martin Broadcasting Company. It airs an adult hits format.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since it was initially licensed.

</doc>
<doc id="2922189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922189" title="Pier Giorgio Di Cicco">
Pier Giorgio Di Cicco

Pier Giorgio Di Cicco (born July 5, 1949) is an Italian-Canadian poet. In 2005 he became the second Poet Laureate of Toronto. 
Born in Arezzo, Italy, his family immigrated to Canada in 1952. Di Cicco was brought up in several North American cities, among them Baltimore, Maryland, Montreal, Quebec and Toronto, Ontario. In the early 1970s he attended the University of Toronto. While working part-time as a bartender at the university, he began to publish poems in little magazines. He has since written 13 books of poetry and has edited a volume of verse by Italian-Canadian poets. 
His poems, consisting of deep images in stanzas of free verse - with lines consisting of irregular numbers of syllables and (hypothetical) feet - often referred to di Cicco's immigrant and Italian-family experiences. In books like "Flying Deeper Into the Century" (1982) and "The Tough Romance" (1979) he communicated a modern, sensitive awareness of the confusing welter of 20th-century life. Di Cicco's unmetrical but imagistic lines flowed on, often with cumulative power, to release their tension at the end of their stanzas.
Di Cicco gradually felt called to a Catholic religious life. Reducing his output of verse, he spent a period in an Augustinian monastery north of Toronto. Di Cicco then undertook religious studies and became a friar with a parish in Brampton, Ontario. In the 1990s he resumed writing and publishing poems, producing a selected volume and several others. In 2005, he was chosen Poet Laureate of Toronto; he published a poem weekly in "The Toronto Star" Sunday newspaper. Currently he teaches at the University of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="2922190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922190" title="Omicron1 Canis Majoris">
Omicron1 Canis Majoris

Omicron1 Canis Majoris (ο1 CMa, ο1 Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. Johann Bayer gave two adjacent stars the Bayer designation of Omicron Canis Majoris in 1603, but without distinguishing between the stars. John Flamsteed labelled the stars as Omicron1 and Omicron2 Canis Majoris in the early 18th century, as well as giving them his own numbered designations of 16 and 24 Canis Majoris respectively. Nicolas Louis de Lacaille labelled it c Canis Majoris, but this was not upheld by subsequent cartographers. Its Henry Draper Catalogue designation is HD 50877. The two Omicron stars marked the centre of the Great Dog's body on Bayer's 1603 "Uranometria".
The star itself is an orange K-type supergiant of spectral type K2.5Iab that is an irregular variable star, varying between apparent magnitudes 3.78 and 3.99. A cool star, its surface temperature is around 3,900 K. Around 18 times as massive as the Sun with around 530 times its diameter, it shines with 65,000 times its luminosity. Interstellar dust obscures it somewhat, and its apparent magnitude is 1.12 fainter than it would be if unobscured. Thought to be around 18 million years old, Omicron1 Canis Majoris is undergoing nuclear fusion of helium in its core to generate energy and will one day explode as a type II supernova. 
Lying approximately 2000 light years from Earth, Omicron1 Canis Majoris shares a common proper motion (and likely origin) with a remote open cluster of stars in the region known as Collinder 121, located around 3,500 light years (1085 parsecs) distant. Conversely, though only separated by 2 degrees from Omicron2 Canis Majoris, the two appear to be unrelated.

</doc>
<doc id="2922199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922199" title="Choi Hong-man">
Choi Hong-man

Choi Hong-man (Korean: 최홍만, Hanja: 崔洪萬, born on October 30, 1980 in Jeju-do), often anglicised to Hong-man Choi, is a South Korean kickboxer, mixed martial artist and former ssireum wrestler. In Asia he is called "Che Man", "Korean Monster" and "Korean Colossus". He currently competes in K-1 and Dream and stands and weighs , the biggest competitor ever to fight in K-1. In K-1, he holds wins over Semmy Schilt, Bob Sapp, and Mighty Mo.
Career.
K-1.
Prepared for his kickboxing career by Korean K-1 fighter Choi Hong-man, he debuted in K-1 fighting at the "World GP 2005" event in Seoul in March, 2005, which he won in the final vs. Kaoklai Kaennorsing. In the Final Elimination he defeated Bob Sapp with a 2–0 decision, eventually losing to Remy Bonjasky in the World Grand Prix Final.
He got his nickname "Techno Goliath" (테크노 골리앗) when he was a ssireum wrestler in South Korea, as after a victory he would dance to techno music. He is referred to on Japanese television and news articles as the 'Korean Monster' (コリアン・モンスター).
He started the season 2006 at the K-1 World GP in Las Vegas with a unanimous decision win over Sylvester Terkay aka "The Predator". His new coach was the former Japanese Korean K-1 fighter Kin Taiei (anglicised to Taiei Kin).
One of Choi's most notable fights was against current K-1 World Champion Semmy Schilt at the World GP 2006 event in Seoul. The fight was unique due to the enormous size and weight of both fighters (Schilt , Choi ). Choi won the fight by 2-0 decision, but it was a disputed win.
On September 30, 2006, Choi fought Jérôme Le Banner in the final eliminations, and lost after 3 Rounds and 1 extra Round on points. After the fight, Le Banner said: ""He is dangerous, his knees are already almost at the level of my head, he's not human! But he's a good guy and I like him, he's very tough, maybe the strongest guy in K-1, and he has hard bones -- when I kicked him, it hurt my leg! I'm sure with more experience, in two years no one will be able to knock him out!""
On March 4, 2007, he was knocked out for the first time in his career. Mighty Mo landed his trademark overhand right to the chin and Choi was not able to stand up again. In this fight he weighed , was very slow and many say it was his worst performance.
On August 5. at the Asia World Grand Prix in Hong Kong, he beat Gary Goodridge by KO at 1:34 in the first round. He weighed , the same when he fought Schilt in June 2006. Notable on this fight was his stance. Since his K-1 debut in 2005, he has fought using an orthodox stance. However in this fight, he adopted for the first time a southpaw stance. This was a strategy by his coach Kin Tailei for an eventual re-match with Mighty Mo (to block his devastating overhand right better as in orthodox stance).
On September 29 at the K-1 Final Eliminations in Seoul, fighting southpaw stance again, he redeemed his previous loss and defeated Mighty Mo by decision. The win was disputed because Mo was able to land many hard hands on Choi´s head, while the Korean missed most of his shots. However, due to a kick Choi delivered to Mighty Mo's groin in the second round that was inexplicably ruled a knockdown. Mighty Mo was quoted in the post-fight interview: ""He (Choi) seemed a little bit stronger because I hit him with some good shots and he didn't fall down so I was surprised, actually harder than the ones I hit him with before. He must have been practicing taking punches.""
In the World Grand Prix Final 2007 tournament on December 8, he again lost by decision to Jérôme Le Banner. Choi was announced by Jimmy Lennon Jr. as weighing in at , to date his heaviest pre-fight weigh-in. In the post-fight Choi said: ""He (Jérôme) has been my toughest opponent, who was able to resist my powerful punches and counter with speed, I admire his physical strength and I'm sure with more experience will be able to defeat him.""
On September 27 at the K-1 final Elimination in Seoul, he came back to K-1 and fought against the current Heavyweight champion Badr Hari. After 3 rounds of fighting, Choi's corner threw in the towel due to a rib injury. Although Hari was unable to faze Choi with two heavy punches thrown in the first and second rounds, in the third round he began targeting Choi's ribcage with punches and kicks.
Since his last fight, Choi has lost much weight. He was announced with a weight of .
Choi was picked as a first reserve fighter against Ray Sefo at the 2008 K-1 Championship Finals which he lost by Unanimous decision.
Mixed martial arts.
On December 31, Choi easily won his first mixed martial arts fight on K-1 Dynamite in Osaka. He decisively beat former TV star Bobby Ologun in just 16 seconds in what was considered a huge mismatch.
Choi was scheduled to face former WWE, IWGP, and NCAA national champion amateur wrestler Brock Lesnar at the combined promotion event K-1 Dynamite!! USA, a pay-per-view event at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, on June 2, 2007. However, reportedly due to a benign tumor on his pituitary gland, Choi was denied his California fighter's license on May 23, 2007, putting Dynamite!! USA's main event in jeopardy only 10 days before its scheduled occurrence. Choi was replaced in the fight by fellow Korean fighter Kim Min-soo.
He was confirmed to fight MMA heavyweight and former Pride heavyweight champion Fedor Emelianenko at Yarennoka on New Year's Eve. Choi landed twice on top of the two takedown attempts of Fedor. He escaped an armbar attempt on the first takedown, but after the second one was forced to tap to another armbar applied by Fedor at 1:54 of the first round.
Choi fought again in MMA against Mirko Filipović on December 31, 2008 in Sataima, Japan. Filipovic defeated Choi with multiple kicks to the legs.
He fought retired baseball player Jose Canseco in an MMA match on May 26, 2009 for the promotion Dream as part of its Super Hulk Tournament. He beat Canseco in 1 minute 15 seconds. However, Choi would lose in the semi-finals to Ikuhisa Minowa via heel hook at Dream 11.
Choi was expected to participate in Dream 14, which was supposed to have taken place in Seoul, South Korea. But many factors, including the issue that many top Korean stars such as Denis Kang and him (Choi) were not available in April, contributed to the Korea event being canceled.
Military service.
In April 2008, Choi joined the Korean army for his 21 months military service. After failing two medical tests, he was relieved from his military duty. The main reason was a problem with the sight in his left eye, which was the result of a brain tumor. On June 9, the tumor was finally removed through surgery.
Outside the ring.
Choi recently began a singing career with supermodel Kang Soo Hee in Korea under the name of Beauty & The Beast.
Since 2008, he has worn his surname "Choi" as a tattoo on his left shoulder.
In April 2010, Choi appeared as part of the main cast in Japanese TV drama series "Kaibutsu-kun", adapted from Fujiko Fujio's "Kaibutsu-kun" of the same name. Choi played the character Franken, which was one of the three understudies of prince Kaibutsu-kun.
In April 2012 he appeared as a guest in the 19th episode of the Korean variety show "Invincible Youth 2".
He has also done several endorsement works with actress / former model Karina. He has been a face for Lotte's ice cream product "Mona Oh" ('Monaka-King') alongside Karina. He threw out the ceremonial first pitch along with Karina at the Chiba Lotte Marines-Yomiuri Giants game in Chiba Marine Stadium on June 11, 2006. He has also done endorsement works for videogame "LittleBigPlanet" with Mari Yaguchi, a former member of the music group Morning Musume.
In March 2012, he made a special guest appearance in episode 2 and another on July 2012 in episode 17 of JTBC variety programme "Shinhwa Broadcast" hosted by boyband Shinhwa.

</doc>
<doc id="2922201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922201" title="Lloyd Cars Ltd">
Lloyd Cars Ltd

Lloyd Cars Ltd was a British motor manufacturer, founded by Roland Lloyd (1904–65), son of a garage owner, and based in Patrick Street, Grimsby, Lincolnshire, England between 1936 and 1951. Two models were made, separated by World War II; the company was unusual for a small manufacturer in making nearly all components in-house. After car production ceased the company continued in general engineering until 1983. During World War II the company made components for Rolls-Royce Merlin aircraft engines.
About 15 Lloyd cars are thought to survive.
The make had no connection with North German Automobile and Engine company which made cars under a different Lloyd brand between 1906 and 1914 and between 1950 and 1963.
Lloyd 350.
The pre-war car was really a cyclecar and was powered by a single-cylinder, water-cooled Villiers two-stroke engine of 347 cc producing 11.5 bhp, located at the back of the car and transmitting power via a three-speed gearbox to the nearside rear-wheel only with a chain. The four-wheel chassis featured all round independent suspension using transverse leaf springs. The car was deliberately simple, there was no electric starter, the fuel tank was mounted above the engine with gravity feed and the windscreen wipers were hand operated.
It was available as an open two-seater and, unusually for a light car, as a closed 3-seater. Production stopped on the outbreak of the Second World War, with a claimed 250 made, with cars exported to the Netherlands, New Zealand and South Africa. It was said to be capable of reaching 45 mph (70 km/h). The car was listed at £80 for the basic version but there was also a de-luxe with electric starting and lighting at £85.
Just before the outbreak of war a van version was introduced with the engine at the front and front-wheel drive, but only a few were made.
Lloyd 650.
In 1946, the production restarted with a larger two-cylinder 654 cc Lloyd-made engine with a bore of 70 mm and stroke of 85 mm producing 25 bhp at 2450 rpm. The twin-cylinder alloy unit was mounted transversely at the front and drove the front wheels through a four-speed gearbox with synchromesh on all speeds including reverse. It was still a two-stroke but the bearings were pressure lubricated. A third cylinder and piston which had a reciprocating and slightly rotating motion was connected to the carburettor with ports in the cylinder walls connecting to the engine's two cylinders. This was used to draw the fuel mixture from the carburettor and transfer the mixture to each engine cylinder. This double-acting fuel charging cylinder piston was hollow with ports located in the piston walls and ports located in the charging cylinder walls connecting to each of the engine's main cylinders. One engine cylinder was charged by the charging cylinder piston's down and slightly rotating stroke which allowed the piston and charging cylinder side wall port to uncover and allow the mixture transfer to the engine cylinder. The other engine cylinder being charged with mixture by the upwards stroke of the charging cylinder piston. The engine cylinders and the fuel charging cylinders were set in a triangular configuration with the fuel charging cylinder being located centrally and receiving gravity fed fuel from the bulkhead mounted fuel tank. This method of mixture input to the engine cylinders allowed for the engine wet oil sump.
The chassis again had all independent suspension but now by coil springs fitted in oil tight cylinders with the oil acting as damper. The springs were horizontal at the front and vertical at the rear. The body was fabricated from aluminium. The braking system used a Bowden type cable operated system. Steering was by rack and pinion. The gear change lever was mounted horizontally just below the steering wheel.
The car was much more streamlined than the pre war body but with an overall length of 12 feet 3 inches and two or four-seater open bodywork the car was really too big for its engine and performance was poor with a top speed of only 55 mph (85 km/h). The car was also very expensive at £480 in 1948 when family sized cars could be bought for £300. Roughly 600 cars were produced and some were exported to Australia, Belgium, Denmark, India and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2922202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922202" title="Chewy">
Chewy

Chewy is an indie rock band from Lausanne, Switzerland whose sound, which falls somewhere in the realm of noisy, melodic pop-rock, has been compared to bands like Dinosaur Jr. or Superchunk. They released one E.P. and two full-length albums during their initial run: Chewy E.P. (1998), Whattookyousolong (2000), and Somanydynamos (2002), before splitting up in 2003.
Singer songwriter Gregory Wicky then released two albums with his solo project Pendleton, and Mathieu Urfer & Sébastien Altevogt created their own new band, Sigurd.
Chewy reformed in 2011, with the release of a new album, Bravado!, in August. The current line-up is: Gregory Wicky, Guillaume Conne, Christophe Roduit, Sandro Lisci. Their style has moved to a folkier sound, sometimes compared to the likes of Wilco or Neil Young.

</doc>
<doc id="2922208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922208" title="Club Caribe">
Club Caribe

Club Caribe was one of the first graphical online worlds. It was available in the 1980s on the exclusively Commodore 64 online service Quantum Link. Originally available in limited release as "Habitat", "Club Caribe" was eventually released to the public as an extension of Q-Link's "People Connection".
Famous personalities in the "Club Caribe" virtual world included Tahiba the island witch, and BLURR2, a writer for the Island Times newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="2922209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922209" title="Walk Away (Franz Ferdinand song)">
Walk Away (Franz Ferdinand song)

"Walk Away" is a song by Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand and is featured on their second album, "You Could Have It So Much Better". It was released 5 December 2005 as the second single from that album in the UK, entering the UK Singles Chart at #13 a week later (see 2005 in British music). The riff of the song is similar to the Kraftwerk song "Das Model".
Background and recording.
The video for the song premiered 4 November 2005 on Channel 4.
During the Exit festival in Novi Sad, Serbia on 6 July 2006 Alexander Kapranos explained that the song was dedicated to Gavrilo Princip, a Serbian-Bosnian assassin who shot the Archduke Franz Ferdinand. He said: "Serbians! There's one Serbian who's particularly dear to us. His name is Gavrilo Princip. This song is dedicated to him!" .
Track listings.
All tracks written by Franz Ferdinand, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2922219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922219" title="Michael X">
Michael X

Michael X (1933 – 16 May 1975), born Michael de Freitas in Trinidad and Tobago to a Portuguese father and a Bajan-born mother, was a self-styled black revolutionary and civil rights activist in 1960s London. He was also known as Michael Abdul Malik and Abdul Malik. Convicted of murder in 1972, Michael X was executed by hanging in 1975 in Port of Spain's Royal Jail.
Biography.
Michael de Freitas was born in Trinidad to "an Obeah-practising black woman from Barbados and an absent Portuguese father from St Kitts". Encouraged by his mother to pass for white, "Red Mike" was a headstrong youth and was expelled from school at the age of 14. In 1957, he emigrated to the United Kingdom, where he settled in London and worked as an enforcer and frontman for the slum landlord Peter Rachman.
By the mid-1960s he had renamed himself "Michael X" and became a well-known exponent of Black Power in London. Writing in "The Observer" in 1965, Colin McGlashan called him "the authentic voice of black bitterness."
In 1965, under the name Abdul Malik, he founded the Racial Adjustment Action Society (RAAS).
In 1967 he was involved with the counterculture/hippie organisation the London Free School (LFS) through his contact with John "Hoppy" Hopkins, which both helped widen the reach of the group, at least in the Notting Hill area, and create problems with local police who disliked his involvement. Michael and the LFS were instrumental in organising the first outdoor Notting Hill Carnival later that year.
Later that year, he became the first non-white person to be charged and imprisoned under the UK's Race Relations Act, which was designed to protect Britain's Black and Asian populations from discrimination. He was sentenced to 12 months in jail for advocating the immediate killing of any white man seen "laying hands" on a black woman. He also said "white men have no soul".
In 1969, he became the self-appointed leader of a Black Power commune on Holloway Road, North London called the "Black House." The commune was financed by a young millionaire benefactor named Nigel Samuel. Michael X said, "They've made me the archbishop of violence in this country. But that 'get a gun' rhetoric is over. We're talking of really building things in the community needed by people in the community. We're keeping a sane approach." John Lennon and Yoko Ono donated a bag of their hair to be auctioned for the benefit of the Black House.
In what the media called "the slave collar affair," Jewish businessman Marvin Brown was enticed to The Black House, viciously attacked, and made to wear a spiked "slave" collar around his neck as Michael X and others threatened him with extortion. The Black House, underfinanced and undertaken with volunteer labour, closed in the autumn of 1970. The two men found guilty of assaulting Marvin Brown were imprisoned for eighteen months.
The Black House burned down in mysterious circumstances, and soon Michael X and four colleagues were arrested for extortion. His bail was paid by John Lennon in January 1971.
In February 1971, he fled to his native Trinidad, where he started an agricultural commune devoted to Black empowerment 16 miles east of the capital, Port of Spain. "The only politics I ever understand is the politics of revolution," he told the "Trinidad Express". "The politics of change, the politics of a completely new system." He began another commune, also called the Black House, which, in February 1972, also burned down in a fire.
Murder trial.
Police who had come to the commune to investigate the fire discovered the bodies of Joseph Skerritt and Gale Benson, members of the commune. They had been hacked to death and separately buried in shallow graves. Benson, who had been going under the name Hale Kimga, was the daughter of Conservative MP Leonard F. Plugge. She had met Michael X through her relationship with Malcolm X's cousin Hakim Jamal.
Michael X fled to Guyana a few days later and was captured there. He was charged with the murder of Skerritt and Benson, but was never tried for the latter crime. A witness at his trial claimed that Skerritt was a member of Malik's "Black Liberation Army" and had been killed by him because he refused to obey orders to attack a local police station. Malik was found guilty and sentenced to death. The Save Malik Committee, whose members included Angela Davis, Dick Gregory, Kate Millet and others, including the well known "radical lawyer" William Kunstler, who was paid by John Lennon, pleaded for clemency, but he was hanged in 1975.
Other members of the group were tried for Benson's murder. It was asserted that Benson had been shown an open grave and was then pushed in it and hacked at by Michael X with a machete on her neck.
Legacy.
Under the name Michael Abdul Malik, Michael X was the author of "From Michael Freitas to Michael X" (André Deutsch, 1968). Michael X also left behind fragments of a novel about a romantic black hero who wins the abject admiration of the narrator, a young English woman named Lena Boyd-Richardson. Inspecting the hero's bookshelf, Lena Boyd-Richardson is impressed at finding "Salammbô": "I discover that he not only have (sic) the books but actually reads and understands them I was absolutely bowld (sic), litterally. I took a seat, and gazed upon this marvel, Mike."
Cultural references.
Michael X is the subject of the essay "Michael X and the Black Power Killings in Trinidad" by V.S. Naipaul, collected in "The Return of Eva Perón and the Killings in Trinidad" (1980), and is also believed to be the model for the fictional character Jimmy Ahmed in Naipaul's 1975 novel "Guerrillas".
Michael X is a secondary character in "The Bank Job" (2008), a dramatisation of a real-life bank robbery in 1971. The film claims that Michael X was in possession of indecent photographs of Princess Margaret and used them to avoid criminal prosecution by threatening to publish them. He was played by Peter de Jersey.
Michael X and his trial are the subject of a chapter in Geoffrey Robertson's legal memoir "The Justice Game".
Michael X plays a part in "Make Believe: A True Story", a memoir by Diana Athill.
"Michael X" is the eponymous title of a play, by the writer Vanessa Walters, that takes the form of a 1960s black power rally and was performed at The Tabernacle Theatre, Powis Square, London W11 (Notting Hill), in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2922220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922220" title="Blue Train (South Africa)">
Blue Train (South Africa)

The Blue Train travels an approximately journey in South Africa between Pretoria and Cape Town. It is one of the most luxurious train journeys in the world. It boasts butler service, two lounge cars (smoking and non-smoking), an observation car, and carriages with gold-tinted picture windows, in soundproofed, fully carpeted compartments, each featuring its own en-suite (many of which are equipped with a full-sized bathtub). The service is promoted as a "magnificent moving five-star hotel" by its operators, who note that kings and presidents have travelled on it.
History.
The "Blue Train"'s origins date back to the "Union Limited" and "Union Express" trains which began in 1923, taking passengers from Johannesburg to the ships departing from Cape Town to England. The "Union Express" introduced luxury features such as a dining saloon in 1933 and air-conditioned carriages in 1939.
After a break in service in World War II the service returned in 1946. With the reintroduction of the train, the colloquial "blue train" moniker, a reference to the blue-painted steel carriages introduced in 1937, was formally adopted as the new name.
In 1997 it was refurbished and relaunched.
Route.
Prior to 2002, the "Blue Train" operated on four distinct routes:
By 2004 the last two routes have since been suspended, the former due to lack of patronage, the latter due to erratic rail rates being charged for access to the network of financially strapped Zimbabwe. As of 2007, the only regular route in operation was Pretoria-Cape Town, however special package tours were offered to Durban or the Bakubung Game Lodge; there have been other variations on the route.
Shosholoza Meyl, the long distance train division of the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa operates trains on the same Pretoria to Cape Town route, with one train per day in each direction, but is not a 'luxury' service.
Current operations.
The Blue Train is operated by "Luxrail", a division of Transnet Freight Rail, South Africa's national railway operator; plans are underway to privatize it.
Operations currently require two Blue Trains in operation. One operates in the northern direction and the other in the southern direction, allowing for daily departures from both ends of the route. The first train accommodates 74 guests in 37 suites. The second accommodates 58 guests in 29 suites and features a conference or observation car at the back of the train.
The trains travel at a speed of 90 kilometres per hour (58,2 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="2922221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922221" title="KV21">
KV21

Tomb KV21 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. It contains the mummies of two women, thought to be Eighteenth Dynasty queens. In 2010, a team headed by Dr Zahi Hawass (the head of Egyptian Supreme council of antiquity at that time) and including geneticist Carsten Pusch among others used DNA evidence to identify one mummy as the biological mother of the two fetuses preserved in the tomb of King Tutankhamun. 
The tomb was discovered by Giovanni Belzoni in 1817. Belzoni described how easily the hair came out of one of the mummies when he tugged at it.
The tomb has a small low chamber next to the burial chamber where large white washed jars (probably containing embalming waste) were located. 
James Burton, who mapped it in 1825, called it a "clean new tomb."
However, when the tomb was re-investigated in 1989 by Donald Ryan, the mummies had been torn to pieces, the jars stored next to the burial chamber were smashed, and a large graffito on one of the tombs walls proclaimed "ME 1826."
Announcing the DNA results in 2010, Carsten Pusch stated, "The data obtained from KV21A points to this mummy as the mother of the fetuses. Unfortunately we are not yet able to identify her as Ankhesenamun, Nefertiti's daughter." 

</doc>
<doc id="2922237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922237" title="Via Lattea">
Via Lattea

The Via Lattea (Milky Way) is a winter sports area in the Italian and French Alps, straddling the French-Italian border at Claviere/Montgenèvre. Located some 70 km (44 miles) west of Turin, it comprises the five Piedmontese resorts of Claviere (1760m), Sansicario (1700m), Sauze d'Oulx (1509m), Pragelato (1518m) and Sestriere (2035m) and additionally the French resort Montgenèvre (1850m). Altogether there are 400 km (250 miles) of skiable pistes, 120 of them with artificial snow, and 88 lifts. The lowest lift begins at 1350m in the service village of Cesana Torinese; the highest point is Mont Motta in the Sestriere ski area, at 2800m. Claviere and Montgenèvre are connected at the lower limit of their ski area in the frontier pass, and at their highest point below the top of Mont Gimont but are not easily reachable from the other areas, relying on a slow lift system up from Cesana. There are regular zero-fare bus services between the resorts.
A standard 6-day lift pass for one resort on the Italian side gives two free days skiing elsewhere in the Italian Via Lattea; otherwise, a supplement is payable, as it is for Montgenèvre. Coach trips are also organised to the Serre Chevalier ski region near Briançon in France.
The Via Lattea region hosted many events during the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics, including most alpine, freestyle, and nordic skiing events, bobsleigh, skeleton, and luge.
Pragelato.
Pragelato is connected to Via Lattea Ski by a gondola that in five minutes brings riders in the center of the ski slopes of Sestriere.
Claviere.
Located in the pass linking Italy and France, this is a small resort tucked under Mont Chaberton. It is best-suited for intermediate skiers with a majority of red runs and little area for beginners.
San Sicario.
This resort hosted all of the sledding events during the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics, along with biathlon.
Sestriere.
This resort has Olympic-standard slalom runs and some long black pistes. A flat area at the bottom is suited for beginners, but the majority of skiing is for intermediates. It is the highest and one of the busier resorts in the area, and underwent a large building programme in preparation for its hosting of the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Montgenèvre.
An old fort perched above the pass suggests the region's bloody past. This resort is well suited for beginners with many gentle slopes leading to a wide area by the bottom lifts. There are many intermediate runs and the chance for off-piste skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="2922241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922241" title="Omicron2 Canis Majoris">
Omicron2 Canis Majoris

Omicron2 Canis Majoris (ο² CMa, ο² Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. Since 1943, the spectrum of this star has served as one of the stable anchor points by which other stars are classified. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 3.043, making it one of the brighter members of the constellation. The distance to this star is roughly 2,800 light years (800 parsecs), with a 34% margin of error.
This is a massive supergiant star with a stellar classification of B3 Ia, indicating that, at the age of around 7 million years, it has exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core and is now undergoing nuclear fusion of helium to generate energy. It has about 21 times the mass of the Sun and 65 times the Sun's radius. In all likelihood, it will end its life as a Type II supernova.
Omicron2 Canis Majoris is one of the most luminous stars known, as it radiates about 220,000 times as much luminosity as the Sun from its outer envelope at a temperature of 15,500 K. At this heat, the star is glowing with the blue-white hue of a B-type star. This star is classified as an Alpha Cygni-type variable star that undergoes periodic non-radial pulsations, which cause its brightness to cycle from magnitude +2.93 to +3.08 over a 24.44 day interval. It is losing mass from its stellar wind at the rate of around times the mass of the Sun per year, or the equivalent of the Sun's mass every 500 million years. 
While this star lies in the field of view of the open cluster named Collinder 121, it is unlikely to be a member. In fact, its optical neighbor, ο1 Canis Majoris has a much higher likelihood of 23.1% based upon its proper motion being a closer match to the motion of the cluster. Although they are located near each other on the celestial sphere, ο1 CMa and ο2 CMa are most likely not gravitationally bound to each other as they appear to lie many light years apart.
Name.
In the catalogue of stars in the "Calendarium of Al Achsasi Al Mouakket", this star was designated Thanih al Adzari (تاني ألعذاري - "taanii al-aðārii"), which was translated into Latin as Secunda Virginum, meaning "the second virgin". This star, along with ε CMa (Adhara), δ CMa (Wezen) and η CMa (Aludra), were Al ʽAdhārā (ألعذاري), the Virgins.

</doc>
<doc id="2922246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922246" title="KV27">
KV27

Tomb KV27 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. This tomb was visited by John Wilkinson, but was not fully explored until 1990, by Donald P. Ryan of Pacific Lutheran University. The tomb is undecorated, and nothing is known about its occupant or occupants.

</doc>
<doc id="2922247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922247" title="Pi Canis Majoris">
Pi Canis Majoris

Pi Canis Majoris (π CMa, π Canis Majoris), also known as 19 Canis Majoris, is a star in the constellation Canis Major located approximately 96 light years from Earth.
Pi Canis Majoris A is a yellow-white F-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +4.68.

</doc>
<doc id="2922250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922250" title="Sumbul">
Sumbul

Sumbul or Sumbal is a given name of Arabic origin from Muskroot, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922251" title="LCRS">
LCRS

The LCRS (Landing Craft Rubber Small) was a small inflatable boat which was used by the United States Navy and USMC from 1938 to 1945. During World War II 8,150 LCRSs were made. It had a weight of 95 kg and could transport seven men.
Army Lt. Lloyd Peddicord of the Observer Group designed an inflatable boat and brought his plans to the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company who produced the Landing Craft Rubber-Small craft.
The Naval Combat Demolition Units were organised in a six man team of an officer, a petty officer and four seamen using a seven man LCRS inflatable boat to carry their explosives and gear.

</doc>
<doc id="2922254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922254" title="Socialist Organisation of Working People">
Socialist Organisation of Working People

The Socialist Organisation of Working People (SOP, Czech: "Socialistická organizace pracujících") is a Trotskyist political group in the Czech Republic established in 1998 after a split in the group affiliate to the International Socialist Tendency, Socialist Solidarity. . It is a section of the League for the Fifth International.
In their words: ""SOP follows revolutionary traditions of Marx, Engels, Lenin and Trotsky, striving to build a revolutionary worker's party"". They established an independent youth group, called REVO, in 2000. Revo had a split in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2922260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922260" title="Sigma Canis Majoris">
Sigma Canis Majoris

Sigma Canis Majoris (σ CMa, σ Canis Majoris) is a star in the southern constellation of Canis Major. It is approximately from Earth and has an average apparent visual magnitude of +3.41.
σ CMa is a supergiant star with a stellar classification of M1.5 Iab. This is a type of star that is in the late stages of its evolution, having consumed the hydrogen at its core and ballooned out to 420 times the Sun's radius. At 1.95 Astronomical Units, this is radius nearly double the average distance of the Earth from the Sun. It is currently radiating about 32,000 times the luminosity of the Sun from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of around 3,877 K. This gives it the cool orange-red hue of an M-type star.
It is classified as an irregular variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +3.43 to +3.51. The magnetic field of this star has a strength below 1 G. It is suspected of being a member of the Collider 121 stellar association of co-moving stars, but this is disputed.
Culture signification.
The indigenous Boorong people of northwestern Victoria saw it as "Unurgunite", flanked by his wives (Epsilon and Delta Canis Majoris).

</doc>
<doc id="2922266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922266" title="Richard Youngs">
Richard Youngs

Richard Youngs is a British musician with a prolific and diverse output, including many collaborations. Based in Glasgow since the early 1990s, his extensive back catalogue of solo and collaborative work formally begins with "Advent", first issued in 1990. He plays many instruments, most commonly choosing the guitar, but he has been known to use a wide variety of other instruments including the shakuhachi, accordion, theremin, dulcimer, a home-made synthesizer (common on early recordings) and even a motorway bridge. He also released an album which was entirely "a cappella".
For many years, live performances were very occasional and almost always in Glasgow; he has stated publicly that he finds live performance ""incredibly nerve-racking: stomach cramps, tension headaches..."". However, in recent years, he has performed more regularly (including a tour of New Zealand in 2010 and a UK tour in support of Damon and Naomi in 2011) and many of his recent shows have been predominantly vocal - he told The Wire ("issue 284") ""I went to a laptop concert and decided I was going to sing"".
Style.
His music has been noted for its diversity, with Dusted saying that he had been ""defying strict genre classifications since the early nineties, swapping labels, styles, partners, motifs, and recording techniques as the desire has struck him"". He has been recording for most of his life, telling Foxy Digitalis that ""I've made music as long as I can remember - ever since I was a child - and recorded the stuff as long as I've had the technology - I began with a cheap cassette player. So, it's strange to think what it'd be like not to make or record music. It seems unnatural!"". When reviewing his 1996 CD "Festival", Melody Maker described him as ""grand-meister of contemporary British improv, spiritual son of Eddie Prevost and Maddy Prior; gentle manipulator of English hymn-notics and religious incantations; protege, challenger and radicaliser of folk, blues, rock, minimalism and improvisation; translator for the sea and the rain and the sky; ambassador to war and peace, to love and anguish"".
It could be suggested his musical styles range from folk to progressive rock to improvisation to electronics. Early works were characterized by a somewhat minimalist lo-fi production quality, with Youngs working mostly on a reel-to-reel 4-track machine or recording directly to minidisc. However, he has been using professional standard computer-based recording systems for over a decade.
Collaborations.
A keen collaborator, he has released albums with Matthew Bower, Brian Lavelle, Neil Campbell, Stephen Todd, Makoto Kawabata, Alex Neilson, Andrew Paine (under their given names and under the group names Ilk and Urban Parable), Telstar Ponies, and his longest standing partner, Simon Wickham-Smith. He has performed live with Heather Leigh Murray, Vibracathedral Orchestra and also with Matthew Bower's groups Sunroof! and Skullflower. He was also a member of the collective A Band.
Jandek.
Youngs has also gained attention from his live performances for the notoriously reclusive American avant-folk/blues singer-songwriter Jandek. Youngs can be heard on the "Glasgow Sunday", "Newcastle Sunday" and "Glasgow Monday" albums, which were recorded at Jandek's first 3 (known) live performances. He also appears on "Glasgow Friday" and "Camber Sands Sunday". There was one further show at which Youngs appeared but drummer Alex Neilson (who completed the line-up on all these shows) has advised the Brainwashed website that this performance - at Mono in Glasgow on 18 May 2006 (the day after the performance released as "Bristol Wednesday") - did not record successfully. For some time, this left no further available live performances with Youngs as a participant available for release. However, the trio reunited in Manchester, UK on 21 April 2012 and again in Glasgow on 6 April 2013.
A Jandek studio album was released on Corwood Industries in 2011 titled "Where Do You Go From Here". As with all Jandek releases, no performer credits are listed. However, some listeners have claimed that the album was recorded by the trio of Smith, Youngs and Neilson, with Youngs' voice being identified on some tracks.
Labels.
He has recorded for over a dozen independent record labels, with VHF releasing much of his collaborative work and Jagjaguwar issuing many of his solo albums, their first being a reissue of "Sapphie". Other labels have included Dekorder, Fourth Dimension, Freek, Fusetron, Majora, Table of the Elements, Volcanic Tongue and his own labels, beginning with Jabberwok in the 1980s, and then the self-deprecatingly named No Fans Records.
No Fans Records.
Richard founded No Fans Records 1990 and he releases only his own solo and collaborative work through the imprint with some items released in very small numbers. A number of No Fans releases have been reissued in larger editions by other labels.
NFR discography
Recent work.
In recent years, Youngs has performed live more often, including shows in the UK, Canada and Italy. He toured New Zealand in late 2010 and the US in 2013. His release schedule is as prolific as ever, releasing 5 new albums in 2013. He now records for Ba Da Bing Records, his first album for the label being "Summer Through My Mind". 
Discography.
Early recordings.
Youngs's 1980s recordings were mostly as Omming For Woks - principally Youngs and Andrew Trussler with Barry Lamb joining them for the "Show Me A Sane Man" EP. Several privately issued cassettes on their own Jabberwok label exist, including "Living in Harmony" (1984) and "Shouting The Silent Slogan" (1986) and a clutch of compilation appearances including "Sympathy" on "Time And Time Again" with Assorted Artists (Fragment 1985) and "Marjorie Daw" on "Sensationnel N°5 - All with voices" (Illusion Productions 1987).
Jabberwok issued several cassette compilations which featured OFW material including "Fugitive Pieces" (1984), "The Great Difficult Music Swindle" (1985), and "Cars and T-Shirts" (1985). There was also a 1985 collaboration - "Rock and Roll Should Have Stopped With Bill Haley" - with The Strolling Ones.
Two further cassettes came to light through being offered on eBay. Both are primarily solo Youngs and appear under the artist name The Creation Room - "Dark Shadow Breath b/w Roog Confetti" and "Apricot Tree" & "Will To Tedium b/w 19 Used Postage Stamps" (the latter being explicitly referred to by Youngs in "The Wire", issue 259 and reissued on the limited edition "20th Century Jams" CDR in 2007). The former features a number of collaborators, including Trussler. A further Creation Room cassette "Music that Undid Him in a Japanese Minute" (1985) has been listed on Discogs; again, this is primarily solo Youngs with a contribution from Simon Batley on two tracks. Other recordings issued under this name include the cassette "Music From the Creation Room" (1984) and a compilation song entitled "Sometimes For Him".
Unreleased material.
Youngs records prolifically and there are many unreleased projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2922269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922269" title="Blanche Noyes">
Blanche Noyes

Blanche Noyes (June 23, 1900 – October 6, 1981) was an American pioneering female aviator who was among the first ten women to receive a pilot's license. In 1929, she became Ohio's first licensed female pilot.
Biography.
She was born Blanche Wilcox on June 23, 1900 in Cleveland, Ohio. She gave up her acting career after marrying pilot Dewey L. Noyes (c. 1900 – 1935). 
She started flying in 1929 after getting a lesson from her husband. She soloed on February 15 after four hours of training and received her pilot's license in June of the same year.
Noyes entered the inaugural Women's Air Derby in August 1929, one of twenty competitors attempting to fly from Santa Monica, California to Cleveland. Along the way, she "narrowly escaped death when her plane caught fire in mid-air near Pecos." She set down so hard her landing gear was damaged. She put out the fire, made repairs and resumed the race. She placed fourth in the heavy class. 
She was a demonstration pilot for Standard Oil in 1931 and flew with various organizations until her husband died in a crash in 1935. 
In 1936, she teamed up as co-pilot to Louise Thaden and won the Bendix Trophy Race in the first year women were allowed to compete against men. They set a new world record of 14 hours, 55 minutes from New York City to Los Angeles, California. They flew a Beech C17R Staggerwing biplane. Laura Ingalls, another aviatrix, came in second by 45 minutes flying a Lockheed Orion. 
To Pilots Thaden & Noyes the $7,000 prize money was far less gratifying than the pleasure of beating the men. Among the first ten U.S. women to earn transport licenses, they have for years been front-line fighters in aviation's "battle of the sexes." A fuzzy-haired blonde of 30, Mrs. Thaden has been flying since 1927, has held the women's speed, altitude and endurance records, is the mother of a 6-year-old son. She and Flyer Noyes both work regularly as air-marking pilots for the Department of Commerce. Short, brunette Mrs. Noyes is better known as the only pilot ever to fly John D. Rockefeller Sr. In the National Air Races, men contestants have always patronized women, in 1934 ousted them altogether. Smilingly observed Pilots Thaden and Noyes last week when they found they had won one of the two most important events of the Races: "Well, that's a surprise! We expected to be the cow's tail."
While living in Irvington, New Jersey, Noyes became a member of the Women's Advisory Committee on Aeronautics. In August 1936, she was among a handful of leading aviatrices to join the Air Marking Group of the Bureau of Air Commerce, funded by the Works Progress Administration. The group's objective was to aid aerial navigation by writing the name of the nearest town at 15-mile (24 km) intervals, on the roofs of prominent buildings if possible, on the ground in white paint when not. With America's entry into World War II in December 1941, however, for security reasons the Noyes team had to black out the roughly 13,000 sites they had marked. After the war, as head of the air marking division of the Civil Aeronautics Administration, she oversaw their restoration and added further navigational aids. According to the National Air and Space Museum, "For many years, she was the only woman pilot allowed to fly a government aircraft."
She also wrote numerous newspaper and magazine articles.
She died on October 6, 1981 in Washington, D.C.
Noyes was inducted into the Aviation Hall of Fame in 1970. She was the first woman awarded a gold medal by the Commerce Department, for 35 years of government service improving air safety.

</doc>
<doc id="2922273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922273" title="Tau Canis Majoris">
Tau Canis Majoris

Tau Canis Majoris (τ CMa, τ Canis Majoris) is an eclipsing spectroscopic binary in the constellation Canis Major and the brightest star of an open cluster designated NGC 2362. Approximately 3200 light years from Earth, the star is actually a multiple star system with some massive components.
This star is sometimes known as the 'Mexican Jumping Star' by amateur astronomers, because it can appear to 'jump around' with respect to the other stars in the cluster because of its marked contrast in brightness. 
τ Canis Majoris is classified as an O-type blue supergiant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.37. It is a Beta Lyrae type variable star with a period of 1.28 days, over which time its brightness varies from magnitude +4.32 to +4.37. It might be that one or more components are intrinsically variable. 
The main star can be split into components of apparent magnitude 4.9 and 5.3 0.15 arcseconds apart, with a magnitude 10 component 8 arcseconds distant. The brighter of these is composed of three stars- two egg-shaped stars that are 0.1 astronomical unit (AU) apart and orbit each other every 1.28 days and a third that orbits this pair every 155 days at a distance similar to that of Jupiter from our Sun. The 5.3 magnitude star lies 223 AU distant from the group and takes more than a year to orbit the others, and the 10th magnitude star is 13,000 AU distant. Combined, the four close stars have a combined mass 80 times that of the Sun and shine with 500,000 times its luminosity, but little is known of their individual properties.

</doc>
<doc id="2922274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922274" title="KV31">
KV31

Tomb KV31 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It is now mostly sanded up, and its contents are unrecorded and unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2922277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922277" title="Ken Berry (baseball)">
Ken Berry (baseball)

Allen Kent Berry (born May 10, 1941 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball center fielder. He was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent before the 1961 season. He played for the White Sox from 1962 until he was traded in 1970 to the California Angels. He also played for the Milwaukee Brewers and finished his career with the Cleveland Indians. Ken won two Gold Glove Awards for his play in the outfield in 1970 and 1972. He played his final major league baseball game on May 31, 1975.
Berry is a 1959 graduate of Washburn Rural High School where he starred in football, basketball and track and field. He continued to play football and basketball as a freshman while attending Wichita State University. Berry also played one year in a work/play program for the McPherson (Kansas) BJs in the Ban Johnson League. That year McPherson went to the National Ban Johnson League tournament finals played in Wichita.
Berry was named to the American League All-Star team in 1967, when his White Sox battled the Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers, and Minnesota Twins for the pennant all the way down to the last few days of the season.
He led league outfielders in putouts once (1965) and in fielding percentage three times (1970, 1972, and 1973). He tied for the league lead once each in assists and double plays, both in 1972.
Career batting totals for 1,383 games played include 1,053 hits, 58 home runs, 343 RBI, and a lifetime batting average of .255.
Career highlights include: 
In 2012, Berry---now a grandfather---published two children's books, "Artie the Awesome Apple" and "Clyde the Clumsy Camel". He told the "Topeka Capital-Journal" he began writing the books in December 2011 and kept on after his wife told him they were "not bad." The newspaper said Berry often entertained his children on long drives to spring training by making up stories about three friendly ghosts.

</doc>
<doc id="2922278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922278" title="Omega Canis Majoris">
Omega Canis Majoris

Omega Canis Majoris (ω CMa, ω Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
ω Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type subgiant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.01. It is approximately 920 light years from Earth. It is classified as a Gamma Cassiopeiae type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +3.60 to +4.18.
This star has 6.2 times the radius of the Sun and its outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 21,019 K.

</doc>
<doc id="2922279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922279" title="Daniel Peter">
Daniel Peter

Daniel Peter (1836–1919) was a Swiss chocolatier. He was one of the first chocolatiers to make milk chocolate, in 1875 or 1876, by adding powdered milk to the chocolate. 
Life.
Peter began his career as a candle maker in his native town Vevey, Switzerland, but soon demand fell due to the emergence of oil lamps.
When Peter came up with the process of making milk chocolate in 1857, he had a problem with removing the water from the milk, which caused mildew to form. It was not until he enlisted the cooperation of Henri Nestlé, then a baby-food manufacturer, that finally, in 1875 after seven years of effort, he was able to bring the product onto the market. Later, in 1879, the two joined to form the Nestlé Company.

</doc>
<doc id="2922286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922286" title="10 Canis Majoris">
10 Canis Majoris

10 Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 4000 light years from Earth.
10 Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type giant with a mean apparent magnitude of +5.23. It is classified as a Gamma Cassiopeiae type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +5.13 to +5.44.

</doc>
<doc id="2922292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922292" title="11 Canis Majoris">
11 Canis Majoris

11 Canis Majoris is a star in Canis Major, the eleventh entry in John Flamsteed's catalogue of stars in that constellation. It is a blue-white B-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.28 and lies approximately 642 light years from Earth.
References.
11 Canis Majoris in SIMBAD

</doc>
<doc id="2922305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922305" title="KV58">
KV58

Tomb KV58 is located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. It is known as the "Chariot Tomb", and consists of deposits from the tomb of Ay in WV23.

</doc>
<doc id="2922306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922306" title="12 Canis Majoris">
12 Canis Majoris

12 Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
12 Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type giant with a mean apparent magnitude of +6.07. It is approximately 668 light years from Earth. It is classified as an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +6.06 to +6.09 with a period of 2.18 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2922308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922308" title="15 Canis Majoris">
15 Canis Majoris

15 Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
15 Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type subgiant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.82. It is approximately 1200 light years from Earth. It is classified as a Beta Cephei type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +4.79 to +4.84 with a period of 4.43 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2922314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922314" title="17 Canis Majoris">
17 Canis Majoris

17 Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
17 Canis Majoris is a white A-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +5.80. It is approximately 605 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922316" title="26 Canis Majoris">
26 Canis Majoris

26 Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
26 Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type main sequence dwarf with a mean apparent magnitude of +5.91. It is approximately 718 light years from Earth. It is classified as a long-period pulsating B-type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +5.84 to +5.87.

</doc>
<doc id="2922319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922319" title="KV59">
KV59

Tomb KV59 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It seems to be a tomb-commencement, but contained no remains.

</doc>
<doc id="2922320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922320" title="27 Canis Majoris">
27 Canis Majoris

27 Canis Majoris, also called 27 CMa, is a star system in the constellation Canis Major. It is approximately 1580 light years from Earth and has a mean apparent magnitude of +4.42.
The primary component, 27 Canis Majoris A, is a blue-white B-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.9. It is also a spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 0.262 days.
The second component, 27 Canis Majoris B, is separated from the primary by 0.1 arcseconds and has an orbital period of 31 years. Its apparent magnitude is +5.4 and it is classified as a Gamma Cassiopeiae type variable star. Due to its variable nature, the brightness of the system varies from magnitude +4.42 to +4.82.

</doc>
<doc id="2922328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922328" title="UW Canis Majoris">
UW Canis Majoris

UW Canis Majoris is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It is classified as a Beta Lyrae eclipsing contact binary and given the variable star designation UW Canis Majoris. Its brightness varies from magnitude +4.84 to +5.33 with a period of 4.39 days. Bode had initially labelled it as Tau2 Canis Majoris, but this designation had been dropped by Gould and subsequent authors.
UW Canis Majoris A is a rare blue supergiant of spectral type O7.5-8 Iab with a diameter 13 times that of the Sun, while its companion is a slightly cooler, less evolved and less luminous supergiant of spectral type O9.7Ib that is 10 times the Sun's diameter. The brighter star is the more luminous, its luminosity 200,000 times that of the Sun as opposed to the secondary's 63,000 times. However the secondary is the more massive star at 19 Solar masses to the primary's 16. Parallax measurements showed it to be approximately 3000 light years from Earth, but this is unexpectedly close for a star of its spectral type and brightness. Recent more accurate Hipparcos parallax data gives an even closer result around 2000 light years. It is thought to be distant member of NGC 2362 which would place it about 5000 light years and more closely match its expected luminosity. The contradiction between the different distance results is still a subject of research.

</doc>
<doc id="2922334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922334" title="Muskroot">
Muskroot

Sumbul, also called sumbal or muskroot, is a drug occasionally employed in European medical practice. It consists of the root of "Ferula sumbul", a tall umbelliferous plant found in the north of Bokhara in present day Uzbekistan, its range apparently extending beyond the Amur. 
It was first brought to Russia in 1535 as a substitute for musk; and in 1867 was introduced into the British pharmacopoeia. The root as found in commerce consists of transverse sections an inch or more in thickness and from 1 to 3 or more inches in diameter. It has a dark thin papery bark, a spongy texture, and the cut surface is marbled with white and blackish or pale brown; it has a musky odor and a bitter aromatic taste. The action and uses of the drug are the same as those of asafetida. It owes its medicinal properties to a resin and an essential oil. Of the former, it contains about 9% and of the latter 3%. The resin is soluble in ether and has a musky smell, which is not fully developed until after contact with water. Under the name of East Indian sumbul, the root of "Dorema ammoniacum" has occasionally been offered in English commerce. It is of a browner hue, has the taste of ammoniacum, and gives a much darker tincture than the genuine drug; it is thus easily detected. The name "sumbal" (a word of Arabic origin, signifying a spike or ear) is applied to several fragrant roots in the East, the principal being "Nardostachys jatamansi", (see spikenard).

</doc>
<doc id="2922343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922343" title="Cleomenes of Naucratis">
Cleomenes of Naucratis

Cleomenes (Greek: Kλεoμένης; died 322 BC), a Greek of Naucratis in Egypt, was appointed by Alexander III of Macedon as nomarch of the Arabian district ("νoμoς") of Egypt and receiver of the tributes from all the districts of Egypt and the neighbouring part of Africa (331 BC). Some of the ancient writers say that Alexander made him satrap of Egypt; but this is incorrect, for Arrian expressly states that the other nomarchs were independent of him, except that they had to pay to him the tributes of their districts. It would, however, appear that he had no difficulty in extending his depredations over all Egypt, and it is possible that he would have taken the title of satrap. It is told that his rapacity knew no bounds, that he exercised his office solely for his own advantage. 
When there was a scarcity of grain, which was less severe in Egypt than in the neighbouring countries, he at first forbade its export from Egypt. But when the nomarchs represented to him that this measure prevented them from raising the proper amount of tribute, he permitted the export of grain, but placed a heavy export duty on it. On another occasion, when the price of grain was ten drachmas, Cleomenes bought it up and sold it at 32 drachmas; and in other ways he interfered with the markets for his own gain.
Alexander had entrusted him to build the new city of Alexandria. Cleomenes informed the people of Canopus, then the chief emporium of Egypt, that he must move them to the new city. To avert such an evil they provided him with a large sum of money. But, as the building of Alexandria advanced, he again demanded that the people of Canopus pay him a large sum of money, which they could not pay. So this provided him with the excuse for removing them.
He also made money out of the superstitions of the people. After one of his boys had been killed by a crocodile, he ordered the crocodiles be destroyed. But, in return for all the money which the priests gathering to save their sacred animals, he revoked his order. On another occasion he sent for the priests, and informed them that the religious establishment was too expensive and must be reduced. So the priests handed over to him the treasures of their temples. So he then left them undisturbed.
Alexander was informed of Cleomenes' actions, but found it convenient to take no notice of them. But after his return to Babylon in 323 BC, he wrote to Cleomenes, commanding him to erect at Alexandria a splendid monument to Hephaestion, and promised that if this work was zealously performed, he would overlook his misconduct.
In the distribution of Alexander's empire after his death (323 BC), Cleomenes remained in Egypt as satrap under Ptolemy, who put him to death on the suspicion of his favouring Perdiccas. The effect, if not also a cause, of this act was that Ptolemy was then able to take possession of Cleomenes' accumulated wealth, which amounted to 8000 talents.

</doc>
<doc id="2922362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922362" title="Gamma Canis Minoris">
Gamma Canis Minoris

Gamma Canis Minoris (γ CMi, γ Canis Minoris) is a binary star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is approximately 398 light years from Earth.
γ Canis Minoris is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.34. It is a spectroscopic binary, and it has an unresolved companion which has an orbital period of 389 days.
Its orange colour is obvious when seen through binoculars.

</doc>
<doc id="2922368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922368" title="Delta1 Canis Minoris">
Delta1 Canis Minoris

Delta1 Canis Minoris (δ1 CMi, δ1 Canis Minoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Minor.
δ1 Canis Minoris is a yellow-white F-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.24. It is approximately 790 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922369" title="Norrortsleden">
Norrortsleden

Norrortsleden is a motorway providing connection from the European route E4 in the municipality of Sollentuna to European route E18 in the municipality of Österåker. The motorway was opened on 4 October 2008.
Description.
Norrortsleden was completed in 2008, and is numbered 265. The connection with European highway E18 is provided with a new interchange at Trafikplats Ullna, designated with exit number 186. The motorway was opened in several stages; and the 2.1 kilometer long Törnskog tunnel was opened in late June 2008.
Serving the municipalities of Österåker, Täby, and Sollentuna, this motorway provides a quick, fast, safe, and easily accessible route for commuters along the northern suburbs of Stockholm. The intersection with European highway E4 has been constructed and is open for traffic, known as Häggviksleden, which opened in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2922372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922372" title="Gary Peters (baseball)">
Gary Peters (baseball)

Gary Charles Peters (born April 21, 1937 in Grove City, Pennsylvania) is a former American professional baseball player. He was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played on two major league teams for 14 seasons, from 1959 through 1972. He was one of the best-hitting pitchers of his era.
Major League Baseball.
The Chicago White Sox drafted Peters as an amateur free agent in after he graduated from Grove City College. After four brief call-ups, he got a pitching job on the White Sox in , winning 19 games (19-8) and the American League Rookie of the Year Award. A left-handed pitcher, he led the American League in earned run average in 1963 and 1966, with the most wins in 1964, and fielding average as pitcher in 1968. He stayed in the White Sox organization through the season and was traded to the Boston Red Sox where he spent the last three years of his playing career.
Peters was named to the American League All-Star roster in 1964 and 1967, and finished in the top 10 in the Most Valuable Player voting in 1963, 1964, and 1967. He had a .222 lifetime batting average and hit 19 home runs. He was frequently used as a pinch-hitter, once winning one game with a pinch-hit home run. On May 5, 1968, Peters hit a grand slam in Comiskey Park, helping the White Sox to a 5-1 victory over the New York Yankees. He was also used as a pitch-runner.
Chicago White Sox All-Century Team.
On September 30, 2000, the Chicago White Sox announced that Gary Peters and 26 other former and active White Sox players were members of the Chicago White Sox All-Century Team.
External links.
Rookie One Hit Shutout http://espn.go.com/espn/elias?date=20110906

</doc>
<doc id="2922377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922377" title="Delta2 Canis Minoris">
Delta2 Canis Minoris

Delta2 Canis Minoris (δ2 CMi, δ2 Canis Minoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is one of three stars that share the Bayer designation Delta Canis Minoris in Johann Bayer's 1603 "Uranometria" atlas of bright stars. The Flamsteed designation for this star is 8 Canis Minoris, indicating it is the eighth star in the constellation Canis Minoris listed in John Flamsteed's 1712 star catalogue.
As of 2008, no companion has been discovered orbiting δ2 Canis Minoris; it appears to be a solitary star. The apparent magnitude of 5.589 means this star is visible to the naked eye, although it is faint and requires a dark sky to view. Based upon parallax measurements, this star is about 136 light years distant from the Earth.
This star is rotating rapidly; the projected rotational velocity is 117.6 km/s, which means that the equator of this star is rotating at this velocity or greater. By comparison, the Sun is a slow rotator with an equatorial azimuthal velocity of 2 km/s. δ2 Canis Minoris has a stellar classification of F2 V, indicating that this is an F-type main-sequence star that is generating energy at its core through thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen. The effective temperature of the photosphere is about 7053 K, giving it the yellow-white hue that is characteristic of F-type stars. The radius of this star can be estimated indirectly based upon the measured brightness and color information, which suggests the star is about the same size as the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="2922379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922379" title="KV50">
KV50

Tomb KV50 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It contained the burial of a dog mummey and a mummified monkey, and is probably associated with the nearby tomb of Amenhotep II (KV35).
Recent (winter 2009/10) excavations in this area by an SCA team attempting to relocate tombs KV50, KV51, KV52 and KV 53 revealed 18th Dyn blue painted pottery, tools and hieratic and figured ostraca which included :

</doc>
<doc id="2922381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922381" title="KV51">
KV51

Tomb KV51 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It contained the burials of three monkeys, one baboon, one ibis and three ducks, and is probably associated with nearby tomb of Amenhotep II (KV35).
Recent (winter 2009/10) excavations in this area by an SCA team attempting to relocate tombs KV50, KV51, KV52 and KV 53 revealed 18th Dyn blue painted pottery, tools and hieratic and figured ostraca which included :

</doc>
<doc id="2922382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922382" title="Delta3 Canis Minoris">
Delta3 Canis Minoris

Delta3 Canis Minoris (δ3 CMi, δ3 Canis Minoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is approximately 680 light years from Earth.
δ3 Canis Minoris is a white A-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +5.83.

</doc>
<doc id="2922384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922384" title="KV52">
KV52

Tomb KV52 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It contained a mummified monkey, and is probably associated with the nearby tomb of Amenhotep II (KV35).
Recent (winter 2009/10) excavations in this area by an SCA team attempting to relocate tombs KV50, KV51, KV52 and KV 53 revealed 18th Dyn blue painted pottery, tools and hieratic and figured ostraca which included :

</doc>
<doc id="2922386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922386" title="KV54">
KV54

Tomb KV54 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It was originally excavated by Edward R. Ayrton on behalf of the American lawyer Theodore M. Davis, who funded the work.
Site history.
Not so much a tomb but a small pit located near the tomb of Seti I, it contained about a dozen large sealed storage jars. Within the jars were contained assorted equipment and objects that had been carefully packed. It contained pottery, dishes, bags of natron, animal bones, floral collars and linen containing text dated to the final years of the then little-known pharaoh Tutankhamun. 
In 1909 Davis donated the finds he was allowed to take out of Egypt (the contents of six of the storage jars), which were of little intrinsic value, to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, where they currently reside and are on display. Davis declared to the press that he had found the tomb of Tutankhamun, and he published his findings in a book called The "Tombs of Harmhabi and Touatankhamanou" (using the then-current French spellings for the pharaohs Horemheb and Tutankhamun respectively) in 1912. 
One of the critical finds from KV54 was a piece of linen marked with hieratic text saying "The good god, Lord of the Two Lands, Nebkheperure Prenomen of Tutankhamun, beloved of Min. Linen of year 6." Recognizing that KV54 did not represent Tutankhamun's actual tomb, and that it "did" signal the existence of a yet-to-be discovered tomb, archaeologist Howard Carter, who would eventually find the real Tomb of Tutankhamun, corresponded with the Metropolitan's Egyptological Director Herbert Winlock on this subject in 1915. 
In 1923, Winlock, who had subsequently found similar contents in other excavations throughout the Theban necropolis, instead identified the contents of KV54 not as an actual tomb, but an embalming cache, representing the refuse left over from the mummification of the pharaoh, rather than his "tomb". The food and other related items likely came from a funerary banquet held at the pharaoh's interment. He estimated that there had been a total of eight official mourners who had attended the burial. 
When Tutankhamun's tomb was discovered in 1922, similar items were found in the entrance corridor, and it is thought that after the first robbery attempt of the tomb, the embalming cache material was moved to the pit that was KV54, and the corridor filled with rocky debris in order to stop any future robbery attempts.

</doc>
<doc id="2922388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922388" title="KV53">
KV53

Tomb KV53 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It has never been fully planned, but consisted of a single chamber at the end of a shaft.
Recent (winter 2009/10) excavations in this area by an SCA team attempting to relocate tombs KV50, KV51, KV52 and KV 53 revealed 18th Dyn blue painted pottery, tools and hieratic and figured ostraca which included :

</doc>
<doc id="2922389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922389" title="Scouting and Guiding in Western Sahara">
Scouting and Guiding in Western Sahara

Scouting exists in Western Sahara both as part of the Fédération Nationale du Scoutisme Marocain as well as independent groups.
The Scout Motto is "Kun Musta'idan" or كن مستعدين, translating as "Be Prepared" in Arabic. The noun for a single Scout is "Kashaf" or كشاف in Arabic.
Notes.
Western Sahara is disputed territory, not presently independent. The two main claimants are the Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front independence movement (and government of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic or SADR), who dispute control of the territory. Since a United Nations-sponsored cease-fire agreement in 1991, most of the territory has been controlled by Morocco, with the remainder under the control of Polisario/SADR. As the international Scouting movement is an educational youth movement, it takes a neutral position on each side's claims, and the existence of Scouting on the land area of Western Sahara does not imply any official position in the dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="2922390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922390" title="Government House Leader (Ontario)">
Government House Leader (Ontario)

The Ontario Government House Leader is the provincial cabinet minister responsible for planning and managing the government's legislative program in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The position is not legally entitled to cabinet standing on its own, so all Government House Leaders must simultaneously hold another portfolio (or be specifically designated as a minister without portfolio).
House Leaders at the federal level are often granted sinecure assignments to give them cabinet standing while allowing them to focus exclusively on house business. This has not been the case at the provincial level. In recent years, John Baird and Dwight Duncan have served as Government House Leaders while simultaneously holding the high-profile Minister of Energy position.
The current Government House Leader is Yasir Naqvi (as of June 24, 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="2922391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922391" title="Epsilon Canis Minoris">
Epsilon Canis Minoris

Epsilon Canis Minoris (ε CMi, ε Canis Minoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Minor.
ε Canis Minoris is a yellow G-type bright giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.99. It is approximately 990 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922397" title="Programmable IC">
Programmable IC

Programmable IC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922399" title="Zeta Canis Minoris">
Zeta Canis Minoris

Zeta Canis Minoris (ζ CMi, ζ Canis Minoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Minor.
ζ Canis Minoris is a blue-white B-type bright giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.13. It is approximately 420 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922404" title="Smith &amp; Wesson Model 10">
Smith &amp; Wesson Model 10

The Smith & Wesson Model 10, previously known as the Smith & Wesson .38 Hand Ejector Model of 1899, the Smith & Wesson Military & Police or the Smith & Wesson Victory Model, is a revolver of worldwide popularity. It was the successor to the Smith & Wesson .32 Hand Ejector Model of 1896 and was the first Smith & Wesson revolver to feature a cylinder release latch on the left side of the frame like the Colt M1889. In production since 1899, it is a six-shot double-action revolver with fixed sights. Over its long production run it has been available with barrel lengths of , , , , and . Barrels of are also known to have been made for special contracts. Some 6,000,000 of the type have been produced over the years, making it the most popular centerfire revolver of the 20th century.
History.
In 1899, the Army and Navy placed orders with Smith and Wesson for two to three thousand Model 1899 Hand Ejector revolvers chambered for the M1892 .38 U.S. Service Cartridge (aka .38 Long Colt). With this order, the Hand Ejector Model became known as the .38 Military and Police model. That same year, in response to reports from military sources serving in the Philippines on the relative ineffectiveness of the .38 (Long Colt) cartridge, Smith & Wesson began offering the Military & Police in a new chambering, the .38 S&W Special (aka .38 Special) — a slightly elongated version of the .38 Long Colt cartridge with increased bullet weight (158 grains) and increase in powder charge from eighteen to twenty-one grains of gunpowder.
In 1902 the .38 Military & Police (2nd Model) was introduced, featuring substantial changes. These included major modification and simplification of the internal lockwork and the addition of a locking underlug on the barrel to engage the previously free-standing ejector rod. Barrel lengths were 4, 5, 6, and 6.5 inches with a rounded butt. Serial numbers for the Military & Police ranged from number 1 in the series to 20,975. Most of the early M&P revolvers chambered in .38 Special appear to have been sold to the civilian market. By 1904, S&W was offering the .38 M&P with rounded or square butt, and 4, 5, and 6.5-inch barrels.
The .38 S&W Military & Police Model of 1905 4th Change (introduced 1915), incorporated a passive hammer block and enlarged service sights that quickly became a standard across the service revolver segment of the industry. Heat treatment of cylinders began in 1919.
Victory Model.
The S&W Model 10 military revolvers produced from 1942 to 1944 had serial numbers with a "V" prefix, and were known as the Smith & Wesson Victory Model. It is noteworthy that early Victory Models did not always have the V prefix. During World War II over 570,000 of these pistols were supplied to the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa under the Lend-Lease program, chambered in the British .38/200 caliber already in use in the Enfield No 2 Mk I Revolver and the Webley Mk IV Revolver. Most Victory Models sent to Britain were fitted with 4" (102 mm) or 5" (127 mm) barrels, although a few early versions had 6" (150 mm) barrels. In general, most British and Commonwealth forces expressed a preference for the .38/200 Smith & Wesson over their standard Enfield revolver.
The Victory Model was also used by United States forces during World War II, being chambered in the well-known and popular .38 Special cartridge. The Victory Model was a standard-issue sidearm for US Navy and Marine aircrews, and was also used by security guards at factories and defense installations throughout the United States during the war. Some of these revolvers remained in service well into the 1990s with units of the US Armed Forces, including the Coast Guard. Some Lend-Lease Victory Model revolvers originally chambered for the British .38/200 were returned to the U.S. and rechambered to fire the more popular and more powerful .38 Special ammunition, and such revolvers are usually so marked on their barrels. Rechambering of .38-200 cylinders to .38 Special results in oversized chambers which may cause problems.
The finish on Victory Models was typically a sandblasted and parkerized finish, which is noticeably different from the higher-quality blue or nickel/chrome finishes usually found on commercial M&P/Model 10 revolvers. Other distinguishing features of the Victory Model revolver are the lanyard loop at the bottom of the grip frame, and the use of smooth (rather than checkered) walnut grip panels. However some early models did use a checkered grip, most notably the pre-1942 manufacture.
Post-World War II models.
After World War II, Smith and Wesson returned to manufacturing the M&P series. Along with cosmetic changes and replacement of the frame fitting grip with the Magna stocks, the spring-loaded hammer block safety gave way to a cam-actuated hammer block that rode in a channel in the side plate (Smith 1968). In 1957, Smith and Wesson adopted the convention of using numeric designations to distinguish their various models of handguns, and the M&P was renamed the Model 10.
The M&P/Model 10 has been available in both blued steel finish and nickel finish for most of its production run. The model has also been offered throughout the years with both the round butt and square butt (i.e. grip patterns). Beginning with the Model 10-5 series in the late 1960s, the tapered barrel and its trademark 'half moon' front sight (as shown in the illustrations on this page) were replaced by a straight bull barrel and a sloped milled ramp front sight. Late model Model 10s are capable of handling any .38 Special cartridge produced today up to and including +P+ rounds.
As of 2012 the Model 10 was available only in a 4" (102mm) barrel model. The Model 10's stainless steel (Inox) counterpart, the Smith & Wesson Model 64, is also available with only a 4" (102 mm) barrel.
.357 Magnum variations.
After a small prototype run of Model 10-6 revolvers in .357 Magnum caliber, Smith and Wesson introduced the Model 13 heavy barrel in carbon steel and then the Model 65 in stainless steel. Both revolvers featured varying barrel weights and lengths—generally three and four inches with and without underlugs (shrouds). Production dates begin in 1974 for the Model 13 and end upon discontinuation in 1999. The Model 65 was in production from 1972-1999. Both the blued and stainless models were popular with police and FBI and a variation of the Model 65 was marketed in the Lady Smith line from 1992-1999.
Use.
Many of the Model 10 revolvers were captured and used by some of the police forces, such as the Austrian Police, during the occupation after WWII. Some captured from the allies were used by the pro-Nazi Milice française militia of Vichy France during WWII. From 1942, the United States delivered the Model 10 to Kuomintang troops which were armed by Communist Liu Shaoqi during the Chinese Civil War.
The weapon is currently used by Armaguard, French cash couriers and banks, Disciplined Services of Hong Kong, Myanmar Police Force officers and other Burmese paramilitary units, Peruvian National Police and other police units.
Copies of Smith & Wesson Model 10 are produced in Israel by Israel Military Industries (IMI) as the Revolver IMI 9mm. The weapon is chambered in the 9x21 mm caliber instead of .38 Special, the original caliber. Also, Norinco of China has manufactured the NP50, which is a copy of the Smith & Wesson Model 64, since 2000.
Replacement.
The S&W Model 10 revolver was a popular weapon before the semi-automatic pistol replaced the revolver in many police departments as well as police units and armies.

</doc>
<doc id="2922405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922405" title="Eta Canis Minoris">
Eta Canis Minoris

Eta Canis Minoris (η CMi, η Canis Minoris) is a binary star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is approximately 351 light years from Earth.
The primary component, η Canis Minoris A, is a yellow-white F-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.24., Its companion, η Canis Minoris B, is an eleventh magnitude star located 4 arcseconds from the primary, though is actually around 440 AU from the main star and takes around 5000 years to orbit it.

</doc>
<doc id="2922407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922407" title="HD 66141">
HD 66141

HD 66141, also known as HR 3145 and 50 G. Canis Minoris, is the main star of a binary system in the constellation Canis Minor. It is an orange K-type giant, approximately 254 light years from Earth. Its apparent magnitude is +4.39.
When first catalogued it was in the Puppis constellation and was designated "13 Puppis", but it subsequently migrated to Canis Minor. Bode gave it the Bayer designation of Lambda Canis Minoris.
Over 2003 to 2012 a starspot was periodically dimming its light.
Planetary system.
From December 2003 to January 2012, the team B.-C. Lee, I. Han, and M.-G. Park observed "HD 66141" with "the fiber-fed Bohyunsan Observatory Echelle Spectrograph (BOES) at Bohyunsan Optical Astronomy Observatory (BOAO)".
In 2012, a long-period, wide-orbiting planet was deduced by radial velocity. This was published in November.

</doc>
<doc id="2922410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922410" title="Nandi Thimmana">
Nandi Thimmana

Nandi Thimmana () (15th and 16th centuries CE) was a Telugu poet and one of the "Astadiggajas" (literally eight elephants) in the court of the king Krishnadevaraya.
Biography.
Thimmana is believed to be from Anantapur and was born to Singanna and Thimmamaamba. He lived in a subkingdom of the Vijayanagara Empire, whose princess was Thirumaladevi. He entered Krishnadevaraya's court along with Thirumaladevi, when the king married her. 
He was a Saiva and was a disciple of Guru Aghora Siva, yet some of his works are based on Vaishanavism because of imperial patronage. His uncles Nandi Mallaya and Ganta Singana (known as Malaya Maruta) were a famous poetic pair in the court of Viranarasimha Raya, half-brother of Krishnadevaraya.
He was more popular as "Mukku Thimmana" because of his poem on a beautiful nose. Mukku means nose in Telugu.
Style.
Unlike his contemporaries like Allasani Peddana, he did not use long and complex words and used only soft and simple Telugu words. His works are also understandable to non scholars and his poetry is fondly called as "Mukka Timmana Muddu Paluku" (means Sweet words of Mukku Thimmana) in Telugu. "Parijatapaharanam" is famous for many soft romantic poems still popular in Telugu. 
He did many poetic experiments in his works. One such experiment is called "Chitra Kavita" (means magical poems). All four lines of a few poems can be read from either direction and all lines are palindromes ignoring spaces. He composed a poem that can be read from end or start, where all four lines together form a palindrome. He also composed a poem with only two letters ('na' and 'ma'). He also presented "Garbha Kavita" (means hidden poems) in a few poems, where an entire poem will have two different meanings.
sai
Sample poetry.
The following is the beautiful poem he has written on the nose. That is why he is well known as Mukku Timmana
లా న న్నొల్లదటంచు, గంధఫలి బల్కాకం తపంబంది యో
పూనెం బ్రేక్షణమాలికామధుకరీ పుంజంబునిర్వంకలన్

</doc>
<doc id="2922418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922418" title="1 Canis Minoris">
1 Canis Minoris

1 Canis Minoris is a star in the constellation Canis Minor.
1 Canis Minoris is a white A-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +5.37. It is approximately 317 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922426" title="6 Canis Minoris">
6 Canis Minoris

6 Canis Minoris is a star in the constellation Canis Minor.
6 Canis Minoris is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.55. It is approximately 560 light years from Earth. It has four times the mass of the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="2922428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922428" title="Maud Independent School District">
Maud Independent School District

Maud Independent School District is a small school district located in Maud, Texas (USA). At the beginning of the 2005-2006 school year it had an enrollment of 471 students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve. On October 7, 2005, the district celebrated its 100 year anniversary. There are 72 employees.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="2922430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922430" title="Flow-through entity">
Flow-through entity

A flow-through entity (FTE) is a legal entity where income "flows through" to investors or owners; that is, the income of the entity is treated as the income of the investors or owners. Flow-through entities are also known as pass-through entities or fiscally-transparent entities. Depending on the local tax regulations, this structure can avoid dividend tax and double taxation because only owners or investors are taxed on the revenue. Technically, for tax purposes, flow-through entities are considered "non-entities" because they are not taxed; rather, taxation "flows-through" to another tax return.
Common types of FTEs are general partnerships, limited partnerships and limited liability partnerships. In the United States, additional types of FTE include S corporations, income trusts and limited liability companies.
Most countries require an FTE (or its owners) to file an annual return reporting the shares of income allocated to owners, and to provide each owner with a statement of allocated income to enable owners to report their shares of income on their own tax returns. In the United States, the statement of allocated income is known as form K-1 (or Schedule K-1).

</doc>
<doc id="2922439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922439" title="11 Canis Minoris">
11 Canis Minoris

11 Canis Minoris is a variable star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is a white A-type main sequence dwarf with an average apparent magnitude of +5.25 and lies approximately 312 light years from Earth.
References.
11 Canis Minoris in SIMBAD

</doc>
<doc id="2922441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922441" title="Thomas A. Scott">
Thomas A. Scott

Thomas Alexander Scott (December 28, 1823 – May 21, 1881) was an American businessperson, railroad executive, and an early robber baron industrialist. 
He was the fourth president of the Pennsylvania Railroad (1874-1880), later the largest publicly traded corporation in the world. He became the U.S. Assistant Secretary of War in 1861, during the American Civil War. To further his railroad investments, he had a leading role in creating what became the Compromise of 1877, which marked the end to the federal interventions and civil rights efforts of the Reconstruction Era in the South.
History.
Scott was born in 1823 in Peters Township near Fort Loudoun, in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. 
Railroads.
Scott joined the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1850 as a station agent, and by 1858 was general superintendent. Scott took a special interest in mentoring aspiring railroad employees.
It was during this time, and under the supervision of Scott, that young Andrew Carnegie began working for the Pennsylvania Railroad. Scott taught him the basics of railroading, investment, and management, that had an impact on his later business successes. Their association continued through the Civil War and awhile after, until Carnegie turned his full attention to the iron and steel industry. 
Executive management.
The 1846 charter issued by the state of Pennsylvania to the Pennsylvania Railroad was an effort to diffuse power within the company, by giving executive authority to a committee responsible to stockholders, and not individuals. By the 1870s however, power had been centralized in the hands of the officers directed by J. Edgar Thomson and Scott.
Historians have explained the successful partnership of Thomas Scott and J. Edgar Thomson by the melding of their opposite personality traits: Thomson was the engineer, cool, deliberate, and introverted; Scott was the financier, daring, versatile, and a publicity-seeker. In addition, there were their common experiences and values, agreement on the importance of financial success, the financial stability of the Pennsylvania Railroad throughout their partnership, and J. Edgar Thomson's paternalism. J. Edgar Thomson was the President of the Pennsylvania Railroad from 1852 until his death in 1874.
In 1860, Scott became the first Vice President of the Pennsylvania Railroad. From 1871 to 1872, he was briefly the president of the Union Pacific Railroad, then the first transcontinental railroad owner. He was the president of the Pennsylvania Railroad from 1874, upon the death of his partner Thomson, until 1880. The Pennsylvania Railroad expanded from a company of railway lines within Pennsylvania through the 1840s and 1850s, to a transportation empire from the 1860s onwards.
Scott was notoriously secretive about his business dealings, conducting most of his business in private letters, and instructing his business partners to destroy them after they were read.
After the Civil War, Scott was heavily involved in investments in the fast-growing trans-Mississippi River route into Texas, with long-term plans for a southern transcontinental railway line connecting the Southern states and California. However, the 1872 Crédit Mobilier scandal made Congress unwilling to grant railroad companies land grants in the west. The financial Panic of 1873 and subsequent economic depression added obstacles to Scott’s southern transcontinental railroad plans, which he never overcame. 
Civil War.
At the outbreak of the American Civil War, Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin called on Scott for his extensive knowledge of the rail and transportation systems of the state. Scott received a staff commission as a colonel, and in August 1861, President Abraham Lincoln appointed Scott as Assistant Secretary of War. The next year, he helped organize the Loyal War Governors' Conference in Altoona, Pennsylvania. 
Later on, Scott took on the task of equipping a substantial military force for the Union war effort. He assumed supervision of government railroads and other transportation lines, and made the movement of supplies and troops more efficient and effective for the war effort on behalf of the Union. In one instance, he engineered the movement of 25,000 troops in 24 hours from Nashville to Chattanooga, turning the tide of battle once more to a Union victory. 
Scott also recommended President Lincoln travel covertly by rail to avoid Confederate spies and assassins.
Reconstruction era.
During the American Reconstruction in the aftermath of the Civil War, the Southern states needed their economy and infrastructure restored, and the Northern based railroads competed to acquire routes and construct rail lines in the South. Federal assistance was sought by both special interest groups, but the Crédit Mobilier of America scandal made this difficult in 1872. Congress became unwilling to grant railroad companies land grants in the Southwestern United States.
Scott made a proposal that came to be called the "Scott Plan" by which largely Democratic Southern politicians would give their votes in Congress and state legislatures for federal government subsidies to various infrastructure improvements, including in particular the Texas and Pacific Railway, a scheme headed by Scott. Scott employed the expertise of Grenville Dodge in buying the support of newspaper editors as well as various politicians in order to build public support for the subsidies. 
Compromise of 1877.
The Scott Plan became a basis for the Compromise of 1877, an informal and unwritten deal which removed federal troops out of state politics in several Southern states and ended the Reconstruction Era. The compromise's back-stepping on the new post-war civil rights had terrible impacts for African Americans living in the South and other regions. African American historians sometimes call it "The Great Betrayal." 
Great Railroad Strike of 1877.
Despite Scott’s best efforts to make the company more efficient, Pennsylvania Railroad continued to lose money through the 1870s. Cost reduction and pay cuts initiated by him resulted in the Pittsburgh railroad riots, location of the worst violence in the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. Scott, often considered one of the first robber barons, suggested that the strikers should be given "a rifle diet for a few days and see how they like that kind of bread." 
Legacy.
Scott suffered a stroke in 1878, which hindered his ability to work. He had already lost his crucial partner, J. Edgar Thomson, in 1874.
Thomas A. Scott died on 21 May 1881. He is buried at Woodlands Cemetery in Philadelphia. 
University of Pennsylvania Endowments.
Scott and his widow made a variety of endowments in his name at the University of Pennsylvania, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="2922444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922444" title="14 Canis Minoris">
14 Canis Minoris

14 Canis Minoris, also known as HD 65345, is a star in the constellation Canis Minor. It is approximately 265 light years from Earth.
14 Canis Minoris is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.30.
SIMBAD query

</doc>
<doc id="2922453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922453" title="Charlotte Maria Tucker">
Charlotte Maria Tucker

Charlotte Maria Tucker (8 May 1821 – 2 December 1893) was a prolific writer and poet for children and adults, who wrote under the pseudonym A.L.O.E. (a Lady of England)
Early life.
Charlotte Tucker was born at Friern Hatch near Friern Barnet, Middlesex, the daughter of Henry St George Tucker (1771/2–1851), twice elected chairman of the British East India Company, and his wife Jane Boswell (died 1869), the daughter of an Edinburgh writer to the signet. The family moved to London in 1822. Her father was the author of "Tragedies: ‘Harold’ and ‘Camoens’" (London, 1835).
Charlotte had a secular upbringing, and her first writings were poems and plays to amuse the family. In 1847, she took charge of the education of her brother Robert's three children. Her earliest book "The Claremont Tales" (1852) was, she said, "originally composed for young children under my charge."
Moral tales.
The work of Charlotte Tucker as a children's writer was imbued with her Evangelical religious beliefs. Most of her stories were allegories with a clear moral, but she leavened her didacticism with a degree of realism and naturalism. As she explained in an 1851 letter to a publisher, "My position in life renders me independent of any exertions of my own; I pray but for God's blessing upon my attempts to instruct His lambs in the things which concern their everlasting welfare."
Many of her 150 or more titles appeared in magazines before being collected into books. Among her many titles were "The Rambles of a Rat", "Parliament in the Play-Room" (1863), "Triumph over Midian" (1866), "A Wreath of Smoke" (1871) and "Pomegranates from the Punjab" (1878). A biography by a fellow children's writer, Agnes Giberne, appeared in 1895.
The proceeds from her writings she often devoted to missionary or charity work. Tucker's contemporaries criticized the strong didacticism in her writing, but her creed was concerned not with original sin but with the chance of improvement for all people and races. Her realistic portrayals of the poor may have drawn on her experience as a workhouse visitor in Marylebone. Titles of hers are still occasionally reissued by publishers specializing in Christian books.
Missionary work.
Many of Tucker's most interesting stories are set in India. Some were translated into Indian languages. She set out for India in 1875, at the age of 54, having taught herself Hindustani. There she worked as a self-supporting volunteer missionary to Amritsar, Punjab, through the Indian Female Normal School and Instruction Society. Three years later she moved to nearby Batala, where she worked in a boys' school and as a teacher of Christian beliefs to native women. She died in Amritsar on 2 December 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="2922454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922454" title="Josh Bongard">
Josh Bongard

Josh Bongard is a professor at the University of Vermont and a 2010 PECASE awardee. He received his Bachelors degree in Computer Science from McMaster University, Canada, his Masters degree from the University of Sussex, UK, and his PhD from the University of Zurich, Switzerland. He served as a postdoctoral associate under Hod Lipson in the Computational Synthesis Laboratory at Cornell University from 2003 to 2006.
He is the co-author of the popular science book entitled "How the Body Shapes the Way We Think: A New View of Intelligence", MIT Press, November 2006. (With Rolf Pfeifer) ISBN 0-262-16239-3. He is also the co-author of "Designing Intelligence: Why Brains Aren't Enough" (with Rolf Pfeifer and Don Berry) ISBN 978-3-640-81221-9.
In 2007, he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
Selected publications.
Bongard J. (2011) Morphological change in machines accelerates the evolution of robust behavior. "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", .
Bongard J. and Lipson H.(2007) Automated reverse engineering of nonlinear dynamical systems. "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", 104(24): 9943-9948.
Bongard, J., Zykov, V., Lipson, H. (2006) Resilient machines through continuous self-modeling. "Science", 314: 1118-1121.
Bongard J. and Lipson H. (2005) Active Coevolutionary Learning of Deterministic Finite Automata, "Journal of Machine Learning Research", 6(Oct): 1651-1678.
Bongard J. and Lipson H. (2005) Nonlinear system identification using coevolution of models and tests, "IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation", 9(4): 361-384.
Pfeifer, R., F. Iida and J. Bongard (2005) New Robotics: Design Principles for Intelligent Systems, "Artificial Life, Special Issue on New Robotics, Evolution and Embodied Cognition", 11(1-2): 99-120.

</doc>
<doc id="2922456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922456" title="El Diablo">
El Diablo

El Diablo is Spanish for "the Devil". It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922459" title="Södra länken">
Södra länken

Södra länken ("The southern link"), National road 75 ("Riksväg 75"), is a motorway in Sweden connecting Essingeleden (E4, E20), Stockholm with Värmdöleden (county road 222), Nacka. Södra länken is 6 km in length, of which 4.7 km is in tunnels. This makes it the second longest urban motorway tunnel in Europe after Madrid M30 orbital motorway. The tunnel is 4 lanes wide each way at its widest point (total 8 lanes). The road has the designation national road 75 ("Riksväg 75").
The construction of Södra länken began in 1997, and was inaugurated on October 24, 2004. The total cost was about 7.9 billion SEK (around 800-900 million USD at the 2003-2004 exchange rate). The link was built primarily to decrease traffic in the centre of Stockholm. Given the high construction costs and the possibility that overall traffic volumes might increase, it was one of the greatest subjects of debate during the 1990s and early 2000s in the Swedish capital. It was financed mainly with governmental money and is not a toll road. The reason for building it in a tunnel almost all the way is a law from the 1990s which more or less forbids construction of a new motorway (or similar road) near residential areas inside cities, for noise and pollution reasons.
Södra länken is part of the planned Stockholm ring road, with Södra länken being the southern section of it.

</doc>
<doc id="2922470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922470" title="Kellie Shanygne Williams">
Kellie Shanygne Williams

Kellie Shanygne Williams (born March 22, 1976 in Washington, D.C.) is an American actress, (now known as Kellie Shanygne Jackson). She is best known for her role as Laura Winslow, the middle child of Carl and Harriette Winslow on the ABC/CBS television series "Family Matters "which ran from 1989-1998. Her middle name is pronounced Sha-neen.
Biography.
Williams was born in Washington, D.C. After "Family Matters", she began acting in the ABC television show "What About Joan". Williams was on the Style Network program "Clean House" for six episodes in 2009, as a substitute host for Niecy Nash.
Personal life.
In 2006, Williams created the Kellie Williams Program in the Washington D.C. area. The program will provide Washington, DC students between the ages of 14-20 an opportunity to produce a television show to air on Comcast Cable Local On-Demand. She stated, "I wanted to create a program similar to the one I grew up with (Howard University Children's Theatre). I wanted to bring it to the masses, not to just people who were familiar with the arts but to people who had never experienced any art". She has a younger sister and brother named Marti and Donte, respectively. Williams married Hannibal Jackson on September 5, 2009. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2922475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922475" title="Stretton Baskerville">
Stretton Baskerville

Stretton Baskerville is a deserted medieval village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire.
It shares a parish council with the nearby parish of Burton Hastings.
Stretton means "settlement on a Roman Road" (from the Old English stræt and tun). In this case the road is Watling Street.

</doc>
<doc id="2922477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922477" title="Luminism (Impressionism)">
Luminism (Impressionism)

Luminism is a late-impressionist or neo-impressionist style in painting which devotes great attention to light effects.
The term has been used for the style of the Belgian painters such as Emile Claus and Théo van Rysselberghe and their followers (Adrien-Joseph Heymans, Anna Boch, Évariste Carpentier, Guillaume Van Strydonck , Leon De Smet, Jenny Montigny, Anna De Weert, Georges Morren, Modest Huys, Georges Buysse, Marcel Jefferys , Yvonne Serruys and Juliette Wystman , as well as for the early pointillist work of the Dutch painters Jan Toorop, Leo Gestel, Jan Sluijters, and Piet Mondriaan. 
Both styles have little in common. Emile Claus's work is still close to that of the great French impressionists, especially Claude Monet, whereas Dutch luminism, characterized by the use of large color patches, is closer to fauvism.

</doc>
<doc id="2922480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922480" title="Jim Landis">
Jim Landis

James Henry Landis (born March 9, 1934 in Fresno, California) is a former American professional baseball player. He was a Major League Baseball (MLB) center fielder who played on six teams for 11 seasons, from 1957 through 1967. Landis also was an All-Star player who won five consecutive American League Gold Glove Awards, and is considered to be one of the best defensive center fielders in major league baseball history.
Biography.
Landis attended Richmond High School (Richmond, California) where he was a star third baseman and Contra Costa College in San Pablo, California. He was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent in 1952. In 1954 and 1955, he served in the U.S. Army and was stationed in Alaska.
Major League Baseball.
Landis played for eight seasons on the Chicago White Sox beginning in 1957. During the 1959 Chicago White Sox season when the Go-Go White Sox won the American League Pennant, he hit .272 with 26 doubles. He led the American League with 13 sacrifice hits, 426 and 420 putouts as a center fielder and an outfielder, and hit.292 during the 1959 World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
In 1960, he hit .253 and had 23 stolen bases. In 1961, he hit .283 with 22 home runs, 8 triples, and 85 RBIs. In 1962, he was an American League All-Star player. He won five American League Gold Glove Awards for center field, from 1960 through 1964. In 1963, Landis led the American League with a .993 fielding average both as a center fielder and an outfielder.
On January 20, 1965, Landis was traded to Kansas City Athletics where he played for one year. In 1966, he played on the Cleveland Indians. He played on three teams in 1967: The Houston Astros, Detroit Tigers, and the Boston Red Sox.
Post Major League career.
Landis went into the safety sign business for several years and was a coach for Babe Ruth League baseball. He makes his home in Napa, California with his wife Sandy (nee Foster).)
Chicago White Sox All-Century Team.
On September 30, 2000, it was announced by the Chicago White Sox that Jim Landis and 26 other former and active White Sox players were members of the Chicago White Sox All-Century Team.

</doc>
<doc id="2922485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922485" title="Luminism (American art style)">
Luminism (American art style)

Luminism is an American landscape painting style of the 1850s – 1870s, characterized by effects of light in landscapes, through using aerial perspective, and concealing visible brushstrokes. Luminist landscapes emphasize tranquillity, and often depict calm, reflective water and a soft, hazy sky. 
The term "luminism" was introduced by mid-20th-century art historians to describe a 19th-century American painting style that developed as an offshoot of the Hudson River school. The artists who painted in this style did not refer to their own work as "luminism", nor did they articulate any common painting philosophy outside of the guiding principles of the Hudson River school. Many art historians find the term 'luminism' problematic. J. Gray Sweeney argues that “the origins of luminism as an art-historical term were deeply entwined with the interests of elite collectors, prominent art dealers, influential curators, art historians, and constructions of national identity during the Cold War.” Building on Sweeney's work, Alan Wallach has called for a wholesale rethinking of 'luminism' as a historical phenomenon.
Luminism shares an emphasis on the effects of light with impressionism. However, the two styles are markedly different. Luminism is characterized by attention to detail and the hiding of brushstrokes, while impressionism is characterized by lack of detail and an emphasis on brushstrokes. Luminism preceded impressionism, and the artists who painted in a luminist style were in no way influenced by impressionism.

</doc>
<doc id="2922491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922491" title="Larnaca International Airport">
Larnaca International Airport

Larnaca International Airport (; ) is an international airport located southwest of Larnaca, Cyprus. Larnaca International Airport is Cyprus' main international gateway and the larger of the country's two commercial airports, the other being Paphos International Airport on the island's southwestern coast. The airport has one primary passenger terminal. Departures are accommodated on the upper level, while arrivals at the ground level. A second "VIP terminal" also exists, which is used for visiting Heads of State, some private aviation, and for cargo.
The airport utilises a single large apron for all passenger aircraft. There are 16 jetways (boarding bridges), connecting the main terminal with aircraft, while there is a provision for utilization of shuttle buses to convey passengers during hours of extreme traffic. Infrastructure also features a large engineering hangar, a cargo terminal, and separate facilities for fuelling and provisioning light aircraft. There is a second, smaller apron where cargo aircraft and private aircraft are often parked. There are also spaces for smaller aircraft for flying schools and privately owned aircraft separate from the main two aprons.
History.
Larnaca Airport was hastily developed towards the end of 1974 after the invasion of Cyprus by Turkey on 20 July of the same year, which forced the closure of Nicosia International Airport. The site on which it was built (near the Larnaca Salt Lake), had been previously used as an airfield in the 1930s and, subsequently, as a military installation by the British forces. Larnaca International opened on 8 February 1975, with only limited infrastructure facilities and a prefabricated set of buildings comprising separate halls for departures and arrivals. The first airlines to use the "new" airport were Cyprus Airways using Viscount 800s leased from British Midland and Olympic Airways using NAMC YS-11s. Initially, the runway at Larnaca International was too short for jet aircraft.
Nowadays, Larnaca Airport is used as a hub by passengers travelling between Europe and the Middle East. The status of Cyprus as a major tourist destination means that air traffic has steadily risen to over 5 million passengers a year. This is double the capacity the airport was first designed for. For this reason, a tender was put out in 1998 to develop the airport further and increase its capacity "(see below)". Already completed elements of the expansion include a new control tower, fire station, runway extension, and additional administrative offices. The surrounding road network was improved by upgrading the B4 road and by completing the A3 Motorway.
A new Junction has been constructed near the new terminal. The new terminal was built some west of the old terminal, adjacent to the new control tower, with new aprons and jetways. The old terminal building is slated to be partially demolished and refurbished as a cargo centre, and is currently used as a private terminal for visiting heads of state, VIPs, and private aircraft operators.
The concept architectural design of the passenger terminal was developed by French architects at Aéroports de Paris (ADP) with Sofréavia in France. Detail and Tender design was completed in Cyprus by 1998, with local architectural office Forum Architects and a large engineering team under the coordination of ADP. The design was later used as a base for the BOT projects of both Larnaca and Pafos International Airports though significant changes were made mainly on "value engineering" grounds. A large amount of controversy spurred by the local media surrounded the granting of the contract when it was put out to tender. A consortium led by BAA and Joannou & Paraskevaides (J&P) construction quickly pulled out when it did not receive assurances from the government of Cyprus that it would receive financial compensation in the event that direct flights were allowed between the Turkish occupied north of the island and the rest of the world. The contract was eventually hastily granted to the next best bidder, the French led 'Hermes' Consortium. This too, was not free of controversy, causing legal challenges by BAA and J&P, and adding further delays to a much needed project.
New terminal.
A€650m upgrade of the Larnaca and Paphos airports has been completed. The international tender was won by Hermes Airports, a French-led group. The consortium is made up of Bouygues Batiment International (22%) Egis Projects (20%), the Cyprus Trading Corporation (a local retail group-10%), Iacovou Brothers (a local contractor-10%), Hellenic Mining (10%), Vancouver Airport Services (10%), Ireland's Dublin Airport Authority (Aer Rianta International) (10%), Charilaos Apostolides (a local construction company-5%) and Nice Côte d'Azur Airport (3%). Hermes Airports built new passenger terminals and plans to extend the runways at both airports under a 25-year concession.
A new terminal building opened on 7 November 2009. It has 16 jetways (boarding bridges), 67 check in counters, 8 self check-in kiosks, 48 departure gates, 2,450 parking spots. The new terminal can handle 7.5 million passengers per year.
The second phase, to be completed in 2013, provides for the expansion of the new terminal to handle 9 million passengers a year, and for a runway extension. The design of the new terminal includes 16 boarding bridges
Disabled facilities.
Larnaca Airport is well equipped for people with special needs or with reduced mobility. Larnaca Airport's special facilities include disabled toilets, lifts, wheelchairs, micro-lifts, as well as car parking spaces. Parking spaces for people with limited mobility are located in front of P1 (short term Larnaca Airport parking zone). The first 20minutes are free of charge, after which drivers are charged at standard parking rates. To have 20 minutes free parking, drivers should go to the Parking office at the front of the Terminal building prior to leaving Larnaca Airport and show their Disability Badge to get their car park ticket validated.
Ground transport.
The airport can be reached by car, taxi and public transport system. There is a shuttle bus system from/to both Limassol and Nicosia. Some hotels offer shuttle services from the airport to their establishment. Taxis are available 24 hours a day from outside the main entrance of Larnaca International Airport (LCA) and are mainly private operators providing services to Larnaca town and popular beachfront hotels. Fares are displayed on a board in the Arrivals Hall. There are no limousine companies operating from Larnaca International Airport. However, companies offering such services may be available from Larnaca town. Visitors requiring a limousine are advised to make the necessary enquiries ahead of their arrival at the airport.
Public transport.
Public transport buses are available from bus stops outside the airport to various locations in Larnaca where one may change bus routes to other destinations in the island. There are also direct intercity buses serving the airport linking other towns and cities with Larnaca airport. Information regarding these is available at Cyprus Bus Timetables.

</doc>
<doc id="2922492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922492" title="Ponte Sant'Angelo">
Ponte Sant'Angelo

Ponte Sant'Angelo, once the Aelian Bridge or Pons Aelius, meaning the "Bridge of Hadrian", is a Roman bridge in Rome, Italy, completed in 134 AD by Roman Emperor Hadrian, to span the Tiber, from the city center to his newly constructed mausoleum, now the towering Castel Sant'Angelo. The bridge is faced with travertine marble and spans the Tiber with three arches; it was approached by means of ramp from the river. The bridge is now solely pedestrian, and provides a photogenic vista of the Castel Sant'Angelo. It links the rioni of Ponte (which was named after the bridge itself), and Borgo.
History.
In times past, pilgrims used this bridge to reach St Peter's Basilica, hence it was known also with the name of "bridge of Saint Peter" ("pons Sancti Petri"). In the seventh century, under Pope Gregory I, both the castle and the bridge took on the name "Sant'Angelo", explained by a legend that an angel appeared on the roof of the castle to announce the end of the plague. During the 1450 jubilee, balustrades of the bridge yielded, due to the great crowds of the pilgrims, and many drowned in the river. In response, some houses at the head of the bridge as well as a Roman triumphal arch were pulled down in order to widen the route for pilgrims. 
For centuries after the 16th century, the bridge was used to expose the bodies of the executed. In 1535, Pope Clement VII allocated the toll income of the bridge to erecting the statues of the apostles saint Peter and Saint Paul to which subsequently the four evangelists and the patriarchs were added to other representing statues Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Moses. In 1669 Pope Clement IX commissioned replacements for the aging stucco angels by Raffaello da Montelupo, commissioned by Paul III. Bernini's program, one of his last large projects, called for ten angels holding instruments of the Passion: he personally only finished the two originals of the Angels with the Superscription "I.N.R.I." and with the Crown of Thorns, but these were kept by Clement IX for his own pleasure. They are now in the church of Sant'Andrea delle Fratte, also in Rome.
List of angels.
Of the statues on bridge prior to Bernini's update, only those of the two apostles, Saint Peter and Paul, remain.

</doc>
<doc id="2922502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922502" title="Chlorobium">
Chlorobium

Chlorobium (also known as "Chlorochromatium") is a genus of green sulfur bacteria. They are photolithotrophic oxidizers of sulfur and most notably utilise a noncyclic electron transport chain to reduce NAD+. Hydrogen sulfide is used as an electron source and carbon dioxide its carbon source.
"Chlorobium" species exhibit a dark green color; in a Winogradsky column, the green layer often observed is composed of "Chlorobium". This genus lives in strictly anaerobic conditions below the surface of a body of water, commonly the anaerobic zone of a eutrophic lake.
"Chlorobium aggregatum" is a species which exists in a symbiotic relationship with a colorless, nonphotosynthetic bacteria. This species looks like a bundle of green bacteria, attached to a central rod-like cell which can move around with a flagellum. The green, outer bacteria use light to oxidize sulfide into sulfate. The inner cell, which is not able to perform photosynthesis, reduces the sulfate into sulfide. These bacteria divide in unison, giving the structure a multicellular appearance which is highly unusual in bacteria.
"Chlorobium" species are thought to have played an important part in mass extinction events on Earth. If the oceans turn anoxic (due to the shutdown of ocean circulation) then "Chlorobium" would be able to out compete other photosynthetic life. They would produce huge quantities of methane and hydrogen sulfide which would cause global warming and acid rain. This would have huge consequences for other oceanic organisms and also for terrestrial organisms. Evidence for abundant "Chlorobium" populations is provided by chemical fossils found in sediments deposited at the Cretaceous mass extinction.
The complete "C. tepidum" genome, which consists of 2.15 megabases (Mb), was sequenced and published in 2002. It synthesizes chlorophyll "a" and bacteriochlorophylls (BChls) "a" and "c", of which the model organism has been used to elucidate the biosynthesis of BChl "c". Several of its carotenoid metabolic pathways (including a novel lycopene cyclase) have similar counterparts in cyanobacteria.
Molecular signatures for "Chlorobi".
Comparative genomic analysis has led to the identification of 2 conserved signature indels which are uniquely found in members of the phylum "Chlorobi" and are thus characteristic of the phylum. The first indel is a 28-amino-acid insertion in DNA polymerase III and the second is a 12 to 14 amino acid insertion in alanyl-tRNA synthetase. These indels are not found in any other bacteria and thus serve as molecular markers for the phylum. In addition to the conserved signature indels, 51 proteins which are uniquely found in members of the phylum "Chlorobi". 65 other proteins have been identified which are unique to the "Chlorobi" phylum, however these proteins are missing in several "Chlorobi" species and are not distributed throughout the phylum with any clear pattern. This means that significant gene loss may have occurred, or the presence of these proteins may be a result of horizontal gene transfer. Of these 65 proteins, 8 are found only in "Chlorobium luteolum" and "Chlorobium phaeovibrioides". These two species form a strongly supported clade in phylogenetic trees and a close relationship between these species is further supported by the unique sharing of these 8 proteins.
Relatedness of "Chlorobi" to "Bacteroidetes" and "Fibrobacteres" phyla.
Species from the "Bacteroidetes" and "Chlorobi" phyla branch very closely together in phylogenetic trees, indicating a close relationship. Through the use of comparative genomic analysis, 3 proteins have been identified which are uniquely shared by virtually all members of the "Bacteroidetes" and "Chlorobi" phyla. The sharing of these 3 proteins is significant because other than these 3 proteins, no proteins from either the" Bacteroidetes" or "Chlorobi" phyla are shared by any other groups of bacteria. Several conserved signature indels have also been identified which are uniquely shared by members of the "Bacteroidetes" and "Chlorobi" phyla. The presence of these molecular signatures supports the close relationship of the "Bacteroidetes" and "Chlorobi" phyla. Additionally, the phylum "Fibrobacteres" is indicated to be specifically related to these two phyla. A clade consisting of these three phyla is strongly supported by phylogenetic analyses based upon a number of different proteins These phyla also branch in the same position based upon conserved signature indels in a number of important proteins. Lastly and most importantly, two conserved signature indels (in the RpoC protein and in serine hydroxymethyltransferase) and one signature protein PG00081 have been identified that are uniquely shared by all of the species from these three phyla. All of these results provide compelling evidence that the species from these three phyla shared a common ancestor exclusive of all other bacteria and it has been proposed that they should all recognized as part of a single “FCB”superphylum.

</doc>
<doc id="2922503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922503" title="GCR Class 11F">
GCR Class 11F

The Great Central Railway Class 11F or Improved Director Class is a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotive designed by John G. Robinson for passenger work. The LNER classified them as Class D11 from 1923. They were based on the earlier GCR Class 11E "Director" class (LNER D10).
There were two subclasses: D11/1 were the original GCR engines and D11/2 were those built in 1924 by the LNER to a reduced loading gauge with smaller boiler mountings for hauling passenger trains in Scotland.
Operational career.
The 11F Class was initially used on passenger work on the GCR system, including fast expresses from Sheffield Victoria to London Marylebone. Later in their careers, they were used on short distance passenger trains. On lines of the Cheshire Lines Committee during the late 1940s and early 1950s, they hauled expresses between Manchester Central and Liverpool Central; also semi-fast trains from Manchester Central via Northwich to Chester Northgate.
Their 6 ft 9 inches driving wheels made them fast locos, but consequently unsuitable for hauling freight trains. The eleven original 11F locos were withdrawn during 1959 and 1960 as diesel multiple units took over operation of the shorter distance passenger trains.
Preservation.
The first member of the GCR Class 11F, No. 506 "Butler-Henderson", was withdrawn from use by British Railways during 1960. It has been preserved as part of the UK National Collection and currently wears restored GCR colours. No. 506 is the only surviving GCR passenger locomotive.
The locomotive operated passenger trains on the preserved Great Central Railway in Leicestershire during the late 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s but is now out of running order and is a static exhibit. The locomotive was placed on long term loan for display at Barrow Hill Engine Shed, near Chesterfield, in 2005. As of early 2014, No. 506 "Butler-Henderson" was still on display at Barrowhill Roundhouse, next to British Railways (formerly LNER) Class A2 No. 60532 "Blue Peter". According to the Great Central Railway Plc, it is to be exhibited at the proposed Leicester Museum (NRM Endorsed) along with LNER class V2 "Green Arrow".

</doc>
