<doc id="2888901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888901" title="Vlachs of Serbia">
Vlachs of Serbia

The Vlachs (endonym: "Rumâni", ) are an ethnic minority in eastern Serbia, culturally and linguistically related to Romanians. They mostly live in the Timočka Krajina region (roughly corresponding to the districts of Bor and Zaječar), but also in Braničevo and Pomoravlje districts. A small Vlach population also exists in Smederevo and Velika Plana (Podunavlje District), and in the municipalities of Aleksinac and Kruševac (Rasina District).
Legal status.
The ethnonym is "Rumâni" and the community "Rumâni din Sârbie", translated into English as "Romanians from Serbia". They also known as "Valahii din Serbia". The Romanians in Serbia call their community "Românii din Serbia". Although ethnographically and linguistically related to the Romanians, within the Vlach community there are divergences on whether or not they belong to the Romanian nation and whether or not their minority should be amalgamated with the Romanian minority in Vojvodina.
In a Romanian-Yugoslav agreement of November 4, 2002, the Yugoslav authorities agreed to recognize the Romanian identity of the Vlach population in Central Serbia, but the agreement was not implemented. In April 2005, 23 deputies from the Council of Europe, representatives from Hungary, Georgia, Lithuania, Romania, Moldova, Estonia, Armenia, Azerbaïdjan, Denmark and Bulgaria protested against Serbia's treatment of this population.
The Senate of Romania postponed the ratification of Serbia`s candidature for membership in the European Union until the legal status and minority right of the Romanian (Vlach) population in Serbia is clarified.
Predrag Balašević, president of the Vlach party of Serbia, accused the government of assimilation by using the national Vlach organization against the interests of this minority in Serbia.
Since 2010, the Vlach National Council of Serbia has been led by members of leading Serbian parties (Democrat Party and Socialist Party), most of whom are ethnic Serbs having no relation to the Vlach/Romanian minority. Radiša Dragojević, the current president of Vlach National Council of Serbia, who is not a Vlach, but an ethnic Serb, stated that no one has the right to ask the Vlach minority in Serbia to identify themselves as Romanian or veto anything, firstly because there already is a recognized Romanian minority within Serbia, and because Vlach people in Serbia do not feel discriminated or underprivileged. He also said that Vlachs regard Serbia as their true homeland.
As a response to mister Dragojević`s statement, the cultural organizations "Ariadnae Filum", "Društvo za kulturu Vlaha - Rumuna Srbije", "Društvo Rumuna - Vlaha „Trajan“", "Društvo za kulturu, jezik i religiju Vlaha - Rumuna Pomoravlja", "Udruženje za tradiciju i kulturu Vlaha „Dunav“", "Centar za ruralni razvoj - Vlaška kulturna inicijativa Srbija" and the Vlach Party of Serbia protested and stated that it was false.
On 1 March 2012, Romania and Serbia signed an agreement concerning the Vlach population in Serbia. According to the agreement, members of the Vlach community can declare themselves to be Romanians, and those who do so can have access to education, media and religion in their language.
Origins.
Following Roman withdrawal from the province of Dacia at the end of the 3rd century, the name of the Roman region was changed to Dacia Aureliana, (later Dacia Ripensis); it extended over most of what is now Serbia and Bulgaria, and an undetermined number of Romanized Dacians (Carpi) were settled there. A strong Roman presence persisted in the region through the end of Justinian's I reign in the 6th century.
The region where Romanians, also known as Vlachs, predominantly lived was later part of the Second Bulgarian Empire, whose first rulers, the Asens, are considered to have been Vlachs. King Stephen Uroš II Milutin of Serbia ruled most of Timok after he conquered the land of a rival king, Stephen Dragutin. Chroniclers of the crusaders describe encountering Vlachs in the 12th and 13th century in various parts of modern Serbia. Serbian documents from the 13th and 14th century mention Vlachs, including a prohibition of intermarriage between Serbs and Vlachs by Emperor Dušan the Mighty. Romanian (Wallachian) rulers built churches in northeastern Serbia in the 14th and 15th centuries. Turkish tax records ("defters") from the 15th century list Vlachs in the region of Branicevo in northeastern Serbia, near the ancient Roman "municipium" and "colonia" of Viminacium.
Starting in the early 18th century northeastern Serbia was settled by Romanians (then known by their international exonym as Vlachs) from Banat, parts of Transylvania, and Oltenia (Lesser Walachia). These are the Ungureni ("Ungurjani"), Munteni ("Munćani") and Bufeni ("Bufani"). Today, about three quarters of the Vlach population speak the Ungurean subdialect. In the 19th century other groups of Romanians originating in Oltenia (Lesser Wallachia) also settled south of the Danube. These are the Ţărani (Carani), who form some 25% of the modern population. Their very name Ţărani indicates their origin in Ţara Româneasca, i.e., "The Romanian Land," Wallachia and Oltenia. From the 15th through the 18th centuries large numbers of Serbs also migrated across the Danube, but in the opposite direction, to both Banat and Ţara Româneasca. Significant migration ended with the establishment of the kingdoms of Serbia and Romania in the second half of the 19th century.
The lack of detailed census records and the linguistic influence of the Ungureni and Ţărani on the entire Vlach population make it difficult to determine what fraction of the present Vlachs can trace their origins directly to the ancient south-of-the-Danube Vlachs. The Vlachs of northeastern Serbia form a contiguous linguistic, cultural and historic group with the Vlachs in the region of Vidin in Bulgaria as well as the Romanians of Banat and Oltenia (Lesser Wallachia).
Some authors consider that the majority of Vlachs/Romanians in Timocka Krajina are descendants of Romanians that migrated from Hungary in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Culture.
Language.
The language spoken by the Vlachs consists of two distinct Romanian subdialects spoken in regions neighboring Romania: one major group of Vlachs speaks the subdialect spoken in Mehedinţi County in western Oltenia, while the other major group speaks a subdialect similar to the Romanian subdialect spoken in the neighboring region of Banat.
The Romanian language is not in use in local administration, not even where members of the minority represent more than 15% of the population. (according to Serbian law, the use of a distinct language in local administration is allowed in places where the minority speaking it comprises a percentage of the population higher than 15%).
Religion.
The Romanian Orthodox Church, Malajnica, built in 2004, is the first Romanian church in eastern Serbia in 170 years, during which time Romanians in Timoc were not allowed to hear liturgical services in their native language. Most Vlachs of Eastern Serbia are Orthodox Christians who had belonged to the Serbian Orthodox Church since the 19th century. This changed on 24 March 2009, when Serbia recognized the authority of the Romanian Orthodox Church in Valea Timocului and the confessional rights of the Vlachs.
The 2006 Serbian law on religious organizations did not recognize the Romanian Orthodox Church as a traditional church, as it had received permission from the Serbian Church to operate only within Vojvodina, but not in Timočka Krajina. At Malajnica, a "Vlach" priest belonging to the Romanian Orthodox Church encountered deliberately-raised administrative barriers when he attempted to build a church. Other Romanian Orthodox churches are planned or under construction in Jasikovo, Cuprija, Bigrenica and Samarinovac. Additionally, a Romanian Orthodox monastery is under construction in Malajnica. The Romanian Orthodox churches in Eastern Central Serbia are subordinated to the "Protopresbyteriat Dacia Ripensis" with its seat in Negotin. The protopresbyteriat is subordinated to the Romanian Orthodox diocese Dacia Felix with its seat in Vršac.
The relative isolation of the Vlachs has permitted the survival of various pre-Christian religious customs and beliefs that are frowned upon by the Orthodox Church. Vlach magic rituals are well known across modern Serbia. The Vlachs celebrate the Ospăț ("hospitium", in Latin), called in Serbian "praznic" or "slava", though its meaning is chtonic (related to the house and farmland) rather than familial. Other Balkan peoples, notably the Serbs, adopted the Christian traditions of the Vlachs. The customs of the Vlachs are very similar to those from Southern Romania (Walachia).
Subgroups.
Vlachs are divided into many groups, each speaking their own dialectal variant:
There has been considerable intermixing between the Ungureni and Ţărani so that a dialect has evolved sharing peculiarities of both regions. There is also a population of Vlachophone (Vlach-speaking) Romani centered around the village of Lukovo, as well as a few Aromanian families who live in Knjaževac, but both are tiny migrant groups.
Population.
In the 2002 census 40,054 people in Serbia declared themselves ethnic Vlachs, and 54,818 people declared themselves speakers of the Vlach language. The Vlachs of Serbia are recognized as a minority, like the Romanians of Serbia, who number 34,576 according to the 2002 census. On the census, the Vlachs declared themselves either as Serbs, Vlachs or Romanians. Therefore, the "real" number of people of Vlach origin could be much greater than the number of recorded Vlachs, both due to mixed marriages with Serbs and also Serbian national feeling among some Vlachs.
Historical population.
The following numbers from census data suggest the possible number of Vlachs:
The Vlach (Romanian) population of Central Serbia is concentrated mostly in the region bordered by the Morava River (west), Danube River (north) and Timok River (south-east). See also: List of settlements in Serbia inhabited by Vlachs.
According to some Romanian and Western European organizations, around 250,000 speakers of Romanian live in eastern Serbia.
Identity.
The term Vlach is the English transcription of the Serbian term for this group ("Vlasi"), while Roumanians or Romanians is the English transcription of its Romanian counterpart ("român/rumân").
Despite their recognition as a separate ethnic group by the Serbian government, Vlachs are cognate to Romanians in the cultural and linguistic sense. Some Romanians, as well as international linguists and anthropologists, consider Serbia's Vlachs to be a subgroup of Romanians. Additionally, the Movement of Romanians-Vlachs in Serbia, which represents some Vlachs, has called for the recognition of the Vlachs as a Romanian national minority, giving them rights similar to those of the Romanians of Vojvodina. However, the results of the last census showed that most Vlachs of Eastern Serbia opted for the Serbian exonym "vlasi" (= Vlachs) rather than "rumuni" (= Romanians). As a result of serbianization, most Vlachs declared themselves to be "Serbs" on censusus taken by Communist Yugoslavia, but the number of those who preferred to declare themselves as Vlachs or Romanians significantly increased from 1991 (16,539 declared "vlasi" and 42 declared "rumuni") to 2001 (39,953 declared "vlasi" and 4,157 declared "rumuni").
Romania has given modest financial support to the Vlachs in Serbia for the preservation of their culture and language, since at present the Vlachs' language is not recognized officially in any localities where they form a majority, there is no education in their mother tongue, and there is no Vlach media or education funded by the Serbian state. There are also no church services in Vlach. Until very recently in the regions populated by Vlachs the official policy of the Serbian Orthodox church opposed the giving of non-Serbian baptismal names.
On the other hand, some Vlachs consider themselves to be simply Serbs that speak the "Vlach language".
Vlach is commonly used as a historical umbrella term for all Latin peoples in Southeastern Europe (Romanians proper or Daco-Romanians, Aromanians, Megleno-Romanians, Istro-Romanians). After the foundation of the Romanian state in the 19th century, Romanians living in the Romanian Old Kingdom and in Austria-Hungary were only seldom called "Vlachs" by foreigners, the use of the exonym "Romanians" was encouraged even by officials, and the Romanian population ceased to use the exonym "Vlach" for their own designation. Only in the Serbian and Bulgarian Kingdom, where the officials did not encourage the population to use the modern exonym "Romanian", was the old designation "Vlach" retained, but the term "Romanian" was used in statistical reports (but only up to the Interwar period, when the designation "Romanian" was changed into "Vlach"). For this reason, the Romanians of Vojvodina (hence those who lived in Austria-Hungary) today prefer to use the modern exonym "Romanian", while those of Central Serbia still use the ancient exonym "Vlach". However, both groups use the endonym "Romanians", calling their language "Romanian" ("română" or "rumână").
In some notes of the government of Serbia, officials recognise that ""certainly members of this population have similar characteristics with Romanians, and the language and folklore ride to their Romanian origin"". The representatives of the Vlach minority sustain their Romanian origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2888905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888905" title="Bakkwa">
Bakkwa

Bakkwa, also known as rougan (), is a Chinese salty-sweet dried meat product similar to jerky. It originated from the Fujian province in China where it is considered a Hokkien delicacy. 
Bakkwa is made with a meat preservation and preparation technique originating from China. The general method for production have remained virtually unchanged throughout the centuries, but the techniques have been gradually improved. It is often made with beef, pork, or mutton, which are prepared with spices, sugar, salt, and soy sauce, while dried on racks at around 50 °C to 60 °C. 
Nowadays, products with a softer texture, lighter color, and less sugar are preferred. The bakkwa products with the higher water content, thus having softer texture, and lower sugar content are generally known as the "shafu" type of bakkwa. Nevertheless, "shafu" can have similar shelf life as other types of bakkwa. The meat is most commonly served plain and in square-shaped slices in the form of flat thin sheets. 
Bakkwa is immensely popular in Singapore and Malaysia where it is usually eaten during Chinese New Year. When Chinese immigrants brought this delicacy over to Singapore and Malaysia, it began to take on local characteristics. A notable example lies in the preparation of bakkwa, where the meat once still being air-dried is instead grilled over charcoal. This imparts a smokier flavor to the meat. The Singapore and Malaysia versions of bakkwa are also sweeter than its mainland China counterpart with many different variations adapted to suit the local palette such as chilli bakkwa. 

</doc>
<doc id="2888908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888908" title="Makarewa">
Makarewa

Makarewa is a small community north of Invercargill (the southernmost city in the South Island of New Zealand).
Facilities include a primary school with a roll of about 130 children, two abandoned dairies, meeting rooms for clubs, a playcentre, country club, squash courts, lawn bowling club, and an indoor swimming pool on the school grounds.
Alliance Group Ltd operate a freezing works in Makarewa, originally the plant processed beef but after being downsized in the nineties is a venison plant. The plant also provides water for the nearby Lorneville plant.
Makarewa was formerly the junction of two branch line railways, where the Tuatapere Branch diverged from the Kingston Branch. A third line, the Ohai Branch, left the Tokanui Branch in Thornbury. On 15 January 1978, the Tokanui Branch closed beyond Thornbury, and on 13 December 1982, the Kingston Branch closed beyond Makarewa. The line through Makarewa has since been incorporated into the Ohai Branch and only freight services operate.

</doc>
<doc id="2888940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888940" title="Sub Pop 200">
Sub Pop 200

Sub Pop 200 is a compilation released in the early days of the Seattle grunge scene (December 1988). It features songs (many of them first releases and otherwise unattainable) from Tad, The Fluid, Nirvana, Steven "Jesse" Bernstein, Mudhoney, The Walkabouts, Terry Lee Hale, Soundgarden, Green River, Fastbacks, Blood Circus, Swallow, Chemistry Set, Girl Trouble, The Nights and Days, Cat Butt, Beat Happening, Screaming Trees, Steve Fisk, and The Thrown Ups.
Many of these bands went on to be incredibly influential in the early 1990s and onwards.
Most notable of these were Nirvana, Soundgarden, Green River (who spawned Mudhoney and Mother Love Bone and later Temple of the Dog and Pearl Jam), Screaming Trees, and Mudhoney.
The cover is an illustration by comics artist Charles Burns, who was regularly used by Sub Pop for covers and posters around this period.
Availability.
"Sub Pop 200" was originally pressed on vinyl as a 3-LP box, but a CD reissue is available and in print.

</doc>
<doc id="2888943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888943" title="Samuel Griffin">
Samuel Griffin

Samuel Griffin (1746 – November 3, 1810) was a lawyer and politician from Virginia. He represented Virginia in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Biography.
He was born in Richmond County, Virginia. He studied classical studies and law. He was admitted to the bar and practiced. During the Revolutionary War he served as a colonel in the Continental Army, was an aide-de-camp to General Charles Lee, and was wounded at the Battle of Harlem Heights on Sept. 16, 1776. 
Colonel Griffin was assigned to the Department of Philadelphia to recuperate from his wounds. Following the retreat of the American army behind the Delaware River in December 1776, Griffin was instructed by commanding general of Philadelphia, Israel Putnam, following directions from General Washington, to "create a distraction" for the British forces then present near Trenton, New Jersey.
Griffin led about 900 militia and Virginia regulars into Mount Holly, from which he harassed the pickets of Colonel Carl von Donop at Bordentown. Colonel Von Donop brought all of his 2,000 or so troops to Mount Holly to punish Griffin in the Battle of Iron Works Hill.[http://www.ironworkshill.org] Von Donop was now out of position to assist Colonel Rall in Trenton, and on the morning of December 26, 1776, Washington crossed the Delaware and defeated Rall at Trenton. Griffin's role was complete, but local lore says he was aided by a "certain young widow of a doctor" in detaining von Donop in Mount Holly. That widow remains anonymous.
Griffin also served on the State's board of war. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates 1786-1788. 
Griffin served as mayor of Williamsburg, Virginia from 1779 to 1780.
He was elected to the First, Second, and Third Congresses, serving from March 4, 1789 until March 3, 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="2888947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888947" title="Nick Bantock">
Nick Bantock

Nick Bantock (born 14 July 1949) is an British artist and author based in Saltspring Island, British Columbia, known for his series, "The Griffin and Sabine Trilogy". His books are published by Raincoast Books in Canada and Chronicle Books in the United States.
Career.
Bantock attended schools in the northeast suburbs of London, and later an art college in Maidstone, Kent. He began a career as a freelance artist at the age of 23, producing 300 book covers in the ensuing 16 years. In 1988 he moved to Vancouver, and soon after to the nearby Bowen Island, where he had the idea that became the Griffin and Sabine series.
In 1993, he won the Bill Duthie Bookseller's Choice Award for "Sabine's Notebook."
In 2006, he adapted the Griffin and Sabine series into a play, also called "Griffin and Sabine", which premiered in Vancouver at the Granville Island Stage and ran from October 5-November 4, 2006.
In 2007, he resumed painting full-time, and opened a studio-gallery, 'The Forgetting Room', on Saltspring Island.

</doc>
<doc id="2888949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888949" title="List of convex uniform tilings">
List of convex uniform tilings

This table shows the 11 convex uniform tilings (regular and semiregular) of the Euclidean plane, and their dual tilings.
There are three regular, and eight semiregular, tilings in the plane. The semiregular tilings form new tilings from their duals, each made from one type of irregular face.
Uniform tilings are listed by their vertex configuration, the sequence of faces that exist on each vertex. For example "4.8.8" means one square and two octagons on a vertex.
These 11 uniform tilings have 32 different "uniform colorings". A uniform coloring allows identical sided polygons at a vertex to be colored differently, while still maintaining vertex-uniformity and transformational congruence between vertices. (Note: Some of the tiling images shown below are "not" color-uniform)
In addition to the 11 convex uniform tilings, there are also 14 nonconvex tilings, using star polygons, and reverse orientation vertex configurations.
Dual tilings are listed by their face configuration, the number of faces at each vertex of a face. For example "V4.8.8" means isosceles triangle tiles with one corner with 4 triangles, and two corners containing 8 triangles.
In the 1987 book, "Tilings and Patterns", Branko Grünbaum calls the vertex-uniform tilings "Archimedean" in parallel to the Archimedean solids, and the dual tilings "Laves tilings" in honor of crystallographer Fritz Laves. John Conway calls the duals "Catalan tilings", in parallel to the Catalan solid polyhedra.
Convex uniform tilings of the Euclidean plane.
All reflectional forms can be made by Wythoff constructions, represented by Wythoff symbols, or Coxeter-Dynkin diagrams, each operating upon one of three Schwarz triangle (4,4,2), (6,3,2), or (3,3,3), with symmetry represented by Coxeter groups: [6,3, or Alternated forms such as the snub can also be represented by special markups within each system. Only one uniform tiling can't be constructed by a Wythoff process, but can be made by an elongation of the triangular tiling. An orthogonal mirror construction [∞,2,∞ also exists, seen as 2 sets of parallel mirrors making a rectangular fundamental domain. If the domain is square, this symmetry can be doubled by a diagonal mirror into the [4,4] family.
Families:
Uniform colorings.
There are a total of 32 uniform colorings of the 11 uniform tilings:

</doc>
<doc id="2888960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888960" title="Precedence diagram method">
Precedence diagram method

The precedence diagram method is a tool for scheduling activities in a project plan. It is a method of constructing a project schedule network diagram that uses boxes, referred to as nodes, to represent activities and connects them with arrows that show the dependencies.
Key elements include determining predecessors and defining attributes such as 

</doc>
<doc id="2888969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888969" title="Guido (slang)">
Guido (slang)

Guido is a slang term for a working-class urban Italian American. The guido stereotype is multi-faceted. Originally, it was used as a demeaning term for Italian Americans in general. More recently, it has come to refer to Italian Americans who conduct themselves in an overtly macho manner. The time period in which it obtained the latter meaning is not clear, but some sources date it to the 1970s or 1980s. 
Etymology.
The word "guido" is derived from either the proper name "Guido" or the verb "guidare" (to drive). Fishermen of Italian descent were once often called "Guidos" in medieval times.
Modern usage and the Italian-American reaction.
The term is used in metropolitan areas associated with large Italian-American populations, such as New York, Ohio, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New Jersey. In other areas, terms such as "Mario" (Chicago) and "Gino" (Toronto) have a meaning similar to guido. Although some Italians self-identify as "guidos", the term is often considered derogatory or an ethnic slur. 
The term caused controversy in 2009 when MTV used the term in promotions for the reality television show "Jersey Shore". This spurred objections from Italian-American organizations such as Unico National, NIAF, the Order Sons of Italy in America, and the Internet watchdog organization ItalianAware. Although MTV removed the term from some promotions, it remains closely associated with the show, and some of the cast members use it regularly to describe themselves while the females sometimes refer to themselves as a "guidette."
Style.
Clothing associated with the stereotype includes gold chains (often herringbones chains, Figaro chains, cornicellos, or saint medallions), pinky rings, working class clothing such as plain T-shirts, muscle shirts or "guinea Ts", leather jackets, sweat or tracksuits, scally caps, unbuttoned dress shirts, and often typical Italian "terrone" or "truzzo" club dress. Slicked-back hair and pompadours, blowouts, tapers, poofs, fades and heavily pomaded or gelled hair are also common stereotypes. In regards to Italian-American women associated with the stereotype or subculture, "The New York Times" in 2013 described bridge and tunnel female clubgoers traveling to Manhattan via the Staten Island Ferry on a Saturday evening as wearing "a kaleidoscope of cheetah print, high heels, higher heels and assorted renderings of the Italian flag."

</doc>
<doc id="2888973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888973" title="Michael Nunn">
Michael Nunn

Michael John Nunn (born April 14, 1963 in Davenport, Iowa) is a former American boxer. Nicknamed "Second To" Nunn, he was a 6' 2" southpaw and was the "Lineal"/IBF middleweight champion, and the "Lineal"WBA super-middleweight champion. 
In 2004, he was sentenced to 24 years in prison for drug trafficking.
Amateur career.
Nunn won three Iowa Golden Gloves titles and posted an amateur record of 168-8. At the 1984 Olympic trials, U.S. boxing officials asked Nunn, who was boxing as a 156-pounder, to move up to the 165-pound division. They wanted to clear the way for Frank Tate, the eventual Olympic gold medalist, who was being heralded as America's next great middleweight. Tate's last loss was to Nunn.
After agreeing to move up in weight, Nunn boxed Virgil Hill at the Olympic trials in Fort Worth, Texas. Hill defeated Nunn by a 4-1 decision. Nunn and Hill boxed again at the Olympic box-offs in Las Vegas, Nevada. Nunn won the first box-off by a 5-0 decision. In the second box-off, Hill dropped Nunn and won by a 5-0 decision to make the Olympic team as the U.S. representative in the 165-pound division.
Professional career.
Middleweight.
Nunn turned professional in 1984. After winning his first thirty fights, he fought IBF middleweight title-holder Frank Tate, who was 23-0. The fight took place on July 28, 1988 at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. Nunn won the title by a ninth-round knockout.
In his first title defense, he knocked out Juan Roldan in the eighth round. His second defense was a stunning first-round knockout of Sumbu Kalambay to capture the vacant "Lineal" middleweight championship. Nunn's next two title defenses were twelve-round majority decision wins over Iran Barkley and Marlon Starling. For his fifth defense, Nunn went to France and knocked out Donald Curry in ten rounds. On May 10, 1991, in his hometown of Davenport, Iowa, Nunn lost his title in a big upset to James Toney. Nunn, well ahead on points after ten rounds, was knocked out after being dropped by a left hook in the eleventh round.
Super-middleweight.
After the loss, Nunn moved up a weight division to super-middleweight and won the NABF title with a tenth-round stoppage against Randall Yonker. On September 12, 1992, Nunn won the "Lineal"/WBA super middleweight titles with a controversial twelve-round split decision over Victor Cordoba. The WBA ordered a rematch, which took place on January 30, 1993. Nunn fought much better in the rematch, winning by a one-sided twelve-round unanimous decision.
In his fifth title defense, Nunn lost the title to Steve Little by a twelve-round split decision on February 26, 1994, in another huge upset. On December 17, 1994, Nunn traveled to Ecuador to fight Frankie Liles in an attempt to regain the "Lineal"/WBA super-middleweight titles. In a very close fight, Liles, who had defeated Little in his previous fight to win the title, defeated Nunn by a twelve-round unanimous decision.
Light-heavyweight.
After nine consecutive wins, Nunn got another title shot. On March 21, 1998, he fought Graciano Rocchigiani for the vacant WBC light heavyweight title in Germany. Nunn lost by a twelve-round split decision, with the judges favouring Rocchigiani's fewer, more solid punches over Nunn's much higher volume of lighter shots.
On January 23, 2002, Nunn defeated Vinson Durhan by a ten-round unanimous decision at Caesar's Indiana in Bridgeport, Indiana. It would be his last fight. He finished with a record of 58-4 with 37 knockouts.
Arrest and sentencing.
On August 6, 2002, at a hotel in his hometown of Davenport, Iowa, Nunn was arrested after paying an undercover agent $200 for one kilogram of cocaine, which had a street value of $24,000. In May 2003, He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to distribute cocaine. The following January, Nunn was sentenced to 292 months in federal prison by U.S. District Judge William Gritzer, who agreed to a higher sentencing guideline after considering Nunn's long history in drug trafficking and the likelihood he used a firearm during drug deals.
During the three-day sentencing hearing, prosecutors called witnesses who testified about Nunn's drug activity dating back to 1993. Nunn, who accepted responsibility for buying drugs in August 2002, denied his involvement in drug trafficking. He pointed out that several of the witnesses were in prison and could have their sentences reduced for providing testimony.
Nunn, who was defiant throughout the hearing, accused government lawyers of lying and scheming against him. "You guys haven't shown me nothing," Nunn said in his statement to the judge. "Where are your facts, Mr. Prosecutor?"
Nunn is currently incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution, Bastrop, a low-security federal prison in Texas, and is scheduled for release in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="2888980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888980" title="Jed the Fish">
Jed the Fish

Edwin Fish "Jed" Gould III (born July 15, 1955), known to radio listeners as Jed the Fish, is a disc jockey who hosted afternoon drive on KROQ-FM in Los Angeles, since 1978. His tenure at KROQ lasted 35 years.
From 1994 to July 2013, Jed hosted the nationally syndicated show "Out of Order". It is a countdown of the most popular alternative rock songs in the country, but, as the name implies, the songs are not played in numeric order. "Out of Order" is two hours long and is syndicated by Dial Global.
As of 2012 Jed the Fish is currently a disc jockey at radio station KCSN.
Awards.
In 1997 and 1999, Jed was awarded the "Billboard Air Modern Rock Personality of the Year award.
In 1998, Jed received an award for the "Radio & Records" Local Modern Rock Personality of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="2888989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888989" title="Kansas Jayhawks">
Kansas Jayhawks

The sports teams at the University of Kansas (KU), in Lawrence, Kansas, are known as the Jayhawks. KU is one of three schools in the state of Kansas that participate in NCAA Division I. The Jayhawks are also a member of the Big 12 Conference. University of Kansas athletic teams have won eleven NCAA Division I championships: three in men's basketball, one in men's cross country, three in men's indoor track and field, three in men's outdoor track and field, and one in women's outdoor track and field.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Origins of "Jayhawk".
The origin of the term "Jayhawk" (short for "Jayhawker") is uncertain. The term was adopted as a nickname by a group of emigrants traveling to California in 1849. The origin of the term may go back as far as the Revolutionary War, when it was reportedly used to describe a group associated with American patriot John Jay. 
The term became part of the lexicon of the Missouri-Kansas border in about 1858, during the Kansas territorial period. The term was used to describe militant bands nominally associated with the free-state cause. One early Kansas history contained this succinct characterization of the jayhawkers: 
Another historian of the territorial period described the jayhawkers as bands of men that were willing to fight, kill, and rob for a variety of motives that included defense against pro-slavery "Border Ruffians", abolition, driving pro-slavery settlers from their claims of land, revenge, and/or plunder and personal profit.
In September 1861, the town of Osceola, Missouri was burned to the ground by Jayhawkers during the Sacking of Osceola. On the 150th anniversary of that event in 2011, the town asked the University of Kansas to remove the Jayhawk as its mascot.
Over time, proud of their state's contributions to the end of slavery and the preservation of the Union, Kansans embraced the "Jayhawker" term. The term came to be applied to people or items related to Kansas. When the University of Kansas fielded their first football team in 1890, like many Universities at that time, they had no official mascot. They used many different independent mascots, including a pig. Eventually, sometime during the 1890s, the team was referred to as the Jayhawkers by the student body. Over time, the name was gradually supplanted by its shorter variant, and KU’s sports teams are now almost exclusively known as the Jayhawks. The Jayhawk appears in several Kansas cheers, most notably, the "Rock Chalk, Jayhawk" chant in unison before and during games. In the traditions promoted by KU, the jayhawk is said to be a combination of two birds, “the blue jay, a noisy, quarrelsome thing known to rob other nests, and the sparrow hawk, a stealthy hunter.” 
The link between the term “Jayhawkers” and any specific kind of mythical bird, if it ever existed, had been lost or at least obscured by the time KU’s bird mascot was invented in 1912. The originator of the bird mascot, Henry Maloy, struggled for over two years to create a pictorial symbol for the team, until hitting upon the bird idea. As explained by Mr. Maloy, “the term ‘jayhawk’ in the school yell was a verb and the term ‘jayhawkers’ was the noun.” KU’s current Jayhawk tradition largely springs from Frank W. Blackmar, a KU professor. In his 1926 address on the origin of the Jayhawk, Blackmar specifically referenced the blue jay and sparrow hawk. Blackmar’s address served to soften the link between KU’s athletic team moniker and the Jayhawkers of the Kansas territorial period, and helped explain the relatively recently invented Jayhawk pictorial symbol with a myth that appears to have been of even more recent fabrication.
Championships.
Conference championships & titles.
Big 12 Conference champions have the best conference regular season record, and titles are awarded to the winner of the postseason championship tournament. In all sports combined (as of May 2011) the Jayhawks have won total of 168 conference titles all-time, 24 championships since joining the Big 12. Note that approximately 1/3 of those are from the Men's basketball team.
The Jayhawks have won or shared an NCAA record 56 conference championships since they joined their first conference in 1907. The Jayhawks have belonged to the Big 12 Conference since it formed before the 1996–97 season. Before that, the Jayhawks have belonged to the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association from the 1907–08 to 1927–28 seasons, the Big Six Conference from 1928–29 to 1946–47, the Big Seven Conference from 1947–48 to 1957–58, the Big Eight Conference from 1958–59 up until the end of the 1995–96 season. It should be noted that the Big Six and Big Seven conferences were actually the more often used names of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association, which existed under that official name until 1964, when it was changed to the Big Eight.
Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (13)
Big Six Conference (12)
Big Seven Conference (5)
Big Eight Conference (13)
Big 12 Conference (14)
In addition to the 56 Conference Championships, the Jayhawks have also captured 26 Conference Tournament Championships
Basketball.
Men's basketball.
The Jayhawks men's basketball program is one of the most successful and prestigious programs in the history of college basketball. The Jayhawks' first coach was the inventor of the game, James Naismith. The program has produced some of the game's greatest professional players (including Clyde Lovellette, Wilt Chamberlain, Jo Jo White, and Paul Pierce) and most successful coaches (including Phog Allen, Adolph Rupp, Ralph Miller, Dutch Lonborg, John McLendon, Larry Brown, Dean Smith, Roy Williams, and Bill Self). The program has enjoyed considerable national success, having been selected Helms Foundation National Champions in 1922 and 1923, winning NCAA national championships in 1952, 1988, and 2008, and playing in 14 Final Fours, and is one of only three programs to win more than 2,000 games. In Street & Smith's Annual list of 100 greatest college basketball programs of all time in 2005, KU ranked 4th.
Women's basketball.
Kansas first fielded a women's team during the 1968–1969 season. For thirty-one seasons (1973–2004) the women's team was coached by Marian Washington, who led the team to three Big Eight championships, one Big 12 Championship, six conference tournament championships, eleven NCAA Tournament appearances and four AIAW Tournament appearances. The team's best post-season result was a Sweet Sixteen appearance in 1998. Kansas is currently coached by Bonnie Henrickson who is in her 6th season.
Football.
KU began playing football in 1890. The football team has had notable alumni including Gale Sayers, a two-time All-American who later enjoyed an injury-shortened yet Hall of Fame career with the Chicago Bears; John Riggins, another Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl XVII MVP with the Washington Redskins; Pro Football Hall of Famer for the Cleveland Browns, Mike McCormack; plus John Hadl, Curtis McClinton, Dana Stubblefield, Bobby Douglass, and Nolan Cromwell. The Jayhawks have appeared three times in the Orange Bowl: 1948, 1969 and 2008. The team currently plays in Memorial Stadium (capacity 50,071), the seventh oldest college football stadium in the nation, which opened in 1921. The team is currently led by head coach Charlie Weis.
Baseball.
Kansas baseball began in 1880 and has produced notable players such as Bob Allison and Steve Renko. The team has appeared in four NCAA tournaments (1993, 1994, 2006, 2009) and one College World Series (1993).
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
Founded in 1964, Kansas Jayhawks Rugby Football Club plays college rugby in the Division 1 Heart of America conference against its many of its traditional Big 8 / Big 12 rivals such as Kansas State and Missouri. Kansas finished the 2011 year ranked 24th. Kansas rugby has embarked on international tours since 1977, playing in Europe, New Zealand and Argentina.
The team plays its matches at the Westwick Rugby Complex, which was funded by $350,000 in alumni donations. Kansas often hosts the annual Heart of America sevens tournament played every September, the winner of which qualifies for the USA Rugby sevens national championship.
Rivalries.
Kansas State Wildcats (Sunflower Showdown).
Kansas State University is Kansas' in-state rival. The series between Kansas and Kansas State is known as the Sunflower Showdown.
Texas Longhorns.
A recent rival of Kansas, especially in basketball, has been the University of Texas. Since the two schools joined the same Conference in 1996, they have often competed for basketball dominance of the Big 12. Kansas and Texas met in the Big 12 Tournament final from 2006 through 2008, and again in 2011, with Kansas winning all four. It was Texas who broke Kansas' school- and conference-record 69-game homecourt winning streak in January 2011.
Former Rivalries.
Missouri Tigers (Border War).
The 160-year-old rivalry between Kansas and Missouri began with open violence that up to the American Civil War known as Bleeding Kansas that took place in the Kansas Territory (Sacking of Lawrence) and the western frontier towns of Missouri throughout the 1850s. The incidents were clashes between pro-slavery factions from both states and anti-slavery Kansans to influence whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free or slave state. In the opening year of the war, six Missouri towns (the largest being Osceola) and large swaths of the western Missouri country side were plundered and burned by guerrilla "Jayhawkers" from Kansas. The Sacking of Osceola led to a retaliatory raid on Lawrence, Kansas two years later known as the Lawrence Massacre killing between 185 and 200 men and boys, which in turn led to the infamous General Order No. 11 (1863), the forced depopulation of several western Missouri counties. The raid on Lawrence was led by William Quantrill, a Confederate guerrilla born in Ohio who had formed his bushwhacker group at the end of 1861. At the time the Civil War broke out, Quantrill was a resident of Lawrence, Kansas teaching school.
The athletic rivalry began with a football game on October 31, 1891. Currently it is the second longest played series in Division I football and has been described as one of the most intense in the nation. However, no games are currently scheduled for the 2012-2013 school year after Missouri accepted an offer to join the Southeastern Conference and Kansas refused Missouri's offer to continue rivalry outside of the conference. In the basketball series Kansas leads by a large margin (172-95 KU), in football Missouri leads by a very small margin (56-55-9 MU) and baseball Missouri leads by a large margin.
Nebraska Cornhuskers.
Kansas had a rivalry with the Nebraska Cornhuskers, though that rivalry had more to do with who had the better sports program, with Kansas priding itself on its basketball prowess and Nebraska on its football dominance. This rivalry of sports cultures has gone dormant with Nebraska's departure for the Big 10 Conference in 2011. Prior to 2011, the football series between the 2 schools was the 3rd most played rivalry in college football behind Minnesota-Wisconsin and Kansas-Missouri. In basketball, Kansas leads the all-time series 170-71.
Athletic directors.
James Naismith also served as athletic director in some fashion in the years prior to Hamilton. Hamilton is the first official athletic director.
References.
General references:
Specific references:

</doc>
<doc id="2888992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888992" title="Prepare to Live">
Prepare to Live

Prepare to Live® (aka P2L) was the first non-profit, charitable organization founded and managed by and for Young Adult cancer survivors. It was formed in 2001 by Eran Thomson, chronic myelogenous leukemia survivor, and Eszter Rabin, stage III breast cancer survivor. It uses the web and film to build a cancer community for those aged approximately 20 to 40. It provides numerous "Tools for Survival" including: documentary style films, profiles of patients, survivors and caregivers, a unique Buddy Search feature that helps people find other people in similar situations, with similar interests and background to exchange advice and experiences with.
See also.
CanTeen

</doc>
<doc id="2889001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889001" title="Honorary titles of Indian leaders">
Honorary titles of Indian leaders

The following is the list of honorary titles given to various Indian leaders during Indian independence struggle.

</doc>
<doc id="2889013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889013" title="Hotsaucing">
Hotsaucing

Hot saucing is the practice of disciplining a child by putting hot sauce in the child's mouth. It is often considered child abuse, but remains popular with some parents in the United States.
Popularity.
Former child star Lisa Whelchel advocates hot saucing in her parenting book "Creative Correction". In the book, Whelchel claims the practice is more effective and humane than traditional corporal punishments, such as spanking; she repeated this opinion when promoting her book on "Good Morning America", where she said in raising her own child she found the technique successful where other measures had failed. Whelchel's book recommends using only "tiny" amounts of hot sauce, and lists alternatives such as lemon juice or vinegar.
The practice had also been suggested in a 2001 article in "Today's Christian Woman" magazine, where only "a drop" is suggested, and alternative substances are listed.
While these publications are credited with popularizing hot saucing, the practice is believed to come from Southern United States culture, where it is well-known among pediatricians, psychologists and child welfare professionals.
Risks.
If a child is allergic to any of the ingredients in a hot sauce, it can cause swelling of the child's tongue and esophagus, presenting a choking hazard. 

</doc>
<doc id="2889024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889024" title="Kari Grandi">
Kari Grandi

Kari Grandi is a fictional character, the main protagonist in the Finnish television advertisements for Grandi, a brand of ready-to-drink juice.
Grandi was played by Eeki Mantere from the beginning of the character in the 1970s until 1999. He was then replaced by actor Sami Kojonen.
The advertisements are parodies of typical 1920s-era adventure movies where a group of villains kidnap a woman and torture her by withholding water and other drinks from her. Somewhere at a distance, Kari Grandi hears her cries for help and rushes to her aid. First he drinks a carton of Grandi juice, then he drops the empty carton on the ground and steps on it. The ensuing sonic boom knocks out the villains, and Kari Grandi is able to revive the woman by giving her a carton of Grandi juice.
The narration of the advertisements always ends with an established catchphrase:
In English:
The character's name is an obvious homage to the actor Cary Grant. The character Kari Grandi was himself parodied in the Finnish sci-fi movie "", in the form of Babel 13 security officer Mihail Karigrandi (English name: Mikhail Garybrandy), who is a parody of the "Babylon 5" character Michael Garibaldi.

</doc>
<doc id="2889029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889029" title="Peter Kember">
Peter Kember

Peter Kember (born 19 November 1965) is a British musician and producer, more usually known as Sonic Boom, and was a founding member of alternative rock band Spacemen 3.
Since the disbandment of Spacemen 3 in 1991, Kember has recorded as Spectrum and E.A.R. (Experimental Audio Research) - the two projects have existed in parallel, and recordings under both names occasionally only feature Kember. He has occasionally performed live under both monikers, most recently in 2008-11 as Spectrum, touring as a band in America and Europe.
Kember has played and collaborated with a number of artists, including Stereolab and Yo La Tengo.
Kember has also collaborated with other artists as a producer. He performed production duties on MGMT's 2010 album "Congratulations" and Panda Bear's 2011 album "Tomboy".
Music career.
Spacemen 3.
"See main article:" Spacemen 3
Sonic Boom.
Kember's first solo album, "Spectrum", was recorded in 1989 while Spacemen 3 were still a going concern, and featured the other members of the group.
Spectrum.
Kember recruited new musicians for the group Spectrum in 1991. Initial Spectrum releases carried on from the sound of late-period Spacemen 3, featuring conventional songs and a regular band. First single "How You Satisfy Me" was an original composition reminiscent of 1960s garage bands, based as it was upon the Chip Taylor-penned pop hit "Can't Let Go". 1992's "Soul Kiss (Glide Divine)" album was split between songs and longer experimental pieces featuring drones and repetition, and "Highs, Lows and Heavenly Blows" (1994) was also mainly song-oriented. Kember has occasionally collaborated with Jessamine and The Silver Apples under the Spectrum name.
Since 1996 the Spectrum name has been used for Kember's solo work, sometimes with Pete Bain from the original Spacemen 3 lineup and recording engineer/musician Alf Hardy. The music made with Bain and Hardy was often in the same vein as E.A.R., reflecting an increased interest in vintage analogue synthesizers, especially those made by EMS. After issuing 1997's "Forever Alien" album, there were no further releases of new material under the Spectrum moniker until 2008's "Indian Giver" collaboration with Jim Dickinson. Kember has also worked with Füxa's Randall Nieman.
During 2008-11, a four-piece Spectrum toured extensively in America and Europe. This included providing main support for the 2009 reformation tour of My Bloody Valentine, and a performance at the All Tomorrow's Parties festival in May 2011. An EP, "War Sucks", was released in 2009.
E.A.R..
"see main article" E.A.R.
Although the first E.A.R. album to be released ("Mesmerised", 1994) was Kember on his own, the initial intention of E.A.R. was to record experimental "soundscape" music with collaborators. The second album (the first to be recorded, however) was "Beyond the Pale" (1996, recorded 1992), which featured Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine, Kevin Martin and AMM's Eddie Prévost. The album was remixed by German musician Thomas Köner in 1997, and released as "The Köner Experiment". Prévost also appeared on "Phenomena 256" (1996) and "Millennium Music" (1998), both of which featured a larger group of musicians. "Data Rape" (1998) was recorded solely by Kember, using the technique of circuit bending, which he continued to use on the EP "Vibrations" (2000) and album "Continuum" (2001). The latter two releases were made with assistance from Delia Derbyshire, formerly of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop, who also had a track named after her on the Spectrum album "Forever Alien". The most recent E.A.R. release is "Worn to a Shadow" (2005).
Other musical collaborations.
Kember has also played and collaborated with Birmingham band The Field Trip, Stereolab, Yo La Tengo, Britta Phillips and Dean Wareham, Cheval Sombre, Cloudland Canyon, and Pat Fish of The Jazz Butcher, The Fields of Hay and with the Italian band Julie's Haircut.
Work as a Producer.
Kember produced Blair 1523's debut album, "Beautiful Debris". He remixed Britta Phillips and Dean Wareham's "L’Avventura" album, releasing "Sonic Souvenirs" in 2003. In 2010, Kember undertook superervisory production on MGMT's second album, titled "Congratulations";, in 2011, he mixed and mastered Panda Bear's fourth album, "Tomboy", in 2012 he produced TEEN's record In Limbo. In February 2014, it was announced he will produce Panda Bear's fifth album "Panda Bear Meets the Grim Reaper". 
Discography.
As Sonic Boom.
Albums:
Singles/EPs:
As Spectrum.
Albums:
Compilations and special releases:"'
Singles/EPs:
As E.A.R. (Experimental Audio Research).
Albums, etc.:
Packaging and formats.
Spectrum and E.A.R. releases have often featured elaborate packaging, unusual formats, or limited editions. Some notable examples are:

</doc>
<doc id="2889035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889035" title="Figurehead">
Figurehead

In politics, a figurehead is a person who holds "de jure" an important (often supremely powerful) title or office yet "de facto" executes little actual power, most commonly limited by convention rather than law. The metaphor derives from the carved figurehead at the prow of a sailing ship. Other figureheads are the Emperor Akihito of Japan, or presidents in some parliamentary republics, such as the President of India, President of Israel, President of Bangladesh, President of Greece, President of Germany, President of Pakistan, and the President of the People's Republic of China (without CPC General Secretary post).
While the authority of a figurehead is in practice generally symbolic or ceremonial, public opinion, respect for the office or the office holder and access to high levels of government can give them significant influence on events. In those systems of government where the head of state is in practice a figurehead, they are also generally the titular commanders in chief of the nation's defence forces.
Sometimes a figurehead can be exploited in times of emergency. For example, Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi used the figurehead President of India to issue unilateral decrees that allowed her to bypass parliament when it no longer supported her. 
During the crisis of the March on Rome in 1922, King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy, though a figurehead, played a key role in handing power to Benito Mussolini.
More than 20 years later, the same King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy played a key role in the dismissal of Benito Mussolini in 1943.
Since the abolition of monarchy in Italy and the establishment of a republic in 1948, the Italian President assumed most of the ceremonial functions of the previous kings; however, the Italian President retains large powers in appointing a prime minister of his choice when in parliament there's no clear majority, creating a so-called "president's cabinet". For example, the actual (2013) Prime Minister of Italy, Sen Mario Monti, was not elected but appointed by the Italian President (Giorgio Napolitano) as a lifetime-senator and then as Prime Minister of the country.
Conversely, King Juan Carlos I of Spain, also a figurehead, had in 1981 a key role in defending the newborn Spanish democracy and foiling the attempted coup d'état, known as "23-F".
As a derogatory term.
The word can also have more sinister overtones, and refer to a powerless leader who should be exercising full authority, yet is actually being controlled by a more powerful figure behind the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="2889038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889038" title="Cajeput tree">
Cajeput tree

Cajeput tree is a common name used for certain classification of tree that has a white spongy bark that is flexible and can easily flake off the trunk. The Cajeput tree is of the genus "Melaleuca", native to Australia and is commonly known in North America as the Tea Tree. The name "Cajeput tree" is primarily used for the species "M. leucadendra",
"M. linariifolia", "M. viridiflora" and "M. quinquenervia". Other names for these trees are the paperbark tree, punk tree, or the white bottle brush tree. Similar subtropical trees from the eucalyptus family are evergreens with pointed leaves and white, red or green flowers. Aborigines of Australia often used the Cajeput tree bark for shields, canoes, roofing material and timber.
Invasive species in Florida.
Melaleuca quinquenervial is considered an invasive species in swampy areas of Florida in the U.S. It was introduced into the United States both as an ornamental tree and to control erosion in swamps.
Cajeput oil and its uses.
The cajeput trees are a source of cajeput oilin Southeast Asia, an essential oil that is extracted from the leaves and twigs of the tree. Cajeput oil is primarily used in aromatherapy as an expectorant, painkiller, antifungal oil and skin mite reducer. The oil is produced by steam distillation of the Melaleuca leucadendra and Melaleuca quinquenervia species. A similar essential oil known as Tea Tree oil is extracted from the species "Melaleuca alternifolia," a native of Australia. Melaleuca pollen can be an allergen and Tea Tree oil may cause allergic reactions for some people. Cajeput trees grown in Australia are well known for having powerful therapeutic properties. Compared to other countries, Australia's Cajeput contains high amounts of anti-infectious properties (cineol, pinene and others), and is a favorite among health professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="2889049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889049" title="Europa (record label)">
Europa (record label)

Europa is a German record label, originally owned by Miller International Records Company (Germany). It has since belonged to the Music Corporation of America and Bertelsmann Music Group, and is now owned by Sony Corporation of America. It was once well known for its very successful radio plays for children and young people. The founder of Europa, American ex-pat David L. Miller, is best known outside of Germany for creating 101 Strings.
History of the Europa label.
Directors.
There have been four directors of the label:
Carsten Bohn controversy.
A further success guarantor was the music of Carsten Bohn. Bohn felt that he was not sufficiently paid for his compositions and a legal dispute ensued. As a consequence, the Europa label has been unable to use his compositions since the mid-1980s.
Decline and renaissance.
At the end of the 1980s, bad sales figures caused radio play production to slow down. The main reason cited for the declining sales was that children and young people were no longer interested in radio plays, preferring instead to play computer games. At the beginning of the 1990s, the two series "The three investigators" and "TKKG" were essentially all that Europa produced. However, from end of the 1990s, radio plays have experienced a renaissance. With the rise of the Internet, there has been new interest in the old radio plays, and demand for new productions has also risen strongly. Increased sales of tapes and LPs provided a revenue stream which made a renewed radio play boom possible. Beginning in 2000, "Europa" presented the old radio plays under the slogan "Rückkehr der Klassiker", which roughly means "return of the classical authors". In addition there was a renewed interest in "The three investigators", considered the label's flagship product. New series were produced, aimed at young listeners. In 2006, the series "Teufelskicker" was produced: an official licensed product of the Football World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2889057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889057" title="Centrepoint (charity)">
Centrepoint (charity)

Centrepoint is the leading charity in the United Kingdom supporting homeless young people aged 16–25. Its patron is HRH The Duke of Cambridge.
It provides a range of accommodation and additional support in health, education and life skills. Its accommodation includes emergency nightshelters, short and long stay hostels, specialist projects for care leavers, ex-offenders, young single parents, foyers and supported flats and floating support services.
Additional support services include a designated health team and mental health team, specialist support to help young people back into education, training or employment, and the teaching of life skills, which encompasses everything from money management to cooking.
Centrepoint also has its own Centrepoint Parliament – a group of 18 young people elected by their peers to be the 'voice' of the charity. It is involved in charity-wide decision-making, lobbying and policy work, and media. Last year's Parliament was instrumental in convincing the government to retain the Education Maintenance Allowance for vulnerable young people. This was managed by Centrepoint's policy and participation team.
Centrepoint also runs successful volunteering schemes, such as mentoring, which pairs a person with a young person for 12 months. It currently works with almost 100 mentors.
The charity was founded by the Reverend Kenneth Leech and set up its first shelter in a Soho church on the 16 December 1969. Centrepoint opened its first accommodation service outside London in Consett, County Durham on 7 October 2005. The homeless individuals who took part in the Cycle of Life in 2008 are from Centrepoint projects.
Centrepoint's former patron was Diana, Princess of Wales and its current Patron is her son, HRH The Duke of Cambridge.
Its ambassadors include Radio 1 DJ Sara Cox, actress Lisa Maxwell and journalist and presenter Kirsty Young.

</doc>
<doc id="2889059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889059" title="Fleet railway station">
Fleet railway station

Fleet railway station serves the town of Fleet in Hampshire, England. It is situated on the South Western Main Line, which has four tracks through the station. There are two platforms on the outer pair of tracks, which are served by trains between London Waterloo, Basingstoke and Southampton. The centre pair of tracks have no platforms and are used by fast services.
The station, and all trains calling there, are operated by South West Trains.
History.
The railway line through Fleet was built by the London & Southampton Railway, which was renamed the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) in 1839; the section between and opening on 24 September 1838, but at that time, Fleet did not have a railway station. A station, originally named Fleet Pond (after Fleet Pond) was opened in May 1847. It was built on the opposite side of Minley Road as it is today. When the line was increased to four tracks, the station was rebuilt on its current site. At the time however, the station saw very little use and there were even proposals to close the station. It was renamed Fleet on 1 July 1869.
In 1906, the station was expanded again as the station became busier as Fleet's population grew. The buildings were rebuilt in 1969. work was under way to replace the station buildings and deck the southern car park to provide an extra 150 spaces.
Services.
The current Monday-Saturday off-peak service is:
On Sundays this becomes:
Miscellaneous.
The Pay by Phone car park code for fleet station is 7481.
In May 2010, the body of a newborn baby girl was found abandoned in a rubbish bin at the station. A murder investigation was opened based upon the baby's injuries.
The two platforms are numbered; Platform 1 is for London-bound trains, Platform 2 is for trains for Basingstoke (and beyond).

</doc>
<doc id="2889061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889061" title="Iain Murray">
Iain Murray

Iain Hamish Murray (born 1931) is a British pastor and author. He was educated in the Isle of Man and at the University of Durham before entering ministry in 1955. He served as assistant to Martyn Lloyd-Jones at Westminster Chapel (1956–59) and subsequently at Grove Chapel, London (1961–69) and St. Giles Presbyterian Church, Sydney, Australia, (1981–84). In 1957 he and Jack Cullum founded the Reformed publishing house, the Banner of Truth Trust, of which he continues to serve as a trustee.
Works.
Books by Iain Murray include:

</doc>
<doc id="2889063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889063" title="Charles Chilton Moore">
Charles Chilton Moore

Charles Chilton Moore (December 20, 1837 - February 7, 1906) was an American atheist, and the editor of the "Blue Grass Blade", one of the United States' first newspapers promoting atheism.
C. C. Moore's grandfather was the 19th century religious reformer Barton W. Stone. Moore became a preacher, in his grandfather's tradition, but came to doubt the Bible and its teachings. He left the church, passing through deism and agnosticism before becoming an atheist. He founded the "Blue Grass Blade" in 1884 in Lexington, Kentucky. Due to financial and legal problems, he was only able to publish it sporadically. The journal contained articles advocating such positions as agnosticism, women's suffrage, and prohibition.
Moore spent time in prison for his outspoken opposition to religion and The Bible. In February 1899, he was indicted for mailing obscene literature through the mail - a federal crime. The obscene literature in question was a discussion about free love that Moore had engaged in with a local judge in the pages of the "Blade", but merely printing such a taboo conversation was enough to get him into a courthouse and set another historical precedent for the First Amendment. Moore, not wanting to burden his family financially, decided to defend himself in court. He would come to regret his decision when the district attorney managed to direct the jury's attention from Moore's mailing of lewd content to his atheism and the many articles of blasphemy in his newspaper. Moore's hopelessness was evident when he tried to convince a jury of twelve Christians that he, an atheist, was innocent. Though he was indicted for mailing obscene literature, it was his blasphemy that led the jury to deliberate for five minutes before returning with a guilty verdict. The next morning, the judge heeded Moore's plea to not impose a monetary penalty and instead sentenced him to two years in the Ohio State Penitentiary. Before Moore's friends at the Ohio Liberal Society could file his appeal, he was whisked away to the penitentiary. The Ohio Liberal Society and an African-American newspaper, "The Lexington Standard", edited by R.C.O. Benjamin, fought for Moore's release. There is no indication which group managed to be successful in their efforts, but Ohio's former governor, President William McKinley, ended up commuting Moore's sentence to six months, with one month off for good behavior. Moore was released from prison in July 1899. His autobiography, mostly written in prison, is called "Behind the Bars; 31498".
Moore's legacy is that of a father of American atheism. His "Blue Grass Blade" was widely circulated, gaining him notoriety among the religious and non-religious alike. He helped to promote arguments against much that is contained in the Bible, for example, geological evidence that Earth existed far before the date of October 23, 4004 BC, calculated by James Ussher from the Old Testament. His legal trials helped establish precedents in free speech law, as it relates to religious dissent.
Moore died at his homestead, Quaker Acre, just outside Lexington, on February 7, 1906 after a long illness. News accounts declared that thousands attended his funeral. Orations were given by J.B. Wilson, of Cincinnati, President of the National Liberal Party, noted suffragist, Josephine K. Henry, and close friend, Moses Kaufman. Rumors of a deathbed conversion made a few newspapers, but many quoted his wife as saying that Moore had died as he had lived. His publisher, James Edward Hughes, made sure the "Blue Grass Blade" survived him and in January 1908 it became a boisterous 16-page magazine featuring portraits and photographs of prominent and local freethinkers, scientists, and skeptics on the cover until budget constraints forced it to revert to text in May 1909. The following December, more money woes led the "Blade" to degrade to its original 4-page format. The last known issue of Moore's beloved "Blue Grass Blade" was published on August 21, 1910.
Charles Chilton Moore is buried in Lexington, Kentucky. His epitaph reads: "Write me as one who loves his fellow man."

</doc>
<doc id="2889064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889064" title="C. C. Moore">
C. C. Moore

C. C. Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889068" title="Calandrinia">
Calandrinia

Calandrinia is a plant genus that contains many species of purslane, including the redmaids. The genus was named for Jean Louis Calandrini, an 18th-century Swiss botanist. It includes around 150 species of annual herbs which bear colorful flowers in shades of red to purple and white. Plants of this genus are native to Australia, Chile, and western North America.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2889071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889071" title="Winchfield railway station">
Winchfield railway station

Winchfield railway station is located in the small village of Winchfield and serves Hartley Wintney and other surrounding villages in Hampshire, England. There are two platforms on the outer pair of tracks while the centre pair of tracks have no platforms and are used by fast services between London, the South Coast and the Westcountry.
Most services to and from this station terminate at either Basingstoke or London Waterloo and run every half hour during the weekday and every hour at the weekends.
History.
The London and South Western Railway (then London and Southampton railway) built a line from London to Southampton via Basingstoke. The railway arrived from Woking on 24 September 1838, and Winchfield station was opened as "Shapley Heath" as a temporary terminus. On 10 June the following year, the line was completed to Basingstoke and Shapley Heath became a through station. It was soon renamed as "Winchfield" after the village; the precise date of this is unknown, but it occurred by November 1840.
As with Hook and Farnborough Main, there is a wide gap between the platforms and their tracks. Originally an island platform stood in between them, but these have been removed. When the station was expanded so this platform could be built, one of the platforms was removed and rebuilt further away. Consequently, the current platforms have different style canopies.

</doc>
<doc id="2889079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889079" title="Tribune Entertainment">
Tribune Entertainment

Tribune Entertainment was a television production and syndication company that was owned by the Tribune Broadcasting division of the Tribune Company. Many programs offered from Tribune Entertainment have been broadcast on the company's television stations.
Tribune returned to television production in 2013 with the launch of a new, though unrelated, production division Tribune Studios that would produce original programming for Tribune-owned cable channel WGN America, in addition to developing programs for national distribution on broadcast television stations.
Background.
Beginnings.
Tribune Entertainment was founded in 1980. The first programs that Tribune distributed for syndication were the agricultural news program "U.S. Farm Report", which debuted in 1975; and "Independent Network News", a syndicated news program designed for Independent stations that was produced by Tribune's New York City station WPIX and debuted in 1980. Throughout the company's existence, Tribune Entertainment mainly produced first-run syndicated programs (including "Geraldo", "At the Movies" and ""), along with some specials (such as the "Hollywood Christmas Parade" and "Soul Train Music Awards").
On December 18, 2007, the Tribune Company announced it would exit the program distribution business, effectively shutting down Tribune Entertainment. Two of the programs on its roster, "American Idol Rewind" and "Soul Train", were transferred to Trifecta Entertainment & Media; rights to "Rewind" were later moved to TV Guide Network, while "Soul Train" suspended distribution to local stations (cable channel Centric now carries the program, through new rightsholder MadVision Entertainment).
The Comedy Central series "South Park", which Tribune distributed for syndication in conjunction with Debmar-Mercury, is now co-distributed by Twentieth Television. Another program, the revival of "Family Feud", was sold to Debmar-Mercury in 2007. Some producers of Tribune-distributed programs, such as Telco Productions (producer of "Animal Rescue", "Missing" and "Dog Tales"), opted to distribute the programs themselves.
The only other program that was affected was "U.S. Farm Report", which as it involves personalities from Tribune's Chicago radio station WGN Radio and still had a loyal audience, moved to the cable channel RFD-TV. Tribune Entertainment syndicated and produced shows from/with DiC, Village Roadshow and other producers. Tribune continues to syndicate some programming among its owned-and-operated stations, most commonly parades and holiday specials.
Return to syndication.
In 2010, Tribune announced that it was considering a re-entry into the syndication market with two new talk shows: one a tabloid-style show hosted by Bubba the Love Sponge, and another, "Big Willie" (since renamed "The Bill Cunningham Show"), hosted by radio host Bill Cunningham. Both programs filmed pilot episodes which have aired in late night time periods on several Tribune stations. Only Cunningham's show received a pick-up by Tribune. Initially, "The Bill Cunningham Show" aired exclusively on Tribune's stations as well as select stations owned by Local TV and Raycom Media during the 2011-12 season, then moved to The CW the following year.
Tribune Studios.
On November 17, 2006 Tribune Entertainment registered a U.S. federal trademark for Tribune Studios. In 2008, it sold this division for $125 million to Hudson Capital, LLC, who renamed it Sunset Bronson Studios. The Tribune Studios trademark and Tribune Entertainment are not to be confused with the new production company Tribune Studios created in 2013 by Tribune Broadcasting.
Programs by Tribune Entertainment.
This is a listing of programs which were either produced and/or distributed by Tribune Entertainment:

</doc>
<doc id="2889083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889083" title="Mark Mangino">
Mark Mangino

Mark Thomas Mangino (August 26, 1956) is an American football coach. He is the offensive coordinator at Iowa State. Previously, Mangino was the head coach of the Kansas Jayhawks college football team from 2002 to 2009. In 2007, Mangino received several National Coach of the Year honors after leading the Jayhawks to their first 12-win season in school history. Prior to coaching the Jayhawks, Mangino held assistant-coach positions at other universities, including Kansas State and Oklahoma. On December 3, 2009, amid increasing public pressure on the university due to allegations of chronic and harsh mistreatment of his student-players, Mangino and the University of Kansas agreed on a monetary settlement in exchange for his immediate resignation as Jayhawks head coach.
Early life.
Mangino was born and raised in New Castle, Pennsylvania. After high school, he was offered a football scholarship at Youngstown State. Mangino played semi-pro baseball in western Pennsylvania until he became an EMT. In his late 20's he returned to Youngstown State to complete his studies and earn his degree.
Coaching career.
Early positions.
Mangino graduated from Youngstown State University in 1987, serving as an assistant coach there in his last two years under then-head coach Jim Tressel. He also coached at Lincoln High School in Ellwood City, Pennsylvania and at Geneva College, before being hired as an assistant coach at Kansas State University in 1991. Prior to the 1999 season, Mangino left Kansas State to take an assistant position at the University of Oklahoma. While there, he served as the offensive coordinator for the team that beat Florida State for the 2000 national championship. Following that season, he was awarded the Frank Broyles Award as the nation's top assistant coach.
Kansas.
Mangino was hired as Kansas head football coach in December 2001. The program had not posted a winning season in any of the 6 seasons prior to his arrival. In 2003, his second season at KU, Mangino led the Jayhawks to an appearance in the 2003 Tangerine Bowl (now known as the Champs Sports Bowl). This was the first bowl appearance for Kansas since 1995. In 2005, his fourth season at KU, the team finished the regular season 6–5, to post its first winning record under Mangino, and went on to the Fort Worth Bowl, its second bowl game in three seasons. Among the Jayhawks' wins was a 40-15 victory over Nebraska, breaking a losing streak that had begun in 1969, which was the second-longest such streak of consecutive losses in NCAA history. The same year Mangino also built a defense that ranked 11th nationally (based on yards allowed per game) and featured third-team All-American and Big 12 Conference Defensive Player of the Year linebacker Nick Reid. The 2005 team also ranked 6th nationally in total punts. In 2007, Mangino coached the Jayhawks to a 12-1 record and the 2008 Orange Bowl (their first ever BCS appearance). Mangino's defense was ranked 12th in the nation, and 4th in scoring defense. On the other side of the ball, the Jayhawks finished 2nd in scoring offense.
Following the win against the Iowa State Cyclones, Mark Mangino became the first KU football coach with a winning career record since Jack Mitchell in 1966. While at Kansas, Mangino led the Jayhawks to 19 consecutive weeks ranked in the AP and/or USA Today polls (2007–08), 20 consecutive wins in a 2-year period for the first time in school history, set home attendance average records in each of the last 4 seasons (2004–2008), led KU to its first appearance in national polls since 1996 and to the school’s highest ranking ever at #2, produced the top 3 total offense seasons in school history, the top two passing seasons and two of the top three scoring seasons and won three Bowl games—the same number they had won in their 102-year history combined prior to his arrival. 
With 50 victories, Mangino has the second-most victories in Kansas coaching history.
2007 Coach of the Year awards.
For his accomplishments in 2007, he was named the 2007 National Coach of the Year by the Associated Press, ESPN/ABC, The Sporting News, Football Writers Association, Walter Camp Football Foundation, National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, American Football Coaches Association, the Maxwell Football Club (George Munger Award), and he has been named the Woody Hayes National Coach of the Year. He was named the Big 12 Coach of the Year by the Big 12 Coaches and Big 12 Co-Coach of the Year by the Associated Press. Upon winning these Coach of the Year awards, he became the only NCAA coach in history to win both the Frank Broyles Award as the nation's top assistant coach and all the major National Coach of the Year awards.
Player successes.
Mangino has coached numerous players who have won honors including Heisman runners-up Josh Heupel and Michael Bishop, and Outland Trophy winner Jammal Brown. Mangino has coached 32 NFL players, 73 All-Big 12 players, and two players named "Big 12 Offensive Newcomer of the Year." Over 20 of his former players are now coaching.
Controversy.
Lincoln High controversy.
After going 1-9 in his first season as the head coach of Lincoln High School in Ellwood City, Pennsylvania, a group of parents went to the school board and demanded his firing because of his "language, and harsh approach to people". The board elected not to fire Mangino, but he left the school after only one year and did not complete the year as a teacher.
High school referee incident.
On September 21, 2002, Mangino yelled at the officiating crew assigned to the Lawrence High School–Olathe East football game in which Mangino's son, Tommy, was playing. Mangino apparently became angry after referees failed to call what he believed was a late hit on Tommy, the Lawrence High quarterback.
Lawrence High School officials took undisclosed action against Mangino after the game for violating a Kansas High School rule barring abuse of game officials by coaches, players and fans.
2004 Kansas–Texas game.
In 2004, Mangino paid a $5,000 fine for suggesting that officials acted with favoritism in a questionable offensive pass interference call that affected the outcome of a game against Texas. Mangino implied that money and a BCS berth for the Big 12 Conference influenced the officials to make a call in favor of Texas. He and athletic director Lew Perkins issued public apologies the day after the incident.
NCAA penalties and probation.
In 2005, the university self-reported to the NCAA that five major rules violations—including academic fraud—had been committed by some of the football team's student-athletes. In 2006, these major violations, along with four others that has allegedly occurred in other KU sports programs, contributed to the NCAA charging the athletics department displaying a "lack of institutional control". A graduate assistant was found to have supplied answers for some of the correspondence courses taken by some prospective recruits from junior colleges. As a result, the football program's ability to recruit players transferring in from junior college was reduced for two years; and, the program lost two scholarships for each of the 2007 and 2008 seasons.
Raimond Pendleton incident.
During the first game of the 2007 season in which the University of Kansas beat Central Michigan University, KU's Raimond Pendleton ran a CMU punt back 77 yards for a touchdown; but, as he approached the endzone, he slowed down in order to jump into it in a dramatic fashion. The officials threw a penalty flag for "excessive celebration", and gave the Jayhawks a 15-yard, "unsportsmanlike conduct" penalty that forced KU to kick off 15 yards closer to their own endzone. When Pendleton returned to the sideline, an irate Mangino took Pendleton aside and gave him an expletive-laden tongue-lashing. The incident was caught on video, and transmitted by local TV stations in the Topeka and Kansas City areas, eventually finding a wider audience after a copy of it was uploaded to YouTube. Pendleton afterward downplayed the incident, saying that he deserved it.
Internal investigations.
A separate investigation was conducted in 2007, related to Mangino's repeated parking tickets on campus and alleged verbal abuse and negative behavior toward campus staff issuing those tickets. In November 2009, the recurring issue of Mangino's chronic, alleged misconduct towards his players became the subject of an internal investigation by the University of Kansas Athletic Department. He was formally accused of boorish and violent actions. National sports media coverage of this increased already-mounting public pressure on the university to terminate Mangino's employment. After a prolonged period of negotiations, the university and Mangino's attorneys agreed on the buy-out amount that was large enough to secure his quiet resignation in December 2009.
Head coaching record.
"Sources": 

</doc>
<doc id="2889086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889086" title="Big Red (drink)">
Big Red (drink)

Big Red is a soft drink created in 1937 by Grover C. Thomsen and R.H. Roark in Waco, Texas and originally known as Sun Tang Red Cream Soda. It is generally classified as an American variety of cream soda which is almond in flavor, and it is the original "red cream soda." The name was changed to "Sun Tang Big Red Cream Soda" in 1959, and to "Big Red" in 1969 by Harold Jansing, then president of the San Antonio bottling plant, after hearing a golf caddy refer to the soda by that name. 
Until the late 1970s, Big Red was marketed exclusively in Central and South Texas and around Louisville, Kentucky, including parts of Southern Indiana. The drink is highly popular in the Southern United States and is well known for its unique taste and red color. Its unique taste, though often thought to be bubble gum, is created by mixing orange and lemon oils with the traditional vanilla used in other cream sodas. Big Red is produced and distributed by various independent soft drink bottlers including Dr Pepper Snapple Group, CCE, and Pepsi Bottling Group under license from Big Red, Inc., based in Austin, Texas.
Big Red was the sixth-highest selling soft drink company in the United States from 2002–2004, after Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Dr Pepper/7Up, Cott, and National Beverage Company. As a preeminent red creme soda in the South, it is a staple of many Juneteenth celebrations.
In 2007, Big Red Ltd. was purchased by Gary Smith with the backing from Citigroup Venture Capital and Goldman Sachs. Gary Smith now serves as the Chairman and CEO of Big Red and All Sport, Inc. In 2008, Dr Pepper Snapple Group purchased a minority interest in Big Red, Inc. Dr Pepper distributes almost 80% of the product that Big Red sells annually. Although the production facility is still in Waco, Texas In 2009 Big Red relocated their corporate headquarters to Austin, TX.
Big Red is imported into the United Kingdom by American Soda and PS Foods Ltd http://www.psfoods.co.uk/. The drink can also be purchased online.
Ingredients.
Carbonated water, high fructose corn syrup, natural and artificial flavor, red #40, citric acid, and caffeine.
The diet version, Big Red Zero, is sweetened with sucralose, aspartame, and acesulfame in place of corn syrup.

</doc>
<doc id="2889090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889090" title="Hook railway station">
Hook railway station

Hook station serves the town of Hook and surrounding villages in Hampshire, southern England. There are two platforms serving the outer pair of tracks while the centre pair of tracks have no platforms and are used by fast services between the South Coast and the West Country. Platform One also has a small cafe.
Most services to and from this station terminate at either Basingstoke or London Waterloo and run every half hour during the weekday and every hour at the weekends.
The railway station is situated next to a Tesco superstore and is located within a 5-minute walk of Hook.
History.
The railway that runs through Hook was built in 1839, but Hook only got its railway station in 1883 after a lengthy campaign by local landowners. It was built by London and South Western Railway in their typical style. It was built with two platforms and two tracks, but was expanded to four platforms and tracks in 1901-2 as Hook grew in size. The middle island platform was removed around the 1960s but its tracks still survive.
In 1940, a bomb landed on the tracks a little way from the station. Worried it could damage the tracks, six soldiers were called to dispose of the bomb. Unfortunately, the bomb went off killing the six soldiers and injuring their sergeant. A group of local people have arranged to have a memorial plaque to them displayed in the station.

</doc>
<doc id="2889092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889092" title="Technirama">
Technirama

Technirama is a screen process that has been used by some film production houses as an alternative to CinemaScope. It was first used in 1957 but fell into disuse in the mid-1960s. The process was invented by Technicolor and is an anamorphic process with a screen ratio the same as revised CinemaScope (2.35:1) (which became the standard), but it's actually 2.55:1 on the negative.
__NOTOC__
Technical.
The Technirama process used a film area twice that of CinemaScope, which created a sharper, less grainy picture. Cameras used 35-mm film running horizontally with an 8-perforation frame, double the normal size, exactly the same as VistaVision. VistaVision cameras were sometimes adapted. Technirama used a 1.5:1 anamorphic optic in front of the lens in order to stretch the vertical image (unlike CinemaScope adapters and lenses which squeezed the horizontal image). To achieve the required wider format, lenses of shorter focal-length had to be used. In the laboratory, the 8-perforation horizontal negative would be reduced optically, incorporating a 1.33:1 horizontal squeeze to create normal 4-perforation (vertically running) prints with images having an anamorphic ratio of 2:1, the same as CinemaScope. These prints could be shown with the same projection lenses as CinemaScope productions but would have greatly improved clarity owing to the double-sized camera negative.
Just as VistaVision had a few flagship engagements using 8-perf horizontal contact prints and special horizontal-running projectors, there is a bit of evidence that horizontal prints were envisioned for Technirama as well (probably with 4-track magnetic sound as in CinemaScope), but to what extent this was ever done commercially, if at all, remains unclear.
The name Super Technirama 70 was used on films where the shooting was done in Technirama and at least some prints were made on 70-mm stock by unsqueezing the image. Such prints would be compatible with those made by such 65-mm negative processes as Todd-AO and Super Panavision. The quality would have been very good but perhaps a bit less than those processes, because the negative was not quite as large and needed to be printed optically.
Technicolor had roughly 12 of its famous Three-Strip cameras, obsolete after 1955, the final year for any Three-Strip Technicolor production, converted into VistaVision cameras, using camera movements supplied by Mitchell Camera Corporation, the supplier, in 1932, of the original Three-Strip camera movements. After the delivery, by Mitchell Camera Corporation, in 1956, of the Mitchell VistaVision cameras, the Technicolor Three-Strip conversions became immediately obsolete, and were, therefore, surplus to Technicolor's operations. These converted Three-Strip VistaVision cameras thereafter became the standard Technirama cameras, which were subsequently supplemented by a few Paramount hand-held VistaVision cameras which had been fitted with anamorphic optics.
The logistical advantage of using 35mm film, end-to-end, should not be underestimated.
A few 8-perf titles have been preserved on 65mm film, but most have been preserved on 35mm film or are considered unprintable.
The color was enhanced through the use of a special development process that was used to good effect in the films "The Vikings" (1958) and "The Music Man" (1962). However, fewer than 40 films were produced using this process in the United States. It was more popular and longer-lasting in Europe. Walt Disney Productions used the process twice for full length animated features: "Sleeping Beauty" (1959), and "The Black Cauldron" (1985). The 2008 DVD and Blu-ray Disc release of Walt Disney's "Sleeping Beauty" was shown at its true CinemaScope aspect-ratio of 2.55:1 for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="2889098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889098" title="Calathea">
Calathea

Calathea is a genus of plants belonging to the family Marantaceae. There are several dozen species in this genus. Native to the tropical Americas, many of the species are popular as pot plants due to their decorative leaves and, in some species, colorful inflorescences. They are commonly called calatheas or (like their relatives) prayer plants. There are several cultivars, such as 'Silver Plate'.
In its native range, the large and tough leaves are popular for holding small items. Sometimes, they are used unprocessed, e.g. to wrap fish for transport in parts of Brazil, such as the Benevides region of Pará. In other places, the leaves are used in handicraft to produce containers, such as the quivers of the Nukak people of Colombia. Most famous, perhaps, are the decorative "Calathea"-leaf rice containers produced in some villages of Thailand, especially in Ban Huak (Amphoe Si Bun Rueang) where they are an important source of income and sold to locals and tourists alike.
"Calathea" foliage is of importance to some herbivores, such as the caterpillars of the Purple Owl ("Caligo beltrao") which feed on "C. zebrina". For a list of "Calathea" diseases, see List of foliage plant diseases (Maranthaceae).
Due to habitat destruction, several species are threatened with extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="2889107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889107" title="Elvira Mendes">
Elvira Mendes

Elvira Mendes, sometimes called "Geloria Menéndez" (died 2 December 1022), was Queen of León (1008–1022).
She was one of the daughters of count Menendo González, the First Count of Portugal and co-regent of León, descended from the highest nobility of Portugal and Galicia. Mendes married King Alfonso V of León and was the mother of King Bermudo III of León and Queen Sancha of León.
References.
<references>

</doc>
<doc id="2889121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889121" title="1991 in Australia">
1991 in Australia

1991- The Gulf War In 1991 Australia sent troops to assist the United Nations with the Gulf War.
See also:
Events.
The Federal Government's monthly deficit blew out to more than 1.2 billion dollars.
ACTU President Martin Ferguson says Labor Party should get on with the job of governing and stop petty leadership disputes.

</doc>
<doc id="2889122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889122" title="Angelo Argea">
Angelo Argea

Angelo Argea (November 7, 1929 – October 10, 2005) was best known as the caddy for Jack Nicklaus.
Argea was born in Greece. He and Nicklaus first met at the Palm Springs Classic in 1963, when Argea signed up to caddy for him. Argea continued to caddy for Nicklaus for over 20 years. During this time, he was on the bag for 44 of Nicklaus' 70 PGA Tour wins (that tally would later be revised to 73 when British Open wins were added to PGA Tour win records). Argea was easily recognizable by his gray afro. Of Argea, Nicklaus has remarked, "Essentially, he has been retired since he was twenty-one."
A golfer once noticed that Argea didn't read greens, step off the yardage or select clubs, so he asked Argea, "What exactly do you do for Jack?" Argea replied, "He asked me to do two things. When he's not playing well, one, remind him that he's the best golfer out there. And two, that there's plenty of holes left."
"Angelo was known for his ... gray afro, but he should also be known for being an excellent caddie," Nicklaus said.
He was inducted into the PCA Worldwide Caddy Hall of Fame in 1999. Argea died of liver cancer at age 75.

</doc>
<doc id="2889131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889131" title="Jableh">
Jableh

Jableh ( ""), also spelt "Jebleh", "Jabala", "Jablah" or "Gabala", is a coastal city on the Mediterranean in Syria, 25 km north of Baniyas and 25 km south of Latakia, with c. 80,000 inhabitants (2008). 
Jableh was part of the Principality of Antioch, one of the Crusader States, until it was captured by Saladin in 1189 during the Third Crusade. One famous resident was Hugh of Jabala, the city's bishop, who reported the fall of Edessa to Pope Eugene III, and was the first person to speak of Prester John. 
The city is home to the tomb and the mosque of Sultan Ibrahim Bin Adham, a famous Sufi mystic who renounced his throne and devoted himself to prayers for the rest of his life.
Jableh has a beach named in the local language (Al-Kurnish), where people come and meet to enjoy the cold beer and water pipe in that incredible view of the sea. 
Jableh is the home town of the Syrian pioneer of modern Arabic poetry Adunis who was one of the first Arabic poets. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adunis. 
Jableh is also the home town of the world-champion swimmer Firas Mouala, who swam from Latakia to Cyprus (almost 90 km distance): . 
The city is the home town of Izz ad-Din al-Qassam, a famous Islamic figure who fought against the French Colonization in Syria, and then moved to Palestine where he led an armed rebellion against the British authorities and terror acts againts the Jewish population.
In antiquity Jableh was an important Roman city, one of the main remains of this period is an amphitheatre, capable of housing c. 7,000 spectators. Near the seashores even older remains were found dating to the Iron Age or Phoenician Era.
Less than 1 kilometer of the city centre lies the ancient site of Gibala, today known as Tell Tweini. This city was inhabited from the third millennium BCE until the Persian period.
Economy.
The majority of people in Jableh depend on agriculture for their life, people grow orange and lemon trees, olives, a large number of green houses for vegetables can be found in the country side. In the center of the city people work in trad and there are small factories in the city for cottons and for making orange juice.
Sports.
Jableh Sporting Club is a football club based in Jableh. The club plays its games in the Al-Baath Stadium, which has a seating capacity of 10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2889134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889134" title="Calcareous">
Calcareous

Calcareous is an adjective meaning mostly or partly composed of calcium carbonate, in other words, containing lime or being chalky. The term is used in a wide variety of scientific disciplines.
In zoology.
"Calcareous" is used as an adjectival term applied to anatomical structures which are made primarily of calcium carbonate, in animals such as gastropods, i.e., snails, specifically about such structures as the operculum, the clausilium, and the love dart.
The term also applies to the calcium carbonate tests of often more or less microscopic Foraminifera. Note that not all tests are calcareous; diatoms and radiolaria have siliceous tests.
The Molluscs are calcareous, as are Calcareous sponges are sponges (Porifera), that have spicules which are made of calcium carbonate.
In botany.
Calcareous grassland is a form of grassland characteristic of soils containing a lot of calcium carbonate from underlying chalk or limestone rock. Species of algae such as the green-segmented genus Halimeda are calcareous.
In medicine.
The term is used in medicine in pathology, for example in "calcareous conjunctivitis" and "calcareous metastasis".
In geology.
The term calcareous can be applied to a sediment, sedimentary rock, or soil type which is formed from, or contains a high proportion of, calcium carbonate in the form of calcite or aragonite.
Marine sediments.
Calcareous sediments are usually deposited in shallow water near land, since the carbonate is precipitated by marine organisms that need land-derived nutrients. Generally speaking, the farther from land sediments fall, the less calcareous they are. Some areas can have interbedded calcareous sediments due to storms, or changes in ocean currents.
Calcareous ooze is a form of calcium carbonate derived from planktonic organisms that accumulates on the sea floor. This can only occur if the ocean is shallower than the carbonate compensation depth (CCD). Below this depth, calcium carbonate begins to dissolve in the ocean, and only non-calcareous sediments are stable, such as siliceous ooze or red clay.
Calcareous soils.
Calcareous soils are relatively alkaline, in other words they have a high pH. This is because of the very weak acidity of carbonic acid. Note that this is not the only reason for a high soil pH. They are characterized by the presence of calcium carbonate in the parent material and may have a Calcic horizon, a layer of secondary accumulation of carbonates (usually Ca or Mg) in excess of 15% calcium carbonate equivalent and at least 5% more carbonate than an underlying layer.
In electrochemistry.
Calcareous coatings, or calcareous deposits, are mixtures of calcium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide that are deposited on cathodically protected surfaces because of the increased pH adjacent to the surface.
List of calcareous lakes.
Thompson Pond

</doc>
<doc id="2889137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889137" title="Tynedale local elections">
Tynedale local elections

Tynedale Council is elected every four years.
Political control.
No overall control 1973 - 1976
Independent 1976 - 1979
No overall control 1979 - 2003
Conservative 2003 - present

</doc>
<doc id="2889152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889152" title="Marcellus Hartley Dodge, Jr.">
Marcellus Hartley Dodge, Jr.

Marcellus Hartley Dodge, Jr. (July 29, 1908 – August 29, 1930) was the heir to the Remington-Rockefeller fortune who died in a car accident in France. He lived at Giralda Farms in Madison, New Jersey.
Life.
He was born in Madison, New Jersey to Ethel Geraldine Rockefeller and Marcellus Hartley Dodge, Sr. 
He was a grandson of William A. Rockefeller, Jr., co-founder of Standard Oil, great-grandson of Remington Arms Company founder Marcellus Hartley, and grandnephew of Standard Oil's other co-founder, John D. Rockefeller. Dodge was often referred to as "Hartley." 
Dodge was instantly killed in an automobile accident on August 29, 1930, when his automobile struck a tree on the Bayonne-Bordeaux road in Mogesca, France shortly after his graduation from Princeton University in June 1930, where he played football. The car caught fire and two passing motorists, Henri Dupin, and Paul Theau, pulled out Dodge's dead body, and the still living Ralph Applegate. Dodge's carotid artery had been severed, and the car engine was pushed against the back seat. Marcellus Hartley Dodge, Sr. went to the site of the accident and looked at the car and talked to the two men who pulled the bodies out of the wreck. His mother, Geraldine, had sent him there as a diversion from his hobby of aviation, which she felt was too dangerous. He was buried at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery in Sleepy Hollow, New York.
Legacy.
His parents provided for the Dodge Gateway on Princeton's campus in 1933 in his memory. In addition, the Dodges contributed to the construction of the gymnasium at Columbia University that is also named in his honor, the Marcellus Hartley Dodge Physical Fitness Center. Dodge's mother also gave Madison, New Jersey the Hartley Dodge Memorial Building that was dedicated on Memorial Day, Thursday, May 30, 1935 to house its police department. This building now houses Madison's Borough Hall. He also is the namesake of the memorial donated by his mother at the Great Swamp, which was founded with extensive efforts by his father.

</doc>
<doc id="2889154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889154" title="Naomi Robson">
Naomi Robson

Naomi Robson (born 31 August 1963) is an Australian television presenter who is best known as the former presenter of the east coast edition of "Today Tonight", an Australian current affairs program which was broadcast on weeknights on the Seven Network, from 1997 to 2006. She now presents an internet chat show offering relationship and dating advice.
Early life.
Robson was born in Los Angeles, California in the United States, but as a child she travelled around the world due to her father's work, spending most of her time between Australia and Britain. She eventually settled in Australia and began a Bachelor of Arts degree at La Trobe University in Melbourne, planning on majoring in archaeology and modern art. After two years Robson dropped out of university to pursue her passion for photojournalism.
Over the next few years Robson worked in numerous positions, including being an assistant to photojournalists and a copywriter for an advertising agency. She then took a working trip to London, during which she worked as a journalist and as an editorial assistant for a magazine publishing house. After three years in London she returned to Australia and, in 1989, became an assistant editor and feature writer for "Personal Success" magazine.
Television presenter.
In 1990 Robson joined "Seven News", initially as a general news reporter but three weeks later she was promoted to presenting news on "Tonight Live" fronted by comedian Steve Vizard. She also presented "Seven's Late News" as well as Seven's weekend news bulletins and also reported for the current affairs program "Real Life". She was also the summer presenter for the program.
Robson went to the United States in 1995 but shortly returned to Australia to present "Our Victoria", a travel show for the Victorian market. She also co-hosted "Seven's News At Five" with Peter Ford in Melbourne. In 1997 she became the presenter of the Melbourne version of "Today Tonight". The program was later extended to Sydney and Brisbane, with Robson as presenter. Figures from the ratings research firm OzTAM indicate that she had a nightly audience of more than one million people across the three capital cities.
Suggestions surfaced on 22 November 2006 that she would leave "Today Tonight" at the end of the year. She confirmed this on 27 November, saying she would pursue her career in other areas of television. She said "2006 hasn't been the easiest of years". She presented her last show on 1 December 2006. Her replacement, Anna Coren, was named six weeks later. 
In January 2007 it was reported that Robson had persuaded Channel Seven executives to extend her contract with the network so that she could compete in the sixth series of "Dancing with the Stars". On 13 March 2007 she was part of the third couple voted off the program. Later in the year, Seven executives were reported in the press saying that Robson would be given her own "Oprah Winfrey" style program where she would have an "opportunity to show off the caring side of her personality".
Robson was then sacked after the network refused to pick up her pilot, however she returned to narrate Seven's factual series "Surf Patrol" in mid-2008.
In September 2009, Robson appeared as a presenter with Larry Emdur on Seven's "The Morning Show", standing in for Kylie Gillies, who was taking a week off.
Controversy.
Robson has been the subject of a number of unfavourable media reports and controversies.
A number of critical descriptions of Robson have been dismissed by her or her representatives as distortions or fabrications by rival journalists. In particular, when "The Daily Telegraph" alleged that other reporters called her a "princess" overly concerned with her appearance, Robson herself denied the allegations. When "The Australian" cited a source describing her as a "cold, waspish, punishment-oriented, dominatrix", "Today Tonight" producer Neil Mooney described the story as "attempted character assassination ... based on fiction". However, an off-air outburst that was recorded and later broadcast by the Triple J radio station, did provoke a public apology by Robson.
In March 2006 information surfaced that Robson had a brief relationship with a drug dealer and the primary informant in the Tony Mokbel drug trial. Mokbel's counsel, Con Heliotis, QC, spoke during pre-trial submissions of evidence that Robson was supplied cocaine though this was never discussed during the trial. Robson refuted these claims stating that they had a "short-lived association" and that he "had totally misrepresented himself". She referred to the drug allegations as "a pack of lies" and stated that she was "extremely anti-drugs".
In September 2006 while reporting on the death of Steve Irwin she appeared on air wearing khaki and with a lizard on her shoulder. Several months later Robson described the incident as a mistake, but that it was not her idea to wear the shirt or the reptile and she was not comfortable with it at the time.
In September 2006, Robson and her crew were detained in Indonesia after arriving in the country with tourist visas to film a story on a boy they believed was in danger of being killed by cannibals. They were later deported.
In early 2010, Robson's manager, Max Markson, made several attempts to remove comments about these controversies from Wikipedia, describing the article on Robson as "libellous". Wikipedia editors responded with concerns that Markson's edits were biased and in contravention of Wikipedia guidelines. The incident attracted media coverage, drawing further attention to the controversies (the so-called Streisand effect).
In August 2010, Robson appeared in a promotion for pay-TV screenings of "The Chaser's War on Everything", her former critics, in the form of a mock interview.

</doc>
<doc id="2889155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889155" title="Federated States of Micronesia national football team">
Federated States of Micronesia national football team

The Federated States of Micronesia national football team is the national team of the Federated States of Micronesia and is controlled by the Federated States of Micronesia Football Association. The team is not a member of FIFA, or a regional confederation, and therefore cannot compete in the World Cup. The team was managed by Paul Watson, brother of British comedian Mark Watson, and mainly competes in the South Pacific Games.
Selected internationals.
As of 3 January 2004:

</doc>
<doc id="2889160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889160" title="Mozart in Egypt">
Mozart in Egypt

Mozart in Egypt is a 1997 album by various artists, and arranged by French musician Hughes de Courson. It represents a fusion of Mozart's work with the sounds, rhythms and instruments typical of contemporary Egyptian music.The album saw considerable success in continental Europe, especially France, but had only limited success elsewhere. In August 2005 a second volume (ASIN B0009PEYVW) was released in Europe only, entitled Mozart in Egypt 2.

</doc>
<doc id="2889163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889163" title="José Guadalupe Posada Museum">
José Guadalupe Posada Museum

The José Guadalupe Posada Museum is located in the Mexican city of Aguascalientes, capital of the State of Aguascalientes, and birthplace of the graphic artist José Guadalupe Posada. The Museum displays the original signed printed plates with which he created his graphic images.
The museum.
The Museum opened in 1972 and is run jointly by the state and federal governments. It is housed in what was the priest's cloisters and residence, in front of the gardens and a colonial fountain, and immediately next to the beautiful 18th century baroque Church of "El Señor del Encino" (Our Lord of the Oak, for a Black Crist made of oak, worshiped in the church), in the Triana historic colonial neighbourhood. The Museum is not large and there is no bookstore or gift shop (2004).
It is possible to see the artist's hand at work on the plates, which brings a sense of immediacy to the viewer, and reaches across the centuries, putting the viewer in touch with the artist. One is struck by the small size of some of the plates, especially if one is familiar with his images, which are often re-printed monumentally. The Museum itself features a few life-size cut-outs of some of his famous personages. It is a mark of the true excellence of his work that these small images, originally intended for newspaper or broadside publication, do not suffer by being blown up in size.
The collection features original plates for printing the broadsides, from its permanent collection, as well as changing exhibits of Posada's work. Also included in the collection are a number of extant broadsides which Posada created, his covers for a series of storybooks and song collections as well as engravings by a Posada predecessor, Manuel Manilla. There are two other galleries devoted to changing exhibits as well as a display of antique engraving equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="2889167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889167" title="Bald Hill (Australia)">
Bald Hill (Australia)

Bald Hill is a hill on the Illawarra Range, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. With an elevation of approximately AMSL, Bald Hill is one of the best known and most popular lookouts in the Illawarra region providing panoramic vistas across the Illawarra escarpment and over the Illawarra plain and the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean. 
The nature reserve on the hill is internationally renown as a major hang gliding and paragliding site. It was on the beach below Bald Hill that Lawrence Hargrave, an Australian pioneer of flight, experimented with box kites in the early part of the 20th century. A memorial cairn dedicated to Hargrave is located at the peak of the hill near the carpark. 
Geography.
The hill is actually a tall headland, forming the northern end of the Illawarra escarpment. Stony Batter, just north of Bald Hill, forms a sandstone outcrop peak to the coastal ridge and has equally good views, reached by a track from Bald Hill Lookout that enters the Royal National Park to a small way in. The coastal ridge continues north, forming the Otford and Bulgo hill formations; the escarpment itself turns into the white cliffs of the Royal National Park.
From Bald Hill Lookout there is a 360-degree view. Northwest is Stanwell Tops and Undola Ridge, which Bald Hill is the eastern tip of, and the Royal National Park. The hills of the Royal National Park make way in the northeast for Stony Batter, accessed via a short track. To the far north from Stony Batter and Bald Hill views of the Royal National Park's white cliffs are seen, and a sharp drop to the Tasman Sea lies to the east. To the south is Stanwell Park and Mount Mitchell, about above sea level, and the Illawarra escarpment south to Saddleback Mountain and beyond to Jervis Bay.
Stanwell Park Reserve and Bald Hill history.
Aboriginal history.
The traditional custodians of the land surrounding Bald Hill are the Australian Aboriginal Tharawal people.
European history.
Bald Hill was granted to Matthew Gibbons in 1832 by Governor Bourke. Campbell Mitchell bought Bald Hill and Stanwell Park from Gibbons and in 1871; with Mitchell leasing the northern end of his land to Justice Hargrave, the father of Lawrence Hargrave. Justice Hargrave subsequently became entitled to extending from Bald Hill down to Stanwell Creek. In 1872, Mitchell went bankrupt and was forced to sell his of land to Justice Hargrave for £. Justice Hargrave had ownership of Otford, Stanwell Park and the Coal Cliffs as far as . When Justice Hargrave died in 1885, his land was distributed between his children. 
Lawrence Hargrave lived at the house known as 'Hillcrest' between 1893-1899, after inheriting the property from his brother. Lawrence Hargrave created many of his monoplanes and cellular kites while at 'Hillcrest'. The estate remained in the Hargrave family until 1940, when it was purchased by Colin Campbell and his wife. In 1949, Mrs Campbell donated the house and property to the State Trustees of the Temple Society of Australia who were to use the home for the aged and the sick. Hargrave's most successful and recognised achievement occurred on 12 November 1894 in which Hargrave was lifted into the air on Stanwell Park Beach by a series of four box kites that he had created. Hargrave's significant work on box kites had important consequences on wing design and the soon after creation of the airplane. Hargrave conducted his heavier-than-air flights on Stanwell Park Reserve Beach. 
On 3 August 1940, the Lawrence Hargrave memorial was erected on Bald Hill. The monument was placed on Bald Hill to signify Hargrave's work in aeronautics and overlooks the scene of his experiments. The height of this location suggests altitude, as in flight; and the location was also considered appropriate doe to the popularity of the site as a tourist destination. The sandstone memorial exhibits a bronze plaque, mounted beneath a bronze high relief portrait of Hargrave holding a box kite in a landscape background. The inscriptions on the memorial currently reads as follows:
Tourist attraction.
Bald Hill is a major tourist destination commonly visited for sight seeing, hang gliding and paragliding. In September 2001 two hang gliders died after takeoff from Bald Hill, which resulted in a coronial inquiry and the adoption of a management plan over Bald Hill in May 2003. Significant improvements to the management of hang gliding and paragliding activities have been undertaken since. Bald Hill (Lawrence Hargrave Memorial Park) is listed in the Wollongong Local Environment Plan as a heritage item of state significance. It is also listed in the Illawarra Regional Environmental Plan as a heritage item.
The name is becoming rather a misnomer, for growth of weeds and grasses has become quite prevalent on its mid slopes from its base. There are toilet and carpark facilities and several sculptures, notably one depicting a hang glider gliding above the escarpment. Motorbike tour groups use the reserve as a stop on their tours and nearby Otford has a similar lookout. Access to the lookout is by way of Lawrence Hargrave Drive from either Stanwell Tops, Otford or Stanwell Park. There is currently no major track to the lookout, although there is a small walking track from Chellow Dene Avenue in Stanwell Park to the top of the hill. In 2013, the Wollongong City Council announced plans to proceed with an 5.3 million plan to redevelop Bald Hill.
In November each year, the Stanwell Park Festival of Flight is celebrated to commemorate the anniversary of Hargrave's achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="2889168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889168" title="Hugh of Jabala">
Hugh of Jabala

Hugh was the bishop of Jabala, a town in Syria, during the 12th century. When the County of Edessa fell to Zengi in 1144, Raymond, prince of Antioch, sent Hugh to report the news to Pope Eugene III. In response, Eugene issued the papal bull "Quantum praedecessores" the following year calling for the Second Crusade. Hugh also told the historian Otto of Freising about Prester John, the mythical Nestorian Christian priest-king of India, who was intending to help the Crusader States against the Saracens. Otto included the story in his "Chronicon" of 1145; it is the first recorded mention of the Prester John legend.

</doc>
<doc id="2889173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889173" title="Front line (disambiguation)">
Front line (disambiguation)

Front line refers to the forward-most forces on a battlefield.
Front line or frontline may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889174" title="Davida Allen">
Davida Allen

__NOTOC__
Davida Frances Allen (born 20 October 1951 in Charleville, Queensland), is an Australian painter, film maker and writer.
Career.
Allen studied under Betty Churcher at the Stuartholme School, Brisbane (1965–69) and later under Roy Churcher (Betty Churcher's husband) at Brisbane Central Technical College. She won the Archibald Prize in 1986 for her portrait of her father-in-law Dr John Shera ("My father-in-law watering his garden"). Allen has written and illustrated two books, and has created a 50-minute film, "Feeling Sexy" (1999), on the struggles of an artist attempting to reconcile the conflicting demands of bohemia and suburbia. At the 1999 Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards, she was nominated for the award for "Best Direction" for that film and she won the "Best Original Screenplay" award. The film was also invited to the Venice Film Festival.
She frequently confronts the themes of family and sexuality; regarding the latter she has said: "if we are truly feminist in the fullest sense of the word, we shouldn't have felt we had to lock it away or be really careful about it. We should be chauvinist in our womanhood." Allen is represented in most major public collections in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2889178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889178" title="The Red Tape Outtakes (Demos and Heartbreaks)">
The Red Tape Outtakes (Demos and Heartbreaks)

The Red Tape Outtakes (Demos And Heartbreaks), released August 2005, is the fifth release from Lucky Boys Confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="2889183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889183" title="Rerun (disambiguation)">
Rerun (disambiguation)

A rerun (or, sometimes, repeat) is a re-airing of an episode of a television program.
Rerun may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889193" title="The Bishop's School">
The Bishop's School

The Bishop's School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889195" title="Jekuthiel Sofer">
Jekuthiel Sofer

Jekuthiel Sofer was a prolific Jewish scribe in Amsterdam in the 18th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="2889196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889196" title="Lostwithiel railway station">
Lostwithiel railway station

Lostwithiel railway station serves the town of Lostwithiel in Cornwall. First Great Western operates the station along with every other station in Cornwall.
The station is on the banks of the River Fowey in Cornwall. At the east end of the station is a level crossing while at the west end the line is carried over the river, beyond which is the junction for the Fowey branch which is now used by china clay trains only. Between the station and the river stand the remains of the Cornwall Railway workshops, converted and extended in 2004 as a housing development.
Lostwithiel's famous medieval bridge is just outside the station, with the town on the opposite bank of the river.
The main entrance is on the platform served by trains to Plymouth, this is the platform nearest the town. A second platform for trains to Penzance is reached from the level crossing.
History.
The station opened with the Cornwall Railway on 4 May 1859. A report at the time claimed that it "is generally admitted to be the handsomest station on the line, and looks as gay and bright as fresh paint can make it. It consists, first, of a departure station, a wooden building covered by rusticated boarding, having a projecting verandah, extending eight feet on each side of the carriage approaches, and extending over the railway platform. This contains a spacious first class waiting room, second class ditto, ticket, and other necessary offices, and conveniences. Immediately opposite to this, is the arrival station, which is also of wooden erection, having spacious waiting rooms, and porter and lamp rooms. The roof also projects over the platform in a similar way to that of the departure station. A short distance lower down the line is a convenient goods shed, 75 feet long by 42 feet span of roof. Near to the departure station is the train shed, 100 feet long, in which, in addition to the engines employed on the line, it is intended to contain first, second, and third class carriages, in order to meet any extra requirements that may at any time arise."
The workshops had been established during the construction of the railway to prepare the timber needed for the wooden viaducts, stations and track. It expanded to also maintain the carriages and wagons of the railway and was retained for some years by the Great Western Railway when the two companies amalgamated on 1 July 1889.
The Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway opened for goods traffic on 1 June 1869. A more direct route from Par to Fowey stole most of the traffic and the trains from Lostwithiel were suspended on 1 January 1880. The Cornwall Railway subsequently leased a part of the line to store rolling stock. The line was reopened by the Cornwall Minerals Railway on 16 September 1895 for both goods and passengers. The passenger service was withdrawn on 4 January 1965 but the line remains open to carry china clay to the jetties at Fowey.
Sidings on the east side of the level crossing came into use on 30 April 1932 to handle milk train traffic from a new Nestle milk factory. It was later sold to Cow & Gate.
The Great Western Railway was nationalised into British Railways from 1 January 1948 which in turn was privatised in the 1990s. British Railways demolished the original station buildings and replaced them with a new booking office on the platform nearest the town, although these are no longer needed. A signal box is situated on the other platform to control the signals and level crossing.
Signal box.
Status: Open, Signal Box Code: LL
<br>
The box is situated at the Northern end of Platform 1. Since the Bodmin Road Signal Box was closed, the sidings at Bodmin Parkway connecting to the Bodmin and Wenford Railway are controlled by this box at Lostwithiel.
Services.
Lostwithiel is served by about half the First Great Western trains on the Cornish Main Line between Penzance and Plymouth. Some trains run through to or from London Paddington station and one of the evening trains is provided by a CrossCountry service from Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="2889201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889201" title="Windang, New South Wales">
Windang, New South Wales

Windang is a suburb of Wollongong in New South Wales on the southern tip of the peninsula guarding the ocean entrance to Lake Illawarra. Windang is popular for its fishing, prawning, boating, windsurfing and yachting. Windang is about 103 km south of Sydney, approximately 20 minutes drive south of the Wollongong CBD and about seven minutes from Shellharbour city.
Windang has a carnival which comes every year near Lake Illawarra.
History.
Windang is an aboriginal word meaning "scene of a fight". William Turnbull purchased land in the area in 1920 and erected a two story building called "Wyndang House". 
In 1926 the Post Office attached to this house was officially named Windang Post Office following a submission from Turnbull to have the name changed from the unofficial Lake Illawarra Post Office. The request was granted on the proviso that "the correct spelling be adopted namely Windang, which is that of the Island and Trigonometrical Station thereon in the vicinity". 
Tourism and recreational fishing have always been of major importance in the area. Guest houses sprung up in the 1930s to cater for the tourist trace, and the Windang Camping Reserves have never ceased to be popular.
Windang is sometimes notorious for the number of drownings that occur in the area; most recently, a 19-year-old man drowned whilst rock-fishing in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="2889203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889203" title="IAAP">
IAAP

IAAP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889206" title="HMS Rawalpindi">
HMS Rawalpindi

HMS "Rawalpindi" was a British armed merchant cruiser (a converted passenger ship) that was sunk in a surface action against the German battleships and during the first months of the Second World War.
Merchant service.
The ship started life as the 16,695 registered tons Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) ocean liner SS "Rawalpindi" . She was launched on 26 March 1925 by Lady Birkenhead, the wife of F. E. Smith, 1st Earl of Birkenhead, and joined the P&O fleet in September of the same year. She was named after Rawalpindi city, a British garrison town in what is now Pakistan. She could carry 307 First Class and 288 Second Class passengers, and was employed on the London to Bombay service.
Naval service.
"Rawalpindi" was requisitioned by the Admiralty on 26 August 1939 and converted in to an armed merchant cruiser by the addition of eight elderly 6 in (150 mm) guns and two 3 in (76 mm) guns. She was set to work from October 1939 in the Northern Patrol covering the area around Iceland. On 19 October in the Denmark Strait, "Rawalpindi" intercepted the German tanker "Gonzenheim" (4,574 grt), which had left Buenos Aires on 14 September. The tanker was scuttled by her crew before a boarding party could get on board.
Sinking.
While patrolling north of the Faroe Islands on 23 November 1939, she investigated a possible enemy sighting, only to find that she had encountered two of the most powerful German warships, the "Scharnhorst" and "Gneisenau", which had been conducting a sweep between Iceland and the Faroes. "Rawalpindi" was able to signal the German ships' location back to base. Despite being hopelessly outgunned, 60-year old Captain Edward Coverley Kennedy RN of "Rawalpindi" decided to fight, rather than surrender as demanded by the Germans. He was heard to say "We’ll fight them both, they’ll sink us, and that will be that. Good-bye".
The German warships sank "Rawalpindi" within 40 minutes. She managed to score one hit on "Scharnhorst", which caused minor splinter damage. 238 men died, including Captain Kennedy. Thirty-seven men were rescued by the German ships, a further 11 were picked up by HMS "Chitral" (another converted passenger ship). Captain Kennedy — the father of broadcaster and author Ludovic Kennedy — was posthumously Mentioned in Dispatches.
Sister ships.
"Rawalpindi" was one of the P&O 'R' class liners from 1925 that had had much of their interiors designed by Lord Inchcape's daughter Elsie Mackay. Her sister ships , and were also converted into armed merchant cruisers. "Rajputana" was torpedoed by in the Denmark Strait and sunk on 13 April 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="2889217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889217" title="Mozart in Egypt 2">
Mozart in Egypt 2

Mozart in Egypt 2 is a 2005 classical music studio album by French musician and arranger Hughes de Courson. The album (ASIN : B0009PEYVW) was released in August 2005, in Europe only.

</doc>
<doc id="2889219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889219" title="San Gorgonio Wilderness">
San Gorgonio Wilderness

San Gorgonio Wilderness is located in the San Bernardino Mountains, north of Morongo Valley and approximately northwest of Palm Springs, California. It is managed jointly by the San Bernardino National Forest and the Bureau of Land Management.
The wilderness is part of the eastern slope of the San Bernardino Mountains with topography rapidly changing from low, rolling foothills and canyons to steep, rugged mountains. These mountains include Mount San Gorgonio and several other peaks over . Elevations range from . Because of this elevation gradient, the wilderness reflects a transition between desert, coastal and mountain environments, including the different types of vegetation representative of each elevation.
The United States Congress designated the San Gorgonio Wilderness in 1964. By 1984, it expanded to . In 1994, it was further expanded with additional BLM lands and it now has a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="2889220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889220" title="Tempest Anderson">
Tempest Anderson

Tempest Anderson (December 7, 1846 – August 26, 1913) was an ophthalmic surgeon at York County Hospital in the United Kingdom, and an expert amateur photographer and vulcanologist. He was a member of the Royal Society Commission which was appointed to investigate the aftermath of the eruptions of Soufriere volcano, St Vincent and Mont Pelee, Martinique, West Indies which both erupted in May, 1902. Some of his photographs of these eruptions were subsequently published in his book, "Volcanic Studies in Many Lands".
He was born in York, and studied medicine at the University of London.
His father was William Charles Anderson (medic), surgeon and Sheriff of York.
His sister Constance married Percy Sladen, and his brother was Yarborough Anderson, a barrister.
In 1904 Anderson received an honorary degree of D.Sc. from the University of Leeds. He was President of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society, and in 1912 he presented the society with a 300-seat lecture theatre (the "Tempest Anderson Hall") attached to the Yorkshire Museum in York Museum Gardens. This was one of the world's first concrete buildings.
Anderson lived at the family home of 17 Stonegate in the centre of York. He built a pair of houses on the road now known as Moorgate, on land purchased from the Holgate Garden Society. He died on board ship on the Red Sea while returning from visiting the volcanoes of Indonesia and the Philippines. He was buried in Suez, Egypt. After his death, the houses he had built were left to his cousin, Colonel Fearnley Anderson.. He also bequeathed a substantial sum to the Yorkshire Museum.
In 1911 Anderson was made one of the vice-presidents of the "Old Peterite Club" at St Peter's School, York. It is unclear whether Anderson was definitely an alumnus or this was through his connection to George Yeld, his exploration partner and a master at the school.
Mexico, Guatemala and the West Indies.
Tempest Anderson spent nine months in Mexico, Guatemala and the West Indies in 1906/1907. He travelled to Mexico to attend the 10th Congres Geologique International before sailing by mail steamer to Guatemala to study the after effects of the 1902 earthquake and subsequent tidal wave. During the trip he observed and photographed Cerro Quemado, Santa Maria (volcano), and Atitlan.
During this trip he collected first hand accounts of the 1902 eruption of the Santa Maria and the immediate aftermath. Captain Saunders of the Pacific Mail Steamer S.S. Newport observed the eruption cloud which rose to a great height. The Captain measured it using a sextant and recorded it as reaching 17 to 18 miles. The sounds accompanying the eruption were loud and were heard even louder at more distant places than close to the mountain. The eruption was heard as far away as Guatemala City, the noises so strong, they were assumed to come from neighbouring volcanoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2889246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889246" title="Communist Party of the Soviet Union (1992)">
Communist Party of the Soviet Union (1992)

The Communist Party of the Soviet Union (, "Kommunisticheskaya Partiya Sovetskogo Soyuza"; short: КПСС, "KPSS") is a political party led by Sergei Skvortsov. Operating in the countries of the former Soviet Union. The party was founded in 1992 at the so-called 29th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, which, among other actions, excluded former president of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev from the newly formed party. The party claims to be the inheritors of the legacy of the original Communist Party of the Soviet Union and among its goals states the restoration of the Soviet Union.
The party has launched several front groups, such as the All-Russian Committee for Defence of Kuriles, the Movement for Social Justice, and the Inter-Regional Strike Committee.
The central publication of the party is "Narodnaya Gazeta" (, "People's Newspaper"). Skvortsov operates as the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union as well as the editor-in-chief of the publication.

</doc>
<doc id="2889261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889261" title="Signal instrument">
Signal instrument

A signal instrument is a musical instrument which is not only used for music as such, but also fit to give sound signals as a form of auditive communication, usually in the open air. 
To make the message audible at a distance, percussion and brass instruments, which are generally loud, are chiefly used for this purpose.
Environment.
Before the introduction of modern technological communication, signaling over a distance was often a very good way to pass messages, especially in difficult terrain such as the mountains (e.g. Alpine horn, equivalents are still used in parts of the Himalaya) or sparsely populated plains or forests (the tam-tam type of drums as with American Indians and jungle drums), sometimes using rather elaborate code systems to pass even complex information.
Another ancient function, which has survived into modern urban life is to assemble or warn a whole population or congregation at large, usually not coded or just for a few common cases, as with a conch or bells in a church or belfry: a variation for more local use is the gong. 
Many types, especially the older ones, have also survived for ceremonial use, as in religion (often conservative in its forms) or gong ceremony.
Hunting.
While the types mentioned above are mainly used from one spot, signal instruments may also be useful to communicate on the move, when many alternatives were less practical. Naturally then instruments are preferred which are not too delicate to be moved, and often not too heavy (except when the musician is mounted or in a vehicle) to transport, or even better be played during march or even chase. Thus hunters traditionally use a hunting-horn to communicate, while drums (often just improvised 'percussion') were rather by drivers while shouting. When the social elite practiced hunting as a prestigious outdoors social activity, music was often present at any stage, e.g. the court of Versailles had composers such as the Danican family and Philidor write special symphonies for a court orchestra to accompany the royal hunt party, prominently featuring percussion and winds but also including non-signal instruments, even strings.
Military, paramilitary and other uniformed services.
In the (para)military and similar, mainly uniformed, corps such as police, the tradition of march music stems from the use of signal instruments, mainly metal winds (as the modern bugle and clarion), originally (and still) to pass standardized orders (often at a small tactical level), while percussion and flutes served mainly to march on the beat; especially when a larger force is gathered with ceremony (just drums often do, as in ruffles and flourishes or accompanying formal administration of corporal punishment), both can be combined into a band.

</doc>
<doc id="2889278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889278" title="Palmetto (film)">
Palmetto (film)

Palmetto is a 1998 neo-noir film directed by Volker Schlöndorff (as "Volker Schlondorff") with a screenplay by E. Max Frye. It is based on the novel "Just Another Sucker" by James Hadley Chase. The film stars Woody Harrelson, Elisabeth Shue and Gina Gershon.
Plot.
Harry Barber is serving time in prison after being framed in a corruption scandal.
Before his arrest, he was a reporter for a Florida newspaper that uncovered widespread corruption in the local government. After rejecting a bribe that would have ensured his silence, Harry finds the funds deposited into his bank account and he is promptly arrested. Now, two years later, he is released when an ex-cop's testimony vindicates him.
Though he is bitter against the town officials, Harry wanders back to Palmetto with his girlfriend Nina, who has been patiently waiting for him. Unable to find a job, he spends his days lounging in a local bar. In walks Rhea Malroux, the very attractive femme, wife of the richest man in town, who offers him a job: help her and her daughter Odette scam the old man out of $500,000 with a bogus kidnapping scheme, in which Harry would receive a ten percent cut.
Tempted by both Rhea's seductive charms and the prospect of some quick cash, Harry goes along with the plan. But when Odette winds up dead, and all indications point to Harry as the murderer, he finds himself in way over his head.

</doc>
<doc id="2889280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889280" title="Kamikitachō Station">
Kamikitachō Station

History.
Kamikitachō Station was opened on September 1, 1891 as on the Nippon Railway. It became a station on the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railway (JNR), on July 1, 1906. On October 1, 1959, the station was renamed to its present name. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Kamikitachō Station has one side platform and one island platform serving three tracks. The platforms are connected to a single-story station building by an overpass. Only the outer tracks 1 and 3 are in regular operation.

</doc>
<doc id="2889288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889288" title="Panjiayuan Subdistrict">
Panjiayuan Subdistrict

Panjiayuan (Chinese: 潘家园 Pinyin: Pānjiāyuán) is a subdistrict of Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. Panjiayuan is famous for its flea markets.
It administers 12 community districts: 
Beijing Panjiayuan Flea Market is located at the southwest of Panjiayuan bridge, South road of East third ring road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. Covering an area of 48,500㎡, it is divided into six sections: Roadside stands, Ancient Architecture, Classical Furniture, Modern collection, Sculpture and Stone Engraving, and the Catering section. Trading mostly in antiques, handicrafts, ornaments, and other collectibles, Panjiayuan has an annual revenue of several hundred million yuan. Having more than four thousand shop owners, this market has nearly ten thousand shop assistants in which sixty percent are from the other twenty-eight provinces and municipalities except Beijing. People here come from a variety of backgrounds, there are more than ten minorities of Hui, Man, Miao, Dong, Uigur, Mongolian, Korean, and other ethnic groups of China. Founded in 1992, this market has developed along with the success in business in folk antiques and handicrafts. Diffusing Chinese culture, it has become a large, quaintly classical market of antiques and handicrafts. 
Administrative divisions.
The Panjiayuan area is located towards the South end of the East 3rd Ring road.

</doc>
<doc id="2889289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889289" title="Christopher Lee (Singaporean actor)">
Christopher Lee (Singaporean actor)

Christopher Lee Meng Soon (born 23 July 1971) is a Malaysian-born Singaporean actor, host and singer.
Early life.
Lee studied up to form 5 in Sekolah Menangah Seri Kota, Air Leleh, Malacca, Malaysia. He was an active student in school, serving as a prefect and representing his school in rugby competitions. He has an older sister and two younger brothers, the youngest being Frederick Lee Meng Chong, who is also an actor and model in Malaysia.
Career.
Lee joined TCS (later MediaCorp) on a contract in 1995 after emerging as 1st runner-up in the male category of the Star Search programme in 1995. He worked as a model before becoming an actor. Lee first started acting in Chinese-language television dramas produced by Channel 8.
Lee rose to prominence in his career after winning the Best Actor award at the Star Awards 1997 for his role as a "hanjian" in the television drama "The Price of Peace", set in Japanese-occupied Singapore during World War II. In 1998, he starred as Yang Guo in "The Return of the Condor Heroes", an adaptation of Louis Cha's novel of the same title. He was voted in as Taiwan's Most Popular MediaCorp Male Artiste at the Star Awards 1998 for his performance. Since then, Lee has acted in many television series jointly-produced by Singapore and other countries in the Asia-Pacific region, co-starring with actors from Hong Kong and Taiwan, such as Nadia Chan, Vincent Chiao, Jimmy Lin and Jordan Chan.
Apart from acting, Lee also recorded the theme songs of MediaCorp's television dramas. He released his first solo album in 1999 and another one in 2002.
At the 2010 Star Awards, Lee was awarded the coveted "All-Time Favourite Artiste Award" with long-time colleague Mark Lee after being voted the Top 10 Favourite Male Artistes for ten years in a row. He became the first non-Singaporean artiste to win the award. More recently, Lee has also ventured into hosting and has hosted several travel and food programmes. He was nominated for the Best Info-Ed Show Host award at the Star Awards 2012.
Conviction.
On 8 October 2006, Lee was involved in a hit-and-run road accident. He had allegedly knocked down a motorcyclist due to suspected drunk driving, causing the motorcyclist and his pillion rider to suffer superficial injuries on their faces and legs. He was arrested and released later on bail.
Despite the incident, Lee managed to win a position among the Top 10 Male Artistes in the Star Awards 2006. In his acceptance speech, Lee said in Mandarin that he had been feeling terrible over the incident during the previous two months, and that he would be responsible for what he did. Speaking to reporters later, he mentioned that he had been unable to sleep at times, adding that he was very grateful to his fans for their support.
On 10 May 2007, Lee was fined S$4,500 and disqualified from driving for three years on charges of drunk driving and other traffic offences, as well as being sentenced to a prison term of four weeks. Lee appealed against his jail sentence but withdrew his appeal later on 28 May. He began serving his sentence at Queenstown Remand Prison on the same day. On 15 June, the prosecution succeeded in appealing against Lee's four-week jail sentence and the court decided to overturn an earlier sentence of a S$3,000 fine for his drunk driving offence. Lee was sentenced to an additional two weeks in prison, making his total prison term six weeks long. On 21 June, the prosecution dropped the last of five charges against Lee for failing to stop after an accident, letting him off with a stern warning instead. Lee was released on 25 June, after receiving a reduction in his prison sentence due to good behavior.
Due to his conviction, Lee was dropped from playing the lead role in the 2007 Channel 8 television series "Metamorphosis". He was replaced by actor Thomas Ong.
On 12 July 2007, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) completed its review on Lee's case and decided to allow him to retain his Singapore Permanent Resident status. However, Lee will be under close observation and the ICA would revoke its decision if Lee violates the law again. After the conviction, he made his comeback in the 2008 television drama "Rhythm of Life".
Personal life.
On 16 May 2009, Lee married actress Fann Wong, his co-star in several television series. The wedding ceremony was held at Shangri-La Hotel Singapore, with many of Lee's colleagues from the entertainment industry, such as Zheng Geping and Huang Biren, attending their wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="2889291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889291" title="Soil cement">
Soil cement

Soil cement is a construction material, a mix of pulverized natural soil with small amount of portland cement and water, usually processed in a tumble, compacted to high density. Hard, semi-rigid durable material is formed by hydration of the cement particles. 
Soil cement is frequently used as a construction material for pipe bedding, slope protection, and road construction as a subbase layer reinforcing and protecting the subgrade. It has good compressive and shear strength, but is brittle and has low tensile strength, so it is prone to forming cracks. 
Soil cement mixtures differs from Portland cement concrete in the amount of paste (cement-water mixture). While in Portland cement concretes the paste coats all aggregate particles and binds them together, in soil cements the amount of cement is lower and therefore there are voids left and the result is a cement matrix with nodules of uncemented material.
Types of soil cement.
Cement-modified soils (CMS).
A cement-modified soil contains relatively small proportion of Portland cement. The result is caked or slightly hardened material, similar to a soil, but with improved mechanical properties - lower plasticity, increased bearing ratio and shearing strength, and decreased volume change.
Soil-cement base (SCB).
A soil-cement base contains higher proportion of cement than cement-modified soil. It is commonly used as a cheap pavement base for roads, streets, parking lots, airports, and material handling areas. Specialized equipment, such as a soil stabilizer and a mechanical cement spreader is usually required. A seal coat is required in order to keep moisture out. For uses as a road construction material, a suitable surface coating, usually a thin layer of asphalt concrete, is needed to reduce wear.
In comparison with granular bases, soil cement bases can be thinner for the same road load, owing to their slab-like behavior that distributes load over broader areas. In-place or nearby located materials can be used for construction - locally found soil, stone, or reclaimed granular base from a road being reconstructed. This conserves both material and energy.
The strength of soil-cement bases actually increases with age, providing good long-term performance.
Cement-treated base (CTB).
A cement-treated base is a mix of granular soil aggregates or aggregate material with Portland cement and water. It is similar in use and performance to soil-cement base. 
Acrylic copolymer (Rhino Snot).
Developed for the U.S. Military in desert conditions and commercially trademarked, "Rhino Snot" is a water soluble acrylic copolymer applied to soil or sand which penetrates and coats the surface. When dry, it forms a waterproof, UV-resistant, solid bond which binds the soil together reducing dust. In higher concentration it creates a durable surface that can withstand heavy trafﬁc allowing existing soil to be used for roads, parking lots, trails and other heavy traffic areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2889292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889292" title="Notan">
Notan

Uses.
This use of light and dark translates shape and form into flat shapes on a two-dimensional surface. Nōtan is traditionally presented in paint, ink, or cut paper, but it is relevant to a host of modern day image-making techniques, such as lithography in printmaking, and rotoscoping in animation.

</doc>
<doc id="2889294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889294" title="Kawaramachi Street">
Kawaramachi Street

Both Shijo and Kawaramachi Street are protected with smoking bans.

</doc>
<doc id="2889297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889297" title="Maddalena archipelago">
Maddalena archipelago

The Maddalena Archipelago is a group of islands in the Straits of Bonifacio between Corsica (France) and north-eastern Sardinia (Italy). It consists of seven main islands and numerous other small islets.
Geography.
The largest island is Isola Maddalena, on which sits the archipelago's largest town, La Maddalena. The other six islands, in order of size, are: Caprera, Spargi, Santo Stefano, Santa Maria, Budelli and Razzoli. Only Maddalena, Caprera and S. Stefano are inhabited.
Lying adjacent to the famous tourist resort of the Costa Smeralda, Maddalena shares the same crystal clear waters and wind blown granite coastlines but also remains a haven for wildlife. It is a designated National Park, the Parco Nazionale Arcipelago di La Maddalena. It is a very popular tourist destination, especially among boaters. In 2006 it was placed on the Tentative list for consideration as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
History.
The islands have been inhabited since prehistoric times. They were known by the Romans as "Cunicularia" and were a busy shipping area during the second and 1st century BC. The Maddalenas have always held strategic value and were first the object of a dispute between the maritime republics of Pisa and Genoa in the 13th century and subsequently were abandoned for a long period before being colonised again by Corsican shepherds and by the first Sardinian settlements in the 16th century. Napoleon Bonaparte, Admiral Nelson and particularly Giuseppe Garibaldi all have historical links with the area.
Present day.
S. Stefano island housed a NATO naval base, closed in 2008, at which US nuclear submarines were housed. This was the basis of some controversy in 2003 when the USS "Hartford "ran aground while on maneuvers in the area.
Administratively the islands now lie within the province of Olbia-Tempio, having moved from the province of Sassari in 2005. The main access into and out of the archipelago is via the frequent car ferries from nearby Palau on Sardinia that run into La Maddalena. There are roads only on Maddalena and Caprera.

</doc>
<doc id="2889300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889300" title="Roland V-Drums">
Roland V-Drums

V-Drums is a variety of electronic drums, drum brain modules, and related electronic percussion product manufactured and trademarked by Roland Corporation.
The primary V-Drums products are complete electronic drum kits. These vary in price and complexity, ranging from a few hundred dollars to approximately USD $7,499 (MAP-Minimum Advertised Price). Components such as additional pads, cymbal pads, triggers, mounting hardware, and modules are also sold individually to augment an existing kit.
Like most electronic drum modules, V-Drums drum modules are MIDI-capable. This enables the player to use a V-Drums kit to control not only the kit itself, but other MIDI-capable instruments, such as digital samplers. MIDI also allows V-Drums kits to be controlled by other MIDI-capable instruments. V-Drums, like most electronic drum kits, can output to an amplifier, recording device, or headphones.
The Roland V-Drums System.
Each V-Drums kit is composed of the following:
Trigger types.
V-Drums trigger devices are of four major types: mesh-head drum pads, rubber pads, cymbal pads and acoustic drum triggers. Mesh-head pads look very similar to acoustic drums, and attempt to emulate their feel. The simpler, more generic type is a rubber pad, which is less expensive, but also looks and feels less like an acoustic drum. There are several models of cymbal pads (also called V-Cymbals). The more expensive ones attempt to emulate the physical properties of acoustic cymbals of various types (e.g.: hi-hat, crash, ride), while the simpler, less expensive cymbal pads are less realistic. Acoustic drum triggers can be used to provide trigger signals from standard acoustic drums.
From an electrical point of view, trigger pads can be of the following types:
Rubber pads.
Round rubber pads were introduced with the TD-7 drum module in 1992 (previous Roland pads were polygonal) and were universally used as trigger pads for drums and cymbals. Since the introduction of mesh-head drum pads and cymbal-shaped trigger pads, standard rubber pads are only used as tom-tom and (until recently) bass drum trigger pads on Roland's less expensive drum kits. More expensive kits don't include any rubber pads at all any more.
The downsides of rubber pads are their less realistic rebound and their relatively high ambient noise level (compared to mesh-head pads), but their lower price still makes them an economical choice in some cases.
Cloth-head pads.
Cloth-head drum pads were introduced with the KD-9 in 2011, using a cloth-like material as the drum head with an underlying, relatively thick layer of foam. These pads are softer than rubber pads and feel more realistic, while producing less ambient noise. They are only available in small sizes though, and the head tension cannot be adjusted like on mesh-head pads.
Mesh-head pads.
Roland V-Drums mesh-head triggers resemble acoustic drums in both appearance and feel. The striking surface is a two-layer taut woven mesh of fibers fitted with several electronic sensors. This allows the mesh-head trigger to respond to the play of a drumstick in a manner that feels more like real drums than their earlier rubber predecessors. Roland developers have stated that the design of the mesh-head V-Pad was inspired in part by a small toy trampoline.
In 1997, Roland developed and patented an updated version of mesh-head drum triggers, a key feature of the V-Drums line. As such, the name "V-Drums" sometimes refers specifically to Roland's mesh-head based drum triggers. The company began marketing the mesh-head triggers under the "V-Drums" name in 1997, in conjunction with the TD-10 drum module.
Roland mesh-head V-Drums have a playable rim which has its own electronic sensors (and corresponding sounds). Many drummers who formerly eschewed electronic drums because of their lack of authentic feel have adopted V-Drums and other mesh-head drum products due to the recent advances of mesh-head technology.
Mesh-head triggers have created an expanded market for electronic drum kits because electronic drum kits, especially mesh-head based ones, make little or no unwanted ambient noise.Mesh heads used in V-Drums kits today are made by the American drumhead company Remo.
Acoustic drum triggers.
Roland also makes acoustic drum triggers, which can be mounted on the rims of standard acoustic drums and provide a trigger signal from those drums, effectively turning them into trigger pads. The acoustic drumhead can either be left on the drum, to get the acoustic sound as well as a trigger signal, or the drumhead can be replaced with a mesh-head to lower ambient noise, if only the trigger signal is needed.
Cymbal pads.
In the early 2000s, Roland moved away from using standard rubber pads as cymbal triggers and introduced new cymbal-shaped trigger pads with a rubber surface, which they call "V-Cymbals".
The more expensive cymbal pads can swing freely after being hit (only rotation of the pad is prevented by a special cymbal mount), so they feel more like real cymbals, while the less expensive cymbal pads are not movable and always stay in their fixed position, thus feeling less realistic. Most of the movable pads also feature a third "bell" zone, which is triggered when hitting the bell area of the cymbal pad. These cymbal pads are called three-way cymbals because of their three trigger zones (bell, bow and edge).
Electronic hi-hats.
Electronic hi-hats are always made up of two components: a trigger pad to detect hits, and a variable resistor-based hi-hat controller to detect the foot position, so the drum module can determine whether the hi-hat is supposed to be open or closed (or somewhere in between).
The simpler, less expensive solution uses a simple fixed V-Cymbal pad in combination with a separate foot pedal controller, which allows the drum module to replicate the "sound" of a hi-hat, but does not emulate the feel and scope of expressiveness of acoustic hi-hats.
The more expensive V-Hi-Hats integrate trigger pad and controller into a set of two opposing pieces, designed to be mounted on a conventional hi-hat stand. Because the hi-hat pad moves with the position of the pedal and can swing freely when the hi-hat is opened, this solution feels much more authentic. The most complex and most expensive VH-13 V-Hi-Hat and the older VH-12 can also detect different amounts of foot pressure in the closed position, but they are only compatible with the TD-30 and the older TD-12 and TD-20 drum modules. The simpler VH-11 can be used with more modules, but it cannot sense foot pressure in the closed position.
Pad/Module Compatibility.
Generally, all Roland drum pads and cymbal pads can be connected to any input on any Roland drum module, and the head/bow zone will always work. However, when more capable pads are connected to less capable inputs, some zones (e.g. rim/edge or bell) on the drum pad cannot be used. Connecting less capable pads to more capable inputs usually lets you use all zones.
Drum pads and cymbal pads from other manufacturers are also generally compatible with Roland drum modules as long as they use a piezo as the head/bow trigger, but zones other than head/bow are sometimes problematic, especially on three-zone pads. Also, the module settings may need some tweaking. Hi-Hat controllers however are not usually compatible between manufacturers.
It should be noted that there are different kinds of stereo pads and stereo inputs. While all types of stereo pads and inputs do have two channels, they are still electrically different, so not all combinations of stereo pads and stereo inputs let you use all zones/features.
There's also a detailed compatibility chart for current Roland trigger devices and drum modules on one of the last pages of Roland's V-Drums catalog, which is also available as a PDF download from their home page. Discontinued modules are not included in their chart though.
Roland drum modules.
Roland drum modules range in features and price from the top-of-the-line TD-30 to the TD-15, TD-11, TD-4 and HD-3 (although the HD-3 brain is not sold separately, as it connects with a proprietary 25-pin parallel connector to the HD-3 frame and pads). Higher model numbers denote more advanced models, while lower numbers are used for less expensive ones. The TD-20, TD-12, TD-10, TD-9, TD-8, TD-7, TD-6, TD-5, TD-3 and HD-1 are out of production.
Drum module input capabilities.
It is important to note that not all drum module inputs have the same capabilities. Besides the obvious differences between mono, stereo and three-way inputs, which support mono (single-zone), stereo (dual-zone) or three-zone pads accordingly, there are additional differences in the capabilities of stereo inputs. While some stereo inputs only support pads with a piezo and a switch (piezo/switch inputs), others also support pads with two piezos (piezo/piezo inputs). Also, some stereo inputs are only intended to be split into two mono inputs by using an insert cable (mono/mono inputs). Certain pairs of stereo inputs can be configured to form one three-way input.
On some drum modules, some inputs may support additional features such as positional sensing or brush sweeps.
The capabilities of drum module inputs are listed in the table below. For details about which type of trigger pads are compatible with which type of drum module input, see section "Pad/Module Compatibility" above.
Drum sets.
Roland V-Drums components are typically sold as drum sets, which are made up of drum and cymbal pads, a hi-hat pad and controller, a drum module and a drum rack. Sometimes, additional hardware such as a kick drum pedal and a hi-hat stand is also included (usually only as limited offers).
High-end V-Drums sets.
Roland's most advanced and most expensive V-Drums sets:
In the past, Roland also sold V-Stage drum sets, which had smaller pads and came with a slightly stripped-down drum module (first TD-8, then TD-12) with fewer inputs, but still most of the advanced features of the flagship modules. The V-Stage drum sets were discontinued in 2012 when the TD-30 was introduced. Instead, Roland is now also offering a V-Pro drum set with smaller and less expensive pads.
Mid-Line V-Drum sets.
Roland's mid-line V-Drums sets:
Less expensive V-Drum sets.
Roland's less expensive V-Drum sets:
Older drum sets.
Older drum sets with the TD-7 and the (less expensive) TD-5 drum module had all rubber pads as drum and cymbal pads, simple kick-drum pads, and a rubber pad and foot controller for the hi-hat. Although they were not marketed as V-Drums at the time, they used the same technology and the trigger pads continued to be used in later V-Drum sets. TD-7 and TD-5 drum sets were discontinued in the late 1990s when the TD-10 and TD-8 were introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="2889302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889302" title="Ottomo Station">
Ottomo Station

History.
Ottomo Station was opened on January 1, 1894 as a station on the Nippon Railway. On January 1, 1906, with the nationalization of the Nippon Railway, it became a station of the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR). Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued from March 15, 1972. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Ottomo Station has two island platforms serving four tracks, connected by an overpass to the station building; however, only Tracks 1 and 3 are in regular use.

</doc>
<doc id="2889303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889303" title="European route E45">
European route E45

The European route E 45 goes between Sweden and Italy, through Denmark, Germany and Austria. With a length of about , it is the longest north-south European route. 
The route passes through Karesuando (Sweden) – Porjus – Jokkmokk - Arvidsjaur – Östersund – Mora – Säffle – Åmål – Gothenburg … Frederikshavn (Denmark) – Aalborg – Randers - Århus – Vejle – Kolding – Frøslev – Flensburg (Germany) – Hamburg – Hanover – Göttingen – Kassel – Fulda – Würzburg – Nuremberg – Munich – Rosenheim – Wörgl (Austria) – Innsbruck – Brenner – Fortezza (Italy) – Bolzano – Trento – Verona – Modena – Bologna – Cesena – Perugia – Fiano Romano – Naples – Salerno – Sicignano – Cosenza – Villa San Giovanni … Messina – Catania – Siracusa – Gela
Finland.
The E45 is not signposted in Finland
, since the official document uses the Swedish version ("Karesuando") of the name of the village at the border, hinting that it would start on the Swedish side. The Swedish government proposed the extension in 2005 and did not include the Finnish road in the proposal, which was accepted as it was. The gap between the end of E45 and the European route E8 is about 1 km along the existing Finnish regional road 959 Karesuvanto (FIN) - Karesuando (SWE)
Sweden.
In November 2006, the E 45 was extended with the then existing Swedish national road 45, which makes it start from Karesuando at the Swedish–Finnish border (near the E 8), over Östersund–Mora–Grums, to Gothenburg and on. This extended the length of the route by about . The signs of road 45 was changed to E 45 during the summer of 2007. The E 45 has now no other national number. In Sweden the road is called Inlandsvägen.
The E45 in Sweden is mostly an ordinary road. Between Karesuando and Torsby (1370 km) the road is usually 6–8 meters wide, and goes mostly through sparsely populated forests, with occasional villages and only two cities above 10.000 people, Östersund and Mora. The E45 is a motorway for 6 km together with E18 south of Grums. Between Säffle and Trollhättan several parts of it is 2+1 road with a middle barrier. Between Trollhättan and Göteborg there is a 52 km long motorway, finished 2012. The speed limit is usually 100 km/h north of Mora and usually 90 south thereof. There are 27 road crossings or intersections where the Swedish E45 does not follow the straight direction. There are 26 level crossings with railways.
The ferry Gothenburg–Frederikshavn has about 7 daily departures and takes 2–3½ hours.
Denmark.
In Denmark the E 45 is a motorway (speed limit 110 km/h - 130 km/h) from the south of Frederikshavn to the Danish–German border. The E 45 has no other national number. It connects to the E 39 and E 20 motorways.
In 1992 it was renamed from E 3 (which actually before 1985 ended in Lisbon, Portugal) and until 2006, with the extension in Sweden, the northern endpoint was Frederikshavn.
The total length in Denmark is 357 km.
Germany.
The road E 45 follows:
Between Nuremberg and Verona, Italy the E45 corresponds with the route of the old imperial road, the Via Imperii, though the Autobahns are newer roads.
Austria.
The road E 45 follows:
Italy.
The road E 45 follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2889304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889304" title="Urania (disambiguation)">
Urania (disambiguation)

Urania or Ourania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889306" title="Fobia (album)">
Fobia (album)

Fobia is an album released by Mexican rock band Fobia. Their self-titled debut album was released in 1990. The songs are primarily themed around common phobias and anxieties, filled with dark humor and melodic music inspired by British bands like The Cure. Songs like "Los muñecos" and "Las moscas" deal with the fear of dolls and flies respectively. Other songs like "Dios bendiga a los gusanos" and "El crucifijo" deal with the anxieties of love. "El microbito" delivers humor and a quick change of pace towards the album's finale. It is worth noting that the songs listed above are all hits.
The band received critical and commercial success, added to the fact that Rock en español was going through a revival at the time and new bands seemed to come out of the woodwork.
The original lineup was:

</doc>
<doc id="2889319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889319" title="Yadamae Station">
Yadamae Station

History.
Yadamae Station was opened on November 1, 1986 as a station on the Japan National Railways' (JNR) Tōhoku Main Line. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East). The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Yadamae Station has two opposed side platforms, connected to an unattended station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="2889321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889321" title="Whatley, Mendip">
Whatley, Mendip

Whatley is a small rural village and civil parish near Frome in the English county of Somerset.
History.
According to Robinson, it was called "Watelei" in the Domesday Book of 1086, when the tenants of the Abbot of Glastonbury Abbey were Walter Hussey and John the Usher. He suggests the village name means 'The wet meadow' from the Old English "woet" and "leah".
The parish was part of the hundred of Frome.
The village gives its name to Whatley Quarry, which lies to the north-west of the village at and is said to be one of the largest in Europe. It is owned by Hanson plc and has been the object of protests against its impact on the environment.
The gatehouse at Manor farm was built around 1500 and is a Grade I listed building.
The hamlet of Lower Whatley is to the south of the village.
The hamlet of Chantry lies 1 mile to the west. It is one of the Thankful Villages which suffered no casualties in the First World War. Chantry Park is Grade II* listed: The Chantry is a neoclassical villa built c. 1825 to the design of Bath architect John Pinch the elder. The Chantry Estate and school were established by the family of James Fussell, an iron magnate operating the Old Ironstone Works, Mells in Vallis Vale between Mells and Great Elm.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of Mendip, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Frome Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Somerton and Frome county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Religious sites.
The Church of the Holy Trinity at Chantry dates from 1844–46 by George Gilbert Scott and William Moffatt, with further work by William George Brown of Frome, for James Fussell, who owned the local iron works. It is a Grade I listed building. In 1858 Richard William Church was amongst the clergy of the church. The precise location of Whatley church is

</doc>
<doc id="2889322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889322" title="Go-Ahead">
Go-Ahead

Go-Ahead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889323" title="Belt buckle">
Belt buckle

A belt buckle is a buckle, a clasp for fastening two ends, such as of straps or a belt, in which a device attached to one of the ends is fitted or coupled to the other. The word enters Middle English via Old French and the Latin "buccula" or "cheek-strap," as for a helmet. Belt buckles and other fixtures are used on a variety of belts, including cingula, baltea, baldrics and later waist-belts.
Types.
Belt buckles go back at least to the iron age and a gold "great buckle" was among the items interred at Sutton Hoo. Primarily decorative "shield on tongue" buckles were common Anglo-Saxon grave goods at this time, elaborately decorated on the "shield" portion and associated only with men. One such buckle, found in a 7th-century grave at Finglesham, Kent in 1965 bears the image of a naked warrior standing between two spears wearing only a horned helmet and belt.
Frame-style buckles are the oldest design. In a frame-and-prong buckle the prong attaches to one end of the frame and extends "away" from the wearer through a hole in the belt, where it anchors against the opposite side of the frame. The oldest styles have a simple loop or "D" shaped frame (see: D-ring), but "double-loop" or "center post" buckles whose prongs attach to a fixed center section appear in the 8th century. Very small buckles with removable center pins and chapes were introduced and used on shoes, beginning in the 17th century, but not often for waist-belts. A "chape" is the fixed cover which attaches buckle to belt while the "mordant" or "bite" is the adjustable portion.
Plate-style "buckles" are common on western military belts of the mid-19th century, which often feature a three-hook clasp: two hooks fitting into one end of the belt and a third into the other. Officers might have a similar but more intricate clasp-style closure that featured two interlocking metal parts. In practice, the term "belt plate" refers to any flat, decorated surface on such a clasp. These precede development of modern "western-style" buckles, which feature a hinged frame affixed to one end of the belt and a simple hook clasp which enters the belt hole toward the wearer but leaves most of the buckle on the "outside" of the belt, providing an ample surface for decoration. The distance between the fixed frame or chape of a plate buckle and its adjustment prong is called the "throw."
Box-out "buckles" make the traditional belt seen today. Usually made with an enduring leather or other synthetic material as the band, these belt buckles are less functional but more fashionable. These belts became popular after Hollywood began using them in movies for their "fresh and new look." Now they dominate belt production, and are viewed as a more attractive belt.
Box-frame "buckles" are another, 20th-century style of military friction buckle, common on web belts. The box-frame buckle consists of three parts (front, back and post). An adjustable captive post sits perpendicular to the belt to press it against the outer "box," which completely surround the webbing and minimize accidental adjustments should part of the belt snag on something. There may or may not be a metal tip on the opposite "tongue" end of the belt for easier insertion.
Earlier, military-style buckles often use friction and are designed for use with cloth belts or straps. Simple friction buckles are one-piece frames with no prong whatsoever, the strap or belt winding through a series of slots, and may more technically be called "belt slides" or "belt trims." Although technically not buckles, other fasteners such as plastic "side-clasp" or even seat belt latches are also often used on belts, and colloquially called buckles.
Rise in popularity.
Because of their strong association with military equipment, belt buckles were primarily a masculine ornament well into the 19th century.
Belt buckles became more popular as fashion accessories in the early 20th century, as the tops of trousers moved more toward the waist. "Western-style" belt buckles were largely popularized by cowboy movies in the United States and are often awarded to winners in rodeo events as prize medals or trophies, a custom later adopted by the Western States Endurance Run and a few other ultra-marathons. The large, flat surface of the western-style belt buckles make them a popular ornament or style of jewelry. Decorative "buckle sets" may contain a metal buckle, one or more matching loops which sit next to the buckle and a metal tip for the opposite, "tongue" end of the belt. "Belt plates" may be decorative covers for a plain buckle or other decorative fittings affixed to the belt itself, similar to "conchos" (from a Spanish word for "shell"). Decorative belt loops are sometimes awarded in scouting for participation in or completion of activities.
More recently belt buckles have become a popular fashion accessory, giving rise to a new style known simply as the "front tuck," tucking in one's shirt in an attempt to show off the belt buckle. Also with a rise in technology came an explosion of graphic belt buckles. These buckles made it possible for people to more easily express themselves with graphics and slogans.

</doc>
<doc id="2889329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889329" title="John F. Donahue">
John F. Donahue

John F. Donahue (often known as Jack Donahue) founded Federated Investors (headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) in 1955 and currently serves as chairman. He had been chairman and chief executive officer of Federated and a trustee/director of the firm from 1989 until April 1998. Mr. Donahue is chief executive officer and a director or trustee of the investment companies managed by subsidiaries of the company. He is the father of J. Christopher Donahue, Thomas R. Donahue, each of whom serves as an executive officer and director of the company. Mr. Donahue is a graduate of Central Catholic High School (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) and of the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2889337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889337" title="Koyanagi Station (Aomori)">
Koyanagi Station (Aomori)

History.
Koyanagi Station was opened on November 1, 1986 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East). The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Koyagani Station has two opposed side platforms, connected to an unattended station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="2889344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889344" title="Mundo Feliz">
Mundo Feliz

Mundo Feliz was the second album released by Mexican rock band Fobia in 1991 . Contrary to their first album, the songs have more surreal lyrics and imagery, without losing the eclectic sound that made Fobia famous throughout Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="2889362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889362" title="Thomas of Britain">
Thomas of Britain

Thomas of Britain was a poet of the 12th century. He is known for his Old French poem "Tristan", a version of the Tristan and Iseult legend that exists only in eight fragments, amounting to around 3,300 lines of verse, mostly from the latter part of the story. It is calculated that this represents about one sixth of the original.
Because Thomas has an "obvious dependence" on Wace's 1155 "Roman de Brut", "Tristan" was written between 1155 and 1160, possibly for Eleanor of Aquitaine, since the work suggests close ties with the court of Henry II. Beyond this, his identity is obscure; it has been speculated that he is to be identified with the "Thomas" who wrote the "Romance of Horn", but this is unsupported. It is similar to the Tristan-story "Chevrefoil" by Marie de France, but either author could have borrowed from the other, or both from a third source.
Although Thomas's own text is fragmentary, later adaptations of his work make it possible to reconstruct what is missing:
Thomas' version is the earliest known representative of the "courtly branch" of the legend, to which Gottfried's also belongs. This branch differs from the "common" or "primitive" versions of Béroul and Eilhart von Oberge, in that greater emphasis is placed on pleasing the sensibilities and expectations of a courtly audience. Some scholars have theorized an "Ur-Tristan", an original French version that inspired all later accounts. Joseph Bédier attempted to reconstruct this original from the evidence provided by the later versions.

</doc>
<doc id="2889364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889364" title="Wilhelm von Winthem">
Wilhelm von Winthem

Wilhelm von Winthem (1799 - 1847) was a naturalist and entomologist from Hamburg, Germany, who was chiefly interested in Diptera and Hymenoptera. Well placed in a port city, von Winthem built a world collection.
Winthem belonged to a long-established family of Hamburg merchants. A successful merchant himself he became very wealthy. He purchased huge numbers of insects, concentrating on Diptera, Hymenoptera and Hemiptera. Johann Wilhelm Meigen worked on his European Diptera and he purchased the collection of Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann (who had borrowed specimens from him including flies from Brazil), and many others. Thus he built the most important Diptera collection of the age.
In 1852 his collection was sold to the k.k.Hoffmuseum in Vienna. Kept separately until at least 1880 it was finally incorporated into the main Diptera collections of the Naturhistorisches Museum. Von Winthem's specimens are identified with a printed label "coll.Winthem", usually with the species name added and, appropriately, with Wiedemann's or Meigen's handwritten labels. 
""For almost all the Diptera described in the present paper we are indebted to Wilhelm von Winthem of Hamburg, a young man who is collecting native and exotic insects with unusual enthusiasm and who has already made many welcome discoveries"."
Wiedemann Brasilianische Zweiflügler
1819, "Zoologisches Magazin" (Kiel) 1 (3): 40-56

</doc>
<doc id="2889374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889374" title="Kaufungen Forest">
Kaufungen Forest

The Kaufungen Forest () is a range of steep, wooded hills straddling the border between the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony in central Germany.
The hills lie in the fork of the Rivers Fulda and Werra, which meet at Hannoversch Münden just to the north. They are bounded to the west and north-west by the Fulda valley, and to the east and north-east by the Werra valley. The southern boundary is less clearly defined, as the range merges into the gentler hills of the Söhrewald to the south-west, and climbs towards the high plateau of the Hoher Meißner to the south-east.
The highest natural point is 643m Hirschberg; however the 641m summit of Bilstein forms a much better natural viewpoint, and since 1869 has been crowned with an observation tower. The present tower was erected in 1889 and extended to its present height of 20m in 1960; it offers panoramic views across the region. Other peaks include Mühlenstein (607m),
Haferberg (581m), Langenberg (565m), Großer Steinberg (542m) and Kleiner Steinberg (542m).
The area is popular for walking and especially for cycling; an extensive network of waymarked forestry and agricultural tracks provide excellent traffic-free routes. The annual Bilstein Bike Marathon attracts hundreds of mountain bikers to compete in races of varying length and difficulty. In winter, the same trails are used for cross-country skiing. The main tourist centre for the area is the small town of Großalmerode. Other settlements include Kaufungen (which lends its name to the range), Helsa and Nieste. The larger towns of Kassel, Witzenhausen and Hessisch Lichtenau lie on the western, eastern and southern fringes respectively.
The entire of the area enjoys protected status; the hills in Hesse form part of the "Meißner-Kaufungen Forest Nature Park", while those in Lower Saxony belong to the "Münden Nature Park". However, the southern part of the range may be affected by the planned extension of the A44 autobahn from its present end in Kassel to Eisenach. The controversial extension, which has been delayed and rerouted several times on environmental grounds, is part of a national strategy to improve communications between the east and west of Germany, in the wake of reunification.

</doc>
<doc id="2889382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889382" title="Hilton Park">
Hilton Park

Hilton Park has a number of different meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="2889387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889387" title="WNYM">
WNYM

WNYM (970 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to Hackensack, New Jersey, USA and serving the New York metropolitan area. WNYM is owned by Salem Communications and broadcasts a conservative-leaning, talk radio format. The station's studios are in Lower Manhattan and are shared with co-owned WMCA (570 AM), and WNYM's transmitters are located in Hackensack.
History.
Early years.
The station signed on in 1926 as Newark-licensed WAAT and was founded by the Bremer Broadcasting Company. WAAT originally broadcast on 1270 AM, and changed frequencies several times (moving to 1070 in 1928, 940 in 1930) before settling on 970 kHz in 1941, as per the North American Radio Broadcasting Agreement. In 1947 Bremer launched an FM adjunct, WAAT-FM (94.7, now WNSH), and the following year a sister television station, WATV began broadcasts on channel 13. In 1951 the stations were sold to Irving Rosenhaus; WAAT evolved to a middle of the road music format by the 1950s, similar to what WNEW, WOR, and WCBS were doing at that time. WAAT later attempted a country music format, the first in the New York area.
In 1957 the WAAT/WATV operation was sold by Bremer to National Telefilm Associates, who changed the station's call letters to WNTA. National Telefilm split up its holdings in 1961, with WNTA-TV (now WNET) being sold to a New York City-based nonprofit educational group, and the WNTA radio stations going to Communications Industries Broadcasting. The new owners changed the calls to WJRZ and retained the MOR format until September 15, 1965, when WJRZ became the first radio station in the New York metro area to play a country music format 24 hours a day. Not long after, the station moved its transmitter site and changed its city of license from Newark to Hackensack. WJRZ was the flagship radio outlet for the New York Mets from 1967 until 1971.
The station had a serious fire that destroyed their studios in a house on Hackensack Avenue in North Hackensack, New Jersey on October 17, 1970; the station operated out of a prefab building near their transmitter site for a period of time afterward.
Top 40 years.
The station was put up for sale in the fall of 1970. Around that time, future sister station WMCA dropped top 40 for a talk format, leaving WABC as the only Top 40 radio station.
WJRZ was sold to Pacific and Southern Broadcasting (which merged with Combined Communications Corporation in 1974) on January 6, 1971.;
The station was hampered by a directional signal that covered Manhattan and parts of New Jersey well but suffered in the rest of the Five Boroughs and was virtually nonexistent on Long Island and western New Jersey. Eventually, FM competition from WCBS-FM and adult top 40 station WXLO (now WEPN-FM), and an evolution to adult Top 40 by WNBC (now WFAN), began to eat into WWDJ's ratings. In November 1973 it was ranked 15th in the Arbitron ratings.
Becoming a religious station.
By 1974, the station was losing money and unable to sell enough advertising, and the studios had been moved to the transmitter site. As a result, WWDJ dropped the top 40 format on April 1, 1974, and switched to a religious format. Because the change took place on April Fool's Day, many listeners thought the switch was some sort of joke. Initially, WWDJ sold two-thirds of its daily airtime to outside ministries and played traditional Christian music the rest of the time, with the exception of a few hours on Saturdays devoted to a then-new genre, contemporary Christian music. Prior to Combined Communications' merger into the Gannett Company in 1979, WWDJ was sold to Communicom Corporation of America in April 1978.
CCM years.
By the late 1970s the music during the week was a mix of traditional and soft contemporary. By 1981, the music was adult contemporary Christian and evolved to contemporary Christian by 1984. The station still only played music part-time. They continued with the contemporary Christian music/teaching/preaching format throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s, with Frank Reed (formerly of WNBC) handling mornings.
In 1994 WWDJ was sold to Salem Communications, which since 1989 has owned WMCA, initially retaining its studios on Main Street in Hackensack. As WMCA ran Christian talk and teaching, it was thought that WWDJ would move to music full-time with specialty Christian music programming on weekends, but this did not happen.
Later religious years.
In the fall of 1995, the amount of listeners to the contemporary Christian music dropped. The station's other programming expanded, with music during morning and afternoon drive time hours on weekdays. The announcers were laid off and the station revamped the format to a rhythmic Christian music format. This employed contemporary uptempo praise & worship music, gospel music, and light contemporary Christian songs. They positioned themselves as "The Sound of Praise and Celebration".
This format continued until 2004, when the music was dropped and WWDJ moved to a Christian brokered format. Around this time, Pillar of Fire Church-owned WAWZ (99.1 FM) in Zarephath dropped all but a few religious programs to play contemporary Christian music 18 hours a day, and Salem picked up many bumped shows; this caused Salem to decide to air programming full-time on WWDJ. For about two years, the station billed itself WMCA II all the time, with the WWDJ call letters used only in the hourly station identification. The station's on-air identity reverted to "970 DJ" by 2007, but programming continued to be overflow programs from WMCA, as well as some syndicated mostly-secular personalities such as Laura Schlessinger and Kevin McCullough. They also broadcast infomercials and church services, as well as 30- and 60-minute religious shows.
Becoming a talk station.
On July 25, 2008, WWDJ swapped callsigns with a sister station in the Boston area and became WTTT. After stunting for several days with all-Frank Sinatra ("Frank 97 AM") and all-Pat Boone ("The Booner 970") formats, the WTTT call letters were replaced with WNYM on August 6, 2008, and the format changed to conservative talk, along with a Fox News affiliation. The station airs most of the general-market slate of the Salem Radio Network, including William Bennett, Mike Gallagher, Dennis Prager, Michael Medved and Hugh Hewitt. Curtis Sliwa joined the station in December 2009 and hosted morning and afternoon drive programs (co-hosting with former New York Governor David Paterson in afternoons) through the end of 2013. In January 2014 Joe Piscopo began a test run in morning drive, and was named the permanent host of the shift in late February.
WNYM is the New York City-area affiliate of Syracuse University football and basketball. In addition, as of 2013 WNYM also broadcasts Seton Hall University basketball, as well as games that would normally air on WFAN and WEPN-FM due to programming conflicts.

</doc>
<doc id="2889394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889394" title="Affinity laws">
Affinity laws

The affinity laws for pumps/fans are used in hydraulics and HVAC to express the relationship between variables involved in pump or fan performance (such as head, volumetric flow rate, shaft speed) and power. They apply to pumps, fans, and hydraulic turbines. In these rotary implements, the affinity laws apply both to centrifugal and axial flows.
The affinity laws are useful as they allow prediction of the head discharge characteristic of a pump or fan from a known characteristic measured at a different speed or impeller diameter. The only requirement is that the two pumps or fans are dynamically similar, that is the ratios of the fluid forced are the same.
Law 1. With impeller diameter (D) held constant:
Law 1a. Flow is proportional to shaft speed:, 
Law 1b. Pressure or Head is proportional to the square of shaft speed:
Law 1c. Power is proportional to the cube of shaft speed:
Law 2. With shaft speed (N) held constant: 
Law 2a. Flow is proportional to the impeller diameter: 
formula_4
Law 2b. Pressure or Head is proportional to the square of impeller diameter:
Law 2c. Power is proportional to the cube of impeller diameter:
http://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/affinity-laws-d_408.html
where 
These laws assume that the pump/fan efficiency remains constant i.e. formula_12 . When applied to pumps the laws work well for constant diameter variable speed case (Law 1) but are less accurate for constant speed variable impeller diameter case (Law 2).

</doc>
<doc id="2889398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889398" title="Leche (album)">
Leche (album)

Leche is an album released by Mexican rock band Fobia. The word "Leche" means Milk in Spanish. This was their third album. Their greatest hit "Miel de escorpión" is still a reference song for Rock en español fans. Other hits include "Los cibernoides" and "Plastico".

</doc>
<doc id="2889403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889403" title="Heroic realism">
Heroic realism

Heroic realism is a term which has sometimes been used to describe art used as propaganda. Examples include the Socialist realism style associated with Communist regimes, and the very similar art style associated with Fascism. Its characteristics are realism and the depiction of figures as ideal types or symbols, often with explicit rejection of modernism in art (as "bourgeois" or "degenerate").
Purposes.
Both socialist art and Nazi art were explicitly ordered to be heroic and romantic, and were in consequence ideal rather than realistic.
Heroic realism designs were used to propagate the revolution in the Soviet Union during Lenin's time. Lenin doubted that the illiterate population would understand what abstract visual images were intended to communicate. He also thought that artists, such as constructivists and productivists, may have had a hidden agenda against the government. Movements such as Cubism were denounced as bourgeois and criticized for failure to draw on the heritage of art, whereas proletarian culture had to draw on what was learned in the prior times, and for rejecting the beautiful on the grounds that it was "old". The artists countered such thinking, however, by saying that the advanced art represented the advanced political ideas. 
In literature, Maxim Gorky urged that one obtained realism by extracting the basic idea from reality, but by adding the potential and desirable to it, one added romantism with deep revolutionary potential.
Stalin understood the powerful message which could be sent through images to a primarily illiterate population. Once he was in power, posters quickly became the new medium for educating illiterate peasants on daily life—from bathing, to farming, the posters provided visual instruction on almost everything. In 1931-2, the early emphasis on the "little man" and the anonymous laboring masses gave way to the "hero of labor", derived from the people but set apart by the scale of his deeds. As a consequence, literature filled with "positive heroes" that were frequently extremely tedious.
In 1934, a new doctrine called Socialist realism came about. This new movement rejected the "bourgeois influence on art" and replaced it with appreciation for figurative painting, photography and new typography layouts. Writers were explicitly enjoined to develop "heroization." At the Paris World Fair, Vera Mukhina's "Worker and Kolkhoz Woman" exemplified the ideal New Soviet Man, depicting a man and woman in working clothes, with his hammer and her sickle crossed, in a monumental statue with both striding forward.
Likewise, when Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany in 1933, modern art was condemned as degenerate, and largely prohibited. The Nazis promoted a style of art based on classical models, intended to nurture nationalism. Heroic realism was to inculcate values of sacrifice, duty, and devotion. The heroic man, who was bound to blood and soil, acted rather than thought and sacrificed himself. This particularly favored the heroic death.
Nazi theory explicitly rejected "materialism", and therefore, despite the realistic treatment of images, "realism" was a seldom used term. A painter was to create an ideal picture, for eternity. The images of men, and still more of women, were heavily stereotyped, with physical perfection required for the nude paintings. In painting, peasants were popular images, reflecting a simple life in harmony with nature. 
Sculpture's monumental possibilities gave it a better expression of Nazi racial theories. The most common image was of the nude male, expressing the ideal of the Aryan race. Arno Breker's skill at this type made him Hitler's favorite sculptor. Nude females were also common, though they tended to be less monumental. In both cases, the physical form was to show no imperfections. At the Paris Exposition of 1937, Josef Thorak's "Comradeship" stood outside the German pavilion, depicting two enormous nude males, clasping hands and standing defiantly side by side, in a pose of defense and racial camaraderie.
Heroic realism was also used during the Spanish Civil War, and Western democracies have used the style to promote their aims in times of war.

</doc>
<doc id="2889423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889423" title="Ushpizin">
Ushpizin

Ushpizin (Hebrew האושפיזין) (lit. "the Sukkot guests", from Aramaic "ushpizin" אושפיזין "guests") is a 2004 Israeli film directed by Gidi Dar and written by Shuli Rand. It starred Rand, and his wife, Michal, who had never acted before.
Plot.
Moshe and Mali Bellanga are an impoverished, childless, Hasidic "baal teshuva" ("returnees to Judaism") couple in the Breslov community in Jerusalem. After Moshe is passed over for a stipend he expected, they cannot pay their bills, much less prepare for the upcoming Jewish holiday of Sukkot.
Moshe admires a particularly beautiful "etrog", or citron, one of the four species required for the holiday observance. They console themselves by recalling a saying of Rabbi Nachman of Breslov that difficult times are a test of faith. After some anguished prayer, they receive an unexpected monetary gift on the eve of the holiday and Moshe buys the etrog for 1000 shekels (approx. $300), a large sum of money that is much more than he can afford.
The couple is visited by a pair of escaped convicts, one of whom knew Moshe in his earlier, non-religious life. The convicts become their guests ("ushpizin") in the sukkah, creating many conflicts and straining Moshe and Mali's relationship.
Locations.
Ushpizin was filmed on location in Jerusalem, Israel. While a few scenes were shot in Haredi neighbourhoods, most of the film was shot at the Schneller Orphanage and in Jerusalem's Nachlaot neighbourhood. Several streets in Nachlaot feature frequently in the film: Rama Street (where Ben-Baruch meets Moshe and offers him the Sukkah, and where Moshe and Malli part), Zichron Tuvyah (where Moshe's Yeshiva is located) and Tavor Street, while others appear less frequently or even in single shots. The stone buildings of Nachlaot substitute for the Shmuel Hanavi area, though landmarks such as the Wolfson Towers and the Yad Labanim building reveal the true location.
Soundtrack.
No separate soundtrack has been sold, though two of the main songs—"Ata Kadosh" and "Yesh Rak HaKadosh Baruch Hu"—were later released on an album by Adi Ran.
Release and reception.
The film received mostly positive reviews, and was described as a heart warming tale for the Sukkot holiday. Michal Batsheva Rand's performance won many praises, being her first performance on screen.
The film was a box-office success, becoming one of the most financially successful Israeli movies of 2005. It attracted many religious and Haredi viewers who normally do not go to the cinema.
Haredi culture.
Rand, for religious/modesty reasons, insisted that his wife, who had never acted before, star opposite him in the film.
The film was not directed at the Haredi film consumer, since Haredim do not go to movie theatres. Nonetheless, it attracted much attention and this led to heavy downloading and piracy of the movie from people who otherwise had no access to see the film. After inquiries from people who had watched unauthorized copies of the film asking how to pay, pashkvilen were put up in Haredi neighbourhoods. The advertisements told the public of the financial problem that resulted from the piracy, a reminder of the prohibition against stealing and included a post office box and telephone number in which to pay with a credit card. Another way to repay the makers of the movie was to call up movie theatres, order tickets, and not show up.
Awards and nominations.
The film was nominated for three Ophir Awards and Shuli Rand won for Best Actor. In his speech, he thanked God and Rabbi Nachman of Breslov. The film was also nominated for Best Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor for Shaul Mizrahi.

</doc>
<doc id="2889426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889426" title="Apache Jackrabbit">
Apache Jackrabbit

Apache Jackrabbit is an open source content repository for the Java platform. The Jackrabbit project was started on August 28, 2004, when Day Software licensed an initial implementation of the Java Content Repository API (JCR). Jackrabbit was also used as the reference implementation of JSR-170, specified within the Java Community Process. The project graduated from the Apache Incubator on March 15, 2006, and is now a Top Level Project of the Apache Software Foundation.
JCR specifies an API for application developers (and application frameworks) to use for interaction with modern content repositories that provide content services such as searching, versioning, transactions, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2889440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889440" title="Amor Chiquito">
Amor Chiquito

Amor Chiquito is the fourth album released by Mexican rock band Fobia on December 22, 1995. Of previous albums, "Amor Chiquito" possesses a broader range of melodies, from Hard Rock tunes ("Revolución sin manos", "Descontrol"), to more melodic themes ("Hipnotízame", "Vivo"), to pop songs like "Sin querer". Fobia's signature sound does not change, staying true to its eclectic lyrics full of surreal imagery.
Ten more years would pass before Fobia would sit together again to record another LP.

</doc>
<doc id="2889442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889442" title="WADO">
WADO

WADO is a radio station on 1280 AM. WADO serves New York City and is owned by Univision. The station carries a Spanish language News and Talk format. Its transmitters are located in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
History.
Early programming.
This station was launched as WGL on January 30, 1927, and was owned by the International Broadcasting Corporation. WGL president Colonel Lewis Landes stated on the inaugural broadcast, "The International Broadcasting Corporation's aim is to adhere to truth, to be free of partisanship, religious or political."
WGL was the first station to protest the frequency allocations of the Federal Radio Commission in May 1927. WGL was authorized to move to 1170 AM, but wanted to go to 720, occupied by WOR. When WOR was awarded the 710 frequency, both stations went to court, with WOR eventually winning the case. Finally in June 1927, WGL moved to 1020 AM and shared time with Paterson station, WODA.
In August 1927, studio manager Charles Isaacson announced one of the city's first attempts at local news coverage. WGL was organizing listeners to volunteer as radio reporters and call the station with breaking news stories.
On September 16, 1928, WGL changed calls to WOV and was sold to Sicilian-born importer John Iraci. The WGL call sign was then picked up by a Fort Wayne station, which uses them to this very day.
Italian programming.
WOV's initial programming was aimed at a general audience, but by the mid-1930s, it strengthened its ethnic ties and expanded its Italian-language programming to fill the daytime hours. WOV soon became the dominant Italian voice in the Northeast through its affiliation with share-time station WBIL and Iraci's WPEN in Philadelphia.
Diminishing English programming.
The station was owned by WOV Broadcasting until 1959, when it was sold to Bartel Broadcasters, at which time the station was renamed WADO. During the day, WADO broadcast R&B music. At night, they ran Italian programming. By 1962, some Spanish programming was run on weekends. By 1963, the only English programming found on WADO was in Sunday religious broadcasts.
Talk radio programming.
In 1964, WADO began broadcasting completely in Spanish from 5 a.m. to 8 p.m., and Italian from 8 p.m. to Midnight. Overnight, Asian programming was run. By 1970, Spanish had replaced the Asian format.
Musical programming.
In terms of music, the station played a blend of Spanish MOR and Spanish Oldies. They evolved to a Spanish Adult contemporary and Oldies format by the mid 70's. They dropped Italian programming in 1971.
Sports programming.
WADO currently broadcasts all games of the New York Jets, and certain games for the New York Yankees, New York Knicks, and New York Red Bulls.
Acquisitions.
The station was sold to Command Broadcasting in 1979. In 1986, Heftel bought the station, and over the next three years, moved to a Spanish language adult contemporary and talk format. By the early 1990s, WADO was a Spanish news and talk station. 
In March 1996 they bought WPAT and put a Spanish MOR format there, which would later grow to cover additional languages such as Korean. In 1997, Heftel restructured into Hispanic Broadcasters. They sold WPAT to Multicultural, and acquired WNWK from Multicultural. The brokered shows from WNWK went to WPAT and WCAA went to a Spanish Tropical format. WADO remained News and Talk.
In the 1990s the FCC began to entertain the idea of power increases n the formerly regional channels like 1280. Application was made to raise day power from 5,000 watts on two towers to 50,000 watts on a four tower system. This remained on file, and was periodically amended as the ownership changed. In 1998 the FCC granted a CP for days at 50,000 watts. While planning the rebuilt site, DoE David Stewart hit on the idea of a night power increase using the proposed extra day towers. CP was granted for 7,200 watts. The new system went on air in 2000 using a Harris DX-50 transmitter for days and a DX-10 for nights. The phasing and coupling equipment was designed by Ron Rackley at duTreil, Lundin and Rackley.
In 2002, Hispanic Broadcasting was sold to Univision, making WADO and WCAA Univision-owned and operated stations.
Of the four full-time Spanish stations that battled for listeners during the 1980s (WKDM 1380, WSKQ 620, and WJIT 1480 being the other three), only WADO remains. WSKQ's programming has since been moved to an FM frequency while WJIT (now WZRC) and WKDM have since changed formats.

</doc>
<doc id="2889447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889447" title="Mitch Fifield">
Mitch Fifield

Mitchell Peter "Mitch" Fifield (born 16 January 1967), Australian politician, is member of the Australian Senate since March 2004, representing the state of Victoria for the Liberal Party. Fifield has been the Assistant Minister for Social Services and the Manager of Government Business in the Senate in the Abbott Government since 18 September 2013.
Early years.
Fifield was born in Sydney, the son of two bank employees, and was educated at Barker College and the University of Sydney, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts. Between 1985 and 1987, Fifield served for three years in the Australian Army Reserve Psychology Corps.
Between 1988 to 1992, Fifield was a Senior Research Officer to the NSW Minister for Transport and Sydney's Olympic Bid, Bruce Baird; a Policy Advisor to the Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Industrial Relations, National's MP John Anderson during 1992; a Senior Policy Adviser to the Victorian Minister for Transport, Alan Brown from 1992 to 1996; and Senior Political Adviser to the Federal Treasurer, Peter Costello, from 1996 to 2003.
Since 1996, Fifield held a number of Liberal Party positions, including:
Parliamentary career.
On 31 March 2004, Fifield was appointed by the Parliament of Victoria under section 15 of the Australian Constitution to fill the casual vacancy in the Australian Senate caused by the resignation in February 2004 of Richard Alston. Fifield was re-elected at the 2007 federal election.
After the 2010 election, Fifield was appointed the Shadow Minister for Disabilities, Carers and the Voluntary Sector and Manager of Opposition Business in the Senate.
Throughout his political career, Fifield has been an advocate of voluntary student unionism, as well as allowing women to serve on the front lines of the Australian Defence Force. Along with Andrew Robb, he is also the co-publisher of "The Party Room", a journal designed to promote new policy discussion within the Federal Coalition. Fifield has opposed federal money being spent on cycling infrastructure, and objected to part of the Rudd Government's $42 billion stimulus package being used for new cycleways and home insulation: "I don't think Bradford batts and bike paths is serious economic infrastructure. Call me crazy, but I don't think it is."

</doc>
<doc id="2889448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889448" title="Powder coating">
Powder coating

Powder coating is a type of coating that is applied as a free-flowing, dry powder. The main difference between a conventional liquid paint and a powder coating is that the powder coating does not require a solvent to keep the binder and filler parts in a liquid suspension form. The coating is typically applied electrostatically and is then cured under heat to allow it to flow and form a "skin". The powder may be a thermoplastic or a thermoset polymer. It is usually used to create a hard finish that is tougher than conventional paint. Powder coating is mainly used for coating of metals, such as household appliances, aluminium extrusions, drum hardware, and automobile and bicycle parts. Newer technologies allow other materials, such as MDF (medium-density fibreboard), to be powder coated using different methods.
Properties of Powder Coating.
Because powder coating does not have a liquid carrier, it can produce thicker coatings than conventional liquid coatings without running or sagging, and powder coating produces minimal appearance differences between horizontally coated surfaces and vertically coated surfaces. Because no carrier fluid evaporates away, the coating process emits few volatile organic compounds (VOC). Finally, several powder colors can be applied before curing them all together, allowing color blending and bleed special effects in a single layer.
While it is relatively easy to apply thick coatings which cure to smooth, texture-free coating, it is not as easy to apply smooth thin films. As the film thickness is reduced, the film becomes more and more orange peeled in texture due to the particle size and glass transition temperature (Tg) of the powder. 
Most powder coatings have a particle size in the range of 30 to 50 μm, a softening temperature Tg around 80°C, a melting temperature around 150°C, and are cured at around 200°C. For such powder coatings, film build-ups of greater than 50 μm may be required to obtain an acceptably smooth film. The surface texture which is considered desirable or acceptable depends on the end product. Many manufacturers actually prefer to have a certain degree of orange peel since it helps to hide metal defects that have occurred during manufacture, and the resulting coating is less prone to showing fingerprints.
There are very specialized operations where powder coatings of less than 30 micrometres or with a Tg below 40°C are used in order to produce smooth thin films. One variation of the dry powder coating process, the "Powder Slurry" process, combines the advantages of powder coatings and liquid coatings by dispersing very fine powders of 1–5 micrometre particle size into water, which then allows very smooth, low film thickness coatings to be produced.
For garage-scale jobs, small "rattle can" spray paint are less expensive and complex than powder coating. At the professional scale, the capital expense and time required for a powder coat gun, booth and oven are similar to a spray gun system. Powder coatings have a major advantage in that the overspray can be recycled. However, if multiple colors are being sprayed in a single spray booth, this may limit the ability to recycle the overspray.
Types of powder coatings.
There are two main categories of powder coatings: thermosets and thermoplastics. The thermosetting variety incorporates a cross-linker into the formulation. When the powder is baked, it reacts with other chemical groups in the powder to polymerize, improving the performance properties. The thermoplastic variety does not undergo any additional actions during the baking process, but rather only flows out into the final coating.
The most common polymers used are polyester, polyurethane, polyester-epoxy (known as hybrid), straight epoxy (fusion bonded epoxy) and acrylics. 
Production:
The powder coating process.
The powder coating process involves three basic steps:
Part preparation processes and equipment.
Removal of oil, soil, lubrication greases, metal oxides, welding scales etc. is essential prior to the powder coating process. It can be done by a variety of chemical and mechanical methods. The selection of the method depends on the size and the material of the part to be powder coated, the type of soil to be removed and the performance requirement of the finished product.
Chemical pre-treatments involve the use of phosphates or chromates in submersion or spray application. These often occur in multiple stages and consist of degreasing, etching, de-smutting, various rinses and the final phosphating or chromating of the substrate. The pre-treatment process both cleans and improves bonding of the powder to the metal. Recent additional processes have been developed that avoid the use of chromates, as these can be toxic to the environment. Titanium zirconium and silanes offer similar performance against corrosion and adhesion of the powder. 
In many high end applications, the part is electrocoated following the pretreatment process, and subsequent to the powder coating application. This has been particularly useful in automotive and other applications requiring high end performance characteristics.
Another method of preparing the surface prior to coating is known as abrasive blasting or sandblasting and shot blasting. Blast media and blasting abrasives are used to provide surface texturing and preparation, etching, finishing, and degreasing for products made of wood, plastic, or glass. The most important properties to consider are chemical composition and density; particle shape and size; and impact resistance. 
Silicon carbide grit blast medium is brittle, sharp, and suitable for grinding metals and low-tensile strength, non-metallic materials. Plastic media blast equipment uses plastic abrasives that are sensitive to substrates such as aluminum, but still suitable for de-coating and surface finishing. Sand blast medium uses high-purity crystals that have low-metal content. Glass bead blast medium contains glass beads of various sizes. 
Cast steel shot or steel grit is used to clean and prepare the surface before coating. Shot blasting recycles the media and is environmentally friendly. This method of preparation is highly efficient on steel parts such as I-beams, angles, pipes, tubes and large fabricated pieces.
Different powder coating applications can require alternative methods of preparation such as abrasive blasting prior to coating. The online consumer market typically offers media blasting services coupled with their coating services at additional costs.
Powder application processes.
The most common way of applying the powder coating to metal objects is to spray the powder using an electrostatic gun, or "corona" gun. The gun imparts a positive electric charge to the powder, which is then sprayed towards the grounded object by mechanical or compressed air spraying and then accelerated toward the workpiece by the powerful electrostatic charge. There are a wide variety of spray nozzles available for use in electrostatic coating. The type of nozzle used will depend on the shape of the workpiece to be painted and the consistency of the paint. The object is then heated, and the powder melts into a uniform film, and is then cooled to form a hard coating. It is also common to heat the metal first and then spray the powder onto the hot substrate. Preheating can help to achieve a more uniform finish but can also create other problems, such as runs caused by excess powder. See the article "Fusion Bonded Epoxy Coatings" 
Another type of gun is called a "tribo" gun, which charges the powder by (triboelectric) friction. In this case, the powder picks up a positive charge while rubbing along the wall of a Teflon tube inside the barrel of the gun. These charged powder particles then adhere to the grounded substrate. Using a tribo gun requires a different formulation of powder than the more common corona guns. Tribo guns are not subject to some of the problems associated with corona guns, however, such as back ionization and the Faraday cage effect.
Powder can also be applied using specifically adapted electrostatic discs.
Another method of applying powder coating, called the fluidized bed method, is by heating the substrate and then dipping it into an aerated, powder-filled bed. The powder sticks and melts to the hot object. Further heating is usually required to finish curing the coating. This method is generally used when the desired thickness of coating is to exceed 300 micrometres. This is how most dishwasher racks are coated.
Electrostatic fluidized bed coating.
Electrostatic fluidized bed application uses the same fluidizing technique and the conventional fluidized bed dip process but with much less powder depth in the bed. An electrostatic charging medium is placed inside the bed so that the powder material becomes charged as the fluidizing air lifts it up. Charged particles of powder move upward and form a cloud of charged powder above the fluid bed. When a grounded part is passed through the charged cloud the particles will be attracted to its surface. The parts are not preheated as they are for the conventional fluidized bed dip process.
Electrostatic magnetic brush (EMB) coating.
A coating method for flat materials that applies powder with a roller, enabling relative high speeds and accurate layer thickness between 5 and 100 micrometre. The base for this process is conventional copier technology. Currently in use in some coating applications and promising for commercial powder coating on flat substrates (steel, aluminium, MDF, paper, board) as well in sheet to sheet and/or roll to roll processes. This process can potentially be integrated in an existing coating line.
Curing.
When a thermoset powder is exposed to elevated temperature, it begins to melt, flows out, and then chemically reacts to form a higher molecular weight polymer in a network-like structure. This cure process, called crosslinking, requires a certain temperature for a certain length of time in order to reach full cure and establish the full film properties for which the material was designed. Normally the powders cure at 200°C (390°F) for 10 minutes. The curing schedule could vary according to the manufacturer's specifications. The application of energy to the product to be cured can be accomplished by convection cure ovens, infrared cure ovens, or by laser curing process. The latter demonstrates significant reduction of curing time.
Removing powder coating.
Methylene chloride and Acetone are generally effective at removing powder coating, however most other organic solvents (thinners, etc.) are completely ineffective. Most recently the suspected human carcinogen methylene chloride is being replaced by benzyl alcohol with great success. Powder coating can also be removed with abrasive blasting. 98% sulfuric acid commercial grade also removes powder coating film. Certain low grade powder coats can be removed with steel wool, though this might be a more labor-intensive process than desired. Powder coating can also be removed by a burning off process, in which parts are put into a large high-temperature oven with temperatures typically reaching an air temp of 1100 to 1500 degrees with a burner temperature of 900. The process takes about four hours and requires the parts to be cleaned completely and repowdered. Parts made with a thinner-gage material need to be burned off at a lower temperature to prevent the material from warping.It is also Known as Stripping Process.
Market.
In 2010, the global demand for powder coatings amounts to approximately US$5.8 billion. Driven by the development of new material, new formulations and advancement of equipment and application processes, the powder coating market presents a rapid annual growth of around 6% from 2012 to 2018. Currently, the industrial uses are the largest application market of powder coatings. Automotive industry experiences the most dynamic growth. Steady and strong growth is also expected by furniture and appliance markets. Furthermore, the application of powder coatings in IT & Telecommunication is also being widely explored.

</doc>
<doc id="2889459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889459" title="Aburakawa Station">
Aburakawa Station

History.
Aburakawa Station was opened on December 5, 1951 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). Freight operations were discontinued from July 1970. The station became a "kan'i itaku" station on April 1, 1971, operated by the Japan Travel Bureau. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East, and was operated by JR East until October 1, 2003, when it again became a "kan'i itaku" station, this time under the Jaster Corporation.
Station layout.
Aburakawa Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The short platform requires that trains longer than seven carriages use a door cut system.

</doc>
<doc id="2889466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889466" title="Art of the Third Reich">
Art of the Third Reich

Art of the Third Reich is the officially approved art produced in Nazi Germany between 1933 and 1945. Upon becoming dictator in 1933, Adolf Hitler gave his personal artistic preference the force of law to a degree rarely known before. Only in Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union, where Socialist Realism had become the mandatory style, had a state shown such concern with regulation of the arts.
In the case of Germany, the model was to be classical Greek and Roman art, seen by Hitler as an art whose exterior form embodied an inner racial ideal. It was, furthermore, to be comprehensible to the average man. This art was to be both heroic and romantic. The Nazis viewed the culture of the Weimar period with disgust. Their response stemmed partly from conservative aesthetics and partly from their determination to use culture as propaganda.
The reason for this, as historian Henry Grosshans indicates, is that Hitler "saw Greek and Roman art as uncontaminated by Jewish influences. Modern art was as an act of aesthetic violence by the Jews against the German spirit. Such was true to Hitler even though only Liebermann, Meidner, Freundlich, and Marc Chagall, among those who made significant contributions to the German modernist movement, were Jewish. But Hitler ... took upon himself the responsibility of deciding who, in matters of culture, thought and acted like a Jew."
The supposedly "Jewish" nature of art that was indecipherable, distorted, or that represented "depraved" subject matter was explained through the concept of degeneracy, which held that distorted and corrupted art was a symptom of an inferior race.
By propagating the theory of degeneracy degenerate art, the Nazis combined their anti-Semitism with their drive to control the culture, thus consolidating public support for both campaigns. Their efforts in this regard were unquestionably aided by a popular hostility to Modernism that predated their movement. The view that such art had reflected Germany's condition and moral bankruptcy was widespread, and many artists acted in a manner to overtly undermine or challenge popular values and morality.
Coinciding with the "Entartete Kunst" exhibition, the "Große Deutsche Kunstausstellung" (Great German art exhibition) made its premiere amid much pageantry. This exhibition, held at the palatial "Haus der deutschen Kunst" (House of German Art), displayed the work of officially approved artists such as Arno Breker and Adolf Wissel. "The audience entered the portals of the new museum, already dubbed "Palazzo Kitschi" and "Munich Art Terminal," to a stultifying display carefully limited to idealized German peasant families, commercial art nudes, and heroic war scenes, including not just a few works by jurist Ziegler himself." "...The show was essentially a flop and attendance was low. Sales were even worse and Hitler ended up buying most of the works for the government." At the end of four months "Entartete Kunst" had attracted over two million visitors, nearly three and a half times the number that visited the nearby "Grosse deutsche Kunstausstellung".
Historical background.
The early twentieth century was characterized by startling changes in artistic styles. In the visual arts, such innovations as cubism, Dada and surrealism, following hot on the heels of Symbolism, post-Impressionism and Fauvism, were not universally appreciated. The majority of people in Germany, as elsewhere, did not care for the new art which many resented as elitist, morally suspect and too often incomprehensible.
During recent years, Germany had become a major center of "avant-garde" art. It was the birthplace of Expressionism in painting and sculpture, the atonal musical compositions of Arnold Schoenberg, and the jazz-influenced work of Paul Hindemith and Kurt Weill. Robert Wiene's" The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" and Fritz Lang's "Metropolis" brought expressionism to cinema.
Creation of the "Reichskulturkammer".
In September 1933 the "Reichskulturkammer" (Reich Culture Chamber) was established, with Joseph Goebbels, Hitler's "Reichminister für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda" (Reich Minister for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda) in charge. Individual divisions in the Chamber of Culture for the Reich included: “press, radio, literature, movies, theater, music, and visual arts.” “The purpose of this chamber was to stimulate the Aryanization of German culture and to prohibit, for example, atonal Jewish music, the blues, surrealism, cubism, and Dadaism.” 
Laws targeting culture in the Third Reich.
1. Document 2030-PS: "Decree Concerning the Duties of the Reich Ministry for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda of June 1933" states that “The Reich Minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda has jurisdiction over the whole field of spiritual indoctrination of the nation, of propagandizing the State, of cultural and economic propaganda, of enlightenment of the public at home and abroad; furthermore, he is in charge of the administration of all institutions serving these purposes” This increased the jurisdiction of the Reich Minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda to include “enlightenment in foreign countries; art; art exhibitions; moving pictures and sport abroad”…increased jurisdiction in domestic “Press (including the Institute for Journalism); Radio; National anthem; German Library in Leipzig; Art; Music (including the Philharmonic Orchestra); Theater; Moving Pictures; Campaign against dirty and obscene literature”…Propaganda for tourism.” Signed by The Reich Chancellor, Adolf Hitler.
2. Document No. 2078-PS: "Decree concerning the establishment of the Reichs Ministry of Science, Education and Popular Culture of 1 May 1934" states that “The Chancellor of the Reich will determine the various duties of the Reich Ministry for Science, Education, and Popular Culture.” Signed by The President of the Reich, von Hindenburg, and The Chancellor of the Reich, Adolf Hitler.
3. Document No. 1708-PS: "The program of the NSDAP’’ states that only members of the German race can be citizens (Jews, specifically are denied citizenship), and that non-members of the race can only live in Germany as registered ‘guests’. Point 23 states “We demand legal prosecution of artistic and literary forms which exert a destructive influence on our national life, and the closure of organizations opposing the above made demands.” 
Goebbels also made it clear that: "In future only those who are members of a chamber are allowed to be productive in our cultural life. Membership is open only to those who fulfill the entrance condition. In this way all unwanted and damaging elements have been excluded." By 1935 the Reich Culture Chamber had 100,000 members. 
Nonetheless there was, during the period 1933–1934, some confusion within the Party on the question of Expressionism. Goebbels and some others believed that the forceful works of such artists as Emil Nolde, Ernst Barlach and Erich Heckel exemplified the Nordic spirit; as Goebbels explained, "We National Socialists are not unmodern; we are the carrier of a new modernity, not only in politics and in social matters, but also in art and intellectual matters." However, a faction led by Rosenberg despised Expressionism, leading to a bitter ideological dispute which was settled only in September 1934, when Hitler declared that there would be no place for modernist experimentation in the Reich.
Genres in the Third Reich.
Belief in a Germanic spirit—defined as mystical, rural, moral, bearing ancient wisdom, noble in the face of a tragic destiny—existed long before the rise of the Nazis; Richard Wagner celebrated such ideas in his work. Beginning before World War I the well-known German architect and painter Paul Schultze-Naumburg's influential writings, which invoked racial theories in condemning modern art and architecture, supplied much of the basis for Adolf Hitler's belief that classical Greece and the Middle Ages were the true sources of Aryan art.
Nazi art bears a close similarity to the Soviet propaganda art style of Socialist Realism, and the term heroic realism has sometimes been used to describe both artistic styles. Among the well-known artists endorsed by the Nazis were the sculptors Josef Thorak and Arno Breker, and painters Werner Peiner, Arthur Kampf, Adolf Wissel and Conrad Hommel. In July 1937, four years after it came to power, the Nazi party put on two art exhibitions in Munich. The Great German Art Exhibition was designed to show works that Hitler approved of, depicting statuesque blonde nudes along with idealized soldiers and landscapes. The second exhibition, just down the road, showed the other side of German art: modern, abstract, non-representational—or as the Nazis saw it, "degenerate".
According to Klaus Fischer, "Nazi art, in short, was colossal, impersonal, and stereotypical. People were shorn of all individuality and became mere emblems expressive of assumed eternal truths. In looking at Nazi architecture, art, or painting one quickly gains the feeling that the faces, shapes, and colors all serve a propagandistic purpose; they are all the same stylized statements of Nazi virtues—power, strength, solidity, Nordic beauty."
Painting.
Art of the Third Reich was characterized by a style of Romantic realism based on classical models. While banning modern styles as degenerate, the Nazis promoted paintings that were narrowly traditional in manner and that exalted the "blood and soil" values of racial purity, militarism, and obedience. Other popular themes for Nazi art were the Volk at work in the fields, a return to the simple virtues of Heimat (love of homeland), the manly virtues of the National Socialist struggle, and the lauding of the female activities of child bearing and raising symbolized by the phrase "Kinder, Küche, Kirche" ("children, kitchen, church").
In general, painting – once purged of "degenerate art" – was based on traditional genre painting. Titles were purposeful: "Fruitful Land", "Liberated Land", "Standing Guard", "Through Wind and Weather", "Blessing of Earth", and the like. Hitler's favorite painter was Adolf Ziegler and Hitler owned a number of his works.
Landscape painting featured prominently in the Greater German Art exhibition. While drawing on German Romanticism traditions, it was to be firmly based on real landscape, Germans' Lebensraum, without religious moods. Peasants were also popular images, reflecting a simple life in harmony with nature. This art showed no sign of the mechanization of farm work. The farmer labored by hand, with effort and struggle. Not a single painting in the first exhibition showed urban or industrialized life, and only two in the exhibition in 1938.
Nazi theory explicitly rejected "materialism", and therefore, despite the realistic treatment of images, "realism" was a seldom used term. A painter was to create an ideal picture, for eternity. The images of men, and still more of women, were heavily stereotyped, with physical perfection required for the nude paintings. This may have been the cause of there being very few anti-Semitic paintings; while such works as "Um Haus and Hof", depicting a Jewish speculator dispossessing an elderly peasant couple exist, they are few, perhaps because the art was supposed to be on a higher plane. Explicitly political paintings were more common but still very rare. Heroic imagery, on the other hand, was common enough to be commented on by a critic: "The heroic element stands out. The worker, the farmer, the soldier are the themes ... Heroic subjects dominate over sentimental ones".
With the advent of war, war paintings became far more common. The images were romanticized, depicting heroic sacrifice and victory. Still, landscapes predominated, and among the painters exempted from war service, all were noted for landscapes or other pacific subjects.
Even Hitler and Goebbels found the new paintings disappointing, although Goebbels tried to put a good face on it with the observation that they had cleared the field, and that these desperate times drew many talents into political life rather than cultural. In a speech at the "Greater German Art Exhibition" in Munich Hitler said in 1939: 
By 1938, nearly 16,000 works by German and non-German artists had been seized from German galleries and either sold abroad or destroyed.
Sculpture.
Sculpture's monumental possibilities gave it a better expression of Nazi racial theories. The Greater German Art Exhibit displayed, throughout Nazi years, a steady rise in the number of sculptures at the expense of paintings. The most common image was of the nude male, expressing the ideal of the Aryan race. Arno Breker's skill at this type made him Hitler's favorite sculptor. Nude females were also common, though they tended to be less monumental. In both cases, the physical form was to show no imperfections.
Josef Thorak was another official sculptor whose monumental style suited the Third Reich.
Music.
Similarly, music was expected to be tonal and free of jazz influence; films and plays were censored. "Musical fare alternated between light music in the form of folk songs or popular hits ("Schlager") and such acceptable classical music as Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, and Italian Opera."
Germany's urban centers in the 1920s and 30s were buzzing with jazz clubs, cabaret houses and avant garde music. In contrast, the National Socialist regime made concentrated efforts to shun modern music (which was considered degenerate and Jewish in nature) and instead embraced classical "German" music. Highly favored was music which alluded to a mythic, heroic German past such as Johann Sebastian Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven and Richard Wagner. Anton Bruckner was highly favored as his music was regarded as an expression of the zeitgeist of the German volk. The music of Arnold Schoenberg (and atonal music along with it), Gustav Mahler, Felix Mendelssohn and many others was banned because they were Jewish or of Jewish origin. Paul Hindemith fled rather than fit his music into Nazi ideology. Some operas of Georg Friederich Händel were either banned outright for themes sympathetic to Jews and Judaism or had new librettos written for them.
Music by non-German composers was tolerated if it was classically inspired, tonal, and not by a composer of Jewish origin or having ties to ideologies hostile to the Third Reich. The Nazis recognized Franz Liszt for having German origin and fabricated a genealogy that purported that Frédéric Chopin was German, and the Nazi Governor-General of occupied Poland even had a "Chopin Museum" built in Krakow. Music of the Russian Peter Tchaikovsky could be performed in Nazi Germany even after Operation Barbarossa. Operas by Gioacchino Rossini, Giuseppe Verdi and Giacomo Puccini got frequent play. Such contemporary composers as the Russian Igor Stravinsky and Béla Bartók were tolerated until they ran afoul of Nazi politics.
There has been controversy over the use of certain composers' music by the Nazi regime, and whether that implicates the composer as implicitly Nazi. Composers such as Richard Strauss, who served as the first director of the Propaganda Ministry's music division, and Carl Orff have been subject to extreme criticism and heated defense.
Jews were quickly prohibited from performing or conducting classical music in Germany. Such conductors as Otto Klemperer, Bruno Walter, Ignatz Waghalter, Josef Krips, and Kurt Sanderling fled Germany. Upon the Nazi seizure of Czechoslovakia, the conductor Karel Ančerl was blacklisted as a Jew and was sent in turn to Theresienstadt and Auschwitz.
Musicologists of the Third Reich.
As the Nazi regime accrued power in 1933, musicologists were directed to rewrite the history of German music in order to accommodate Nazi mythology and ideology. Richard Wagner and Hans Pfitzner were notable preexisting composers who conceptualized a united order ("Volksgemeinschaft") where music was an index of the German community. In a time of disintegration, Wagner and Pfitzner wanted to revitalize the country through music. In a book written about Hans Pfitzner and Wagner, published in Regseneberg in 1939 followed not only the birth of contemporary musical parties, but also of political parties in Germany. The Wagner-Pfitzner stance contrasted ideas of other notable artists – Arnold Schonberg and Theodor W. Adorno – who wanted music to be autonomous from politics, Nazi control and application. Although Wagner and Pfitzner came before the Third Reich, their sentiments and thoughts, Wagner's "Gesamtkunstwerk", were appropriated by Hitler and his propagandists – notably Joseph Goebbels. According to Michael Meyer, "The very emphasis on rootedness and on tradition music underscored Nazi understanding of itself in a dialectic terms: old gods were mobilized against the false values of the immediate past to offer legitimacy to the epiphany of Adolf Hitler and the music representation of his realm."
Composers, librettists, educators, critics, and especially musicologists, through their public statements, intellectual writings, and journals contributed to the justification of a totalitarian blueprint to be implanted through nazification. All music was then composed for the occasions of Nazi pageantries, rallies, and conventions. Composers dedicated so called 'consecration fanfares,' inaugurations fanfares and flag songs to the Fuhrer. When the Fuhrer assumed power the Nazi revolution was immediately expressed in musicological journalism. Certain progressive journalism pertaining to modern music was purged. Journals that had been sympathetic to the ‘German viewpoint,’ entrenched in Wagnerian ideals, like the "Zeischrift fur Musik" and "Die Muzik", showed confidence in the new regime and affirmed the process of intertwining government policies with music. Joseph Goebbels used the "Volkscher Beobatcher", a journal that was disseminated to the general public in addition to elites and party officials, as an organ of Reich Culture. By the end of the 1930s the "Mitteilungen der Reichsmusikkammer" became another prominent journal that reflected the music policy, organizational and personnel changes in musical institutions.
In the early years of the Third Reich, the musicologists and musicians redirected the orientation of music, defining what was "German Music" and what was not. Nazi ideology was applied to the evaluation of musicians for hero status; musicians defined in the new German musical era were given titles of prophets, while their accomplishments and deeds were seen as direct accomplishments of the Nazi regime. The contribution of German musicologists led to the justification of Nazi power and a new German music culture in whole. The musicologists defined the greater German values that musicians would have to identify with, because their duty was to integrate music and National Socialism in way that made them look inseparable. Nazi myth making and ideology was forced upon the new musical path of the Third Reich rather than truly embedded in the rhetoric of German music.
Graphic design.
The poster became an important medium for propaganda during this period. Combining text and bold graphics, posters were extensively deployed both in Germany and in the areas occupied. Their typography reflected the Nazis' official ideology. The use of Fraktur was common in Germany until 1941, when Martin Bormann denounced the typeface as "Judenlettern" and decreed that only Roman type should be used. Modern sans-serif typefaces were condemned as cultural Bolshevism, although Futura continued to be used owing to its practicality.
Imagery frequently drew on heroic realism. Nazi youth and the SS were depicted monumentally, with lighting posed to produce grandeur.
Literature.
The Reich Chamber of Literature "Reichsschriftstumskammer"
Literature was under the jurisdiction of Goebbels's Ministry of Propaganda and Popular Enlightenment. According to Grunberger, "At the beginning of the war this department supervised no less than 2,500 publishing houses, 23,000 bookshops, 3,000 authors, 50 national literary prizes, 20,000 new books issued annually, and a total of 1 million titles constituting the available book market." Germany was Europe’s biggest producer of books—in terms both of total annual production and the number of individual new titles appearing each year. In 1937, at 650 million RM, the average sales value of the books produced took third place in the statistics on goods, after coal and wheat. The first National Socialist literature commission, set itself the goal of eradicating the literature of the ‘System Period’, as Weimar was contemptuously called, and of propagating volkisch-nationalist literature in the Nazis state. Literature was recognized early on as an essential political tool in the Third Reich as virtually 100 percent of the German population was literate. "The most widely-read-or displayed-book of the period was Hitler's "Mein Kampf", a collection (according to Leon Feuchtwanger) of 164,000 offences against German grammar and syntax; by 1940, it was, with 6 million copies sold, the solitary front-runner in the German best-seller list, some 5 million copies ahead of Rainer Maria Rilke and others."
Richard Grunberger says, "In 1936 literary criticism as hitherto understood was abolished; henceforth reviews followed a pattern: a synopsis of content studded with quotations, marginal comments on style, a calculation of the degree of concurrence with Nazi doctrine and a conclusion indicating approval or otherwise."
The Third Reich permitted much foreign literature to be read, in part because they believed that the writings of authors such as John Steinbeck and Erskine Caldwell substantiated the Nazis' condemnation of Western society as corrupt. However, when the United States entered the war, all foreign authors were strictly censored.
Themes in Nazi literature.
"The range of permissible literary expression was largely limited to four subjects--war, race, soil, and the Nazi movement."
"Fronterlebnis" (War as a Spiritual Experience).
This was one of the most popular themes during the interwar period. Writers celebrated the "heroics of front-line soldiers in War I...the thrill of combat and the sacredness of death when it is in the service of the fatherland." Popular writers in this genre included Ernst Junger and Werner Beumelburg, an ex-officer.
"Blut und Boden" (Blood and Soil).
Novels in this theme often featured "an instinctive and soil-bound peasant community ward[ed off alien outsiders who to destroy [their way of life." The most popular novel of this kind was Hermann Lons's "Wehrwolf" published in 1910.
Historical ethnicity.
Klaus Fischer says Nazi literature emphasized "Historic Ethnicity--that is,how a group of people defines itself in a process of historical growth. Writers tried to highlight prominent episodes in the history of the German people; they stressed the German mission for Europe, analyzed the immutable racial essence of Nordic man, and warned against subversive or un-German forces—the Jews, Communists, or Western liberals."
Prominent writers included:
Architecture.
Hitler favored hugeness, especially in architecture, as a means of impressing the masses. "A once mediocre artist and aspiring architect, Hitler also pronounced upon the "decadence" of modern art and pushed his planners to create monumental buildings in older neoclassical or art deco styles." 
Theatre and cinema.
"The Reich Film Chamber ("Reichsfilmkammer") controlled the lively German film industry, while a Film Credit Bank (also under Goebbels' control) centralized the financial aspects of film production." Approximately 1363 feature pictures were made in the Third Reich (208 of these were banned after World War II for containing Nazi Propaganda). Every film made in the Third Reich (including features, shorts, newsreels, and documentaries) had to be passed by Joseph Goebbels himself before they could be shown in public.
Mass culture was less stringently regulated than high culture, possibly because the authorities feared the consequences of too heavy-handed interference in popular entertainment. Thus, until the outbreak of the war, most Hollywood films could be screened, including "It Happened One Night", "San Francisco", and "Gone with the Wind". While performance of atonal music was banned, the prohibition of jazz was less strictly enforced. Benny Goodman and Django Reinhardt were popular, and leading English and American jazz bands continued to perform in major cities until the war; thereafter, dance bands officially played "swing" rather than the banned jazz.
A film premiered in Berlin on November 28, 1940, which was clearly a tool used to promote Nazi Ideology. The release of the film "Der ewige Jude" (The Eternal Jew) was only two months prior to the announcement made by German officials of the establishment of the ghetto in Łódź. The film was portrayed in the Nazi press as a documentary to emphasize the cinema as truth, when in reality it was nothing more than propaganda to raise hatred against the Jewish community in its viewers.
The filmmaker, Fritz Hippler, used numerous visual techniques to portray Jews as a filthy, degenerate, and disease infested population. Purporting to provide the viewer with an in depth look at the Jewish lifestyle, the film showed staged scenes of Łódź (soon to be ghetto) with the presence of flies and rats, to suggest a dangerous-to-life area of Europe; which in turn only perpetuated underlying superstition and fear to the viewer. To add to this staged and exaggerated scene of filth was a warning released by officials of The Reich: an advisory that Łódź is an area of widespread infectious disease. The film director utilized racist cinema to bolster the illusion that Jews were parasites and corruptors of German culture.
Hippler made use of voice-overs to cite hate speeches or fictitious statistics of the Jewish population. He also borrowed numerous scenes from other films, and presented them out of context from the original: for example, a scene of a Jewish businessman in the United States hiding money was accompanied with a bogus claim that Jewish men get taxed more than non-Jews in the United States, which was used to insinuate that Jews withhold money from the government. Through the repetitive use of side angles of Jewish people, who were filmed (without knowledge) while looking over their shoulder at the camera, "Der ewige Jude" created a visual suggesting a shifty and conspiring nature of Jews. Yet another propaganda technique was superposition. Hippler superimposed the Star of David onto the tops of world capitals, insinuating an illusion of Jewish world domination.
"Der ewige Jude" is notorious for its anti-Semitism and its use of cinema in the fabrication of propaganda, to satisfy Hitler and to embrace the Germanic ideology that would fuel a nation in support of an obsessive leader.
“On the lighter side, a Jewish actor named Leo Reuss fled Germany to Vienna, where he dyed his hair and beard and became a specialist in ‘Aryan’ roles, which were greatly praised by the Nazis. Having had his fun, Reuss revealed he was a Jew, signed a contract with MGM, and departed for the United States” 
The Hitler Museum.
Apart from auctioning art that was to be purged from Germany’s collection, Germany’s art that was considered as especially favourable by Hitler were to be combined to create a massive art museum in Hitler’s hometown of Linz, Austria for his own personal collection. The museum to-be by 1945 had thousands of pieces of furniture, paintings, sculptures and several other forms of fine craft. The museum was to be known as the “Führermuseum”. By the late spring of 1940 art collectors and museum curators were in a race against time to move thousands of pieces of collectables into hiding, or out of soon-to-be-occupied territory where it would be vulnerable to confiscation by German officials—either for themselves, or for the Führer. On June 5, a particularly important movement of thousands of paintings occurred, which included the "Mona Lisa", and all were hidden in the Loc-Dieu Abbey located near Martiel during the chaos of invasion by German forces. Art dealers did their best to hide artwork in the best places possible; Paul Rosenberg managed to move over 150 great pieces to a Libourne bank, which included works by Monet, Matisse, Picasso, and van Gogh. Other collectors did whatever they could to remove France's artistic treasures to the safest locations feasible at the time; filling cars, or large crates en route to Vichy, or south through France and into Spain to reach transport by boat. Art dealer Martin Fabiani moved mass quantities of pictures: drawings and paintings to be boarded onto a ship so that the prized possessions were to be in safer keeping on British soil in Bermuda, although when the ship's contents arrived, complications arose over proof of ownership of foreign assets from France. British consuls were wary of exports and carefully inspected shipments from France, after which Fabiani’s assets were relocated to Canada, in the charge of the Registrar of the Exchequer Court of Canada where they were to remain until the end of the war. Similar shipments landed in New York, all in an effort to protect artistic treasures from confiscation, theft, and destruction.
By the end of June, Hitler controlled most of the European continent. As people were detained, their possessions were confiscated; if they were lucky enough to escape, their belongings left behind or in storage became the property of Germany. By the end of August, officials of the Reich were granted permission to access any shipping containers and remove any desirable items inside. As well as looting goods that were to be shipped out of occupied territories, Arthur Seyss-Inquart authorized the removal of any objects found in houses during the invasion, after which a long and thorough search was in effect for European treasures.
Artwork became an important commodity in the German economy: no one in German or axis-controlled countries was allowed to invest outside of the new Germanic-controlled territory, which in turn created a self-contained market. With few options available for investments, art was of great importance to anyone with cash, including the Führer himself, as a safe form of investment, and even in trade for the lives of others. At the height of trading in 1943, art was even used by Pieter de Boers, who was the head of Dutch association of Art Dealers, and the largest seller to Germans in the Netherlands, in the exchange of the release of his Jewish employee. Demand began to increase dramatically, forcing prices to rise, and only furthering the desire to discover hidden treasures within occupied territory.
As exploration continued within occupied France, and by order of the Führer, a list was created which included all of the great works of art in France, and the German Currency Unit began to open private bank units which contained countless collectors' property and possible items on the list. The owner of the vault was required to be present. One particular investigation of a vault was that of Pablo Picasso; he chose a rather clever tactic when soldiers searched the contents of his vault. He packed his own artworks with countless other artists’ works of his collection in a chaotic manner, with the result that the investigators thought that nothing in the collection was significant, and took nothing.
As confiscations began to pile up in massive quantities, the items filled the Louvre, and forced Reich officials to use the Jeu de Paume, a small museum, for additional space, and for proper viewing of the collection. The grand stockpile of art was ready for Hitler to choose from: the Führer had first choice for his own collection; second were objects that would complete collections of the Reichsmarschall; third was intended for whatever was useful to support Nazi ideology; a fourth category was created for German museums. Everything was supposed to be appraised and paid for, with proceeds being directed to French war-orphans.
Hitler also ordered the confiscation of French works of art owned by the state and the cities. Reich officials decided what was to stay in France, and what was to be sent to Linz. Further orders from the Führer also included the return of artworks that were looted by Napoleon from Germany in the past. Napoleon is considered the unquestioned record holder in the act of confiscating art.
Art theft.
Later, as the occupiers of Europe, the Germans trawled the museums and private collections of Europe for suitably "Aryan" art to be acquired to fill a bombastic new gallery in Hitler's home town of Linz. At first a pretense was made of exchanges of works (sometimes with Impressionist masterpieces, considered degenerate by the Nazis), but later acquisitions came through forced "donations" and eventually by simple looting.
The purge of art in Germany and occupied countries was extremely broad. The Nazi theft is considered to be the largest art theft in modern history including paintings, furniture, sculptures, and anything in between considered either valuable, or opposing Hitler’s purification of German culture. During the Second World War, art theft by German forces was devastating, and the resurfacing of missing stolen art continues today, along with the fight for rightful ownership. Not only did the Reich confiscate and reallocate countless masterpieces from occupied territories during the war, but also put to auction a large portion of Germany's collection of great art from museums and art galleries. In the end, the confiscation committees removed over 15,000 works of art from German public collections alone.
It took four years to “refine” the Nazi art criteria; in the end what was tolerated was whatever Hitler liked, and whatever was most useful to the German government from the point of view of creating propaganda. A thorough head-hunting of artists within Germany was in effect from the beginning of the Second World War, which included the elimination of countless members within the art community. Museum directors that supported modern art were attacked; artists that refused to comply with Reich-approved art were forbidden to practice art altogether. To enforce the prohibition of practicing art, agents of the Gestapo routinely made unexpected visits to artist’s homes and studios. Wet brushes found during the inspections or even the smell of turpentine in the air was reason enough for arrest. In response to the oppressive restrictions, many artists chose to flee Germany.
Before the impending war and a time of simply looting occupied nation’s art treasures, but during the Reich’s efforts to free Germany of conflicting art, authorities of the Nazi party realized the potential revenue of Germany’s own collection of art that was considered degenerate art which was to be purged from German culture. The Reich began to collect and auction countless pieces of art—for example, “on June 30, 1939 a major auction took place at the elegant Grand Hotel National in the Swiss resort town of Lucerne”. All of the paintings and sculptures had recently been on display in museums throughout Germany. This collection offered over 100 paintings and sculptures by numerous famous artists, such as Henri Matisse, Vincent van Gogh, and Pablo Picasso; all of which were considered “degenerate” pieces by Nazi authorities and were to be banished from Germany. An auction of this magnitude was viewed as suspicious by potential buyers, who feared that the profits would end up funding the Nazi party: “The auctioneer had been so worried about this perception that he had sent letters to leading dealers assuring them that all profits would be used for German museums”. In reality, all of the proceeds from the auction were deposited into “German controlled-accounts”, and the museums “... as all had suspected, did not receive a penny”.
Individual artists.
"Many German writers, artists, musicians, and scientists not only stayed but flourished under the Nazis, including some famous names such as Werner Heisenberg, Otto Hahn, Max Planck, Gerhart Hauptmann, Gottfried Benn, Martin Heidegger, and many others", according to Klaus Fischer.
In September 1944 the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda prepared a list of 1,041 artists considered crucial to National Socialist culture, and therefore exempt from war service. This Gottbegnadeten list provides a well-documented index to the painters, sculptors, architects and filmmakers who were regarded by the Nazis as politically sympathetic, culturally valuable, and still residing in Germany at this late stage of the war.
Degenerate art forms.
Hitler's rise to power on January 31, 1933 was quickly followed by actions intended to cleanse the culture of degeneracy: book burnings were organized, artists and musicians were dismissed from teaching positions, artists were forbidden to utilize any colors not apparent in nature, to the "normal eye", and curators who had shown a partiality to modern art were replaced by Nazi Party members. “Through the Ministry of Propaganda or the ERR, the Nazis destroyed or quarantined the culture of all the nations they invaded.” "A four-man purge tribunal (Professor Ziegler, Schweitzer-Mjolnir, Count Baudissin and Wolf willrich) toured galleries and museums all over the Reich and ordered the removal of paintings, drawings and sculptures that were regarded as 'degenerate'." "The swathe these four apocalyptic Norsemen cut through Germany's stored-up artistic treasure has been estimated at upwards of 16,000 paintings, drawings, etchings and sculptures: 1,000 pieces by Nolde, 700 by Haeckel, 600 each by Schmidt-Rottluff and Kirchner, 500 by Beckmann, 400 by Kokoschka, 300-400 each by Hofer, Pechstein, Barlach, Feininger and Otto Muller, 200-300 each by Dix, Grosz and Corinth, 100 by Lehmbruck, as well as much smaller numbers of Cezannes, Picassos, Matisses, Gauguins, Van Goghs, Braques, Pisarros, Dufys, Chiricos and Max Ernst." In 1939, 4000 of those works seized were "burned in the courtyard of the headquarters of the Berlin Fire-brigade." 
The term "Entartung" (or "degeneracy") had gained popularity in Germany by the late 19th century when the critic and author Max Nordau devised the theory presented in his 1892 book, "Entartung". Nordau drew upon the writings of the criminologist Cesare Lombroso, whose "The Criminal Man", published in 1876, attempted to prove that there were "born criminals" whose atavistic personality traits could be detected by scientifically measuring abnormal physical characteristics. Nordau developed from this premise a critique of modern art, explained as the work of those so corrupted and enfeebled by modern life that they have lost the self-control needed to produce coherent works. Explaining the painterliness of Impressionism as the sign of a diseased visual cortex, he decried modern degeneracy while praising traditional German culture. Despite the fact that Nordau was Jewish (as was Lombroso), his theory of artistic degeneracy would be seized upon by German National Socialists during the Weimar Republic as a rallying point for their anti-Semitic and racist demand for Aryan purity in art.
Germany lost “thousands of intellectuals, artists, and academics, including many luminaries of Weimar culture and science", according to Raffael Scheck. Fischer says that "as soon as Hitler seized power, many intellectuals rushed to the exits."
Proscribed literature.
According to Pauley, “literature was the first branch of the arts to be affected by the Nazis.” “As early as April 1933, the Nazis had compiled a long blacklist of "left", democratic, and Jewish authors which included several famous authors of the nineteenth century.” Large scale book burnings were staged across Germany in May 1933. Two thousand five hundred writers, including Nobel prize winners and writers of worldwide best sellers, left the country voluntarily or under duress, and were replaced by people without international reputations.” 
In June, 1933 the "Reichsstelle zur Forderung des deutschen Schrifttums" (Reich Office for the Promotion of German Literature) was established. Jan-Pieter Barbian says, “On the level of the state, the Reich Ministry of Popular Enlightenment and Propaganda and the Reich Chamber of Literature had to share responsibility for literary policy with the new Reich Ministry of Science, Education, and Public Instruction and the Foreign Office.” “The full repertoire—which also included the consistent removal of Jews and political opponents—was brought to bear during the twelve years of Nazi rule: on writers and publishers; book wholesaling; the retail, door-to-door, and mail-order book libraries, public libraries, and research libraries.” 
Between November 1933 and January 1934 publishers were informed "that supplying and distributing the works named is undesirable for national and cultural reasons and must therefore cease." Publishers, who often faced enormous economic losses when books were banned, received letters stating that the “authorities responsible would proceed against any indiscretion in the most rigorous manner”. Companies which had published primarily “the fiction of naturalism, expressionism, Dadaism, and New Objectivity; modern translated literature; and critical nonfiction ... suffered enormous economic losses.” A few of the hardest hit publishers were “Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt, S.Fischer Verlag, Gustav Kiepenheuer Verlags-AG, Rowohlt, Ullstein Verlags-AG, and Kurt Wolff Verlags-AG”. In 1935, the same year that “Goebbels assumed complete control over censorship,” the Reichsschrifttumskammer banned the work of 524 authors. "The Office for the Supervision of Ideological Training and Education of the NSDAP...became another watchdog of the state, spying on writers, developing black lists, encouraging book burnings, and emptying museums of 'non-German' works of art." Punishments varied, some individuals were censored or had their work destroyed or publicly ridiculed, while others were incarcerated in concentration camps.
"During World War II, 1939-1945, identical indexes of forbidden literature were applied by the Nazis in all occupied countries as well as in Germany’s allied countries: Denmark, Norway, France, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Belarus, Poland, Yugoslavia, Greece, and of course, Germany."
Book burnings.
Described as a cleaning action or "Sauberung", book burnings, known as the ‘’Bucherverbrennung’’ in Germany, and sometimes referred to as the bibliocaust, began on May 10, 1933, when the Association of German Students confiscated some 25,000 books from the Institute for Sexual Research and several captured Jewish libraries, which were burned in Opernplatz. Like a lit fuse, the bonfire triggered book burning in other cities all over Germany, including Frankfurt and Munich, where the burnings were part of an orchestrated program, including music and speeches. “Political police groups like the SA, the SS, and the Gestapo unleashed a campaign of intimidation that often frightened people into burning their own books.”
“The blind writer Helen Keller published an "Open Letter to German Students:" 'You may burn my books and the books of the best minds in Europe, but the ideas those books contain have passed through millions of channels and will go on.'”
Degenerate Art exhibition.
Modern artworks were purged from German museums. Over 5,000 works were initially seized, including 1,052 by Nolde, 759 by Heckel, 639 by Ernst Ludwig Kirchner and 508 by Max Beckmann, as well as smaller numbers of works by such artists as Alexander Archipenko, Marc Chagall, James Ensor, Henri Matisse, Jean Metzinger, Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh. These became the material for a defamatory exhibit, "Entartete Kunst" ("Degenerate Art"), featuring over 650 paintings, sculptures, prints, and books from the collections of thirty two German museums, that premiered in Munich on July 19, 1937 and remained on view until November 30 before travelling to eleven other cities in Germany and Austria. In this exhibition, the artworks were deliberately presented in a disorderly manner, and accompanied by mocking labels. "To 'protect' them, children were not allowed in."
Coinciding with the "Entartete Kunst" exhibition, the "Große Deutsche Kunstausstellung" (Great German art exhibition) made its premiere amid much pageantry. This exhibition, held at the palatial "Haus der deutschen Kunst" (House of German Art), displayed the work of officially approved artists such as Arno Breker and Adolf Wissel. At the end of four months "Entartete Kunst" had attracted over two million visitors, nearly three and a half times the number that visited the nearby "Grosse deutsche Kunstausstellung".
The Degenerate Art Exhibition included works by some of the great international names - Paul Klee, Oskar Kokoschka and Wassily Kandinsky - along with famous German artists of the time such Max Beckmann, Emil Nolde and Georg Grosz. The exhibition handbook explained that the aim of the show was to "reveal the philosophical, political, racial and moral goals and intentions behind this movement, and the driving forces of corruption which follow them".Works were included "if they were abstract or expressionistic, but also in certain cases if the work was by a Jewish artist," says Jonathan Petropoulos, professor of European History at Claremont McKenna College and author of several books on art and politics in the Third Reich. Hitler had been an artist before he was a politician - but the realistic paintings of buildings and landscapes that he preferred had been dismissed by the art establishment in favor of abstract and modern styles. So the Degenerate Art Exhibition was his moment to get his revenge. He had made a speech about it that summer, saying "works of art which cannot be understood in themselves but need some pretentious instruction book to justify their existence will never again find their way to the German people". The Nazis claimed that degenerate art was the product of Jews and Bolsheviks, although only six of the 112 artists featured in the exhibition were actually Jewish. The art was divided into different rooms by category - art that was blasphemous, art by Jewish or communist artists, art that criticized German soldiers, art that offended the honor of German women. One room featured entirely abstract paintings, and was labelled "the insanity room". The idea of the exhibition was not just to mock modern art, but to encourage the viewers to see it as a symptom of an evil plot against the German people. The curators went to some lengths to get the message across, hiring actors to mingle with the crowds and criticize the exhibits. The Degenerate Art Exhibition in Munich attracted more than a million visitors - three times more than the officially sanctioned Great German Art Exhibition.
Individual artists (proscribed) in the Third Reich.
Banned in the Third Reich and/or living in exile:

</doc>
<doc id="2889473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889473" title="Navadurga">
Navadurga

Navadurga (Devanagari:नवदुर्गा), which literally means "nine Goddess Durgas", constitute, according to Hindu mythology, the manifestation of Durga in nine different forms. These nine forms of manifestation are , , , , , , , and ; together worshipped during the Navratri (Nine Divine Nights) celebration in Autumn each year.
Forms of manifestation.
Durga, the Mother Goddess of the Hindus and a form of Devi and Shakti is Adi Parashakti and the Navadurga or Nine Durgas.The Navadurga are the different forms of Devi Durga.
Meditative mantra.
Each one of the "Navadurga" is known by a particular name and the deity has a particular "dhyana-mantra", a "mantra" for meditation, a free English version of which is mentioned below:
May the illustrious "Shailputri Durga" whom I salute and whose head is adorned by a halfmoon, who rides nandi, a bull and carries a spear fulfill the desires of my heart. She is known as 1st phase of Durga when she took birth as the daughter of Great Himalayas. 
May the supreme "Brahmachari Durga", who holds rosary and kamandalu in her lotus hands and whose nature is to attain "Sachchidanandamaya Brahmaswarupa" the Existence-Knowledge-Bliss absolute, be propitious on me. 
May that "Durga Devi", who rides on Tiger, who is endowed with intense anger and violence and is renowned by the name of "Maa Chandraghanta", bestow her grace on me. Chandraghanta Maa is known and named Chandraghanta or Chandra-Khanda as Maa Durga wears the semi-circular moon (Chandra) which appears like a bell (Ghanta) on her forehead. 
May "Kushmanda Ma Durga" who holds two pitchers full of blood in her lotus hands and the universe is created, sustained and drawn within Devi's ownself in a wink be propitious for me. In this form Mother Durga creates solar system by liberating her power to Lord Sun.
May the renowned "Durga Devi Skandamata" who is eternally seated on a throne and whose hands are adorned with lotuses, be ever propitious to me. As Mother of Skanda or Kartikeya, Maa Parvati or Maa Durga is known as Skandmata.
May the ever watchful "Durga Devi Kartyayani", who holds shining "Chandrahasa" (Sword) in Devi's hand and rides a magnificent lion and destroys the demons, bestow welfare on me.
May she "Bhayankari Maa Durga" who is with long lips, riding an ass, shining in various hues looks formidable because of the halo of Devi's lustre and is adorned with multi coloured ornaments remove my darkness of ignorance. 
May the "Mahagauri Ma Durga" who rides a white Vrishaba the bull and who wears spotless white clothes and remains ever pure and also provides ever lasting bliss to Mahadeva Lord Shiva bestow all auspiciousness. 
May the ever victorious "Siddhidayini Ma Durga", who is always worshipped by the hordes of siddha, gandharva, yaksha, asura, and Deva, bestow success at my every venture. She is one who was worshiped by Lord Shiva to become in the form of Goddess Ardhnarishwara, then Goddess Shakti Appeared from the left side of Lord Shiva

</doc>
<doc id="2889474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889474" title="Aguascalientes Museum">
Aguascalientes Museum

The Aguascalientes City Museum is located in the City of Aguascalientes, in the state of Aguascalientes Mexico, as the premier Art Museum in the City.
It was built in 1903 by Refugio Reyes Rivas in a neoclassical style. Its facade outstands as a Greek Temple made out of groove capitals and columns. It is built in pink quarry.
The interior is composed of two yards; the first yard has carved columns; and the second yard has central quarry fountains, work of José Refugio Reyes Rivas. It has capital columns and arcs.
History.
Used to be known as “Escuela Normal del Estado” (State Teaching School) when built in 1903, and it was enlarged from 1915 to 1916, it became a museum due to the IV centenary of the foundation of the city, in October 1975 the state open the museum in this edification after being condition for this use. The reason to turn this place into a museum was to recognize the work of the most outstanding plastic artists of Aguascalientes.
The displays.
The Art museum contains works of many paintings and sculptures. Is possible to admire some of the most beautiful sculptures of Jesús F. Contreras. Specially the "Malgre Tout" (After all..) reproduced in plastic materials and its original it is in the Museo Nacional de Arte, Mexico City. This work was internationally awarded in Paris France; the name of the sculpture was given to it, due to the amputation of the right arm of the artist. Consequence to an infection before finishing its master piece. 
There are also exhibitions from the work of Francisco Díaz de León; paintings by Gabriel Fernández Ledezma and the work of Saturnino Herrán “El más pintor de los mexicanos y más mexicano de los pintores“(“the most painter of the Mexican and the most Mexican of the painters“). 
There are temporal contemporarily painting and sculpture exhibitions all year long.

</doc>
<doc id="2889477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889477" title="WWRV">
WWRV

WWRV 1330 is a Spanish Christian music and teaching station and serves the New York area. It is owned by Radio Vision Cristiana Management.
For years 1330 was WEVD, named after the Socialist Party leader Eugene V. Debs. The Socialists purchased radio station WSOM/1220, transmitting from Woodhaven in the New York City borough of Queens in August 1927 as a means of reaching a mass audience with socialist ideas. Owing to the party's financial difficulties station was taken over by the publishing association of the left wing Yiddish-language daily newspaper the "Jewish Daily Forward" in 1932.
By the '60s they also had 97.9 WEVD-FM (now WSKQ-FM). The AM station shared its frequency with another station, also licensed to New York City, WPOW (formerly called WBBR, no relation to the current station with those call letters on 1130). In 1981 "The Forward" sold 1330 to Salem Media. Salem renamed the station WNYM and made it a Christian features station from 6 AM to 4:30 PM while running foreign language religious shows after 4:30 PM. 
In 1983 Salem leased the entire broadcast day except from 6 AM to 9 AM to Radio Vision. The station at that time shifted to its current Spanish Religious format. In 1989 Salem bought 570 WMCA and sold WNYM to Radio Vision. The Spanish religious format was expanded to broadcast all day, every day, and the station call sign was changed to WWRV to reflect the station's new identity.
WWRV studios are at 419 Broadway in Paterson, New Jersey and share transmitting towers with WNYM in North Hackensack, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2889479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889479" title="Montague Island (Australia)">
Montague Island (Australia)

Montague Island () is 9 kilometres offshore from Narooma on the south coast of New South Wales, Australia. It was sighted by James Cook and named Cape Dromedary, then identified as an island and named by the master of the Second Fleet convict transport Surprize after George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax. Montague Island is a popular tourist destination, known for its lighthouse, wildlife (especially little penguins), and recreational activities.
Lighthouse.
On the island is a lighthouse maintained by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. The lighthouse was designed by James Barnet and built in 1881. It was automated in 1986 and demanned in 1987. The lighthouse is 21 metres tall and the light is 80 metres above sea level with a nominal range of 20 nautical miles (37 km) and a geographic range of 17 nautical miles (31 km). The original Fresnel lens was removed in 1986 and is now on display at the Narooma Lighthouse Museum.
Intending visitors to the lighthouse (both day visitors and overnight stays) must first check with the National Parks and Wildlife Service.
The next lighthouse to the north is the Burrewarra Point lighthouse.
Amateur radio expeditions to the island were organised in 2010 and 2011.
Wildlife.
Forty nine species of fauna have been recorded on the island by the New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service.
Little Penguins.
The island is home to a large colony of Little Penguins on the island. As the island has no foxes or feral cats, the penguins have no predators other than other sea birds and seals. With the restoration of native habitat and the provision of penguin breeding boxes, penguin numbers have increased, and there are now approximately 12,000 on the island. The female usually lays two eggs, and during a good year, both chicks will survive. The birds come ashore at dusk after feeding at sea, and visitors to the island can watch the birds from a platform near the jetty.
Crested Terns.
Crested terns, "Sterna bergii," have brilliant white feathers covering the body while the head is completely black.
Shearwaters.
Shearwaters, also known as mutton birds, nest on the island. Species recorded are: 
Seals.
The northern tip of the island is the seasonal home to a seal bachelor colony. Due to the site's remoteness, it is only possible for visitors to see them from a boat.
The majority of the seals are Australian Fur Seals, "Arctocephalus pusillus doriferus". New Zealand Fur Seals "(Arctocephalus forsteri)", Subantarctic Fur Seals "(Arctocephalus tropicalis)" and Australian Sea Lions "(Neophoca cinerea)" have also been observed.
Environmental restoration.
Kikuyu grass is a major weed on the island. Originally introduced in the early 19th century to help feed the animals kept by the lighthouse keepers and their families, it has spread to cover most of the south island. To control it, NPWS officers poison a section, then burn it, before replanting with help from volunteers. In the less accessible areas of the northern and eastern parts, an aerial spraying program is used to manage the kikuyu where it infests shearwater breeding sites. The kikuyu is a barrier for the shearwaters and penguins who cannot penetrate it to move or to burrow. Various native species are used to replant areas after the kikuyu grass has been controlled.

</doc>
<doc id="2889482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889482" title="Fobia on Ice">
Fobia on Ice

Fobia on Ice was a live album released by Fobia, a Mexican rock band on December 16, 1997. After Fobia's first live album, band members Leonardo de Lozanne, Paco Huidobro, Cha!, and Iñaki would part ways without formally breaking up until recording together again in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2889493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889493" title="Morley Nelson">
Morley Nelson

Morlan "Morley" Nelson (October 5, 1916 – February 12, 2005) was an American falconer and educator. He is best known as a seminal influence on raptor conservation in the Western United States.
Early life.
Morlan W. Nelson was born in Barnes County, North Dakota. He was raised on the Sheyenne River, north of Valley City, North Dakota. His parents were from Scandinavian heritage and raised corn, grain, hay, and cattle on a 1,200-acre farm. Nelson became interested in raptors at an early age, especially the peregrine falcon. He graduated from North Dakota State University with a degree in soil science in 1938. During World War II, Nelson served in the 10th Mountain Division and received a Bronze Star, a Purple Heart, and a Silver Star for his bravery and leadership.
Raptor protection.
After the War, Nelson continued his work with raptors, and, after relocating to Idaho, became interested in the golden eagle. In 1958, he influenced the Idaho Legislature to enact a law protecting raptors in that state. He worked with many electrical power companies to modify their transmission lines to prevent large raptors like the eagle from electrocuting themselves. He worked on numerous films with Walt Disney, including "Ida, the Offbeat Eagle" in 1964.
In the 1970s, ABC television and John Denver produced a one-hour documentary on eagles and hawks titled The Eagle and the Hawk. The title song was on Denver's album Aerie The documentary so far has not been released, nor can it be found on YouTube.
In 1980, he was instrumental in establishing the Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area.
On March 30, 2009, President Barack Obama signed the Omnibus Public Lands Management Act of 2009, PL 111-11, section 2301 of which formally recognized Nelson's contributions by renaming the Conservation Area as the Morley Nelson Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area. Nelson also influenced the establishment of the World Center for Birds of Prey in Boise, Idaho.
Throughout his life, Morley Nelson rehabilitated injured raptors brought to him, including many exotic species. His home in the foothills of Boise was well known as a place to see and learn about all sorts of birds of prey, and he would talk for hours about his passion to anyone who showed interest.

</doc>
<doc id="2889500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889500" title="Jimmy Wang (actor)">
Jimmy Wang (actor)

Wang Zhengquan (born March 28, 1943), better known as Jimmy Wang Yu and Wong Yu-lung, is a Shanghai-born Taiwanese actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. Wang rose to fame in 1967 with his starring role in "One-Armed Swordsman", a martial arts film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. "The Chinese Boxer" (1969), another film he acted in, is credited as the first Hong Kong action film that kickstarted the unarmed combat genre that took Asia by storm in the 1970s.
Acting career.
Before joining the Hong Kong-based Shaw Brothers Studio in 1963, Wang served in the National Revolutionary Army and was also a swimming champion in Hong Kong and a car racing enthusiast. In 1968, he acted with Cheng Pei-pei in the wuxia film "Golden Swallow", directed by Chang Cheh. Following that, Wang starred in many other wuxia films, including "Temple of the Red Lotus" (1965), "One Armed Boxer" (1971), "Master of the Flying Guillotine" (1976) and "Return of The Chinese Boxer" (1977).
If "One-Armed Swordsman" was the movie that launched Wang's acting career, "The Chinese Boxer" was the film that sealed his fame in Hong Kong cinema. The latter has been credited as being the first Hong Kong martial arts film that kickstarted the unarmed combat genre, mainly kung fu. It also triggered a phenomenon that filled the ranks of many Chinese martial arts associations across Southeast Asia. Chinese youths, in their bid to emulate Wang, took to punching sandbags, and reading up on the history of Shaolin Kung Fu.
Controversy dogged Wang after the fame that exploded with "The Chinese Boxer". He broke his contract with the Shaw Brothers Studio, and was promptly slapped with a lawsuit. The legal tussle that ended in the studio's favour led to Wang being banned from making films in Hong Kong. Wang then looked to Taiwan for better career prospects, linking up with Golden Harvest and other independent film outfits. His subsequent works were mostly filmed in Taiwan.
With the success of "The Chinese Boxer", Wang stood unchallenged in Southeast Asia for the rest of the 1960s as the Chinese actor with the most formidable fists and legs. But beginning in the 1970s, Wang's star began to be eclipsed with the entry of new actors, many with superior martial arts training such as Ti Lung, David Chiang, and especially Bruce Lee, whose role in "The Big Boss" (1971) revolutionised the martial arts film genre.
In 1976, Wang appeared alongside Jackie Chan in Lo Wei's "Killer Meteors". In the late 1970s, Wang helped Chan when then the latter sought his help in settling a dispute with Lo Wei. Chan eventually repaid the favour with his roles in Wang's films, "Fantasy Mission Force" (1982) and "Island of Fire" (1990).
In 1986, Sammo Hung cast Wang as Wong Kei-ying (the father of Chinese folk hero Wong Fei Hung) in "Millionaire's Express". In the years that followed, Wang kept a low profile, making a rare public appearance in 2002 at the funeral of Chang Cheh.
Wang acted in more than 70 films in a career that spanned more than two decades. Even though he left an indelible mark on the history of martial arts film, he was never the accomplished martial artist which his films made him to be. It was actually camera techniques and film editing that gave Wang the aura of invincibility in the fighting arena. Additionally, he was in fact a Shotokan karate exponent. Still, credit belongs to him for paving the way for other martial arts films and actors that came after he had left the stage. He was once the highest paid martial arts film actor in Hong Kong before Bruce Lee broke the record.
Private life.
Wang's private life is actually more colourful than his film career. For years, his off-screen exploits thrilled
newspaper and periodical readers with somewhat torrid accounts of his various affairs, well-publicised drunken bar brawls and other niceties.
In 1969, Wang married actress Jeanette Lin, who was nine years his senior. Before that, Wang had a scandalous affair with the wife of film director Qin Jian. Qin hung himself before a divorce took place. Jeanette Lin, who had a high profile in Hong Kong cinema in the 1950s and 1960s, left the industry almost immediately after her marriage. Matrimony turned out to be a tumultuous affair for both Wang and Lin. Amid allegations of wife-beating, the marriage crumbled in 1975. Wang and Lin had three daughters. Their eldest daughter Linda Wong became a popular Cantopop singer in the 1990s. Lin migrated to the United States in 1977 and died in 1995 after an asthma attack.
Wang later remarried, this time to air hostess Wang Kaizhen (王凱貞). This marriage, too, proved to be a stormy relationship and Wang Kaizhen filed for divorce. Maybe out of frustration, Wang Kaizhen started an affair with a young businessman Zhang Zhao (張昭). Having gotten wind of it, Wang, accompanied by reporters and the police, surprised the couple at their lodging and publicly exposed his wife. After public humiliation was heaped on the couple, Wang divorced his second wife in 1997.
There were other serious problems in Wang's life. In 1981, he faced a murder charge in Taiwan. However, the charge was dropped due to lack of evidence. Wang's involvement in public brawls also made headlines from time to time.
In 2011 Wang Yu suffered a stroke which caused him to loose much of his strength in the left side of his body. However, he worked vigorously at his physical therapy, even exceeding the doctor's recommended pace. Reportedly he would lift his arm 1000 times a day instead of 200, and he would walk three times the suggested distance. As a result of his efforts he can walk and talk almost normally, and he can lift his left arm, though he can no longer use its full strength. Since then he has tried to live normally, and has even returned to film work. He admitted to even driving to his physical therapy session with the use of only the one arm, but explained that his daughter put a stop to that when she found out and had hired him a driver.

</doc>
<doc id="2889504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889504" title="Tsugaru-Miyata Station">
Tsugaru-Miyata Station

History.
Tsugaru-Miyata Station was opened on November 25, 1959 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Tsugaru-Miyata Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The station is unattended, and is managed from Aomori Station. It has no station building, but only a small weather shelter on the platform.

</doc>
<doc id="2889511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889511" title="Gregory David Roberts">
Gregory David Roberts

Gregory David Roberts (born June 1952) (born Gregory John Peter Smith) is an Australian author best known for his novel "Shantaram". He is a former heroin addict and convicted bank robber who escaped from Pentridge Prison in 1980, and fled to India where he lived for ten years.
Life.
Roberts had become addicted to heroin after his marriage ended, and he lost custody of his young daughter. In his efforts to finance his drug habit, Roberts became known as the "Building Society Bandit" and the "Gentleman Bandit", because he had chosen to rob only institutions with adequate insurance, he would wear a three-piece suit, and he always said "please" and "thank you" to the people he robbed. Roberts believed at the time that in this way he was lessening the brutality of his acts, but later in his life he admitted that people only gave him money because he had made them afraid. He escaped from Pentridge Prison in 1980.
In 1990, Roberts was captured in Frankfurt after being caught smuggling heroin into the country. He was extradited to Australia and served a further six years in prison, two of which were spent in solitary confinement. According to Roberts, he escaped prison again during that time, but then he relented and smuggled himself back into jail. His intention was to serve the rest of his sentence to give himself the chance to be reunited with his family. During his second stay in Australian prison, Roberts began writing the novel "Shantaram". The manuscript was destroyed by prison wardens, twice, while Roberts was writing it.
Writing career.
After leaving prison, Roberts was able to finally finish and publish his novel, "Shantaram". The book's name comes from the name his best friend's mother gave him, which means "Man of Peace," or "Man of God's Peace." There is debate as to how much of "Shantaram" is based on true events or is a conflation of real life and fantasy.
Roberts lived in Melbourne, Germany, and France and finally returned to Mumbai, where he set up charitable foundations to assist the city's poor with health care coverage. He was finally reunited with his daughter. He got engaged to Francoise Sturdza, who is the president of the Heart for India Foundation. Roberts also wrote the original screenplay for the movie adaptation of "Shantaram".
In 2009, Roberts was named a Zeitz Foundation Ambassador for Community. Ambassadors help raise awareness and shape activities in their areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2889517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889517" title="Museo Descubre">
Museo Descubre

Museo Descubre (Full name: ""Descubre, Museo Interactivo de Ciencia y Tecnología"" or ""Discover Interactive Museum of Science and Technology"") is a hands-on, interactive museum located in the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, Mexico. Inside, the museum is shaped like a spiral, leading inward to various paths of knowledge. The museum creates a link between fun and learning by allowing visitors to actively participate by touching and playing with exhibits. The museum has exhibits on the sciences of life science, earth science, and social sciences. It also contains an IMAX dome, allowing viewers to view films in full panorama.
It also contains an auditorium, coffee shop and souvenir stores.
External links.
Out of service
Out of service

</doc>
<doc id="2889522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889522" title="Nanyuki">
Nanyuki

Nanyuki is a market town in Laikipia County of Kenya lying northwest of Mount Kenya along the A2 road and at the terminus of the branch railway from Nairobi. It is situated just north of the Equator (0° 01' North). It was founded in 1907 by British settlers, some of whose descendants still live in and around the town. Nanyuki is currently the main airbase of the Kenya Air Force. The British Army also keeps a base at The Nanyuki Show Ground (NSG) from where it conducts yearly desert and jungle training exercises on the mountain and in the arid areas to the north. 
History.
The town was started by British settlers during in the early days of colonial Kenya in 1907. Some of their descendants still live in or around the town. The town is today multi-cultural and is the market center for farms, ranches, game parks and wildlife conservancies in the region. It's also the base for people seeking to climb Mount Kenya, the most famous landmark in the country. The Equator line passes south of this town.
Economy & Overview.
Nanyuki municipality had an urban population of 31,577 in 1999 ([http://treasury.go.ke/cbs.go.ke/pdf/authority.pdf]). Most members of the population earn their money through trade. Shops in the town supply many farms, ranches and game parks in a wide circle. Originally, most shops were owned by Indians, who still form a sizable part of the population. Climbers and backpackers visit Nanyuki on their way to or from Mount Kenya along the Sirimon and Burguret routes and many other tourists pass through the town. Nanyuki therefore has many hotels, of which Mount Kenya Safari Club and Sportsman’s Arms Hotel are the most prominent and best known. Other hotels include Lion’s Court, Equatorial Hotel, Mount Kenya Paradise Hotel and Joskaki Hotel. The oldest restaurant in town is The Marina and it is still fairly popular. Several years ago, a restaurant was opened south of Nanyuki built inside a huge tree. Named “Trout Tree Restaurant” its main attraction is obviously trout prepared in various ways. Patrons can also visit the trout breeding installation at the foot of the tree. Another notable restaurant is "Barneys" located at Nanyuki Civil Airfield, once the base of the No. 1340 Flight RAF, which flew Harvards during the Mau Mau Uprising.
There is little large-scale industry in Nanyuki. There used to be a textile factory, Mount Kenya Textile (Mountex) Mills. The British management deteriorated over the years, which largely contributed to its bankruptcy in 1978. Years later, the factory, which had remained more or less intact, was bought by an Asian businessman, an inhabitant of Nanyuki. Some textile was produced. The factory eventually closed due to cheap imports and outdated machinery and finally was looted to the ground. There have also been a number of sawmills in Nanyuki. However, with the almost total ban on tree felling on Mount Kenya, these either closed down or are now eking out a difficult existence. Recently, large horticultural operations have come to Nanyuki.
A park lies in the centre of the town and two rivers, the Nanyuki and Liki Rivers, pass through it. The Equator passes through the southern part of Nanyuki. One crosses it when approaching Nanyuki on the A2 from the south. This spot is popular with tourists who have themselves photographed there. Some people are usually at hand to show them the supposed effect of the Coriolis force, which they say makes draining water swirl clockwise or anticlockwise depending on whether one is on the northern or southern hemisphere, though as noted in the article about the Coriolis force, the effect is detectable only in the laboratory and the "demonstrations" at the Equator are merely engaging diversions.
Nanyuki can be reached by air. Its airport lies south of the town and is served by light aircraft along the highway to Nairobi . There is a regular air service by Air Kenya, which is very convenient for businessmen and tourists. The town is also reachable using the all weather road from Nairobi. Tourists can visit a number of parks and reserves in the vicinity of Nanyuki, the most obvious one being Mount Kenya National Park. Others are Sweetwaters Game Reserve, Lewa Wildlife Conservancy, Samburu National Reserve and Shaba National Reserve. 
The creative space, restaurant and bar at the Lily Pond Arts Centre is a wonderful retreat.
Nanyuki has some of the cleanest water in Kenya since the water supply source is a river from Mt. Kenya. The entire water system is gravity fed, from the supply to the sewer system.
Academic institutions in Nanyuki include Nanyuki High School, Moi Equator Girls' High School, St Christopher's School (formerly the Beehive School), Braeburn International School Nanyuki, Nanyuki Primary School, Mary Immaculate Primary School, Brickwoods High School, Nkando Primary School, Inooro Secondary School, St. Jude Nturukuma secondary, Mt. Kenya Secondary School and others.
References.
Lily Pond Arts Centre - Nanyuki
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Nanyuki/109692282382543

</doc>
<doc id="2889525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889525" title="John Hogg">
John Hogg

John Joseph Hogg (born 19 March 1949) is an Australian former politician, who was a member of the Australian Senate for the state of Queensland from July 1996 to June 2014, representing the Australian Labor Party. He was elected the 23rd President of the Senate on 26 August 2008.
Hogg was born in Brisbane to Francis Patrick and Catherine Frances Hogg. He attended St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace and then the University of Queensland, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science. He later completed a Diploma in Primary Teaching at Kedron Park Teachers College, part of the Queensland University of Technology, and he has taught at both primary and secondary schools. He was an official with the Shop, Distributive and Allied Employees Association (SDA) from 1976 to 1996. In 1978 he married Susan Mary Lynch, and subsequently raised two daughters and a son.
Hogg joined the ALP in 1976 and became an active member in the organization, attending the Queensland State Conference as a delegate in 1981 and the National Conference in 1984. He became a member of the ALP's Administrative Committee in 1982 and eventually a representative on the National Executive. He continued to rise within the party, eventually becoming the Chair of the ALP National Policy Committee (Government Administration) in 1991. He was preselected as first candidate on the ALP ticket for the Queensland Senate to replace retiring Gerry Jones in 1996. A member of the Labor Right faction, he defeated the Socialist Left candidate Jeff Slowgrove 76 to 72. He was elected and took office as Senator on 1 July 1996. In August 2002 Hogg was elected Deputy President of the Senate and Chairman of Committees. After the ALP won government in 2007, Hogg was elected to replace Alan Ferguson as President of the Senate.
On 10 August 2012, Senator Hogg said that he would be retiring from politics at the end of his term. He did not contest the 2013 federal election. John Hogg's term as Senator and Senate President expired on 30 June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2889528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889528" title="Okunai Station">
Okunai Station

History.
Okunai Station was opened on December 5, 1951 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). It became unattended from 1961-1987. In 1968, freight operations were suspended. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The station building burned down in a fire in November 1999 and the present building was completed in March 2000. The station has been unattended again since 2001.
Station layout.
Okunai Station has a dual opposed side platform serving two tracks. The platforms are short, necessitating the use of a door cut system for trains linger than 5 carriages long. The station is unattended, and is managed from Aomori Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2889532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889532" title="Wow 87*04">
Wow 87*04

Wow 1987-2004 is a Spanish language rock and roll greatest hits album by Mexican band Fobia. This is Fobia's first recording of any type since 1997's Fobia on Ice. This anthology compiles Fobia's greatest hits from their first five albums Fobia (1990), Mundo Feliz (1991), Leche (1993), Amor Chiquito (1995), and Fobia on Ice (1997), along with two new songs.
Original members Leonardo de Lozanne (voice), Paco Huidobro (guitar), Cha! (bass), and Iñaki (keyboards) returned, along with new drummer Jay de la Cueva and recorded two new singles: "Más caliente que el sol" and "Hoy tengo miedo". It represents their come back from a long pause of the group, the members took a brake pursuing new projects and joined to record this album.

</doc>
<doc id="2889537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889537" title="Naran (film)">
Naran (film)

Naran (Malayalam: നരന്‍, English: "The Man") is a 2005 Malayalam film written by Ranjan Pramod and directed by Joshi. The film tells the story of Mullankolli Velayudhan (Mohanlal), a homeless ruffian with a good heart.
It was one of the Onam releases in 2005.
Plot.
Mullankolli is a rustic remote village in northern Kerala. Velayudhan (Mohanlal) is an orphan who came floating during floods and he was brought up by Valiya Nambiar (Madhu) a do-gooder and a feudal landlord of the area.
Velayudhan grows up into a riff-raff, drunkard and a local rowdy with a good heart. He hates injustice and has set his own rules for the villagers who are scared of him including local moneylender and politician - Member Kurupu (Jagathy) and Gopinathan Nambiar (Siddique), son-in-law of Valiya Nambiar who wants to rule over the village in his own way.
When Velayudhan plants a staff, it means that it has his stamp of authority. The only man who he listens to is Valiya Nambiar and to a certain extent Kelappan (Innocent) who looked after him as a child. The villagers including Kurupu and Gopinathan regularly bring goondas from outside the village to eliminate Velayudhan but they fail. There are three women in his life - a prostitute Kunnummel Shantha (Sona Nair) old flame Janaki(Devayani) and Kelappan's daughter Leela (Bhavana). But things turn bleak for Velayudhan due to the machinations of Gopinathan which leads to the climax.
Soundtrack.
The songs of this movie has composed by Deepak Dev and lyrics were penned by Kaithapram.
Reception.
The movie which was released during Onam season became superhit and ran for more than 100 days.
Sify gave 5 stars rating and wrote "Veteran director and his script writer Ranjan Pramod uses Mohanlal's larger-than-life image and blends it with the milieu, successfully in this action adventure film laced with sentiments. It is old wine in a new tetra pack with hardly any story or twists but the great man simply lights up the screen with his sheer presence."

</doc>
<doc id="2889540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889540" title="Museum of Contemporary Art (Aguascalientes)">
Museum of Contemporary Art (Aguascalientes)

The Aguascalientes Museum of Contemporary Art is an art gallery located in the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, Mexico and has 6 galleries.
In the "Jesús F. Contreras" gallery there are art works by contemporary Mexican artists. These were rewarded works from the Young Encounter of Arts; in another gallery is the work of Enrique Guzmán Villagómez, a recognized artist whose work is expressionist in nature. In the Arts Library gallery, there are works by photographers from a variety of backgrounds and styles.
In the first floor Saturnino Herrán gallery, temporary exhibitions by recognized Mexican and international artists are exhibited.
History.
The warehouse "El Número# 8" opened its doors in 1918. Since then, its location has been the corner of Morelos Street and Primo Verdad in the city of Aguascalientes. The name of the organization was decided because the rural state #8 used to be there in the street that was called Independencia, also because the new owner, José de Jesús Rábago, was born in the 8th day of the 8th month of 1888. Mr. Rábago acquire the rural state almost new due to its construction date that was in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="2889548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889548" title="WZRC">
WZRC

WZRC, on 1480 kHz, known on-air as (AM 1480 ), is a radio station owned by Multicultural Radio Broadcasting, Inc. and serves the New York City area by running Cantonese programs. It is one of two Cantonese radio stations serving in the metro area, the other is Chung Wah Chinese Broadcasting Company.
History.
The Formation and The Popes.
This station started out as WHOM and was founded in 1930 by the New Jersey Broadcasting Corp. The call letters stood for owner Harry O'Melia. In the 1940s the station aired ethnic brokered programming and was owned by Generoso Pope. The Popes had a media empire, including: The National Enquirer, Il Progresso Italo-Americano, Il Bollettino della Sera, Il Corriere d'America, and the Philadelphia daily L'Opinione. Pope used his influence through his media empire to secure the vote of the election of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Harry S. Truman.
1960 – 1982.
In 1960 it evolved to mostly Spanish. In 1975 the station was sold to SJR communications along with WHOM-FM. WHOM-FM would become AC WKTU (then years later disco then rock WXRK, talk as WFNY-FM, and later rock again turned Top 40 WXRK again). WHOM AM was renamed WJIT (Radio Jit) and went from diversified Spanish to Spanish contemporary music. In the late '70s WJIT was the leading salsa and merengue station on the New York dial. The format changed to Spanish Adult Contemporary and the station was sold, along with WKTU 92.3, to Infinity Broadcasting in 1982.
1982 – 1998.
Infinity in 1989 decided that with a new Spanish station on 97.9 that it should move 1480 WJIT (by then known as talk station 1480 Radio America) to an English format. So it shut down the Spanish format that spring and made the station WZRC. It took a heavy metal based satellite rock format and named the station "Z Rock". The call letters WZRC, were originally used in Chicago by the flagship station for the network, "Z-Rock 106.7 FM" from 1986-1987.
In December 1992 WZRC shortly switched to classic country through a satellite delivered service. But that February WZRC switched to a Korean brokered programming. Infinity continued to own the radio station until after its merger with CBS. At that point it owned 92.3 WXRK, 101.1 WCBS-FM, 102.7 WNEW-FM, 660 WFAN, 880 WCBS, 1010 WINS, and 1480 WZRC. While it was not required to sell WZRC it opted to anyhow and sold the station in 1998 to Multicultural Media.
Multicultural kept the Korean format but after a few years, in 2002, switched to Chinese and now in Cantonese (to complement Multicultural's Sinocast network broadcast locally on 92.3 FM subcarrier).

</doc>
<doc id="2889562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889562" title="St Mary's Church, Handsworth">
St Mary's Church, Handsworth

St Mary's Church, Handsworth, also known as Handsworth Old Church, is an Anglican church in Handsworth, Birmingham, England. Its ten-acre (4 hectare) grounds are contiguous with Handsworth Park and it is just off the Birmingham Outer Circle and south of a cutting housing the site of the former Handsworth Wood railway station. It is noteworthy as the resting place of famous progenitors of the industrial age, and has been described as "the cathedral of the Industrial Revolution".
History.
Despite the strong Industrial Revolution profile, St Mary's parish register deposited at the Library of Birmingham commences in 1558, and the first stone church building was erected on the site around 1160. It was a small and austere Norman structure, occupying about half of the present south aisle. The church's few surviving Norman features can be seen at the lower stages of the sandstone tower at the original church's east end.
In its long history, St Mary's has undergone successive and opinionated reconstruction, especially in 1820 and 1870. As a Staffordshire country church placed at the convergence of several cross country tracks, St Mary's became a significant part of the largest industrial city in Britain.
In his 1851 "History, Gazetteer and Directory of Staffordshire", William White records: 
Handsworth Church, St Mary, is picturesquely situated on the Hamstead road, about two miles (3 km) NNW of Birmingham. It is an ancient structure, partly rebuilt and enlarged in 1820, and has a tower with six bells, which like the other remaining parts of the ancient fabric, is in the decorated style of the time of Edward III. In the chancel are two recumbent effigies of members of the Wyrley family, and an ancient piscena. On the south side, a neat groined chapel has been raised over the vault of the late celebrated engineer, James Watt, Esq, of whom there is in the chapel a beautiful white marble statue, by Chantrey. Among the numerous mural monuments in the church is one in memory of the late Matthew Boulton, Esq, of Soho. The rectory is in the patronage of the Rev John Peel, DD, and the Rev George William Murray, MA, is the incumbent.
Handsworth parish was transferred from Staffordshire to Warwickshire in 1911. The rectory to which White refers was demolished in the 1890s to make way for the large pond of Handsworth Park and at the start of the 21st century it is more accurate to describe St Mary's as situated on Hamstead Road in the Victorian suburb of Handsworth, in the Birmingham electoral ward of Lozells and East Handsworth; and, since 1974, the West Midlands county.
Plans to end the neglect of the Churchyard.
In 2006, and indeed for over 25 years, St Mary's churchyard has bordered on utter dereliction. It is a closed graveyard, with the apparently empty spaces to the south of the graveyard harbouring the final resting places of numerous paupers whose names are recorded in the Church Register but whose remains were interred without coffins or visible memorials, beyond the unevenness of the overgrown ground above them. The condition of the churchyard-—as a place that feels unsafe to some, whose memorials have become inaccessible to many, their inscriptions overgrown with ivy, headstones broken, unstable or unreachable through the surrounding undergrowth—-is recognised as a reproach to all who know the place. Even so, to those who enter the lime avenues long being kept clear of encroaching undergrowth, this wilderness contains mystery and beauty as well as melancholy. It is intended that planned improvements in the accessibility and appearance of the graveyard will be ones that restore it to respect in Handsworth, without lessening its serenity or its qualities as a haven for wildlife next to Handsworth Park. It is intended it should become a safer place, a more attractive place and a place of education for visitors of all ages. To this end there has been a marked increase in voluntary work in the graveyard while local community leaders have voted neighbourhood renewal funds that they hope will be matched by other regional agencies to implement a plan drawn up by the City Council's Landscape Practice Group to end years of neglect and bring about a rejuvenation similar to the great improvements they have funded in the neighbouring park between 2000 and 2006.
St Mary's present incumbent is the Rev. Brian A. Hall who, among his many roles in the local community, became, in March 2006, the chairman of a new group called "The Friends of St. Mary's Churchyard" (Handsworth Rectory, 288 Hamstead Road, Birmingham B20 2RB) which aims among more detailed goals 'to be a focus for future hopes for the integrity of St Mary's Churchyard as a special place' — special not only for the respect accorded to the dead which ought to apply to all graveyards, but because of the association of this church and its grounds with the founding fathers of the industrial age, and more recently with two important figures in the development of football. William McGregor, Director of Aston Villa F.C., who organised the founding meeting of the Football League on 22 March 1888 and George Ramsay, whose headstone reads "Founder of Aston Villa".
Boulton, Watt & Murdoch memorials.
James Watt lived in Handsworth and is chiefly remembered as the inventor of the separate condenser, the greatest single improvement ever made to the steam engine. In 1774, Matthew Boulton applied his engineering talent to realising Watt's idea. It was to follow that Boulton and Watt became one of the most famous partnerships in industrial history. William Murdoch, another engineer, perfected gas lighting and gave the world the high-pressure steam engine, and became a partner of Boulton and Watt.
All three are remembered by monuments in the core of the church. On the north wall of the sanctuary is a marble bust of Matthew Boulton, set in a circular opening above two putti, one holding an engraving of the Soho Manufactory. This was commissioned by Boulton's son, from the sculptor John Flaxman. On the wall opposite, below a pointed arch, is a stone bust of William Murdoch, spelled with a 'ck' — different from his own spelling. James Watt was buried in the grounds of St Mary's, but expansion of the church placed his tomb inside the church. To the south of the sanctuary, in an austere and serene space built especially for it – The James Watt Memorial Chapel – is a marble statue of Watt by Francis Legatt Chantrey, who regarded his statue of Watt as his favourite.
Genealogical records.
Under the aegis of the Birmingham & Midland Society for Genealogy & Heraldry (BMSGH), who sought it from the Handsworth Historical Society and the congregation of the church, a working group of the Handsworth Historical Society, chaired by Roy Lancelott, worked between March 1980 and March 1984 to create a record of every monument in St Mary's churchyard. This record comprises six volumes, in bound A4, with yellow covers, numbered from I to VI, titled 'Monumental Inscriptions, St Mary's Church Handsworth Birmingham'. Photocopies of this record, which contains sketches of various headstones and detailed maps showing their position in the graveyard, have been deposited with the BMSGH Library (Fiche number 11054), Margaret Street, Birmingham, The Society of Genealogists, London, The Local Studies Department of Birmingham Central Library, and Stafford County Record Office. Brian Hall observes this piece of research has "brought to light once again the fascinating social history of this side of the emerging City of Birmingham during the Victorian and Edwardian period."
Nowadays, less than a handful of monuments are visited by relatives of those interred, and three simple headstones are tended annually by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, who recorded the burials of 14 soldiers there during World War I.
Musical Connections.
Webster Booth (1902–1984), largely remembered today as the duettist partner of Anne Ziegler, joined his two older brothers in the choir of St Mary's. Was considered to be one of the finest British tenors of his generation.
Harry Freeman, the popular music hall performer, was buried in the churchyard in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="2889567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889567" title="Steve Hutchins">
Steve Hutchins

Stephen Patrick Hutchins (born 22 April 1956), Australian politician, was a member of the Australian Senate for the state of New South Wales since October 1998, representing the Australian Labor Party.
Hutchins was born in Sydney. He worked as a forklift driver and waste collector before attending the University of Sydney, where he graduated in arts, and then Harvard University, where he was part of the university's trade union education programme. He was an official with the Transport Workers' Union from 1980 and was Federal President of the union from 1993 to 1998. He was a member of the Australian Council of Trade Unions Executive from 1996 to 1998.
His first marriage was to NSW State Member for Mulgoa, Diane Beamer. His second marriage was to Natalie Sykes.

</doc>
<doc id="2889568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889568" title="Ushirogata Station">
Ushirogata Station

History.
Ushirogata Station was opened on December 5, 1951 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). Scheduled freight operations were discontinued from October 1968. On April 1, 1970, it became a "kan'i itaku" station, operated by the Japan Travel Bureau. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. It has been unattended since September 2009.
Station layout.
Ushirogata Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The platforms are short, necessitating the use of a door cut system for trains linger than 5 carriages long. The station is unattended, and is managed from Aomori Station. The station building is unattended.

</doc>
<doc id="2889569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889569" title="Teatro Aguascalientes">
Teatro Aguascalientes

The Teatro Aguascalientes or Aguascalientes Opera House is a theater which functions as the main opera house of the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes in Mexico.
The modern-style building is the work of the architect Abraham Zabludowsky and features a majestic stage and an audience capacity of 1650. This theater opened its doors to the public on August 16, 1991, with the performance of an operetta. It is considered to be the largest stage for the promotion of art and culture in the city. During the national fair of San Marcos, this venue is host to the folk culture spectacle known as "ferial". The opera house also hosts classical music concerts, popular music, theater plays, ballet, and other shows. 
The theater is situated in its own grounds, which include a parking lot for 300 vehicles, and spacious gardens. Entry to the opera house is through a foyer, characterised by its cylindrical columns. The audience seating is on two floors, the upper of which consists of a gallery and six theater boxes, each with the capacity for six spectators. The total capacity of the house is 1650 people. It is equipped with air conditioning, sound, and digitally controlled lighting. 
The stage is 49.2 ft (15 meters) in width and 42.6 ft (13m) in depth and its facilities are comparable with those of the most sophisticated theatres.

</doc>
<doc id="2889571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889571" title="Administrative divisions of Uttar Pradesh">
Administrative divisions of Uttar Pradesh

The Indian state of Uttar Pradesh borders with Nepal and the Indian states of Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttarakhand and National Capital Territory of Delhi. The Himalayas lies in the north of the state and the Deccan Plateau is at the south. In between them, the river Ganges, Yamuna, Ghaghra flow eastwards. 
Uttar Pradesh can be divided into two distinct regions, Southern hills and Gangetic plain
In 1947, when India gained independence, the state of United Provinces was renamed as Uttar Pradesh. The former princely state of Tehri Garhwal joined on 1 August 1949 and Rampur joined as a district on 1 December 1949. The States Reorganisation Act of 1956 had no major effect on status of Uttar Pradesh. On 9 November 2000, the state of Uttaranchal, now known as Uttarakhand, which consists of the districts Pauri Garhwal, Tehri Garhwal, Uttar Kashi, Chamoli, Dehradun, Nainital, Almora, Pithoragarh, Udham Singh Nagar, Bageshwar, Champawat, Rudraprayag and Hardwar, was carved out of Uttar Pradesh.
Uttar Pradesh is now divided into seventy five districts under eighteen divisions. Districts are administered by District Magistrates, and divisions are administered by Divisional Commissioners. Lucknow, the capital of the state, constitutes the Lucknow district. Other districts are further divided into administrative units such as subdivisions and blocks, administered by SDO and BDO, respectively. The Panchayati Raj has a three-tier structure in the state. The atomic unit is called a Gram Panchayat, which is the "Panchayat" organization for a collection of villages. The block-level organizations are called "Panchayat Samiti", and the district-level organizations are named "Zilla Parishad".
Geography.
Uttar Pradesh is India's fifth largest and most populous state, located in the north-western part of the country. It spreads over a large area, and the plains of the state are quite distinctly different from the high mountains in the north. The climate of Uttar Pradesh can also vary widely, with temperatures as high as 47 °C in summer, and as low as −1 °C in winter.
Uttar Pradesh can be divided into two distinct hypsographical regions :
The climate of the state is tropical monsoon, but variations exist because of difference in altitudes. The Himalayan region is cold. The average temperature varies in the plains from 3 to 4 °C in January to 43 to 45 °C in May and June. There are three distinct seasons – winter from October to February, summer from March to mid-June, and the rainy season from June to September. 
Tropical Monsoon Climate Marked By Three Distinct Seasons:
Administrative structure.
A district is monitored by a District Collector, who is better known as a District Magistrate (DM) in the state of Uttar Pradesh. A DM is an officer from Indian Administrative Service (IAS) or a PCS who gets promoted as an IAS officer on the basis of tenure in Provincial Civil Services Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission (UPPSC), and is appointed by the Government of Uttar Pradesh. Each district is divided into subdivisions. A subdivision is observed by a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), better known as a Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO). Other than urban units such as town municipalities, a subdivision contains 'community development blocks' (also known as "CD blocks" or "blocks"). A block consists of urban units such as census towns and rural units called gram panchayats. A block is administered by a Block Development Officer (BDO), who is appointed by the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
A gram panchayat, which consists of a group of villages, is administered by a village council headed by a "Pradhan".
A District Superintendent of Police, better known as a Superintendent of Police, heads the District Police organization of Uttar Pradesh Police. This is as per the Police Act of 1861, which is applicable to the whole of India. The Superintendents of Police are officers of the Indian Police Service. For every subdivision, there is a Subdivision Police, headed by a Police officer of the rank of Assistant Superintendent of Police or Deputy Superintendent of Police. Under subdivisions, there are Police Circles, each headed by an Inspector of Police. A Police Circle consists of Police Stations, each headed by an Inspector of Police, or in case of rural areas, by a Sub-Inspector of Police.
The Allahabad High Court has the jurisdiction of the state of Uttar Pradesh. Though most of the districts have more courts other than a District Court, not every subdivision of the state has a Court.
A group of districts forms a division, which is administered by a 'Divisional Commissioner'. Uttar Pradesh is now divided in seventy one districts, grouped under eighteen divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="2889574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889574" title="Wang Yu">
Wang Yu

Wang Yu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889577" title="Tamino">
Tamino

Tamino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889584" title="Jonathan Glover">
Jonathan Glover

Jonathan Glover (born 1941) is a British philosopher known for his studies on ethics. He was educated at Tonbridge School, later going on to Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He was a fellow and tutor in philosophy at New College, Oxford. He currently teaches ethics at King's College London. Glover is a fellow of the Hastings Center, an independent bioethics research institution in the United States.
Glover's book "Causing Death and Saving Lives", first published in 1977, addresses practical moral questions about life and death decisions in the areas of abortion, infanticide, suicide, euthanasia, choices between people, capital punishment, and war. His approach is broadly consequentialist, though he gives significant weight to questions of individual autonomy, the Kantian notion that we ought to treat other people as ends in themselves rather than merely as means. He criticises the idea that mere consciousness or life itself are intrinsically valuable: these states matter, he argues, because they are pre-requisites for other things that are valuable and make for a life worth living. There is, then, no absolute sanctity of human life. He criticises the principle of double effect and the acts and omissions doctrine, the notion that there is a huge moral difference between killing someone and intentionally letting them die. In his discussion of real cases of moral decisions about killing he draws on insights from history and literature as well as philosophy. Throughout, the emphasis is on the consequences of moral choices for those affected, rather than on abstract principles applied impersonally. 
In "", published in 1999, Glover considers the psychological factors that predispose us to commit barbaric acts, and suggests how man-made moral traditions and the cultivation of moral imagination can work to restrain us from a ruthlessly selfish treatment of others. Gaining greater understanding of the monsters within us, he argues, is part of the process of caging and containing them. He examines the various types of atrocity that were perpetrated in the 20th century, including Nazi genocide, communist mass killings under Stalin, Mao, and Pol Pot, and more recent slaughter in Bosnia and Rwanda, and examines what sort of bulwarks there could be against them. He allows that religion has provided bulwarks, which are getting eroded. He identifies three types of bulwark. The two more dependable are sympathy and respect for human dignity. The less dependable third is Moral Identity: "I belong to a kind of person who would not do that sort of thing". This third is less dependable because notions of moral identity can themselves be warped, as was done by the Nazis.
In "The End of Faith", Sam Harris quotes Glover as saying: "Our entanglements with people close to us erode simple self-interest. Husbands, wives, lovers, parents, children and friends all blur the boundaries of selfish concern. Francis Bacon rightly said that people with children have given hostages to fortune. Inescapably, other forms of friendship and love hold us hostage too...Narrow self-interest is destabilized."
In 1989 the European Commission hired Glover to head a panel on embryo research in Europe.
He is married to Vivette Glover, a prominent neuroscientist.
Jonathan is father to three and grandfather to one (father to Ruth, Daniel and David Glover and grandfather to Samuel Glover).

</doc>
<doc id="2889585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889585" title="David Johnston (politician)">
David Johnston (politician)

David Albert Lloyd Johnston (born 14 February 1956) is an Australian politician who has been a Liberal Party member of the Australian Senate since July 2002, representing the state of Western Australia. Johnston has been the Minister for Defence since 18 September 2013.
Background and career.
Johnston was born in Perth and was educated at University of Western Australia, where he graduated in law. He was a barrister in Kalgoorlie before entering politics, representing companies such as Gold Mines of Kalgoorlie LTD and North Kalgurli Mines LTD. He unsuccessfully contested the House of Representatives at the 1987 federal election, polling 37.3% of first preferences to finish second behind the then Labor incumbent Graeme Campbell in the Division of Kalgoorlie.
On 6 March 2006, Johnston was made Minister for Justice and Customs (effective 9 March), following the resignation of Senator Ian Campbell from the Human Services portfolio and Campbell's replacement by former Justice minister Chris Ellison.
Malcolm Turnbull, on becoming Leader of the Opposition, promoted Johnston to the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Minister for Defence. In September 2010 he was re-appointed to that role by Opposition leader, Tony Abbott, after the 2010 election.
Following the 2013 federal election, Johnston was sworn in as Minister for Defence, effective 18 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2889586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889586" title="Rosa Venus">
Rosa Venus

Rosa Venus is a Rock en español album recorded by Mexican rock band Fobia. The album was released on July 26, 2003. Songs include "Hoy tengo miedo", previously recorded their previous album "Wow 87*04", "No eres yo", and "200 Sabados". This is Fobia's first full-length album since Amor Chiquito of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2889587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889587" title="Lynette Horsburgh">
Lynette Horsburgh

Lynette Horsburgh (born 8 February 1974) is a Scottish semi-professional pool and snooker player and professional BBC Web content producer. She was 2008 World Ladies' Pool Champion and resides in Blackpool, England. She has English as well as Scottish roots and represents Scotland as an international player. She is five feet tall.

</doc>
<doc id="2889590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889590" title="Ryan Confidential">
Ryan Confidential

Ryan Confidential is an Irish home-produced television programme which was broadcast on RTÉ One until 2010. It was presented by Gerry Ryan, until his unexpected death at the age of 53 on 30 April 2010. The programme was created by the producer David Blake Knox.
The format placed Ryan and celebrity guests in restaurants and hotels, designed to provide a more intimate setting than a studio. Ryan then interviewed his guests. The programme, commissioned by RTÉ's Entertainment Department, proved popular, and ran for eight seasons.
History.
Guests on "Ryan Confidential" included Ben Dunne who spoke of feeling like a "bloody eejit" for provoking the set up of the Tribunals, Colin Farrell whose use of "salty language" prompted a large number of complaints despite an on-screen warning about the show's content and Brian O'Driscoll who appeared replete with "interesting haircut" before an important Magners League match for Leinster. "The Irish Times" critic, Shane Hegarty said of an early interview with multimillionaire step dancer Michael Flatley: ``Gerry Ryan returned to the television screens again this week. He has a habit of doing that, like a fly you thought you'd chased from the room.`` Ryan alluded to the upset this remark caused him in a special "Ryan Tubridy Confidential", aired on 16 October 2008 to coincide with the release of the presenter's autobiography, in which the tables were turned on the regular interviewer as he was asked questions by his protegé Ryan Tubridy. Tubridy was selected after RTÉ expressed their dissatisfaction at Ryan's original plan - to interview himself.
The eighth and final series featured interviews with Conan O'Brien, Roger Moore and, Hugh Hefner at the Playboy Mansion. The Hefner and O'Brien interviews were recorded in Los Angeles. In a rare interview O'Brien said he was more comfortable with Ireland than the pressures of American television.
Ryan's interview with Heather Mills from the eighth series was first broadcast the night before his death. A re-edited and extended version of the 2008 episode, in which Ryan was interviewed by Ryan Tubridy, was aired after the presenter's death. It drew an audience share of 40.5 per cent, and 565,000 viewers - the highest ratings for any episode of "Ryan Confidential". The final "Ryan Confidential" filmed before the presenter's death, the George Hook episode, aired on 20 May 2010. It was viewed by more than 400,000 viewers. Hook later described Gerry Ryan as "a superb interviewer".
Guest list.
This is an incomplete and incomprehensive list of guests who have featured on "Ryan Confidential".
Specials.
A "Ryan Confidential Special", in tribute to Joe Dolan, a past guest on the show who had died, was screened on RTÉ One on 24 March 2008 at 18:30.
"Ronnie Drew: A Ryan Confidential Special" aired on 1 January 2009 on RTÉ One at 18:30.

</doc>
<doc id="2889598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889598" title="HMS Captain (1787)">
HMS Captain (1787)

HMS "Captain" was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 26 November 1787 at Limehouse. She served during the French revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars before being placed in harbour service in 1799. An accident caused her to burn and founder in 1813. Later that year she was raised and broken up.
French Revolutionary Wars.
At the start of the French Revolutionary War, she was part of the Mediterranean fleet which occupied Toulon at the invitation of the Royalists in 1793 before being driven out by Revolutionary troops in an action where Napoleon Bonaparte made his name. In June 1796, Admiral Sir John Jervis transferred Captain Horatio Nelson from into "Captain". Jervis appointed Nelson commodore of a squadron that was first deployed off Livorno during Napoleon's march through northern Italy.
In September 1796, Gilbert Elliot, the British viceroy of the Anglo-Corsican Kingdom, decided that it was necessary to clear out Capraja, which belonged to the Genoese and which served as a base for privateers. He sent Nelson, in "Captain", together with the transport , "Vanneau", the cutter "Rose", and troops of the 51st Regiment of Foot to accomplish this task in September. On their way, joined them. The troops landed on 18 September and the island surrendered immediately. Later that month Nelson oversaw the British withdrawal from Corsica.
In February 1797, Nelson had rejoined Jervis's fleet 25 miles west of Cape St. Vincent at the southwest tip of Portugal, just before it intercepted a Spanish fleet on 14 February. The Battle of Cape St Vincent made both Jervis's and Nelson's names. Jervis was made Earl St Vincent and Nelson was knighted for his initiative and daring.
Nelson had realised that the leading Spanish ships were escaping and wore "Captain" to break out of the line of battle to attack the much larger Spanish ships. "Captain" exchanged fire with the Spanish flagship, "Santísima Trinidad", which mounted 136 guns on four decks. Later "Captain" closely engaged the 80-gun "San Nicolas", when the Spanish ship was disabled by a broadside from "Excellent" and ran into another ship, the "San Josef" of 112-guns. With "Captain" hardly manoeuvrable, Nelson ran his ship alongside "San Nicolas", which he boarded. Nelson was preparing to order his men to board "San Josef" next when she signalled her intent to surrender. The boarding of "San Nicolas", which resulted in the taking of the two larger ships was later immortalised as 'Nelson's Patent Bridge for capturing first rates.'
"Captain" was the most severely damaged of the British ships as she was in the thick of the action for longer than any other ship. She returned to service following repairs and on 6 May 1799 sailed for the Mediterranean, where she joined Captain John Markham's squadron.
After the Battle of Alexandria, the squadron under Contre-Admiral Jean-Baptiste Perrée, consisting of the 40-gun "Junon", 36-gun "Alceste", 32-gun "Courageuse", 18-gun "Salamine" and the brig "Alerte" escaped to Genoa.
On 17 June 1799 the French squadron, still under Perrée, was en route from Jaffa for Toulon when it encountered the British squadron under Markham in . In the ensuing Action of 18 June 1799, the British captured the entire French squadron, with "Captain" capturing "Alerte". Markham described "Alerte" as a brig of 14 guns and 120 men, under the command of Lieutenant Dumay.
Napoleonic Wars.
During the Napoleonic Wars, "Captain" took part in the capture of Martinique in 1809.
Earlier, in 1807 it had been one of the escorts for the expedition leaving Falmouth that would eventually attack Buenos Aires. Turned back north once the expedition reached the Cape Verde Islands
Fate.
Later that year, "Captain" was put into harbour service. In 1813 she was accidentally burned in Limehouse while undergoing conversion to a sheer hulk. When it was clear that the fire, which had begun in the forecastle, had taken hold, her securing lines were cut and she was towed a safe distance away from the other vessels so that she could burn herself out. Even so, orders were given that she be sunk. Ships' launches with carronades then commenced a one-hour bombardment. She finally foundered after having burned down to the waterline. Two men died in the accident. The wreck was raised in July and broken up at Plymouth.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2889601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889601" title="Mark Healey">
Mark Healey

Mark Healey (from Ipswich, Suffolk) is a British computer games developer. Healey started his career making games for the Commodore 64 home computer - his first published game was KGB Super Spy for Codemasters which led to developing the Educational Fun School series of games for Europress Software. Healey later Joined Bullfrog Productions to work with Peter Molyneux on titles such as Theme Park, Magic Carpet and Dungeon Keeper. When Molyneux left Bullfrog to form Lionhead Studios, Healey joined him, and worked as a senior artist/designer on the BAFTA award winning Black & White. Whilst still at Lionhead, he developed "Rag Doll Kung Fu" independently in his spare time, which was the first third party game to be distributed over Steam - Valve Corporation's online distribution system. He is a co-founder and Creative Director of Media Molecule, a computer games studio which published its first videogame, a cooperative platformer for the PlayStation 3 entitled "LittleBigPlanet", which has been pioneering in the area of user created content.

</doc>
<doc id="2889602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889602" title="Ysabel">
Ysabel

Ysabel is the tenth novel by Canadian fantasy author Guy Gavriel Kay. It was first published in January 2007 by Viking Canada. It is Kay's first urban fantasy and his first book set outside his fantasied Europe milieux since the publication of his first three novels in the 1980s ("The Fionavar Tapestry"). Kay lived in the countryside near Aix-en-Provence, the setting of Ysabel, while he wrote it. The story tells of 15-year-old Ned Marriner who discovers his magical heritage while staying with his photographer father in Provence. He meets an American exchange student, the two become involved in an ancient "story" of love, sacrifice, and magic unfolding in the present day, which draws in Ned's family and friends.
Plot summary.
Ned Marriner is in France with his father, Edward, a celebrated photographer who is working on a book about Provence. While his father shoots outside the deserted Saint-Sauveur Cathedral, Ned wanders in to look around. There he meets Kate Wenger, an American exchange student with a passion for ancient history and an extensive knowledge of the cathedral's past. The pair is startled by the appearance of a then-nameless man, who warns them to leave immediately, stating that they "have blundered into the corner of a very old story". Ned finds that he is able to sense the man's presence, a power of which he was previously unaware. Ned and Kate also notice an ancient carving of a woman on one of the church pillars, which the nameless man claims he created.
Frightened by the incident, Ned and Kate make plans to meet a few days later. Ned goes on a photo-scouting mission with his father's assistants, Greg, Steve, and Melanie, a young woman who is hyper-organized, witty, and well liked by everyone, including Ned. They head towards Mont Sainte-Victoire, a much-photographed location made famous by Cézanne. But along the way, Ned falls suddenly and inexplicably ill. Arriving at the mountain, he is overcome by images of the slaughter that took place there centuries prior, when a Roman general killed thousands of Celts. He is rushed back to the team's villa, but once he has travelled only a short distance from the mountain, he recovers completely. Ned and Kate meet later that day in a coffee shop to discuss their situation. Ned is unnerved by the discovery of his strange abilities, while both are curious to find out more about the nameless man and his "story." Unaware that they are being watched by the nameless man, they make plans to meet again in Entremont, an ancient Celtic site, on the Eve of Beltaine. Kate leaves, but Ned becomes aware of the nameless man's presence and confronts him. The man tells him little, and soon leaves the cafe. Outside, however, he is attacked by unnaturally vicious dogs, and Ned steps in to defend him, saving his life.
Ned meets his Aunt Kim, a woman with mysterious powers. She tells him that she sensed he was in trouble, and came at once to offer her help. He discovers that she has the same ability to "sense" the presence of those with power, which she claims "runs in the family." They are confronted by a second nameless man, a large Celt with antlers, and are again warned to stay out of the "story." The Celt plans to kill the nameless man from the cathedral (who he calls a "Roman"), and threatens Ned for having helped him, but Aunt Kim manages to bluff their way out of the situation. Despite Ned's misgivings, Kate, who is acting strangely, convinces him to follow their original plan of visiting Entremont on Beltaine. They plan to be away from the place before dark, but not long after they enter the site, darkness falls several hours early. They hide from a ghostly procession of druids that arrives soon after and becomes more solid as the light continues to fade. The nameless Roman from the cathedral confronts them, ordering them to flee as soon as they can. Kate begins to struggle, possessed with a strange desire to join the druidic ceremony below. Just before she escapes, however, Melanie arrives, looking for Ned. As she approaches the waiting Celts, she is transformed into Ysabel, possessed by the spirit of an ancient woman who the two nameless men have been fighting over for centuries. Ysabel names the Roman Phelan and the Celt Cadell, and orders them to spend three days searching for her. Whoever finds her first will win her. Ned and Kate discover that this is the "story": a battle between two men for one woman's love, which has been repeated in various incarnations throughout the millennia.
Ned and Kate leave unnoticed, stricken by the loss of Melanie. He tells his father, Aunt Kim, Greg, and Steve everything that has happened, and also asks his mother, Meghan, to leave Sudan, where she is working with Doctors Without Borders, to be with them as they attempt to get Melanie back. Meghan and Kim, her sister, had a falling out when they were younger, and there are some strained moments once Meghan arrives and they attempt to work together and reconcile their differences. They are aided by Uncle Dave, Kim's husband, who also possesses special abilities and knowledge of the supernatural. Ned and his fellow searchers visit various historical sites in Provence over the following two days, trying to track down Ysabel's hiding place before Phelan or Cadell in the hopes that they will be able to rescue Melanie. Following a hint from one of the wild boars that are common throughout the South of France, Ned realizes that Ysabel is hiding on Mont Sainte-Victoire, the site where he experienced his mysterious illness. He decides to go there alone, as he is a marathon runner and will be able to reach the summit fastest. Despite feeling sick the entire way, Ned makes it to the summit before Phelan or Cadell, discovering Ysabel in a cavern that looks out over Provence. He demands that she release Melanie. Cadell and Phelan arrive shortly thereafter, both claiming the victory. Ysabel points out that it was Ned who arrived first, and reveals that Ned is distantly descended from the original Ysabel (who would have gone by a different name). Both Phelan and Cadell commit suicide by leaping from the mountain, for neither succeeded in reaching Ysabel first. When Ned looks at Ysabel again, he finds that she too has departed, leaving Melanie safe and unharmed in her place.
Relation to Other Series.
Two characters from The Fionavar Tapestry, Dave Martyniuk and Kimberly Ford, appear in the book as well.
Reception.
Ysabel has been one of Kay's most successful novels. It was nominated for the White Pine Award, and spent five weeks as the #1 bestseller in Canada. The Globe and Mail called Ysabel "a splendid addition to (Kay's) body of work", praising the novel's well-developed characters, interweaving of myth and believable relationships, and "breathless realism". "Ysabel" was awarded the 2008 World Fantasy Award in the Novel category.

</doc>
<doc id="2889618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889618" title="Green Fish">
Green Fish

Green Fish () is a 1997 South Korean film. It was the first feature-length film directed by Lee Chang-dong, who also wrote the screenplay. Lee had previously been known as a novelist and high school teacher. The film stars Han Suk-kyu in one of his first major film roles. It was the eighth highest-attended Korean film of 1997.
Although director Lee is renowned for superb writing, he allowed Han to improvise the now-famous extended monologue inside the telephone booth. The scene became iconic enough to be spoofed by the 2002 Korean compendium of satire, "Funny Movie" directed by Gyu-seong Jang. As recently as August 2007, the scene was once again spoofed in the MBC drama "Kimchi Cheese Smile".
The character of "Kim Yang-gil" (a rival mob boss), as played by Myung Kae-nam, has been parodied with an extended back-story in the black comedy "The Customer is Always Right" (2006).
The pivotal scene in a men's restroom, has recently been cited by poet/director Yu Ha for informing the basis of a similar scene in his more stylistically baroque A Dirty Carnival.
Plot.
Having just been discharged from the military, Mak-dong is on the train home. As he leans out the train platform, Mi-ae, a beautiful woman in the car ahead of him, is also leaning out. Her pink scarf escapes from her and poignantly lands on Mak-dong's face, blinding him. As he goes back into the train car to return the scarf, he becomes embroiled in a fight with a group of thugs who are harassing Mi-ae. From the beginning, Mak-dong is entangled in a relationship that becomes his undoing.
Home, Ilsan, is not the same for Mak-dong anymore. The fields, acacias and rice paddies have gone, replaced by high rise apartments. He discovers his mother is working as a house maid, and all of his siblings except his mentally disabled brother—who is literally the eldest brother and called "big brother," have left home, struggling to make a living. His sister is working as a hostess, his younger brother is working as an egg delivery man, and his older brother is a detective who is also a violent drunk. Mak-dong's dream, which he expresses to his brother, is for the whole family to live together again, running a family business, and living in harmony. His brother replies then how would any of them make a living?
While looking for work in an alienated neighborhood of Seoul, Youngdeungpo, Mak-dong again sees Mi-ae, the owner of the pink scarf, and follows her into a nightclub where she is a singer. She is also the girlfriend of a gang boss BAE Tae-gon, and when Mak-dong tries to defend her from his thugs when they force her into a car, he ends up getting beat up again. Later, at Mi-ae's urging, the boss gives him a reference for a job at a parking lot.
Mak-dong is given the opportunity to make a lot of money by inciting a fight with a council man who is obstructing Bae Tae-gon's building permit. In order to do this convincingly, Mak-dong breaks his fingers by slamming a door on them. Seeing him complete his task with such dedication, BAE Tae-gon elevates him by allowing him to call him "hyung," or "Big Brother," and admitting him as a full-fledged member of the gang. This causes some of the underlings to become disgruntled, as it would normally take at least a year to reach this status.
Now a member of 'the family', Mak-dong and Mi-ae find in each other a kindred spirit, the feeling between them not clearly defined, yet finding themselves drawn to each other through their common feeling of hopelessness. In an important scene on the train, Mi-ae and Mak-dong talk and he gives her a photo of the large, green tree in front of his home in Ilsan. Mi-ae is struck by Mak-dong's naivete and purity. It is revealed Mak-dong is a virgin. Her beeper goes off, and it is Bae Tae-gun telling her to return home immediately. She tells Mak-dong she will do whatever he says, and with a traditional Korean loyalty, he responds that if big brother has asked them to return they should. Mi-ae laughs bitterly at his old fashioned simplicity. After a night when BAE Tae-gon sends her up to the hotel room of a prosecutor as a sexual "favor", she insults the gang boss. Mak-dong witnesses BAE Tae-gon slapping her, then drives her home. She offers herself to Mak-ong even though she is "dirty."
Suddenly, BAE Tae-gon's own former gang boss KIM Yang-kil arrives from years behind bars to take for himself the little empire BAE Tae-gon has spent his life building. In several encounters with KIM Yang-kil, BAE Tae-gon is humiliated in front of his own gang. BAE Tae-gon takes Mak-dong up to the deserted building where he wants to build his future empire, and asks him what his dream is. Bae replies he also got as far as he did because of one of those dreams. Mak-dong makes a final expression of his loyalty by stabbing KIM Yang-kil to death in a men's bathroom. As blood flows everywhere, Mak-dong becomes hysterical.
Immediately after, Mak-dong calls home in the famous "phone booth" scene. He asks his mentally challenged "big brother" if he remembers how they used to fish in the river, and how one day he lost a whole day of fishing because he tried to catch one of the green fish and lost his slipper in the river. Immediately after, BAE Tae-gon takes Mak-dong to the deserted building, and being consistent with the ruthless nature that has got him so far in life, shoots him, leaving him for dead. Mak-dong staggers out and sprawls across the windshield of Bae's car, staring straight into the camera as Mi-ae screams in horror.
Some time later, BAE Tae-gon and Mi-ae have moved to the Ilsan New Town that typifies the new middle class suburbs that have sprung up around Seoul's satellite cities. One day they come upon an old-style restaurant in an old-style house run by a family. Mi-ae appears to be pregnant. The couple order chicken soup, and a chicken is slaughtered in front of them, recalling the sacrifice Mak-dong made for his dream to come true. Outside, Mi-ae recognizes with tears the tree in the photo she has kept all this time and realizes it is Mak-dong's family home.

</doc>
<doc id="2889623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889623" title="ZoneAlarm">
ZoneAlarm

ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs, which was acquired in March 2004 by Check Point. It includes an inbound intrusion detection system, as well as the ability to control which programs can create outbound connections. , the newest release is "ZoneAlarm Extreme Security" 2013.
Features.
In ZoneAlarm, program access is controlled by way of "zones", into which all network connections are divided. The "trusted zone" generally includes the user's local area network and can share resources such as files and printers, while the "Internet zone" includes everything not in the trusted zone. The user can specify which "permissions" (trusted zone client, trusted zone server, Internet zone client, Internet zone server) to give to a program before it attempts to access the Internet (e.g. before running it for the first time) or, alternatively, ZoneAlarm will ask the user to give the program permission on its first access attempt.
True Vector Internet Monitor.
"True Vector Internet Monitor", also known as "TrueVector Security Engine", is the core of ZoneAlarm. It is a Windows service which runs as "vsmon.exe" in the processes list. This monitors internet traffic and generates alerts for disallowed access.
Operating System Firewall.
Operating System Firewall, OSFirewall for short, is a feature in paid ZoneAlarm versions only. This monitors programs and generates alerts when they perform suspicious behaviors. The OSFirewall is useful in preventing rootkits and other spyware.
SmartDefense Advisor.
SmartDefense Advisor, a service that is also available in the free version of ZoneAlarm, helps the user with certain types of alerts. This utilizes a large database of trusted program signatures in order to provide the user with further advice upon requests from the program in regards to allowing or denying access to the Internet.
Scareware virus alert popup.
In September 2010, the free version of ZoneAlarm started showing a "Global Virus Alert" popup as a scareware tactic to get users to switch to their paid security suite. 
The popup was turned off by ZoneAlarm marketing team after an uproar from disgruntled users, many of whom uninstalled the software.

</doc>
<doc id="2889642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889642" title="Hirschholm Palace">
Hirschholm Palace

Hirschholm Palace, also known as Hørsholm Palace, was a royal palace located in present-day Hørsholm municipality just north of Copenhagen, Denmark. It was rebuilt in the Baroque style in the 1740s and, one of the finest buildings of its time, it became known as the "Versailles of the North".
It developed a notorious reputation in connection with its role in the affair between Johann Friedrich Struensee and Queen Caroline Mathilda in the 1770s. After that it fell into despair and was demolished in 1809-13.
The palace was designed by Lauritz de Thurah for King Christian VI and his consort Queen Sophie Magdalene, and was intended as their summer residence.
History.
Early history.
Hirschholm Palace was built on a site that had been used since the Middle Ages. From around 1100 there was a fortification at site known as Hørningsholm. In 1391 the estate became crown land when Queen Margrete I took possession of the property. At the end of the 16th century Frederik II and Christian IV built a small royal hunting castle ("jagtslot") on the site. The estate, which covered a large area (the present day municipalities of Hørsholm, Karlebo, Birkerød and a part of Allerød) was called the Noble Estate of Hørsholm ("adelsgodset Hørsholm"), and was endowed to various noblemen and members of the royal court.
By the middle of the 17th century a royal tradition had developed whereby the ruling king bestowed Hørsholm Palace to his consort, and it was used as a summer residence. The estate was now being driven directly by the royal house, and income went to the Queen.
Frederick IV’s consort Queen Louise owned Hørsholm Palace between 1700 and 1721. She had it modernised and added a number of farm buildings to the estate..
The Baroque Palace.
The de Thurah-designed baroque palace was completed in 1744, and was one of the most impressive building works of that period. It was referred to as "The Versailles of the North". When the king died in 1746 it became Sophie Magdalene’s residence as Queen Dowager. She carried out a number of change on the estate that pointed towards the agricultural reforms that would come to play a big role in the country during the coming decades.
Thurah’s drawings of the palace were published in Den Danske Vitruvius in 1746-1749.
The Dowager Queen died in 1770, and the palace was taken over by the schizophrenic King Christian VII who used it as a summer residence for his family and court. On 17 June 1771 the royal family and court took summer residence at the Palace, and on 7 July Caroline Mathilde gave birth to her second child, Princess Louise Augusta, whose father was almost certainly Struensee. That summer has come to be referred to as the "Hirschholm Summer" in Danish history.
After that summer, and after the arrest of Struensee and the Queen on 17 January 1772, and the subsequent execution of Struensee, and the banishment and imprisonment of the Queen, the palace stood empty until 1810. At that time Frederik VI had the now dilapidated palace torn down for use as build materials for the rebuilding of Christiansborg Palace, which had burned to the ground in the fire of 1794.
The site today.
In 1822-23 a small church designed by architect Christian Frederik Hansen was built on the grounds of the demolished palace. The park surrounding the church, which is located on a small island in a lake, still bears some evidence of the original palace garden. A number of the farm buildings Louise had built in the early 18th century still exist. Some of them house the Danish Museum of Hunting and Forestry.
The Hørsholm Local Museum has a permanent exhibit about the palace, the royal affair and its consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="2889644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889644" title="John Brewster (musician)">
John Brewster (musician)

John Brewster (John Carrington Brewster-Jones) is an Australian guitarist who has played in a number of Australian rock bands, including The Angels and The Party Boys.
Career.
In 1971, Brewster, with his brother Rick Brewster and Doc Neeson, formed Moonshine Jug & String Band in Adelaide, the band evolved into The Keystone Angels in 1973. An appearance at the 1975 Sunbury Pop Festival, resulted in touring with AC/DC, and with Chuck Berry as his backing band. By the end of 1975 they become The Angels. Other members included Chris Bailey on bass guitar. Brewster left the band and joined The Party Boys in February 1986. He remained with The Party Boys until mid-1989. Brewster also performed on Jac Dalton's debut album "From Both Sides".

</doc>
<doc id="2889648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889648" title="CDS ISIS">
CDS ISIS

CDS/ISIS is a software package for generalised "Information Storage and Retrieval systems" developed, maintained and disseminated by UNESCO. It was first released in 1985 and since then over 20,000 licences have been issued by UNESCO and a worldwide network of distributors. It is particularly suited to bibliographical applications and is used for the catalogues of many small and medium-sized libraries. Versions have been produced in Arabic, Chinese, English, French, German, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish amongst other languages. UNESCO makes the software available free for non-commercial purposes, though distributors are allowed to charge for their expenses.
CDS/ISIS is an acronym which stands for Computerised Documentation Service / Integrated Set of Information Systems. In 2003 it was stated that "This package is accepted by libraries in the developing countries as a standard software for information system development".
The original CDS/ISIS ran on an IBM mainframe and was designed in the mid-1970s under Mr Giampaolo Del Bigio for UNESCO's Computerized Documentation System (CDS). It was based on the internal ISIS (Integrated Set of Information Systems) at the International Labour Organization in Geneva.
In 1985 a version was produced for mini- and microcomputers programmed in Pascal. It ran on an IBM PC under MS-DOS
. "Winisis", the Windows version, first demonstrated in 1995, may run on a single computer or in a local area network. A "JavaISIS" client/server component was designed in 2000, allowing remote database management over the Internet from Windows, Linux and Macintosh computers. Furthermore, "GenISIS" allows the user to produce HTML Web forms for CDS/ISIS database searching. The "ISIS_DLL" provides an API for developing CDS/ISIS based applications. The OpenIsis library, developed independently from 2002 to 2004, provided another API for developing CDS/ISIS-like applications.
The most recent effort towards a completely renewed FOSS, Unicode implementation of CDS/ISIS is the J-Isis project, developed by UNESCO since 2005 and currently maintained by Mr Jean Claude Dauphin.

</doc>
<doc id="2889649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889649" title="Gravitometer">
Gravitometer

Gravitometer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889651" title="Jens Pulver">
Jens Pulver

Jens Johnnie Pulver (born December 6, 1975) is a retired American professional mixed martial artist and undefeated boxer and kickboxer who currently competes as a Flyweight in the Singapore-based organization, ONE FC. In mixed martial arts, Pulver has also competed at the Lightweight, Featherweight, and Bantamweight divisions. Pulver was the inaugural UFC Lightweight Champion in addition to serving as the headcoach on the "The Ultimate Fighter 5" reality show which aired on Spike TV, against long-time rival B.J. Penn. While perhaps best known for competing in the UFC, Pulver has also competed in Pride Fighting Championships, for the PRIDE 2005 Lightweight Grand Prix. He is to-date the youngest UFC Lightweight Champion in the UFC history, eventually becoming stripped of his title due to a contract dispute.
During his reign, he was long-time considered the greatest UFC lightweight competitor. Nicknamed Lil' Evil, Pulver won the first UFC Lightweight Championship following his victory over Caol Uno at "UFC 30: Battle on the Boardwalk". Pulver also held the UFC's all-time lightweight title defenses record for nearly a decade after his successful defenses against Dennis Hallman at "UFC 33: Victory in Vegas" and B.J. Penn at "UFC 35: Throwdown". He remains as one of the most influential figures in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, due to his domination and undefeated reign as UFC Lightweight Champion in the early Zuffa era.
Background.
The son of a licensed horse jockey, Jens Pulver was born in Sunnyside, Washington and grew up in Maple Valley, Washington (approximately an hour's drive from Seattle). He was the oldest of four children, two brothers, Dustin and Abel, and one sister, Jamaica. His sister, also a survivor of domestic violence from the father of her children and now ex Martin E. Garcia.
Pulver has heterochromia, a harmless medical condition that gives eyes different colors; in Pulver's case his right eye is blue, while his left eye is brown.
Pulver was raised in what he referred to as a "daily hell." His childhood house was one of continual violence and abuse, stemming mostly from his alcoholic father. Many examples of the abuse Pulver faced as a youth are depicted in his autobiography, "Little Evil, One Ultimate Fighter's Rise to the Top", the most extreme of which include an incident where his father threatened the then-seven-year-old Jens by placing a shotgun in Jens' mouth and then removing it, stating, "Shit, ain't worth a bullet."
Pulver is the subject of the book "NEVER" by Timothy McKinnon, which discusses his lifelong struggles and successes with depression, family and religion, all of which are inextricably entwined with his career as a professional MMA fighter.
Martial arts background.
The summer before he entered sixth grade, Pulver was introduced to a friend of the family, Jack Vantress. Vantress encouraged Pulver to join a youth wrestling program. He went on to wrestle at Tahoma High School in Maple Valley, earning two state championships. Pulver wrestled for Highline Community College where he became an NJCAA All-American by placing in the top eight at the NJCAA National Championships. He then wrestled for Boise State University (BSU), before an injury (bilateral fracture of the wrists) eventually ended his amateur wrestling career. Pulver eventually graduated from BSU with a degree in criminal justice.
While in college, Pulver's interests shifted from wrestling to mixed martial arts. He found early success fighting in unsanctioned "underground" events, before befriending Lowell Anderson, the owner of a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) academy ninety miles north of Boise, Idaho. Lowell got Pulver involved in sanctioned MMA events, namely the Bas Rutten Invitational in April 1999. Pulver won one match, then lost the second due to his lack of martial arts training. He fought again in the third incarnation of the Bas Rutten Invitational, winning both his fights and impressing then-UFC matchmaker, John Perretti.
Pulver moved to Lockeford, California in 1999 where he briefly trained at the Lion's Den and then joined Shamrock 2000, a short lived camp formed by Bob Shamrock (the foster father of Ken and Frank Shamrock). Pulver noted that there was a little kid who would show up at the gym to hit the bags in those days named Nick Diaz with his younger brother Nate, both of whom later became MMA stars. Pulver, who hated his name because it was the same as his father's, even asked Bob at one point if he could take the Shamrock name since Bob was the first real father figure he felt he ever had. Bob told him: "You go out there and make the Pulver name mean something good." (Pulver would later go on to become the first 155-pound champion in UFC history.) Pulver wanted to fight full-time, but they did not have the right training partners for him. Shamrock put him in contact with Monte Cox and sent him to Iowa, where Pat Miletich was starting a camp where he could train full-time.
Professional career.
Pulver began competing in the UFC in September 1999. He fought four times in the UFC before gaining a title shot against top ranked Japanese Fighter Caol Uno in February 2001. Pulver won the title by unanimous decision, becoming the first UFC Lightweight Champion. He defended his title twice (against Dennis Hallman and B.J. Penn) before leaving the organization due to contractual problems. Pulver became famous for his combination of defensive wrestling and boxing strategies colloquially called "sprawl and brawl" in MMA circles.
Pulver vs. Hallman.
Pulver's first title defense came against Dennis Hallman (best known for his two wins against former UFC Welterweight Champion Matt Hughes).
Following a second win over Hughes, Hallman dropped down a weight class and fought Pulver for the Lightweight Championship in September 2001. Pulver and Hallman had both wrestled in the same state (Washington) in high school. In pre-fight interviews, Hallman claimed to personally know and dislike Pulver, but Pulver denied any personal relationship, instead asserting that he only knew Hallman as a fellow state high school wrestling champion.
During the fight, Hallman secured an armbar on Pulver, but Pulver countered the technique and later landed a left hook flush on Hallman's chin. Hallman fought passively for the remainder of the fight, seemingly unable to recover completely from that blow, and Pulver eventually won by unanimous decision.
Pulver vs. Penn.
Pulver's second title defense came against B.J. Penn. Before his transition to mixed martial arts, Penn was the most highly decorated Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner in America and the first American-born to win the World Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Championship (Mundials).
Upon his impressive debut against wrestler Joey Gilbert (a first-round TKO), Penn rose quickly through the rankings. Penn, already known for his grappling, quickly stunned the MMA community by showcasing incredible striking skills; quickly knocking out highly regarded Din Thomas, then knocking out Caol Uno within eleven seconds of the first round. Heading into the fight with Pulver, Penn had never fought longer than the first round. The speed in which Penn was defeating opponents had many MMA journalists suggesting he was unbeatable.
Pulver's performance in the fight is considered the high point of his career. Penn pressed the action early; taking Pulver to the mat numerous times, achieving a full mount on him twice in the second round and securing a straight armbar, completely hyper-extending Pulver's arm as the seconds ticked off the clock ending the second round.
Pulver battled back in the third round, successfully defending Penn's attempts to take him to the ground, and even scoring defensive takedowns on Penn. Pulver frustrated Penn with nothing more than sheer will power, not only winning the later rounds, but out-grappling the world-renowned Penn. In the fifth round, Penn, frustrated and down on points, chose to stand and trade with Pulver. For the entire five minutes of the fifth round the two stood toe to toe exchanging strikes. With 45 seconds left in the round, a left hand from Pulver staggered Penn, who looked in trouble. However, Penn countered with a right kick straight to the groin, resulting in a 50 second time-out. Although the time-out gave Penn time to recover, when the bout was restarted, Pulver staggered him a second time with 20 seconds remaining. However, the round drew to a conclusion and the fight went into the judges' hands.
Pulver won the fight via majority decision. Breaking into tears during the post-fight interview, Pulver shouted, "On the ground again!...I've been beat on my whole life, this is nothing."
Leaving the UFC.
After leaving the UFC, Pulver's career slumped slightly with two consecutive losses. He regained his winning ways by dropping down a weight class (to 145 lb). Along the same time, Pulver also began competing as a professional boxer, winning all four of his fights in 2004, including a fight on the nationally syndicated USA Network. During this time Pulver fought in various other MMA promotions, including Shooto, Pride and the IFL, as well as one match in the Shootboxing kickboxing promotion, where he defeated 2004 Sanda champion Dai Chang Liang. After this match, Pulver moved back up to the lightweight division in December 2004 in the Pride Fighting Championships.
Pride.
His first match in Pride was against then current and last Pride lightweight (160 lb) champion Takanori Gomi. Pulver and Gomi demonstrated excellent boxing skills and were both regarded as putting on the best boxing fight in an MMA bout. This was stopped short when Gomi delivered a vicious uppercut that knocked out Pulver 6:29 into the first round. This led to a match against Tomomi Iwama, in which he defeated his opponent via knock out one minute into the fight with a left hook.
He then faced Japanese star Hayato Sakurai, and would go on to lose in a fast paced see-saw affair that showcased both the toughness and heart of Pulver, and the experience and technicality of Sakurai. During the fight Pulver was accidentally thumbed in the eye by Sakurai which left a corneal abrasion on his eye. Despite the injury Pulver still managed to knock down Sakurai with a left hook in the latter part of the first round, though Sakurai eventually won via TKO.
His final fight in Pride, against Kenji Arai, was an entertaining battle of strikers which ended when Pulver knocked Arai down with a right-left combination, and finished him with a soccer kick to the head, earning the TKO.
Return to the UFC.
At "UFC 63" Pulver returned to the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the newly reinstated lightweight division. He was matched up against UFC-newcomer Joe Lauzon. Pulver was a 7:1 favorite to win the match, but Lauzon quickly defeated the former Lightweight Champion via one punch knockout at the 48-second mark of the first round. After the fight, Pulver apologized for his performance and indicated that he still desired to keep fighting in the UFC.
Pulver was a coach on "The Ultimate Fighter 5" reality television show, which hosted sixteen lightweight fighters, including the man who knocked him out previously, Joe Lauzon. His counterpart on the show and rival coach, was B.J. Penn whom Pulver defeated previously before. The two coaches were scheduled to fight in the season finale, in which Pulver was defeated by a rear naked choke in the second round. After the fight, Pulver announced his intentions to drop down to featherweight and fight in the WEC. He also made overtures toward Penn to set aside their differences and train together but Pulver has also said that he would welcome a third fight with Penn.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
On July 17, 2007, it was announced Pulver would be making his World Extreme Cagefighting debut against Cub Swanson at "WEC 30" on September 5, 2007.
Pulver had to pull out of the match with Cub Swanson due to a knee injury. The fight was subsequently rescheduled for the December 12 World Extreme Cagefighting card. Pulver won the rescheduled match by guillotine choke at 35 seconds of the first round and announced his intentions to make a run for the 145 lb title which Urijah Faber currently held and had defended successfully against Pulver's teammate and longtime Jiu-Jitsu coach, Jeff Curran on the same card.
Pulver and Faber finally met at WEC 34 on June 1, 2008. Neither man was able to finish the other and the fight went the full five rounds. The judges scored the bout a unanimous decision for Faber, 50–45, 50–44 and 50–44. This fight marked the first time that one of Pulver's fights at featherweight had gone to decision, the first time Pulver had been defeated at that weight class and also the first time one of Faber's fights in the WEC had gone the distance. Pulver stated after the fight that he wanted another shot at the title, but wanted "to earn it".
Pulver next fought infamous brawler Leonard Garcia at WEC 36 on November 5, after the original date of September 10 was postponed due to the threat of Hurricane Ike. In a surprising turn of events, Pulver suffered a TKO loss in the first round as the Greg Jackson-trained Leonard Garcia stunned Pulver with a left-right combination, then swarmed Pulver with more punches against the cage fence.
At WEC 38, Pulver once again lost to Faber in a rematch of their WEC 34 encounter when Pulver succumbed to a guillotine choke early in the first round.
After his second loss to Faber, Pulver temporarily replaced Frank Mir as color commentator at WEC 39.
At WEC 41, Pulver was submitted by Josh Grispi via Guillotine Choke within the first minute of the match. “I think I just ended in the same place I started,” Pulver said emotionally to the crowd after losing 8 of his past 12 encounters. “I’m not saying I’m done yet, but it’s been incredible."
Pulver returned at WEC 47 to face Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt Javier Vazquez on March 6, 2010. Pulver lost via submission due to an armbar at 3:41 of the first round. Pulver has lost 9 out his last 13 fights.
In the aftermath of Pulver's loss at WEC 47, UFC President Dana White confirmed that Pulver had been released from the WEC.
Independent Promotions.
Pulver met Diego Garijo on August 14, 2010 in Irvine, California, losing the bout by submission via guillotine choke in the first round. This was Pulver's sixth straight loss.
Pulver was next scheduled to face Frank Johnson at CFX/Extreme Challenge 170 on December 11 at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. But Pulver pulled out of the fight for unknown reasons and was replaced by Mitch Jackson.
Pulver headlined XFO 38 against Mike Lindquist on January 22, 2011, where he won the fight by submission (rear naked choke) at 0:49 in the first round. This marked Pulver's first victory in just over 3 years, snapping a 6 fight losing streak.
On March 5, 2011 Pulver defeated Wade Choate by split decision despite breaking his foot in the first round of the fight. The victory marks his second consecutive win.
Pulver fought fellow World Extreme Cagefighting veteran, Coty Wheeler at MMA Fight Pit presents "Genesis" on August 13, 2011 in New Mexico. Pulver won the fight via 2nd round TKO in a dominant performance.[http://mmajunkie.com/news/24808/mma-fight-pit-genesis-results-alexander-earns-doctors-call-pulver-stops-wheeler.mma]
Pulver fought Tim Elliott at Resurrection Fighting Alliance on December 16, 2011 and lost the fight via second round knockout by a knee to the temple. In a post fight speech, Elliott thanked Jens for accepting the fight, and referred to him as his number one inspiration for being a mixed martial artist.
On March 26, 2012, it was announced that Pulver had signed with UK promotion Cage Warriors.
On April 14, 2012, Pulver defeated All Army Combatives Flyweight Champion Jesse Thorton by unanimous decision in Fort Hood, Texas.[http://www.kdhnews.com/news/story.aspx?s=65613]
OneFC.
On August 31, 2012 Pulver moved back up to 145 lbs to face undefeated Filipino fighter Eric Kelly in his own country. Pulver hung in tough with Kelly but fell in the second round to a TKO after Kelly landed a solid body kick followed up with some punches.
On October 6, 2012, Pulver returned to One Fighting Championships in entering their Bantamweight grand prix. Jens took on Chinese prospect Zhao Ya Fei, Pulver won a technical decision after taking an illegal groin strike and the fight went to the judges score cards in the third round.[http://mmajunkie.com/news/30999/one-fc-6-results-aoki-puts-lepont-to-sleep-boku-and-kim-win-titles.mma]
Pulver faced Masakatsu Ueda in the Bantamweight grand prix semifinals on April 5, 2013 at . He lost the fight by submission.
Personal life.
Pulver has a daughter and married his fianceé Kannika on July 4, 2009. The couple had their first child together, a son named Karson Jens Pulver on December 16, 2008.
Pulver is an avid PC gamer, who continues to play "World of Warcraft".
Pulver is featured in a documentary about his training camp, personal life and difficult childhood called "Jens Pulver: Driven."

</doc>
<doc id="2889656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889656" title="IDAMS">
IDAMS

IDAMS (Internationally developed Data Analysis and Management Software) is a proprietary software package for processing and analysing numerical data developed, maintained and disseminated by UNESCO.
It provides a great number of data manipulation and validation facilities and a wide range of classical and advanced statistics techniques. Interactive components allow for construction of multidimensional tables, graphical exploration of data and time series analysis. 
IDAMS was originally derived from the software package OSIRIS III.2 developed in the early 1970s by the Institute for Social Research of the University of Michigan, USA. It has been modified and updated by the UNESCO Secretariat with the co-operation of experts from Belgium, Colombia, Hungary, Russia, Ukraine, United Kingdom and USA. Release 4 is available for PCs and Release 3.02 for IBM mainframes. Version 1.2a of WinIDAMS for 32-bit Windows was released in 2006.
"WinIDAMS" as well as its documentation are available in English, French and Spanish. The software itself is free but national distributors are allowed to charge for their expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="2889663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889663" title="Sandy Macdonald">
Sandy Macdonald

John Alexander Lindsay "Sandy" Macdonald (born 10 May 1954) is a former Australian politician. He was member of the Australian Senate from 1993 to 1998, and again from 2000 to 2008, representing the state of New South Wales for the National Party.
Early life.
Macdonald was born in Quirindi, New South Wales and was educated at Sydney University, where he graduated in law. He was a wool and beef farmer before entering politics.
Political career.
Macdonald was the third Senate candidate for the Coalition at the 1998 federal election but narrowly lost his seat to Aden Ridgeway of the Australian Democrats. In May 2000, he regained a seat in the Senate following the resignation of National Party Senator David Brownhill. In June 2005, Macdonald was made Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Trade, and in January 2006, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Defence.
Macdonald was at the centre of an allegation of a breach of the Commonwealth Electoral Act. Independent Member for New England, Tony Windsor, claimed through an interview with Tony Vermeer from "The Sunday Telegraph" that he had been approached, in May 2004, by a figure associated with the National Party with the offer of a diplomatic position in exchange for retiring from politics. Windsor made the allegations during the course of the 2004 Federal election campaign, some five months after the alleged incident occurred. The Australian Electoral Commission referred the matter to the Australian Federal Police (AFP). Windsor was re-elected and, in November 2004, speaking under parliamentary privilege, said that National Party leader John Anderson and Macdonald had made the offer through an intermediary, Tamworth businessman Greg McGuire. Windsor also claimed that the AFP had referred the matter to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions for determination. Anderson, Macdonald, and McGuire denied the claims. The AFP invistaged Windsor's claims and advised that the matter will not be prosecuted.
In October 2006, Macdonald refused a National Party endorsement on the joint senate ticket for the forthcoming 2007 Australian federal election. Macdonald retired from the Senate at the expiry of his term, on 30 June 2008 after the defeat of the Howard Government .
Post Political Career.
He was appointed a director of Defence Housing Australia in August 2008 by the Rudd Government. He was also appointed a director of Incremental Oil and Gas Ltd ( formerly a director of Incremental Petroleum Ltd)in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2889671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889671" title="Old Railway Station Museum">
Old Railway Station Museum

The Old Train Station and Railway Museum is located in the city of Aguascalientes, in the state of Aguascalientes, in Mexico.
Aguascalientes was once the largest hub in Mexico's rail system, and it held the largest workshop and warehouse complex in all Latin America.
The museum consists of two buildings (old station and old loading warehouse) and wagons. The loading warehouse exhibits railway history in Aguascalientes: the working class wars, the mechanical workshop, the Mexican Revolution, the first trains, the history of locomotive engine No. 40, the opening of the workshops, the derailments, and the origins of the railway. 
The museum is housed in four of the forty-eight huge departments, the oldest rooms that used to be part of the railway installations and which date from the end of the 19th century. 
In the "La Estación" building are exhibited aspects of identity and culture. On the first floor there is a re-creation of a living room, a re-creation of the ticket offices, and pictures of the state's baseball team "Los Rieleros", and of the city. On the second floor there is a telegraph office and another re-creation of a superintendent's office. It also includes an identity and culture show room where many railway personalities appear, such as Francisco López Medrano, best known as "El Trainero", Ventura Salazar, Cornelio Cerecero Salazar, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2889673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889673" title="Six's thermometer">
Six's thermometer

Six's thermometer is a registering thermometer which can record the maximum and minimum temperatures reached over a period of time, for example 24 hours. It is used to record the extremes of temperature at a location, for instance in meteorology and horticulture. It was invented by Englishman James Six in 1782; the same basic design remains in use.
It is also commonly known as a maximum-minimum, minimum-maximum, maxima-minima or minima-maxima thermometer, of which it is the earliest practical design.
The thermometer indicates the current temperature, and the highest and lowest temperatures since last reset.
Description.
This describes the traditional construction. Modern designs may substitute materials for less toxic ones but operate in the same way.
It consists of a U-shaped glass tube with two separate temperature scales set along each arm of the U. One of these is for recording the maximum temperature encountered and the other for the minimum temperature. The arms of the U-shaped tube terminate in sealed glass bulbs. The bulb at the top of the minimum reading scale arm is full of alcohol, the other contains a vacuum (or low pressure alcohol vapour).
In the bend of the U is a section of mercury, a metal which is liquid at normal temperatures. This is pushed around the tube by the thermal expansion and contraction of the alcohol in the first bulb as it responds to the external temperature. The near vacuum in the other bulb allows free movement of the alcohol and mercury. It is the alcohol which measures the temperature; the mercury indicates the temperature reading on both scales. This is unlike a normal mercury thermometer, in which the expansion and contraction of mercury itself indicates temperature.
The thermometer shows a reading at the top of the mercury section on both the maximum and minimum scales; this shows the current temperature and should be the same on both scales. If the two readings are not the same, then the instrument scales are not correctly positioned or the instrument is damaged.
The maximum and minimum readings are recorded by two small steel markers which are sprung into the capillary tube so that they can slide, but only if a force is applied to them, either by being pushed by the mercury or under the influence of an external magnet.
Before a new maximum or minimum reading can be taken, the thermometer must be reset by moving the markers to the top of the mercury, usually by hand using a small magnet to slide them along the tube. Any change in temperature after that will push one of the markers along with it. (If the markers are not reset, they will register maxima and minima only if they exceed the values already encountered.)
If the temperature rises, the maximum scale marker will be pushed. If it falls, the moving mercury will push the minimum scale marker. As the temperature varies, the markers will remain in their positions unless the temperature becomes higher (for maximum) or lower (for minimum) than already recorded, in which case the relevant marker is pushed further. The markers thus record the furthest point reached by the mercury in each arm of the tube, and thereby the highest and lowest temperatures since the last reset. Typically the thermometer is reset every 24 hours to measure the diurnal temperature variation, the positions of the ends of the markers nearest to the mercury are examined. Their positions on the maximum and minimum scales show the highest and lowest temperatures encountered since the last reset.
Design variations.
In a variation of design, some models have unsprung markers held in place by a magnetic plate located behind the card showing the scales and close enough to the U-shaped tube to hold the markers in place unless they are pushed by the thermal expansion of the device. When a manual control is operated, the plate is pushed away from the U-shaped tube, freeing the markers which then drop under gravity to the surface of the mercury.
Another design has the U orientated horizontally and the markers completely free and unsprung. The reset is carried out by turning the U to the vertical so the markers sink to rest on the mercury, and returning it to the horizontal.
Maintenance.
The Six's thermometer is known for separations in the mercury column, in particular after shipment, though accidental knocks have been known causes as well.
Separations can usually be corrected by swinging the thermometer as is done to reset a mercury clinical thermometer; the centrifugal force forces the mercury together again.
Should a marker become partly buried in the mercury, it can either be pulled up again with the magnet or exposed to an extremum temperature that leaves the marker uncovered. If a strong external magnet is used to pull up the markers in the push-button type with the magnetic plate in place, there is a risk of damaging the weak magnet behind the scale, or magnetising the steel in the markers either weakening or enhancing the pulling force against the capillary tube on all or part of the scale so that the thermometer no longer works properly.
Mercury Free Maximum Minimum Thermometer.
The original Six's thermometer design contains mercury, which has been banned for most uses in the European Union and some other parts of the world.
In 2006 S.Brannan & Sons Ltd, a UK company, was granted a patent for a mercury-free version of Six's Maximum Minimum Thermometer: instead of mercury two immiscible liquids are used supporting an index. The thermometer operates in the same way as the mercury version.

</doc>
<doc id="2889686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889686" title="Toulouse – Lasbordes Airport">
Toulouse – Lasbordes Airport

Toulouse – Lasbordes Airport () is a small non-commercial airport in the "commune" of Balma, situated east of the city center of Toulouse, both located in the Haute-Garonne department of the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwest France
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has a asphalt runway for light airplanes and a grass strip for microlights. The runways are located very close to the large highway surrounding Toulouse.
From the air, the airport is easily found by looking for a large upright Ariane space rocket located in "Cité de l'espace" (Space Museum) on the opposite side of the motorway.

</doc>
<doc id="2889690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889690" title="Mark Norman (banker)">
Mark Norman (banker)

Mark Richard Norman CBE (3 April 1910-1994) was an English banker from the Norman family. 
He was a former managing director of Lazard Brothers, the merchant bankers and chairman of Gallaher, the cigarette manufacturers.
Norman combined his respective careers in the City and industry with a prominent role in the affairs of the National Trust — an interest he inherited from his father, Ronald Collet Norman.
Mark Norman took over as deputy chairman of the Trust in 1977. Faced with rising maintenance costs and a rapid expansion of the property portfolio, he guarded short-term solvency while keeping a clear eye on long-term liabilities.
A man of deep integrity and feeling, which he disguised by a hearty manner, Norman exercised cautious judgment. When he retired in 1980 the Trust's annual report noted that he had guided its financial affairs "with a flair which approaches genius".
His perspective on the Trust was much broader than its financial aspect. Contrary to the recommendations of the 1968 Benson Committee, he argued successfully for the devolution of power to the Trust's regional chairmen — "a splendid lot", he called them, though some were reputedly "embryo brigands". Shown plans to rebuild derelict outbuildings at Erddig in Clwyd, his first response to the local agent was one of disbelief. But he helped to steer through the proposal, and in due course the outbuildings became a celebrated feature of the Erddig restoration, which was opened in 1977.
Mark Richard Norman was born in London on 5 April 1910, into a City family connected with the banking house of Brown, Shipley & Co. His uncle Montagu Norman, was a long-serving governor of the Bank of England, and both his paternal great-grandfathers were directors. His mother Lady Florence Bridgeman, was a daughter of the 4th Earl of Bradford. His father was chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC (1935-1940) and of the London County Council (1915-1917). He also served as vice-chairman of the National Trust during the 1930s, but declined the chairmanship, because he was not himself a great landowner. Ronald Collet Norman also placed the Trust's finance committee on a more professional footing; it subsequently fell to his son to chair that committee through the difficult economic circumstances of the 1970s.
Mark Norman was educated at Eton and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he read history. In 1930 he joined Gallahers, but he later moved to the City in 1932 to join Lazard Brothers, taking posts in London, Paris and Berlin.
In 1939 Norman enlisted in the Hertfordshire Yeomanry, before transferring to the Special Operations Executive, joining a six-man team led by the journalist and explorer Peter Fleming. Their task formulated by Churchill, was to recruit Italian POWs in Egypt to the Allied cause, and then to hold back the German advance in Greece.
Norman was badly wounded escaping from Greece, and on his return to England became an assistant military secretary in the War Cabinet offices; he later attended the Potsdam Conference, and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel.
After the war Norman became a partner in the small merchant-banking firm of Edward de Stein, which merged with Lazards in 1960. A managing director of Lazards from the merger until 1975, Norman was noted for his strong empathy with industrial clients.
It was this quality that brought him the chairmanship of Gallahers in 1963; he served until 1975 when after a long courtship, the firm became a subsidiary of American Brands. "Independence is sweet," Norman remarked, "but there comes a time when matrimony is attractive too." He was also chairman of Wiggins Teape, and a director of various companies.
Norman was appointed OBE in 1945 and CBE in 1977. He derived much pleasure from Moor Place, the Hertfordshire house acquired by his grandfather, where he had lived since boyhood.
He married in 1933, Helen Bryan, a Virginian whom he had met during his apprenticeship in the tobacco business; they had two sons and three daughters.
Their son David Norman became a successful city figure in his own right.

</doc>
<doc id="2889697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889697" title="Gavin Marshall">
Gavin Marshall

Gavin Mark Marshall (born 25 March 1960), Australian politician, has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate since July 2002, representing the state of Victoria.
Marshall was born in Melbourne and was an electrician and official with the Electrical Trades Union before entering politics.
On 7 July 2014, Marshall was elected for the position of Deputy President of the Australian Senate. He is also the Senate's Chairman of Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="2889698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889698" title="Joshiy">
Joshiy

Joshiy is an Indian film director in Malayalam cinema. He made his debut with "Tiger Salim" (1978). His notable superhit films include "New Delhi" (1987), "No.20 Madras Mail" (1990), "Dhruvam" (1993), "Lelam" (1997), "Runway" (2004), "Naran" (2005), "" (2008),"Christian Brothers" (2011) and "Run Babby Run" (2012).
Personal life.
Joshiy is married to Sindhu. The couple have a son Abhilash and a daughter, Aishwarya who died on a car accident in Chennai in July 2011. Abhilash is married to Varsha.
Career.
Born in Varkala in Thiruvananthapuram district, Joshiy's relation with cinema began from the movie theater that his family owned. While doing his final year in degree, in 1969, Joshiy left to Chennai to try his luck in cinema. Joshi began his career by assisting people including M Krishnan Nair and Sasikumar. He made his debut as director through "Tiger Salim", that got released in 1978. His next movie was "Moorkhan" which was followed by "Raktham". Following this, Joshi directed many films including "Kaahalam","Sharam", "Karthavyam", "Dheera" and "Arambham". In the year 1983, "Aa Rathri", got released for which Joshi joined with Mammootty for the first time, and they continued to work together for the next two decades. Following "Kodumkattu," came out and a series of films including "Bhookambam", "Kodathi", "Alakadalinakkare", "Muhurtham 11.30", "Minimol Vathicanil". In the year 1985, Joshiy directed "Nirakkoottu", based on the script by debutant Dennis Joseph. Joshi-Mammootty-Dennis Joseph continued working together with "Nyayavidhi", "Shyama", and "Veendum".
The films "Veendum", "Nyayavidhi", "Aayiram Kannukal", "Sayamsandhya", "Ksamichu Ennoru Vaakku" followed. "January Oru Orma" with Mohanlal was released in 1987. In the same year, Joshi joined with Mammootty for "New Delhi". In the year 1988, Joshiy directed three films, all scripted by Dennis Joseph and Mammootty in the lead role. "Dinarathrangal", "Sangham" and "Thanthram". In the year 1989, Joshiy once again teamed with Mohanlal for "Naduvazhikal". In the same year, Joshiy brought out a military film. "Nair Saab", completely shot in Kashmir, with Mammootty in the title role. "Mahayanam", his third film of the year fetched state award for best actor for Mammootty. "No.20 Madras Mail" was released in 1990 with Mohanlal in title role was a blockbuster and was followed by the investigation thriller "Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu". "Kuttettan" was his third film of that year but failed. Joshi's next film was "Kauravar" in 1992, again with Mammootty in lead role. Joshiy in 1992, tried his hand in Tamil cinema, with "Airport". In the year 1993, "Dhruvam" got released, followed by "Sainyam" in 1994. His debut into Telugu cinema was in the year 1994 through "Angarakshugudu", starring Dr Rajashekhar and Meena Durairaj in leading roles. In the year 1997 Joshiy brought out Bhoopathi. Joshi joined with Renji Panicker for "Lelam" and "Pathram" in 1999. In middle, Joshiy did "Vazhunnor". Joshiy's next two films were "Praja" and "Dubai" in 2001. In the year 2004, Joshi made a comeback with "Runway", this time Dileep in the leading role, it was the second highest grosser of the year (2004), was followed by "Maambazhakkaalam". "Naran" released in 2005 starring Mohanlal was a blockbuster followed by "Lion" in 2006. His next films included "Pothan Vava" (2006) and "July 4" (2007) followed by "Nasrani" (2007) was a flop, next film, "Janmam" (2007), was also flop. In 2008 he directed "" bringing together many of the top stars was an all time blockbuster. It was followed by "Robinhood" in 2009. "Christian Brothers" released in 2011, a multi-star film with Mohanlal, Suresh Gopi, Sarath Kumar and Dileep in leading roles went on to become a blockbuster at the box office. In 2012 he directed "Run Babby Run" with Mohanlal in lead was a blockbuster. It was followed by "Lokpal" in 2013. "Salaam Kashmier" 2014 with jayaram in lead was a failure.
Under his direction Mammootty acted in 32 films, Mohanlal acted in 11 and Suresh Gopi in 15.

</doc>
<doc id="2889700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889700" title="WNSW">
WNSW

WNSW (1430 AM "Radio Cantico Nuevo" ) is a radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey, serving Northeastern New Jersey and parts of New York City. The station, previously known by the call letters WNJR, broadcasts a Spanish Christian format. It is owned by Multicultural Radio Broadcasting, Inc..
History.
WNJR.
WNJR was a commercial station first located at 91 Halsey Street in Newark, with a transmitter power output (TPO) of 5000 watts. In 1946, "The Newark Sunday Call" purchased WBYN from the FCC. At the time, the "The Newark Sunday Call" was being purchased by the "Newark Evening News". In 1947, the station changed its callsign to WNJR and its ownership to North Jersey Radio. Ahead of its time, it first aired an unsuccessful all-news format. The station diversified its programming, running Jazz blocks, R & B music, talk shows, and Latin music. The "Newark Evening News" owned WNJR until 1953, when Rollins Broadcasting bought the station. As Newark's population became increasingly African-American in the 1960s, WNJR evolved into an R&B Music format full-time. Some of the jocks included Hal Wade, Danny Stiles, Bobby Jay, Hal Jackson, and others. In 1967, Rollins Broadcasting, after a dispute with its air staff, restructured into Continental Broadcasting.During the 1950s and 1960s the station featured some of the earliest rock and roll programming in the New York area, including the first claim to airing Alan Freed in that region. Despite claiming to be based in Newark, from the late 1950s through the 1970s the station broadcast from a studio at 1700 Union Avenue in Union. The station's two guyed broadcast towers were well-known to residents of the newly developed College Estates section of Union. WNJR suffered from poor nighttime signal coverage due to its FCC mandated directional antenna signal pattern. Additionally the station's antenna system's capacity hat design radiated too much signal skyward and 
not enough toward the ground where listeners reside. This caused signal cancellation and fading. Co-channel interference also limited its nighttime coverage ..
As Newark (its home city) became predominantly African-American during the 1970s, WNJR switched to a black-oriented music and news format. In 1973, it became the flagship station of Unity Broadcasting's National Black Network (NBN).
City of Newark/urban era.
In 1968 The FCC refused to renew Continental Broadcasting's license but pending an appeal they still continued to run WNJR which was profitable. The Soul format continued as well. In July 1971 Continental Broadcasting's license was officially revoked and the station was forced off the air on the 21st. The FCC though allowed the city of Newark to run the station and it signed back on a week later.
Financial problems.
WNJR continued with an Urban Contemporary format and became the flagship station of Unity Broadcasting's National Black Network (Now Sheridan Broadcasting's American Urban Radio Networks) in 1973. WNJR subsequently evolved into more of an Urban AC format by 1978. Also, the station played Gospel music and sermons on Sunday mornings and evenings. In 1982, Sound Radio received the WNJR license. The format stayed much the same. Initially the station was profitable but by 1988, it began to lose money as its core audience switched to New York City's two FM Urban powerhouses, WBLS and WRKS (98.7 Kiss FM). In 1989, Sound Radio filed Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.
Brokered days.
In 1991 American Radio Associates bought the station and attempted to keep the Urban AC format. But they too had financial problems and sold the station to Douglas Broadcasting in 1992. At that point the station dropped its Urban AC format in favor of Gospel music mornings and late afternoons, ethnic brokered shows mid-days and nights, and Gospel music and teaching on Sundays.
In 1995 Multicultural Media bought 1430 WNJR and shifted the station to include more Asian shows. They kept some Gospel music programming on Sundays. The station was then profitable.
Sunny 1430 era.
After WQEW in New York City became Radio Disney in late 1998, WNJR began playing adult standards. Julius LaRosa was the morning host, while Johnny Michaels hosted during the afternoon. In March 1999, Multicultural decided to fill the hole and put a Standards format on 1430. WNJR changed its callsign to WNSW June 8, 1999. The station became known as "Sunny 1430". They originally planned to switch to this format full-time except for Sunday mornings, but initially would run this format from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays and 10 a.m. to Midnight Saturdays and not at all on Sundays. The rest of the time they ran ethnic programming that was brokered. On Sundays they played Gospel Music and preaching.
During the week though they played a Standards format with artists like Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond, Petula Clark, Tony Bennett, Tommy Dorsey, Peggy Lee, Elvis Presley, Nat King Cole, Pat Boone, The Carpenters, Jack Jones, Tom Jones, the Andrews Sisters, Bobby Darin, James Taylor, the Four Aces, Johnny Mathis, Artie Shaw, Righteous Brothers, etc. The format was similar to 1560 WQEW's old format. They mixed in baby boomer pop in moderation. Still they focused on the standards. Some of the airpeople included Johnny Knox (who was program director and operations manager the first year of operation), John Von Soosten, Chuck Leonard, Danny Stiles, Julius LaRosa, among others.
Standards demise.
It was decided that once advertising grew enough to support Standards that they would drop the weekend brokered shows that were still the main source of revenue for WNSW. This never happened. The station was unable to sell even a moderate amount of commercial time but held on to the format during daytime in the week and Saturdays. Brokered shows were the only source of substantial income for WNSW but it was not enough to keep the station profitable after a while. In 2000 the station moved toward a Big Band lean and dropped the Neil Diamond and Elvis cuts.
Finally on February 28, 2001 WNSW would drop the format altogether with the playing of Frank Sinatra's "Softly As I Leave You". The format would, however, continue with a few evening hours with Danny Stiles. The rest of the day would revert to brokered programming full-time again.
Voice of Russia.
In January 2011, WNSW converted to a 24 hour simulcast of the English language service of the Voice of Russia.
See also.
Radio Cantico Nuevo is also heard on these stations.
Power increase proposed.
In early 2007, WNSW applied to move their transmitter from Union Township, Union County, New Jersey to Clifton, New Jersey. The station also has applied for a power increase of 5,000 watts day/night to 10,000 watts day and 7,000 watts night which would allow their signal to be heard throughout New York City.
In Summer of 2008, the Union Township towers were dismantled. WNSW now transmits from the four towers of co-owned WPAT in Clifton.

</doc>
<doc id="2889705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889705" title="Gudrun Ure">
Gudrun Ure

Gudrun Ure (born March 12, 1926, in Campsie, Strathclyde) is a Scottish actress, most famous for her portrayal of the titular character in "Super Gran". 
In Orson Welles' 1951 stage production of "Othello", Welles (as the title character) once got carried away and banged Desdemona's head vigorously against the wall, eliciting protests from the audience. Ure was the victim of his enthusiasm.
She also starred in the pilot of a series called "Life After Life", written by "Yes Minister" creator Jonathan Lynn. However, no further episodes were made. She has also appeared in "The 10th Kingdom" as Mrs Murray, the wife of Tony Lewis' tyrannical boss and owner of their apartment building, "T-Bag and the Pearls of Wisdom", "Midsomer Murders", "Casualty" and "The Crow Road".
Her radio acting credits include the part of Joan Danbury, the mother of Inspector Gwen Danbury in the eponymous police drama by Sue Rodwell broadcast on BBC Radio 4 between 2008 and 2010.
In a set of "Encyclopædia Britannica"-produced educational films about William Shakespeare's "Macbeth", Ure played the role of Lady Macbeth.

</doc>
<doc id="2889707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889707" title="Tammy Cantoni">
Tammy Cantoni

Tammy Cantoni (born 25 August 1972) is an Australian semi-professional pool and snooker player. She won the 1998 WPA World Nine-ball Championship (women's division), as well as national championships in women's divisions in snooker (2004) and nine-ball (8 times from 1995 to 2009). She was the runner-up in the 2009 open (mixed-gender) division of the Australian Nine-ball Championship and in 2010 was listed 56th in the World Pool Billiard Association women rankings.
Biography.
Cantoni, who began playing pool at age 8, began tournament competition at age 19, and won the first local tournament she entered. She went on to win her first attempt at a national title, at age 22, in 1995. She was ranked the 13th top woman player in the world by the World Pool-Billiard Association in 2000. Cantoni has competed in some events classified as professional or open-to-professionals, such as WBA championships, and others classified as amateur, including those sanctioned by the IBSF. The VNEA classfied her as a professional as early as 2001, if not earlier but dropped her from their pro list in 2004.
Cantoni has numerous regional women-division title, and has often represented her home country internationally. She is a three-time New South Wales state eight-ball champion (1995, 1998, 1999); NSW nine-ball champion (1999); seven-time WPA World Nine-ball Championship representative of Australia (1995–2000, 2004); representative for Australia at the 2001 World Games; eight-time Trans-Tasman Cup representative on Team Australia (1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004); five-time VNEA International Championship representative on Team Australia (1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000); Amarda eight-ball champion (1993, 1995, 1997), Lord Mayor's Cup winner (1998, 1999), Christmas Shield winner (1996, 1997, 2000); 2000 winner of the Australia Day Championship (eight-ball), Millennium Cup (snooker), Easter Cup (eight-ball), and Oceania Championship (eight-ball); and 2001 Oceania Nine-ball Champion.
Titles and accomplishments.
As of 2009, Cantoni's major cue sports titles include:
Australian 8-Ball champion (International Rules)

</doc>
<doc id="2889719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889719" title="Clydebank and Milngavie (Scottish Parliament constituency)">
Clydebank and Milngavie (Scottish Parliament constituency)

Clydebank and Milngavie is a constituency of the Scottish Parliament (Holyrood). It elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the first past the post method of election. Also, however, it is one of ten constituencies in the West Scotland electoral region, which elects seven additional members, in addition to ten constituency MSPs, to produce a form of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Electoral region.
The other nine constituencies of the West Scotland region are Cunninghame North, Cunninghame South, Dumbarton, Eastwood, Greenock and Inverclyde, Paisley, Renfrewshire North and West, the Renfrewshire South and Strathkelvin and Bearsden.
The region covers part of the Argyll and Bute council area, the East Dunbartonshire council area, the East Renfrewshire council area, the Inverclyde council area, North Ayrshire council area, the Renfrewshire council area and the West Dunbartonshire council area.
Constituency boundaries and council area.
The Clydebank and Milngavie constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency. In 2005, however, the Westminster (House of Commons) constituency was abolished in favour of new constituencies. 
The rest of East Dunbartonshire is covered by the Strathkelvin and Bearsden constituency. While the rest of West Dunbartonshire area is covered by the Dumbarton constituency.
From the 2011 Scottish Parliament election, the electoral wards used to form this constituency are:
Notes and references.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2889726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889726" title="Tondero">
Tondero

Tondero is a dance and guitar rhythm from the Peruvian north coast (Piura–Lambayeque).
Geographical origin of tondero and cumananas.
The Tondero is a Peruvian dance and rhythm born in the north coast adjacent to the eastern valleys of the Sierra or "yungas" of Piura, Sechura and Lambayeque. The oldest version is from the Morropón Province, approximately the center of Piura's region, below the highlands and inland from the coast.
Description and composition of the tondero.
The classical version consists of a principal singer, a small chorus, two "Criollo" style guitar players (one picking up the tundete or tondero bass line); the ""Peruvian cajon"" (now used in Latin American commercial rhythms), modern flamenco and evolutionary jazz, and/or Peruvian spoon players. It may be accompanied by palms or an Afro-Peruvian instrument made of dried and flattened pumpkins called "checo".
It is also played by trumpet and drum bands.
Composition.
It is composed of three parts: 1) "glosa" 2) "dulce" and 3) "fuga".
Ethnic origin of tondero.
In its choreography and its music, the tondero is very similar to the marinera, Perú's national dance, and the marinera norteña, the version of the marinera popular in the northern part of Perú—roughly the area around Trujillo and Piura. All of these dances ultimately stem from what had been cultivated in Perú by Spanish horsemen of Romani origin, then modified by African slaves. The terminology of "Tondero" derives from the terms Volandero, and Volero ("to fly by", describes the gypsy errant and caravanistic life) yet it eventually evolved into a "T", as to describe the tundete sound and base rhythm typical to it: "Bum Bum Bum". This base rhythm derives from trumpeting Zards yet carefully scales on guitar and the dance handfigures and movements are primitive bulerías. The cock fight so popular among Gypsies worldwide is where the dance gets its choreography and inspiration.
However, as the years went on, the significance of African influence added to its Romani origin and so did the mingling of these with the native Amerindians. 
Unlike the Zamacueca, which directly derives from Zambrainas and Hispano-African influences without Andean addings, the Tondero maintains a stronger Romani origin in its tragic lyrics with visible addings of African and America, Indian influence as time went by.
Tondero themes.
The dance expresses three themes, all inspired from the same emotion: the "errant life of birds", cockfighting very common among Peruvians (Peruvian roosters are the largest and most aggressive) and lastly, the "falling in love"; between birds or between the macho stallion that battles to get the acceptance of the female, she flirts and doesn't let him conquer her until the end.
The prototype image of tondero and cumanana singers are the solitary mestizo or creole (northern Peruvian) farmers who stop and sing about their tragic hard life, their errant ways. Themes are usually tragic and somewhat picaresque, where one makes fun of one's tragedy. Typical topics are the loss of cattle, crops (due usually to El Niño phenomena) or the lament due to unrequited love from his "china" (dear woman).
The use of the handkerchief, as a symbolic element that relates to the flying of errant birds, has a possible Romani inheritance that belongs to the weddings and is also seen in coastal dances like Zamacueca Limeña, Resbalosa, Canto de Jarana or Marinera Norteña. All of the dances seem to have guitarra and cajón instruments as their principal instruments. 
Figures of course represent cockfights and the stumps, body-waste movements and hand movements are done in gypsy musical style where flirting is done by the women, and the stud acts, and picaresque attitude called "machismo", is done by the man.
Cultures that surround tondero and cumananas.
Tondero is played by all coastal regions of the North; so there are styles from La Libertad, Lambayeque, Piura (the official region and origin of Tondero) and even Tumbes. 
The "chinganas" (traditional creole music bars) has the popular costume of putting a "White Flags" as synonymous invitations for newcomers or solitary bohemian northmen "Piajenos" (how northern people call the typical farmers whom ride donkeys and mules) to come refresh themselves from the northern heat and have a "Chicha de Jora" drink. It is of course a great chance to listen to an old "Piajeno" farmer sing and play tondero rhythms, most typically of northern Lambayeque and southern Piura.
The "Cumanánas" and "Tristes".
The cumananas and "Tristes" are somewhat like the tragic initial Zards or the Cante Jondo of Andalucia but in a mestizo flavour. After a few drinks of Pisco, Algarrobina or Chicha en poto come the "Cumanánas"; whom are "coplas" brought in "contra punto" style. They are sung in satiric and picaresque style but rooted always in a sad theme. The cumananas all surround the Tondero. Right before a tondero it is common to play cumanana and tristes. You can hear the resemblance to the yaraví (Andean song) mestizo in the guitar, gypsy Romani balads of eastern Europe or Spain in the form of song and then the explosive finish line or "tundete" of guitar: the rhythm of Tondero itself.
Etymology.
The most probable is that the term tondero derives from the term "volero" (flyer, birds that fly) or "bolero" and after years of changes to Tondero (with a t) as faster version based on Zards and Flamenco. The musical composition of guitarra has a resemblance to the order of those trumpet gypsy bands found in Romania or Hungary whom after tragic intro, flow as nomadic tunes. 
So we have a caravan-like feeling, where rhythms of cajón resemble as if they were mules, donkeys or even horses from a caravan. The thumping noise is accompanied by the "Tundete of the guitarr" that sounds like Ton-Ton-Tun. That is why it probably changed into Tondero instead of Volero (Bolero); there is also a gypsy rhythm called Volandero.
The music resembles primitive "bulerías", "tangos" or zards yet played to the creative Peruvian cockfights, in the movements.

</doc>
<doc id="2889735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889735" title="Clydesdale (Scottish Parliament constituency)">
Clydesdale (Scottish Parliament constituency)

Clydesdale is a constituency of the Scottish Parliament (Holyrood). It elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the plurality (first past the post) method of election. Also, however, it is one of nine constituencies in the South Scotland electoral region, which elects seven additional members, in addition to nine constituency MSPs, to produce a form of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Electoral region.
The other eight constituencies of the South Scotland region are Ayr, Carrick, Cumnock and Doon Valley, Dumfriesshire, East Lothian, Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire, Galloway and West Dumfries, Kilmarnock and Irvine Valley and Midlothian South, Tweeddale and Lauderdale.
The region covers the Dumfries and Galloway council area, part of the East Ayrshire council area, part of the East Lothian council area, part of the Midlothian council area, the Scottish Borders council area, the South Ayrshire council area and part of the South Lanarkshire council area.
Constituency boundaries and council area.
The Clydesdale constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency. In 2005, however, Scottish Westminster (House of Commons) constituencies were mostly replaced with new constituencies.
The Holyrood constituency is one of five covering the South Lanarkshire council area. The others are the East Kilbride, Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse, Rutherglen and the Uddingston and Bellshill constituencies, all in other electoral regions.
The electoral wards used in the creation of Clydesdale are:
Footnotes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2889746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889746" title="MachTen">
MachTen

MachTen is a Unix-like operating system from Tenon Intersystems that runs as an application program (in a virtual machine) on Apple Macintosh computers running Mac OS.
MachTen is based on 4.4BSD and the Mach kernel, and features the X Window System and GNU programming tools. MachTen development started in 1989, culminating in the first release in 1991. The Professional MachTen branch, intended for 68000-based Macintoshes, ended with release 2.3. The Power MachTen branch, which was Power Macintosh compatible, lacked some of the features of Professional MachTen (including true virtual and protected memory models), but took full advantage of the PowerPC processor and was compatible with Mac OS 9 through its final version, 4.1.4. MachTen is no longer developed, as it was largely superseded by Mac OS X.

</doc>
<doc id="2889751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889751" title="IDIS (software)">
IDIS (software)

IDIS is a software tool for direct data exchange between CDS/ISIS and IDAMS. It is developed, maintained and disseminated by UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="2889756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889756" title="WKDM">
WKDM

WKDM 1380 is a United States ethnic brokered radio station serving New York City and owned by Multicultural Broadcasting. The station broadcasts in Mandarin Chinese, 24 hours a day from Monday to Friday. On the weekends, it broadcasts in Spanish for Mexican audience.
History.
The station began operation in 1926 as WBNX, the call letters reflecting the station's location in the borough of the Bronx. One of the station's first permanent homes was inside Starlight Park, an amusement park located on the east bank of the Bronx River just south of East 177th Street. This tenancy lasted until 1932, when the Great Depression forced the park's closure, which then led to the station's eviction from its studios.
WBNX changed frequencies several times during its early years, eventually finding a permanent home on 1380 kHz, sharing time on the frequency with religious broadcaster WAWZ in central New Jersey. It operated 18 hours a day with general entertainment and brokered programming.
In 1960 WBNX was sold to United Broadcasting. By the mid-1960s, WBNX was airing a Spanish contemporary music format during most of its hours, with some Jewish-oriented and Italian-language programming on weekends.
In 1984 the station was renamed WKDM and became a full-time operation as United paid WAWZ owner Pillar of Fire to give up its portion of the time-share (WAWZ continued to operate on FM). It remained successful until the advent of a full-time Spanish format on WSKQ-FM in 1989, which pulled away listeners. As a result, in the early 1990s the station began to carry more leased-access/brokered shows. In 1992 it went completely brokered, and was sold to Multicultural in 1994.
In 1999 Multicultural transferred WKDM to Mega Communications in exchange for cash and various Washington D.C. area stations. Mega changed the call letters to WNNY and instituted an all news Spanish format (Noticas 1380). Eventually, the all-news evolved into a news/talk format. This format was not successful, and by 2002 Mega had changed the call letters to WLXE and the format to Mexican pop music as "X-1380". A few months later, Multicultural bought the station back and reinstated the WKDM call sign and the brokered programming policy.
Since 2007, WKDM has broadcast in Mandarin Chinese 24 hours a day Monday through Friday, featuring drama, popular music, talk shows, news program, children’s programs and sports, as well as programs from China and Taiwan. Also in 2007, a construction permit was granted to allow the station to increase its nighttime power from 5 kW to 13 kW.
The WBNX call sign is now used on UHF Channel 55 in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2889759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889759" title="La Estacion Theme Park">
La Estacion Theme Park

La Estacion Theme Park (The Railway Station) is a historic and recreational complex located in the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes.
The State of Aguascalientes was at some point a major railway hub for Mexico, due to its central location between important cities. It was home to some of the largest workshops and warehouses in Latin America. When the workshops ceased its work, the calderas, machinery and old workshops remained abandoned. They were salvaged by the city council and converted into a museum area and theme park.
La Estación Theme Park is composed of dancing fountains, the railway museum (with its two buildings), fast food restaurants, the Locomotive Engine Monument, visitor attention office, Spring water Square, Furgón theater, Civic Plaza, Whistle Plaza and a Knowledge Cabús. 
It consists of four showrooms. The first one functions as a gallery, in Showroom 2 the work of Manuel Manila Posada's colleague is usually shown. A third show room works as an exposition of the followers of this art. The last room is a library and contains about five thousand books, that include an important collection of poetry and theatre works.
Opening Hours are - Monday to Sunday: 07:00 to 19:00 hrs.

</doc>
<doc id="2889761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889761" title="Shirley Foundation">
Shirley Foundation

The Shirley Foundation, based in the UK, was established in 1996 by Steve Shirley, who gave a substantial endowment to establish a charitable trust fund.
The fund is used to support many projects, especially relating to autism, through grants and sometimes loans. For example, the Foundation funded the Oxford Internet Institute (OII), based at the University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="2889768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889768" title="Image stitching">
Image stitching

Image stitching or photo stitching is the process of combining multiple photographic images with overlapping fields of view to produce a segmented panorama or high-resolution image. Commonly performed through the use of computer software, most approaches to image stitching require nearly exact overlaps between images and identical exposures to produce seamless results. Some digital cameras can stitch their photos internally. 
Process Stages.
The image stitching process can be divided into three main components - "image registration", "calibration" and "blending".
Registration.
"Image registration" involves matching features in a set of images or using direct alignment methods to search for image alignments that minimize the sum of absolute differences between overlapping pixels. When using direct alignment methods one might first calibrate one's images to get better results. Additionally, users may input a rough model of the panorama to help the feature matching stage, so that - for example - only neighboring images are searched for matching features. Since there are smaller group of features for matching, the result of the search is more accurate and execution of the comparison is faster.
Calibration.
"Image calibration" aims to minimize differences between an ideal lens models and the camera-lens combination that was used, optical defects such as distortions, exposure differences between images, vignetting, camera response and chromatic aberrations. If feature detection methods were used to register images and absolute positions of the features were recorded and saved, stitching software may use the data for geometric optimization of the images in addition to placing the images on the panosphere. Panotools and its various derivative programs use this method.
Blending.
"Image blending" involves executing the adjustments figured out in the calibration stage, combined with remapping of the images to an output projection. Colors are adjusted between images to compensate for exposure differences. If applicable, high dynamic range merging is done along with motion compensation and deghosting. Images are blended together and seam line adjustment is done to minimize the visibility of seams between images.
Projective layouts.
For image segments that have been taken from the same point in space, stitched images can be arranged using one of various map projections.
Rectilinear.
"Rectilinear projection", where the stitched image is viewed on a two-dimensional plane intersecting the panosphere in a single point. Lines that are straight in reality are shown as straight regardless of their directions on the image. Wide views - around 120° or so - start to exhibit severe distortion near the image borders. One case of rectilinear projection is the use of "cube faces" with cubic mapping for panorama viewing. Panorama is mapped to six squares, each cube face showing 90 by 90 degree area of the panorama.
Cylindrical.
"Cylindrical projection", where the stitched image shows a 360° horizontal field of view and a limited vertical field of view. Panoramas in this projection are meant to be viewed as though the image is wrapped into a cylinder and viewed from within. When viewed on a 2D plane, horizontal lines appear curved while vertical lines remain straight. Vertical distortion increases rapidly when nearing the top of the panosphere. There are various other cylindrical formats, such as Mercator and Miller cylindrical which have less distortion near the poles of the panosphere.
Spherical.
"Spherical projection" or "equirectangular projection" — which is strictly speaking another cylindrical projection — where the stitched image shows a 360° horizontal by 180° vertical field of view i.e. the whole sphere. Panoramas in this projection are meant to be viewed as though the image is wrapped into a sphere and viewed from within. When viewed on a 2D plane, horizontal lines appear curved as in a cylindrical projection, while vertical lines remain vertical.
Panini.
Since a panorama is basically map of a sphere, various other mapping projections from cartographers can also be used if so desired. Additionally there are specialized projections which may have more aesthetically pleasing advantages over normal cartography projections such as Hugin's Panini projection - named after Italian vedutismo painter Giovanni Paolo Pannini - or PTgui's Vedutismo projection. Different projections may be combined in same image for fine tuning the final look of the output image. 
Stereographic.
Stereographic projection or fisheye projection can be used to form a "little planet" panorama by pointing the virtual camera straight down and setting the field of view large enough to show the whole ground and some of the areas above it; pointing the virtual camera upwards creates a tunnel effect. Conformality of the stereographic projection may produce more visually pleasing result than equal area fisheye projection as discussed in the stereographic projection's article.
Artifacts.
Image-stitching errorsClick to see the whole stitched image
The use of images not taken from the same place (on a pivot about the entrance pupil of the camera) can lead to parallax errors in the final product. When the captured scene features rapid movement or dynamic motion, artifacts may occur as a result of time differences between the image segments. "Blind stitching" through feature-based alignment methods (see autostitch), as opposed to manual selection and stitching, can cause imperfections in the assembly of the panorama. One way to avoid the parallax distortion issue is to make your images for stitching using a large format camera and keeping it stationary during your exposures. If your lens does not move your images will not have parallax issues. There are many sliding adapters on the market that allow for the movement of the capture device (whether a DSLR or medium format digital capture back) without any movement of the camera itself. One such adapter is the Flex Adapter by Phase One. For going above and beyond simple liner stitching on one axis, usually horizontal like the Alcatraz image at the top of this page there is the MultiStitch adapter plate which allows a user to create images that overlap precisely in both the X and Y planes, creating 2-over-2 images for stitching. Another photographic advantage to stitching using a large format camera is that the capture device remains on plane for each and every exposure and rotational imperfections and cylindrical distortions are eliminated.
Software.
Dedicated programs include Autostitch, SharpStitch, Kolor Autopano, Hugin, Panorama Maker, Ptgui, Panorama Tools, Microsoft Research Image Composite Editor and CleVR Stitcher. Many other programs can also stitch multiple images; a popular example is Adobe Systems' Photoshop, which includes a tool known as "Photomerge" and, in the latest versions, the new "Auto-Blend".

</doc>
<doc id="2889785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889785" title="Joseph Montferrand">
Joseph Montferrand

Joseph "Jos" Montferrand (born Joseph Favre; October 25, 1802 – October 4, 1864) was a French-Canadian logger, strong man and hero of the working man, who was the inspiration for the legendary Ottawa Valley figure Big Joe Mufferaw.
Joseph Montferrand, dit Favre was born in the St. Lawrence district of Montreal in 1802. The family men were known for their strength and powerful build. Joe was 6 foot 4 inches (1.94 m) tall with blue eyes and fair hair. Although he was mild in manner and appearance, he could more than hold his own in a street fight. He successfully challenged several famed boxers during his youth. He came to fame as a result of a challenge issued at a boxing match in the "Champ de Mars, Montreal". Two English-speaking boxers had just fought for the championship. The organizers then asked if there was anyone in the crowd who wished to challenge the champion of Canada. The sixteen-year-old Montferrand stepped into the ring and with one punch, felled the (former) champion. News of this surprising event spread quickly.
At the age of 21, he joined the Hudson's Bay Company as a voyageur. In 1827, he began work as a logger on the Rivière du Nord in Lower Canada and then moved to the upper Ottawa River. The loggers felled trees over the winter and then drove the logs down the river, eventually arriving at Quebec City. Montferrand spent the remainder of his working years in the lumber trade in the Outaouais. There was ongoing animosity between Anglophones and Francophones and frequent fights between the English, Irish and French Canadian loggers. Montferrand's prowess with his fists and boots was legendary in avenging the wrongs he and his compatriots were subjected to.
Montferrand defended French-Canadian workers against a gangs of Irish known as "Shiners" in the Bytown area. In 1829, he is said to have beaten a gang of 100 Shiners on the bridge between Hull, Quebec and Bytown. After 1840, he mainly worked the log drives as foreman and retired in 1857. In his later years, he suffered from pain in his back and joints.
His exploits were already the stuff of legends by that time. He is said to have left his boot heel marks imprinted on several tavern ceilings after somersaulting into the air, stomping the ceiling, and landing upright. He was immortalised in books, plays and songs by La Bolduc, Stompin' Tom Connors, and Gilles Vigneault. Sir Wilfrid Laurier wrote a biography of Montferrand based on the oral tradition of the time.
He died in Montreal in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="2889789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889789" title="Clydesdale (disambiguation)">
Clydesdale (disambiguation)

Clydesdale is a former government district in Strathclyde, Scotland.
Clydesdale may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2889791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889791" title="Ronald Collet Norman">
Ronald Collet Norman

Ronald Collet Norman JP (1873–5 December 1963) was a banker, administrator and politician.
He was chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC from 1935 to 1939 and of the London County Council from 1918 to 1919.
Biography.
Norman was the son of Frederick Henry Norman of the Norman family, long prominent in banking. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge (MA 1901).
In 1907 he was elected to the London County Council as a Municipal Reformer. From 1918-1919 he served as chairman and was an Alderman of the council from 1922-1934. He served as the vice-chairman of the National Trust during the 1930s, but he declined the chairmanship, because he was not "a great landowner". He placed the Trust's finance committee on a more professional footing; it subsequently fell to his son Mark Norman to chair that committee through the difficult economic circumstances of the 1970s. From 1933 to 1935 he served as vice-chairman of the BBC, and was chairman from 1935 to April, 1939.
Descendants.
Norman married Lady Florence Sibell Bridgeman (1877–1959), a daughter of the 4th Earl of Bradford. They had three sons and one daughter: 
Family connections.
Through the Bridgemans, the Normans descended from Ronald Collet Norman and Lady Florence are thus related to several prominent English and Scottish aristocrats including HRH The Duke of Gloucester (whose maternal grandmother was a sister of Lady Florence Norman), the 7th Marquess of Salisbury (whose maternal great-grandmother was another sister), the 9th Duke of Buccleuch (whose paternal grandmother, shared with the Duke of Gloucester, was a sister of Lady Florence), and so forth. 
His brother Montagu Norman, became a long serving Governor of the Bank of England and was elevated to the peerage as the 1st Baron Norman (but that title is now extinct, Lord Norman having had no issue). Both their grandfathers were directors.

</doc>
<doc id="2889796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889796" title="Brett Mason">
Brett Mason

Dr Brett John Mason (born 5 March 1962) is an Australian politician and has been a Liberal member of the Australian Senate since 1 July 1999, representing the state of Queensland. He was the Parliamentary Secretary for Health.
He was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Foreign Affairs following the election of the Abbott Government.

</doc>
<doc id="2889802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889802" title="Aimé Argand">
Aimé Argand

François Pierre Ami Argand (5 July 1750 – 14 October 1803) was a Swiss physicist and chemist. He invented the Argand lamp, a great improvement on the traditional oil lamp.
Early years.
Francois-Pierre-Ami Argand was born in Geneva, Switzerland, the ninth of ten children. His father was a watchmaker, who intended for him to enter the clergy. However, he had an aptitude more for science, and became a pupil of the noted botanist and meteorologist Horace-Bénédict de Saussure. He published several scientific papers on meteorological subjects while in Paris in his late twenties. He took a teaching post in chemistry and developed some ideas for improving the distillation of wine into brandy, and, with his brother, successfully built a large distillery.
The invention.
During this period, in 1780, he started to invent improvements on the conventional oil lamp. The basic idea was to have a cylindrical wick which air could flow through and around, increasing the intensity of the light produced. A cylindrical chimney enhanced the air flow and a series of experiments gave the proportions for optimum operation. A mechanism for raising and lowering the wick allowed some adjustment and optimization as well. The light was much brighter than a candle (by a factor of five to ten), burned cleanly, and was cheaper than using candles.
In 1783, Argand met Etienne Montgolfier in France and became closely involved with his sensational experiments to devise a hot air balloon. When he was there, his acquaintance Antoine-Aroult Quinquet, to whom he had shown his an early prototype, began to manufacture the lamps himself, with minor change, and successfully fought a protracted legal battle for patent infringement.
Many problems attended the successful development of a lamp that could be a commercial success. Argand experimented with all of them, searching for practical compromises. The design manufacture of the wick was solved by a lacemaker. The type of glass to use next to the hot flame was a problem eventually solved. All available types of oil to use were tested, and methods to purify them for use were the subject of a number of experiments. Whale oil was eventually settled on, which eventually created an important new industry. The mechanism for holding the wick and moving it up and down went through many variations. Even the solder used to fabricate the oil reservoir was a problem when it was discovered that the soft solder joints leaked. The invention of the lamp did not consist, then, of only one invention, but rather of the improvement and development of a complete system of parts all working together, not unlike Edison's invention of the electrical lighting system that was to again revolutionize lighting over a century later.
In October of the same year, he determined to manufacture his lamp, in England. He eventually formed a partnership with William Parker and Matthew Boulton to manufacture the lamp. In 1784, he received a patent for his design. Argand also formed a close relationship with James Watt who performed some experiments on the lamps efficiency and advised him on waging his court battles.
The demand for the lamps was high, and the partners had many difficulties at first in manufacturing them, but they eventually became the standard source of illumination in homes and shops. Many imitators and improvers evolved new variations, and thousands of shops sprang up to produce them in the next decades. They were eventually displaced by the kerosene lamp in about 1850.
Later years.
The invention of the lamp was not, in the end, profitable for Argand. He contracted malaria and suffered from it for twenty years before dying in Geneva at the age of 53.

</doc>
<doc id="2889808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889808" title="Harry Champion">
Harry Champion

William Henry Crump (17 April 1865 – 14 January 1942), better known by the stage name Harry Champion, was an English music hall composer, singer and Cockney comedian, whose onstage persona appealed chiefly to the working class communities of East London. His best-known recordings include "Boiled Beef and Carrots" (1909), "I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am" (1910), "Any Old Iron" (1911) and "A Little Bit of Cucumber" (1915).
Born in Bethnal Green, East London, to Henry Crump and Matilda Crump "née" Watson, Champion made his stage debut at the age of 15 at the Royal Victoria Music Hall in Old Ford Road, Bethnal Green, in July 1882. He initially appeared as Will Conray and went on to appear in small music halls within London's East End. In 1887 he changed his stage name to Harry Champion and started to perform in London's music halls beyond the East End where he built up a wide repertoire of songs. He soon became known as one of music hall's most successful artists performing in his trademark style of a fast tempo and often sang about the joys of food.
As a sideline to his performing career, Champion was also a proprietor of a successful business hiring out horse drawn Broughams to fellow performers. His coach business evolved in the mid to late 1920s and was known as North London Coaches (WH Crump and sons), which later became a family business. He occasionally performed in halls and theatres around London, mainly in the East End. After more than 4 decades on the stage, he briefly retired following the death of his wife but returned in 1930. He appeared on radio, gaining a new, much younger audience as a result. During the great depression of the 1930s, music hall entertainment had made a comeback, and Champion, like other performers of the music hall genre, returned to performing and enjoyed popularity throughout the 1930s. By the early 1940s he was in ill health, and died just a month after he was admitted to a nursing home in 1942.
Biography.
Early years and Will Conray.
Champion was born William Henry Crump on 17 April 1865 at 4 Turk Street, Bethnal Green, London, the son of Henry Crump, a master cabinet maker, and his wife, Matilda Crump, née Watson. He had one brother and one sister. Few details are known about Champion's early life, as he was notoriously secretive. When he was 15, he became an apprentice to a boot clicker and soon developed an interest in music hall entertainment.
Champion made his debut at the Royal Victoria Music Hall in Old Ford Road, Bethnal Green, in July 1882, as "Will Conray, comic". He appeared in minor music halls of London's East End, where he was described as a "comic, character vocalist, character comic and dancer". In 1883 he developed a blackface act in which he sang plantation songs. Local success led him to venture into other parts of the capital in the early part of 1886.
Later in 1886, Champion introduced a new act entitled "From Light to Dark", in which he appeared alternately in black and whiteface. The following year he changed his stage name from Will Conray to Harry Champion. When asked about the origin of the name, Champion stated:
As Harry Champion.
In 1889, Champion gave up the blackface part of his act. He bought the performing rights to the song "I'm Selling up the 'Appy 'Ome" which brought him newfound fame. The song is noted for being one of the first songs associated with his name. His popularity widened, and he made his West End theatre debut at the Tivoli in September 1890. Encores of his now famous song, "I'm Selling up the 'Appy 'Ome", were often accompanied with a hornpipe dance, which Champion performed. Champion followed this up with "When the Old Dun Cow Caught Fire", which he introduced into his act in 1893.
By the mid-1890s, he had many songs in his repertory, and he was in demand from audiences. The "Entr'Acte" wrote, "Champion is a comic singer who is endowed with genuine humour, which is revealed in his several songs, of which the audience never seems to get enough". His earliest known recording success was in 1896 with "In the World Turned Upside Down", followed by "Down Fell the Pony in a Fit" in 1897. In 1898 Champion ceased his style of alternating songs and patter and instead adopted a quick fire delivery in order for him to perform as many songs as he could during his act. He retained this style of delivery for the remainder of his career, remarking, "At one time I used to sing songs with plenty of patter but I changed the style for a new idea of my own, and started "quick singing". I think I am the only comedian who sings songs all in a lump, as you may say".
Champion's popularity was at its highest from 1910 to 1915. It was within this period that he introduced four of his best-known songs. "Boiled Beef and Carrots" was first published in 1909, and was composed by Charles Collins and Fred Murray. The song depicts the joys of the well known Cockney dish of the same name which was eaten frequently in London's East End community at the turn of the 20th century. "I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am" was written for Champion by Fred Murray and R. P. Weston in 1910. The song is a playful reworking of the life and times of Henry VIII, in this case not the monarch, but the eighth husband of the "widow next door. She'd been married seven times before." "Any Old Iron" was written for Champion by Charles Collins, E.A. Sheppard and Fred Terry in 1911. The song is about a man who inherits an old watch and chain. Champion later recorded it on the EMI label on 29 October 1935 and was accompanied by the London Palladium Orchestra. The song has often been covered by fellow artistes including Stanley Holloway and Peter Sellers. "A Little Bit of Cucumber" was written by the composer T. W. Conner and was first performed by Champion in 1915. The song is about a working-class man who enjoys eating cucumbers. He later compares them to other types of food, before eventually deciding that it is cucumber he prefers. Champion later took part in the first Royal Variety Performance at The Palace Theatre in 1912.
Other records of note included "What a Mouth" (1906), "Everybody Knows Me in Me Old Brown Hat" and "Beaver" both from (1922).
First World War and music hall decline.
The titles of many of Champion's songs, supplied mainly by professional writers, centred around various types of food, consumed, chiefly by the working class community of East London. Food became an essential part of his repertory, so much so that during the First World War, a plate of boiled beef and carrots was known as "an 'arry Champion". Champion also sang about cucumbers, pickled onions, piccalilli, saveloys, trotters, cold pork, and baked sheep's heart, all basic elements in a Cockney's diet.
With the outbreak of the First World War, traditional music hall entertainment declined in comparison with the new genre, variety. In 1915 Champion recorded "Grow some Taters", which was adopted by the British government's wartime publicity organisation to encourage the home growing of vegetables. However, by 1918 Champion, like a lot of performers from the music hall era, found their careers on the decline and he was forced into retirement in 1920.
North London Coaches.
Champion's main business interest away from the stage included the ownership of a successful business hiring out horse drawn Broughams to fellow performers. This evolved into a coach business in the late 1920s which became known as Horseshoe Coaches (WH Crump and sons). The business was later sold and renamed North London Coaches. Upon the outbreak of World War II, the fleet of vehicles was commandeered for the War Effort by the British government.
1930s revival.
During the great depression of the 1930s, music hall entertainment made a comeback, and Champion, like other performers of the music hall genre, returned to performing and enjoyed popularity throughout the 1930s. Troupes of veterans were much in demand in the 1930s, and Lew Lake's "Variety, 1906–1931—Stars who Never Failed to Shine" went on tour throughout the country early in the decade with Champion as a leading member. Critics hailed Champion as a success stating "He almost brought the house down with three of his typical ditties".
In 1932, Champion appeared at the royal variety performance with other representatives of old style music hall, including Vesta Victoria, Fred Russell, and Marie Kendall. That same year he returned to the London Palladium, where he sang "Any Old Iron" and had some success. Further royal variety performance appearances took place again at the Palladium in 1935 and at the London Coliseum in 1938, and he was seen in the successful "London Rhapsody" with the Crazy Gang at the Palladium in 1937 and 1938.
Champion decided not to try anything new because he recognised the fact that audiences liked the nostalgia surrounding his act. On stage, his appearance did not change. He was the embodiment of the spirit of the poorer parts of London, wearing shabby, ill-fitting clothes, old work boots and a frayed top hat. One critic noted "Like music hall itself, Harry Champion was of the people, he expressed the tastes of practically all his listeners, even those who would not openly admit it, and in World War 2 he sang to troops who found him a splendid tonic".
Personal life.
On 30 November 1889, at St Peter's Church, Hackney, Champion married Sarah Potteweld (1869–1928), who accompanied him on many of his tours. They had three sons and a daughter. In 1914, Champion moved from the east end to 520 West Green Road, South Tottenham. Towards the later part of his life he lived at 161 Great Cambridge Road, Tottenham. By late 1941, exhaustion had forced him into a nursing home, at 20 Devonshire Place, St Marylebone, London. He died there on 14 January 1942 and was buried with his wife (who had predeceased him on 24 January 1928) in St Marylebone cemetery, East Finchley, on 24 January 1942.
Legacy and influence.
Champion influenced many later variety artists and their acts. His songs are among some of the most popular Cockney songs ever recorded and are synonymous with people's interpretation of what Cockney humour is. "Any Old Iron" and "Boiled Beef and Carrots" are often used to illustrate a stereotype as perceived by non cockney people.
In 1960 the actor and singer Stanley Holloway recorded an album entitled "Down at the Old Bull and Bush", which included a cover of "Any Old Iron". In 1965 the pop group Hermans Hermits recorded a cover of "I'm Henry VIII, I Am" for the album "Hermits On Tour". Champion was mentioned twice in a 1969 episode of "Dad's Army" in the Series 3 episode "War dance", first when music is being selected, and again when Lance Corporal Jones performs various impressions of music hall artistes of the pre-First World War era but says that he cannot do an impression of Champion.
"Ginger You're Barmy" which was the title of Champion's 1910 song was used as the title of a book written by the author (not to be confused with the actor of the same name) David Lodge in 1962. Chas and Dave are admirers of Champion and often emulate his style, incorporating it into their own acts. In 1984 they recorded "Harry was a Champion" in tribute to him.
On 18th November 2012, Champion's granddaughter appeared on the BBC television programme "Antiques Roadshow" from Falmouth, Cornwall showing a selection of Champion's music hall memorabilia which was valued upwards of £5000.
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="2889810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889810" title="List of Grand Prix motorcycle racing World champions">
List of Grand Prix motorcycle racing World champions

Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the premier championship of motorcycle road racing, which has been divided into three classes since the 1990 season: 125cc, 250cc and MotoGP. Classes that have been discontinued include 350cc and 50cc/80cc. The Grand Prix Road-Racing World Championship was established in 1949 by the sport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM), and is the oldest motorsport World Championship.
There were four classes when the championship started in 1949; 500cc, 350cc, 250cc and 125cc. The 50cc class was introduced in the 1962 season. Due to escalating costs that resulted in a number of manufacturers leaving the championship, the FIM limited the 50cc bikes to a single cylinder, the 125cc and 250cc bikes were limited to two cylinders and the 350cc and 500cc bikes were limited to four cylinders. The 350cc class was discontinued in 1982; two years later the 50cc class was replaced with an 80cc class, which was discontinued in 1989. In 2002, 990cc bikes replaced the 500c bikes and the class was renamed as MotoGP. 600cc bikes replaced the 250cc bikes in the 2010 season, with the class re-branded as Moto2.
Giacomo Agostini, with 15 victories, has won the most world championships. Ángel Nieto is second with 13 world championships and Valentino Rossi, Mike Hailwood and Carlo Ubbiali are third with 9 world championships. Agostini holds the record for the most victories in the 500cc/MotoGP and 350cc classes with eight and seven world championships respectively. Phil Read and Max Biaggi have won the most 250cc/Moto2 championships, with four victories each. Nieto won the most championships in the 125cc and 50cc/80cc classes with eight and six victories respectively.
References.
Bibliography
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="2889813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889813" title="WRIR-LP">
WRIR-LP

WRIR-LP is a Public Radio and Adult Album Alternative radio format independent radio station licensed to Richmond, Virginia, serving Metro Richmond. WRIR-LP is owned and operated by Virginia Center For Public Press.

</doc>
<doc id="2889816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889816" title="Lionel Giles">
Lionel Giles

Lionel Giles (29 December 1875 – 22 January 1958) was British scholar and translator. Lionel Giles served as assistant curator at the British Museum and Keeper of the Department of Oriental Manuscripts and Printed Books. Lionel Giles is most notable for his 1910 translation of "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu and The Analects of Confucius.
Giles was the son of British diplomat and sinologist, Herbert Giles.
Early life.
Giles was born at Sutton, the fourth son of Herbert Giles and his first wife Catherine Fenn. Educated privately in Belgium (Liège), Austria (Feldkirch), and Scotland (Aberdeen), Giles studied Classics at Wadham College, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1899.
The Art of War.
The 1910 Giles translation of "The Art of War" succeeded British officer Everard Ferguson Calthrop's 1905 and 1908 translations, and refuted large portions of Calthrop's work. In the Introduction, Giles writes: It is not merely a question of downright blunders, from which none can hope to be wholly exempt. Omissions were frequent; hard passages were willfully distorted or slurred over. Such offenses are less pardonable. They would not be tolerated in any edition of a Latin or Greek classic, and a similar standard of honesty ought to be insisted upon in translations from Chinese.
Sinology.
Lionel Giles used the Wade-Giles romanization method of translation, pioneered by his father, Herbert Giles. Like many sinologists in the Victorian and Edwardian eras, he was primarily interested in Chinese literature, which was approached as a branch of classics. Victorian sinologists contributed greatly to problems of textual transmission of the classics. The following quote shows Giles' attitude to the problem identifying the authors of ancient works like the "Lieh Tzu", the "Chuang Tzu" and the "Tao Te Ching":
The extent of the actual mischief done by this "Burning of the Books" has been greatly exaggerated. Still, the mere attempt at such a holocaust gave a fine chance to the scholars of the later Han dynasty (A.D. 25-221), who seem to have enjoyed nothing so much as forging, if not the whole, at any rate portions, of the works of ancient authors. Some one even produced a treatise under the name of Lieh Tzu, a philosopher mentioned by Chuang Tzu, not seeing that the individual in question was a creation of Chuang Tzu's brain!
Continuing to produce translations of Chinese classics well into the later part of his life, he was quoted by John Minford as having confessed to a friend that he was a "Taoist at heart, and I can well believe it, since he was fond of a quiet life, and was free of that extreme form of combative scholarship which seems to be the hall mark of most Sinologists." 
Translations.
The prodigious translations of Lionel Giles include the books of: Sun Tzu, Chuang Tzu, Lao Tzu, Mencius, and Confucius.

</doc>
<doc id="2889835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889835" title="Whispering City">
Whispering City

Whispering City (aka Crime City) is a 1947 black-and-white film noir directed by Fedor Ozep. The movie was filmed on location in Quebec City and Montmorency Falls, Québec, Canada in both English and French. A French language version "La Forteresse", with different actors, was made simultaneously.
Plot.
Taking place in Quebec City, the film tells the story of a lawyer and a patron of the arts, Albert Frédéric, who, earlier in life, caused a murder and made it look like an accident for financial gain. Later in life, a dying woman tells a reporter the tale of how she thinks the accident was actually murder. The young American reporter, Mary Roberts, begins investigating the case, unaware that the charming lawyer may be behind it all. Meanwhile Michel Lacoste, a classical composer, who is supported by Frédéric, is having marriage troubles. Finally his wife kills herself and leaves the husband a note. Frédéric sneaks into the apartment, takes the note and convinces the man that he killed her in a drunken rage. Michel, whose night was indeed blacked out by drink, can't remember anything. The lawyer then offers the composer a deal: kill reporter Mary Roberts in exchange for legal representation that will guarantee to get the younger man off the hook. The man, seeing no other choice, agrees reluctantly. The man and woman meet but he does not have the heart to kill her. The two begin to fall in love, gradually figure out that the lawyer is the real killer and set about a scheme to drive the lawyer into confessing to the crime.
Reception.
Critical response.
Film critic Dennis Schwartz gave the film a mixed review, writing, "Watchable minor film noir, that is competently directed by Fyodor Otsep from a story by George Zuckerman and Michael Lennox. The acting by Paul Lukas and Helmut Dantine is far beyond what you would expect in such a cheapie film. But the narrative has too many coincidental plot points to be believable, though the crisply told story is for the most part entertaining. The film is told in flashback by a tourist guide sleigh driver to two riders in Quebec City."

</doc>
<doc id="2889837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889837" title="C. H. Sisson">
C. H. Sisson

Charles Hubert Sisson (also known as C. H. Sisson) CH (22 April 1914 – 5 September 2003) was a British writer, best known as a poet and translator.
Life.
Born in Bristol in 1914, C. H. Sisson was noted as a poet, novelist, essayist and an important translator. He was a great friend of the critic and writer Donald Davie, with whom he corresponded regularly.
Sisson was a student at the University of Bristol where he read English and Philosophy. As a poet he first came to light through the London Arts Review, "X", founded by the painter Patrick Swift and the poet David Wright. He reacted against the prevailing intellectual climate of the 1930s, particularly the Auden Group, preferring to go back to the anti-romantic T. E. Hulme, and to the Anglican tradition. The modernism of his poetry follows a 'distinct genealogy' from Hulme to Eliot, Pound, Ford Madox Ford and Wyndham Lewis. His novel "Christopher Homm" experiments with form and is told backwards. 
Sisson served in the British Army during World War II in India and joined the Ministry of Labour in 1936. He worked as a civil servant and wrote a standard text "The Spirit of British Administration" (1959) arising from his work and a comparison with other European methods. Sisson was a 'severe critic of the Civil Service and some of his essays caused controversy'. In his collection "The London Zoo" he writes this epitaph 'Here lies a civil servant. He was civil/ To everyone, and servant to the devil.' 
Sisson was married, in 1937, to Nora Gilbertson (d. 2003) and they had two daughters. In 1993 C.H. Sisson was appointed a Companion of Honour for his services to Literature. He died on 5 September 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2889842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889842" title="Abul Kamal Tumin">
Abul Kamal Tumin

Abul Kamal Tumin, a Zenata (?) rebel, conquered the Moroccan town of Fes in 1032, killing 6,000 Jews.
After 926, the Idrisids had abandoned Fes for good and withdrew to the valleys of the Rif mountains. And a turbulent time began until the establishment of the Almoravid dynasty in the 1060s. Under Ali az-Zahir, the seventh Fatimid Khalif, Bedouin revolts erupted.

</doc>
<doc id="2889845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889845" title="Audianism">
Audianism

Audianism was a fourth-century group in Christianity, named after their leader, Audius (or Audaeus). They were seen as a heresy.
Beliefs.
The distinguishing beliefs and practices included both theological anthropomorphism and quartodecimanism.
History.
Audius lived in Syria in the fourth century. His views extended into Scythia. Towards the end of the fourth century the opinion of the Audians appeared among some African Christians.
In 325 at the First Council of Nicaea, it was decreed that all Christians should follow the Roman tradition of celebrating Pascha (Easter) at the Easter Sunday, and no longer at the date of 14 Nisan, like the Jewish Passover, as the so-called Quartodecimans were used to do. The Audians, however, continued the Quartodeciman practice.
Epiphanius of Salamis called attention to the Audians (as well as other sects he considered heretical) in his "Panarion". Although Epiphanius is not always a trustworthy source, but correctly quotes the viewpoint of the Audians, that the church had "abandoned the fathers' Paschal rite in Constantine's time from deference to the emperor, and changed the day to suit the emperor".
Roman Emperors Constantine I the Great and Theodosius I legislated against the Audians, but the sect was still practicing quartodecimanism in Syrian Antioch in the 380s.
The Church Father Theodoret wrote on this heresy the following, as Chapter IX of his "Ecclesiastical History" (Book IV), titled "Of the heresy of the Audiani":
The illustrious emperor thus took heed of the apostolic decrees, but Audaeus, a Syrian alike in race and in speech, appeared at that time as an inventor of new decrees. He had long ago begun to incubate iniquities and now appeared in his true character. At first he understood in an absurd sense the passage "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness." From want of apprehension of the meaning of the divine Scripture he understood the Divine Being to have a human form, and conjectured it to be enveloped in bodily parts; for Holy Scripture frequently describes the divine operations under the names of human parts, since by these means the providence of God is made more easily intelligible to minds incapable of perceiving any immaterial ideas. To this impiety Audaeus added others of a similar kind. By an eclectic process he adopted some of the Manichean doctrines of Manes and denied that the God of the universe is creator of either fire or darkness. But these and all similar errors are concealed by the adherents of his faction.
They allege that they are separated from the assemblies of the Church. But since some of them exact a cursed usury, and some live unlawfully with women without the bond of wedlock, while those who are innocent of these practices live in free fellowship with the guilty, they hide the blasphemy of their doctrines by accounting as they do for their living by themselves. The plea is however an impudent one, and the natural result of Pharisaic teaching, for the Pharisees accused the Physician of souls and bodies in their question to the holy Apostles "How is it that your Master eateth with publicans and sinners?" and through the prophet, God of such men says "Which say, 'come not near me for I am pure' this is smoke of my wrath." But this is not a tithe to refute their unreasonable error. I therefore pass on to the remainder of my narrative.
Other church fathers who wrote against it included Jerome and Cyril of Alexandria, who encountered it among some Egyptian monks. Cyril composed a short refutation of their error, which he attributed to extreme ignorance.
Anthropomorphism.
Also other early Christian writers such as Melito, Tertullian, Origen and Lactantius were accused of anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphism was revived in northern Italy during the tenth century, but was effectually suppressed by the bishops, notably by the Ratherius, bishop of Verona.
In modern times, Benny Hinn has also taught a form of anthropomorphism. 

</doc>
<doc id="2889864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889864" title="Interference (communication)">
Interference (communication)

In communications and electronics, especially in telecommunications, interference is anything which alters, modifies, or disrupts a signal as it travels along a channel between a source and a receiver. The term typically refers to the addition of unwanted signals to a useful signal. Common examples are:
Interference is typically but not always distinguished from noise, for example white thermal noise. 
Radio resource management aims at reducing and controlling the co-channel and adjacent-channel interference.

</doc>
<doc id="2889865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889865" title="Bruton railway station">
Bruton railway station

Bruton railway station serves a largely rural area of the county of Somerset in England. The station is situated in the small town of Bruton. 
The station is on the Bristol to Weymouth line some south of Bath Spa. Trains on the Reading to Taunton line pass through the station but do not normally stop. Both the services and the station are operated by First Great Western.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Western Railway on 1 September 1856 on its Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth main line. At that time this was just a single track but a loop was provided at Bruton to allow trains to pass. Stone buildings were erected on both platforms, and a footbridge linked the platforms from 1895. A signal box was provided from 1877 at the west end of the station.
The goods yard, which was on the north side of the line opposite the signal box, was closed on 5 April 1965 and the station was downgraded to an unstaffed halt from 6 October 1969.
Description.
The station has two platforms with a modern glass-and-metal waiting shelter on each. A footbridge enables passengers to cross the line. There is no wheelchair access to the far platform (for trains arriving from Bristol and going to Weymouth).
The cutting in which the railway is built is a Site of Special Scientific Interest as one of the best places in England to demonstrate the stratigraphic distinction of ammonites in the subcontractus zone and the morrisi zone.
Services.
There is generally a two-hourly service (eight per day in total) northbound to , Bath Spa, Bristol Temple Meads and and southbound to Weymouth. On Sundays there are three trains in each direction throughout the year, increasing to five during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2889868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889868" title="African Independence Party (Burkina Faso)">
African Independence Party (Burkina Faso)

African Independence Party () was a political party in Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta), led by Philippe Ouédraogo.
It was a part of the Pan-African communist African Independence Party (PAI), which established its branch in Upper Volta in 1963. In 1973 PAI launched the Patriotic League for Development (LIPAD) as its open mass front. LIPAD became an important movement during the revolution of 1983 and through LIPAD PAI took part in the Thomas Sankara government for one year. Then relations with Sankara soured and LIPAD was expelled from the government.
In the 1992 parliamentary elections, PAI was part of the pro-government Popular Front. PAI won two seats.
In 1999 the PAI split, and Soumane Touré formed a parallel PAI. The PAI led by Touré, which joined the government, obtained the legal recognition of the name PAI. The PAI led by Ouédraogo registered an electoral party, Party for Democracy and Socialism in 2002, in order to contest the elections on 5 May 2002. PDS won 1.7% of the popular vote and 2 out of 111 seats.
In 2005 Ouédraogo won 2.3% of the vote in the presidential elections. He was supported by the PAI, the PDS, the CDS, the GDP and the UFP.
PAI published "L'Avant-Garde".
In 2012 the party merged into Party for Democracy and Socialism/Metba.

</doc>
<doc id="2889869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889869" title="Penny Baker">
Penny Baker

Penny Baker (born October 5, 1965) is an American model and actress. After being interviewed in Chicago, she was chosen as "Playboy"'s Playmate of the Month for January 1984, the 30th Anniversary Playmate. Her photos were shot by Arny Freytag in New York City, Buffalo, and Los Angeles when she was 17, with written permission from her parents. Her pictorial was titled "Lucky Penny" and it reported her age as 18.
In 1985, she had a cameo in the movie "Real Genius", appearing in the pool slide scene. In 1986, she had a role as a high-priced prostitute in "The Men's Club".
Baker was once interviewed by the author Martin Amis. According to him, "within a minute I had run out of questions." 

</doc>
<doc id="2889879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889879" title="Henry Schlacks">
Henry Schlacks

Henry J. Schlacks (July 4, 1867 – January 6, 1938) was an ecclesiologist from Chicago, Illinois, considered by many to be the finest of Chicago's church architects. Schlacks trained at MIT and in the offices of Adler & Sullivan before starting his own practice. He founded the Architecture Department at the University of Notre Dame and designed several buildings in the Chicago area.
Among the Churches that Schlacks designed are
Chicago:
Evanston, Il
Forest Park, Illinois
Oak Park, Illinois:
Skokie, Illinois:
Indianapolis, IN
Topeka, KS
Cincinnati, OH

</doc>
<doc id="2889886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889886" title="Andrew Murray (politician)">
Andrew Murray (politician)

Andrew James Marshall Murray (born 29 January 1947) is an Australian politician. He was an Australian Democrats member of the Australian Senate from 1996 to 2008, representing Western Australia. In 2013, Murray was appointed a Royal Commissioner on the Australian Government Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse.
Background and early years.
Murray was born in Hove, in the United Kingdom. In 1951 he was sent as a child migrant to the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe), where he was educated before graduating from Rhodes University in South Africa with degrees in English and History. He continued his education at Oxford University (Rhodes Scholar 1971), where he graduated with degrees in Philosophy, Politics and Economics.
Returning to Africa, Murray worked as an executive in large corporations, then ran his own businesses. He also worked as a consultant, lecturer and industry journalist and served in the Rhodesian Air Force. He was deported from South Africa in 1968 for opposing the apartheid policies of the white minority régime in his role as Deputy Vice President of the National Union of South African Students. The deportation order was withdrawn in 1977. Murray migrated to Australia in 1989.
Political career.
Murray was applauded by some as an intelligent and thoughtful debater in the Senate. Others believe that he acted against the wishes of his party's members in voting for the Goods and Services Tax bills in 1999, a stance which caused an irreparable party-room rift, leading to terminal loss of electoral support.
Murray pushed for greater transparency in government contracting activities by obtaining Senate support for a motion that required federal government ministers to indicate what clauses in contracts are confidential and to then justify the need for confidentiality. The impact of the Senate order resulted in a complex process to identify confidential information in the procurement process. The government issued guidance, updated in 2007, to provide further clarity, whereby tenderers must identify any information they consider is confidential and government procurement officers must assess such claims against four criteria. The legalistic and subjective nature of the criteria and the intrinsic complexity of the process sets the scene for inaccurate application of the test and inconsistent reporting by government agencies. The government's auditor does not report on the number of contracts requested by parliament that contain confidentiality provisions. The parliament has, and always has had, a legal right of access to government contracts.
Murray did not seek re-election at the 2007 federal election and retired at the expiration of his term on 30 June 2008.
Royal commissioner.
On 11 January 2013 the Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard, announced Murray's appointment through Letters Patent as one of six Commissioners to the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="2889892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889892" title="1996 in Australia">
1996 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="2889895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889895" title="Kathy Westmoreland">
Kathy Westmoreland

Kathy Westmoreland (born August 10, 1945 in Texarkana, Arkansas) is an American singer.
After growing up in Abilene, Texas, the daughter of a professional singer (father) and a professional dancer (mother), she moved to California in 1962 with her sisters (professional singers Melody Westmoreland and Christie Westmoreland) and brother Brent (professional drummer/singer). She teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Steve Martin in a musical comedy act, working together at the Birdcage Theater at Knott's Berry Farm and playing local coffee houses.
A soprano, Westmoreland sang musical comedies and opera, performing oratorios and traveling with the Metropolitan Opera National Company by the age of eighteen. Returning to California, she joined the singing group The Sandpipers, who had a major hit with the song "Guantanamera." She became a studio session singer, appearing on numerous television shows such as those of Red Skelton, Tim Conway and Bobby Darin. She was one of Jimmy Joyce's singers, Ray Conniff's singers, Johnny Mann and many others, including vocals on recording sessions with hundreds of major artists. In 1970 she was hired to sing backup vocals for Elvis Presley, both in the studio and on stage, where he would introduce her as "the little girl with the beautiful high voice." She continued to perform with Presley until his death in 1977 and sang at his funeral at his request.
In 1987, she published ""Elvis and Kathy"" that recounted her time with Presley. (ISBN 0-9618622-0-3)
Kathy continues to perform to sold-out crowds, ranging from nightclubs to country-rock-and dinner theaters to fan clubs, and appears in films, TV, radio interviews, and recordings. She is currently contributing to many projects, including Dick Dale's HBO special, and occasionally performing with her daughter Lindsey, a singer and dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="2889907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889907" title="Cristero Museum">
Cristero Museum

The Cristero Museum () is the only museum in Mexico about the country's civil war that existed from 1767 until past the 1900s when peaceful coexistence was achieved. It is located in the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, in central Mexico. The museum was opened to the public on March 20, 2003.
This museum has been closed since around 2005 but the items are said to still exist and may resurface somewhere.
The Cristiada was a war between Mexicans that were divided by their way of thinking, an event that still provokes the most controversial discussions between the people that lived or have come close to this war that spread to eighteen states.
Layout.
It is composed of five show rooms with seven themes, in which the background of the conflicts between the State power and the Church power is shown util the last repercussions of the Cristero War.
Show Room 1 Por los siglos de los siglos..
The conflicts between the church and the state in our history remote to the Viceroyalty age, with the expulsion of the Jesuits in 1767. Further on with the Independence War, the clergy was divided by the priests that lead the fight and the bishops that condemned it. From 1833 to 1874 in the independent Mexico, may people tried to reduce the influence of the church in the political life, but a relative coexistence was achieved until the government of Porfirio Díaz.
Show Room 1A El pecado original..
The Mexican Revolution awoke the conscience of all the population sectors, and its ideology. The Anti clergy appears, due to the accusations of Carranza's troops, of supporting Victoriano Huerta. Major encounters with the Mexican bishopric took place during the government of Obregón and Calles, these happened until the Cristero War started.
Show Room 2 Yo aventaba las balas y Dios las repartía.
With the closing of the churches, the Catholics started to organize. To the time when the National Defense League of Religion Freedom appeared, the first armed battles were held in the forests. The government answered with the persecution of those who supported the resistance with bullets and in writing form. Women participation was fundamental in this fight by means of women brigades.
Show Room 3 Y se odiaban los unos a los otros.
In every war there are pitiful facts, in the Cristiada there were sackings in temples by the army, murder of priests and bombing of towns. Although the cruel actions of the general and priest José Reyes Vega were known, like ordering burning of a train with the passengers in side. In the capital of the country Álvaro Obregón was murdered and many Catholics were accused of being related with the league.
Show Room 4. Esas tierras del Rincón..
Aguascalientes also participated in the Cristera war in the west part of the state mainly. The person who led and acted in the Calvillo district was José Velasco. There were also battles registered in the east like in the Llano, and Asientos District mainly known for the predominant agrarianism.
Show Room 4A. Los Arreglos.
To 1929 the indicial participants of the conflict, the State and the Church, made several conferences with the purpose of coming to peace. Although there never was an official paper or law, the banished priests were allowed to come back to their churches, as well as the aperture of the temples and the Cristeros amnesties. The church bells sounded again; however the surviving Cristeros leaders were chased by some generals at the margin of the arrangements.
Show Room5. La Segunda.
With the imposition of the socialist education in 1934. The old Cristeros made their unconformities heard calling it “La Segunda”. This movement deceased because there was no popular support or by the clergy. The definite peace would not come until Manuel Ávila Camacho's government.
Captain Efrén Quesada Ibarra Historical Archive.
A space dedicated to students and researchers, in which can be found the largest printed documental source and audiovisuals in the country.
Hours of Operation and Information.
The richness of this great exhibition, unique in all the republic, is open to public at # 329 Pedro Parga. (Now INSUMA Math school, 10/2007), Historical Center, with a schedule from Tuesday to Sunday from 11:00 to 18:00hrs. School visits can be reserved to the following telephone: (449)916-6632.

</doc>
<doc id="2889917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889917" title="Mary Anderson (inventor)">
Mary Anderson (inventor)

__NOTOC__
Mary Anderson (1866–1953) was an American real estate developer, rancher, viticulturist and inventor of the windshield wiper blade. In November 1903 Anderson was granted her first patent for an automatic car window cleaning device controlled inside the car, called the windshield wiper.
Early life.
Mary Anderson may not be known to many but most people have probably used her invention thousands of times in their day-to-day life. 
Mary Anderson was born in Greene County, Alabama, at the start of Reconstruction in 1866. In 1889 she moved with her widowed mother and sister to the booming town of Birmingham, Alabama. She built the Fairmont Apartments on Highland Avenue soon after settling in. By 1893, Mary Anderson had moved west to Fresno, California where until 1898 she operated a cattle ranch and vineyard.
Invention of the windshield wiper.
In a visit to New York City in the winter of 1903, in a trolley car on a frosty day, she observed that the motorman drove with the front window open because of difficulty keeping the windshield clear of falling sleet. When she returned to Alabama she hired a designer for a hand-operated device to keep a windshield clear and had a local company produce a working model. She applied for, and in 1903 was granted, a 17-year patent for a windshield wiper. Her device consisted of a lever inside the vehicle that controlled a rubber blade on the outside of the windshield. The lever could be operated to cause the spring-loaded arm to move back and forth across the windshield. A counterweight was used to ensure contact between the wiper and the window. Similar devices had been made earlier, but Anderson's was the first to be effective.
Around the time Anderson applied for her patent, cars were not very popular then. As a matter of fact, Henry Ford's A model car did not even exist and his popular T model vehicle would not be created until 1908. Anderson was mocked and teased by many because of her brilliant idea for the windshield wipers. People felt that the movement of the windshield wipers would distract drivers from watching the road. Not surprisingly, the laughter did not last long because by 1913 thousands of people were driving their cars and windshield wipers were part of standard equipment. It is impossible to imagine what we would ever do without them. 
In 1904, Anderson applied for a patent for a swinging arm with a rubber blade. The device consisted of a lever that could be operated from inside a car by the driver. The lever caused a spring-loaded arm with a rubber blade to swing across the windshield and then back again to their original position, thus removing droplets of rain or flakes of snow from the windshield's surface. The patent for the device was issued in 1905. Similar devices had been made earlier than Anderson's was, but hers was the first that actually worked. Additionally, the device could be easily removed if so desired, after winter was over. 
In 1905 she tried to sell the rights through a noted Canadian firm, but they rejected her application, saying "we do not consider it to be of such commercial value as would warrant our undertaking its sale." 
After the patent expired in 1920 and the automobile manufacturing business grew exponentially, windshield wipers using Anderson's basic design became standard equipment. In 1922, Cadillac became the first car manufacturer to adopt them as standard equipment.
Later life.
Anderson resided in Birmingham, where she continued to manage the Fairmont Apartments until her death at the age of 87. At the time of her death she was the oldest member of South Highland Presbyterian Church. She died at her summer home in Monteagle, Tennessee. Her funeral was conducted by Dr. Frank A. Mathes at South Highland and she was buried at Elmwood Cemetery.
In popular culture.
Anderson's invention of the windshield wiper is mentioned in Season 17, Episode 19: "Girls Just Want to Have Sums," of the cartoon "The Simpsons", during a debate between Marge Simpson and her husband and son, Homer and Bart, about gender equality:

</doc>
<doc id="2889923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889923" title="POD-bot">
POD-bot

POD-Bot is a bot for Counter-Strike and Half-Life. POD stands for "Ping of Death" Bots, a name derived from the fact that bots using the Half-Life engine always have a minimum ping of five. "POD-Bot" was scripted, coded, and developed by Markus Klinge, also known as "Count Floyd", and was developed to entertain the players who can't or don't play Counter-Strike online. The bots use a waypoint based navigation system to travel around maps, and are capable of completing map objectives as well as killing the opposing force.
Count Floyd's POD-bot is restricted to Windows-based systems, and "Counter-Strike" is the only mod on which it functions. However, the source code to "POD-bot" has been released, and several variants have emerged offering various new features, such as metamod plugin capabilities and long awaited Linux support.
Its pathfinding skills are the same as in stock maps.

</doc>
<doc id="2889926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889926" title="David Price (footballer)">
David Price (footballer)

David James Price (born 23 June 1955) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal, Peterborough United, Crystal Palace and Leyton Orient.
Born in Caterham, Surrey, Price was snapped up by Arsenal in 1970, having been already known as a prodigious young midfielder (he was captain of the England schoolboys team). He spent the next few years in the Gunners' youth and reserve sides, winning the FA Youth Cup in 1971. He had made his first-team debut aged 17 in a First Division match against Leeds United on 9 May 1973 but even after this, he still played mainly in the reserves for the next few years.
After a loan spell at Peterborough United, Price fully broke into the Arsenal first team in 1977–78, playing 51 matches that season (he had only made 13 appearances in four years before then). His regular spell in the Arsenal side coincided with the Gunners' FA Cup runs of the late 1970s, reaching the Cup Final three seasons running between 1978 and 1980 – Price played in all three but Arsenal only won the one in 1979, 3–2 against Manchester United; Price set up Brian Talbot for the opening goal. Price also played in Arsenal's Cup Winners' Cup defeat at the hands of Valencia in 1980, on penalties after a 0–0 draw.
Price surprisingly lost his place to the veteran John Hollins at the start of the 1980–81 season, and was sold to Crystal Palace in March 1981, in a part-exchange deal which saw Peter Nicholas move the other way. In all he played 176 games for Arsenal, scoring 19 goals.
Price's spell at Crystal Palace was not a happy one, being hampered by injury; he only made 27 League appearances in two seasons, and after a brief spell at Leyton Orient, he quit the game because of injury, at the early age of 28.
He became a taxi driver in Croydon.

</doc>
<doc id="2889929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889929" title="Leadman">
Leadman

A leadman is a Set Decoration department member who is responsible for the props and swing gang and/or the set dressers on a film set. The swing gang does the set dressing and wrapping. Set dressers keep the set in the proper condition by placing and moving elements and props as needed for the story, continuity and to make room for the filming equipment. The leadman takes directions from the set decorator.

</doc>
<doc id="2889934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889934" title="Placodont">
Placodont

Placodonts ("Tablet teeth") were a group of marine reptiles that lived during the Triassic period, becoming extinct at the end of the period. It is believed that they were part of Sauropterygia, the group that includes plesiosaurs. Placodonts were generally between in length, with some of the largest measuring long.
The first specimen was discovered in 1830. They have been found throughout central Europe, North Africa, the Middle East and China.
Palaeobiology.
The earliest forms, like "Placodus", which lived in the early to middle Triassic, resembled barrel-bodied lizards somewhat similar to the marine iguana of today, but larger. But, unlike the marine iguana, which feeds on algae, the placodonts ate molluscs and so their teeth were flat and tough to crush their shells. In the earliest periods, their size was probably enough to keep away the top sea predators of the time: the sharks. However, as time passed, other kinds of carnivorous reptiles began to colonize the seas, such as ichthyosaurs and nothosaurs, and later placodonts developed bony plates on their backs to protect their bodies while feeding. By the Late Triassic, these plates had grown so much that placodonts of the time, such as "Henodus" and "Placochelys", resembled the sea turtles of modern day more than their ancestors without bony plates. Other placodonts, like "Psephoderma", developed plates as well, but in a different articulated manner that resembled the shells of horseshoe crabs and trilobites more than those of sea turtles. All these adaptations can be counted as perfect examples of convergent evolution, as placodonts were not related to any of these animals.
Because of their dense bone and heavy armour plating, these creatures would have been too heavy to float in the ocean and would have used a lot of energy to reach the water surface. For this reason, and because of the type of sediment found accompanying their fossils, it is suggested that they lived in shallow waters and not in deep oceans.
Their diet consisted of marine bivalves, brachiopods, and other invertebrates. They were notable for their large, flat, often protruding teeth, which they used to crush the molluscs and brachiopods that they hunted on the sea bed (another way in which they were similar to walruses). The palate teeth were adapted for this durophagous diet, being extremely thick and large enough to crush thick shell.
Classification.
The clade Helveticosauroidea was previously considered to be a basal superfamily of placodonts with the sole member "Helveticosaurus". However, it is now thought that "Helveticosaurus" was not a placodont but possibly an unusual member of the Archosauromorpha.
References.
Sues, H.-D., 1987: On the skull of Placodus gigas and the relationships of the Placodontia.

</doc>
<doc id="2889940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889940" title="Feliz Navidad (Menudo album)">
Feliz Navidad (Menudo album)

Feliz Navidad ("1982") is Menudo's 12th album, and third Christmas album. This album was originally released in late 1982 with ten tracks, and was reissued a year later in late 1983 with fourteen tracks. Both versions of this album have two different covers, and while the second cover features Ricky Meléndez, Johnny Lozada, Xavier Serbiá, Miguel Cancel, and Charlie Massó, they did not record any new material for this album. These albums were both compilations, featuring songs from past Christmas albums "Felicidades" and "Es Navidad".

</doc>
<doc id="2889955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889955" title="The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place">
The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place

The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place is the third album recorded by post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, released on November 4, 2003 on the Temporary Residence label. It is widely considered to be a concept album.
Overview.
The album continues the patterns of the previous albums, with brooding, ominous melodies building into crashing climaxes. It has received positive reviews from critics, with a rating of 86% – or 'Universal Acclaim' – at review aggregation website Metacritic.
From an interview on "Slice of the Shiny" Munaf said "The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place" was the band's "attempt at love songs".
"Your Hand in Mine" was adapted for inclusion in the "Friday Night Lights" soundtrack, along with other original material written for the movie. The song was shortened from its album length of over eight minutes to just over four, and was embellished with string accompaniment. Parts of the song, especially the dramatic crescendo at 6:18, are used in Reliant Energy's series of radio and television advertisements extolling "The Promise of Power". The song was used on The Weather Channel's Local on the 8s for July and August 2011.
"The Only Moment We Were Alone" was featured in the trailer for the 2008 film "Australia". The song was also featured in the 2009 documentary film "Love the Beast". It is also featured briefly in Michael Moore's film, "".
"First Breath After Coma" was used in a 2009 promo for sports television channels Versus, the Big Ten Network, an Under Armour commercial, commercials for Bing, and in the outro of Toy Machine's "Good and Evil" skateboard video. It was also used by director Shawn Levy, in the movie "Real Steel" to make Dakota Goyo cry.
The vinyl version of the album features etchings of birds on side D.

</doc>
<doc id="2889959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889959" title="Neptune Rowing Club">
Neptune Rowing Club

Neptune Rowing Club, founded in 1908, is located on the River Liffey at Islandbridge, Dublin. It is one of the largest clubs in Ireland and is one of only two clubs in Dublin which is not affiliated to an institution. 
Neptune has a strong history in competitive rowing. It has accumulated more National Championship titles than any other Irish club with 150 titles since 1914, and winning a number of Henley Regatta events. The club currently has a very large and active group of members competing at all levels, from novices to top internationals.
Championship victories.
All these are Neptune Irish Championships Titles

</doc>
<doc id="2889963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889963" title="Mahmud Shaltut">
Mahmud Shaltut

Sheikh Mahmoud Shaltut (23 April 1893 - 13 December 1963) was a prominent Egyptian Sunni religious scholar and Islamic theologian best known for his work in Islamic reform. A disciple of Mohammad Abduh’s school of thought, Shaltut rose to prominence as Grand Imam of Al-Azhar during the Nasser years from 1958 until his death in 1963.
Early life.
Born in Buhayra, a province in Lower Egypt, Sheikh Shaltut left his small village, Binyat Bani Mansur, in 1906 at age thirteen and enrolled in Ma’hd dini of Alexandria- a newly established Azhar- affiliated religious institute. Upon completion of his studies in 1918, Shaltut received his Alameya Degree (Azhar equivalent to the BA) and began teaching at the same institute in 1919. At age thirty four, he was called upon to lecture at the Higher Division of al-Azhar and subsequently transferred to Cairo in 1927.
Time at Al-Azhar.
 In 1929 Sheikh Mohammad Moustafa al-Maraghi was chosen as rector of al-Azhar University. Al-Maraghi began creating his own reform program and was firmly supported by Shaltut whom, several years prior to his transfer to al-Azhar, created reform ideas of his own concerning al-Azhar. Shaltut’s reforms were ones specifically geared toward separating the religious institution from the state. However, not everyone was keen on change and it was al-Maraghi’s bold ideas that quickly brought him down. After a brief one-year posting, Sheikh al-Maraghi resigned as grand imam of al-Azhar and in his place came Sheikh Mohammad al-Ahmadi al-Zawahiri. Unlike al-Maraghi, who Shaltut viewed as being a proactive leader and reformer, Sheikh al-Zawahiri was perceived by Shaltut as being reactionary. Shaltut himself was a modernist disciple of Muhammad Abduh and Muhammad Rashid Rida and their influences on him are clearly discernible in his writings, actions, and ideas. Thus, it was inevitable Shaltut would harbor resistance against al-Zawahiri’s passive policies, and therefore, he was consequently dismissed from al-Azhar in September 1931 along with others in what can be conceived as a general purge of those associated with al-Maraghi’s reform faction. Shaltut spent his time spent away from al-Azhar working as a lawyer in the Shari’a courts. It was not until al-Maraghi’s second appointment in 1935 that Shaltut would return to al-Azhar.
 During al-Maraghi’s second post at the helm of al-Azhar, which lasted ten years until 1945, Shaltut became Wakil (Vice Dean) of the Kulliyat al Shari’a, and in 1937 he attended the Deuxieme Congrès International de Droit Compare conference at The Hague where he was one of only three scholars selected to represent al-Azhar. His speech regarding the civil and criminal liability in Islamic law impressed those within al-Azhar circles and thus served to increase his status within the institute. Later in 1939, Shaltut was appointed as inspector of religious studies and went on to become a member of the Arabic Language Academy in Cairo as elected in 1946. Shaltut’s rise to prominence continued and in November 1957, he was selected as Vice-Rector and less than one year later, Shaltut was finally given the highest honor and made Sheikh al-Azhar by President Gamal Abdel Nasser in October 1958. Previously, al-Azhar scholars were granted the power to elect the grand imam, but in 1961, after nationalizing the religious institution, Abdel Nasser issued a new al-Azhar Law, limiting the power of the al-Azhar imams and giving the government power to appoint the grand imam. By deepening the ties between the regime and the institution, this allowed the post-1952 revolutionary government of Abdel Nasser to work to integrate education into a unified system and find an ally in Shaltut who would strive for modernization of curricula and a broader public-service function- at home and abroad- for al-Azhar.
As Sheikh al-Azhar: Beliefs, Ideas, and Reforms.
 Shortly after assuming his position as Sheikh al-Azhar, Shaltut’s announced his vision for reform. Shaltut attempted to prove that shari’a law was not an obstacle to modern society, but rather a guide through the changes modern society brings with it. He was fervently determined to see al-Azhar achieve greater independence from the state’s control and worked toward getting the National Assembly to pass declarations such as the Reform Law, which they did in 1961. The Reform Law was aimed at integrating al-Azhar into the wider field of higher education, improving job opportunities for students, and producing modern scholars knowledgeable in matters of the contemporary world and able to serve the Muslim community. Admiration for Sheikh Shaltut grew rapidly and his unprecedented decision to broadcast regularly for religious sermons and answer questions from those who had doubts or criticism only enhanced his reputation. These broadcasts were later published by the Ministry of National Guidance as Ahadith al-sabah fi’l-Midhya and Yas’aluna (Ask Us). Also, he is noted as being a great orator. His capability to communicate well with the masses garnered him many listeners as he spoke of varying issues regarding contemporary Muslim society such as family law, private property, birth control, and polygamy (which he strongly defended) to name a few. In essence, Sheikh Shaltut believed that the relevance of shari’a law in the modern day was not to be undermined. Also, he viewed his Quranic commentary, or his tafsir, more as practical advice for any literate Muslim rather than a strict scholarly analysis.
Legacy.
Sheikh Shaltut is remembered for encouraging harmonious interactions between the main body of Muslims (Sunni), and Islam's largest sect, the Shi'a. He maintained close relations with prominent Shi’i figures such as Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi and zealously campaigned for open discussion and cooperation between the two branches. Shaltut desperately wanted to overcome misconstructions and avoid quarrels between the two sects. Shaltut even went as far as to issue a fatwa which essentially declared that worship according the Twelver Shi’i doctrine was valid. Although several internal, external, and political complications (i.e., a crisis involving majority Shi’i Persia and majority Sunni Egypt in the summer of 1960) arose regarding this declaration, the fatwa is still seen as a symbol of hope for those aspiring for a reconciliation between the two branches. 
 Sheikh Shaltut strove to portray Islam to the world as a religion of unity, flexibility, and moderation. He furiously condemned sectarianism, saint worship, and miracles while promoting tolerance and reason among the Islamic population. Moreover, Shaltut had no concerns accepting socialism and had great pride in his Egyptian nationality while at the same time supporting Arabism. Nevertheless, as any prominent figure would, Shaltut (and the overall ulama at the time) had his dissenters. A post-1960s Arab world was essentially one in which there was a crisis of religious leadership. Shaltut's attempts to reengage the ulama into people's broad culture fell on deaf ears as he was seen as peripheral to the state- a man set in place to satisfy the regime rather than serve the religion. Regardless, he is viewed as many to this day as a great reformer who attempted to advance Islam during a troublesome time in the Islamic world.
Major Works.
A. Tafsir al-Kuran al-Karim: al-Adjza al-Ashara al-Ula (1959)
B. Jihad al-kital fi‘l-islam (1948; translated into English by R. Peters in 1977 as Jihad in Mediaeval and Modern Islam)
C. al-Islam, Akida wa-Shari’a (1959)
D. al-Fatiwa, Dirasa li Mushkilat al-Muslim al-mu asir fi Hayatihi al-Yawmiyya al-Amma (1964)

</doc>
<doc id="2889977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889977" title="Z22 (handheld)">
Z22 (handheld)

The Z22 was one of the first of Palm, Inc.'s handhelds to be released under the new "Palm" brand, and the first to be released without the "Zire" moniker. Released on October 12, 2005, it replaced the monochrome Zire 21, and was priced at $99 USD. The Palm Z22 came with Palm OS Garnet 5.4.9 preloaded and it is not upgradable. It featured a 200 MHz Samsung S3C2410 ARM processor developed around the 32-bit ARM920T core that implements the ARMv4T architecture. The Z22 ran on a li-ion battery that had a life of about 8 hours depending on usage.
Overview.
Designed to be attractive to first-time users, the Palm Z22 included many of the basic applications made famous by the iconic Palm family of handheld PDAs. Positioned as an entry level PDA and priced below the $100 price mark it lacked pricy extras such as: a camera, an MP3 player, an expansion SD memory slot, etc.
It included a wall charger and a USB cable to trickle-charge through the USB interface when connected to a PC (so the wall-socket charger can be left at home). The Non-Volatile File System (NVFS), also known as NVRAM, ensured that data was never lost even if the battery was fully discharged.
Software.
The Z22 can run most of the basic programs included in previous Palm PDAs including:
The Z22 came with a program called Addit which allowed users to order software while offline, and then have it sent to the handheld at the next hotsync. In addition, Addit included several mini-programs within itself including
Interface.
In addition to touchscreen interface, there are physical and silkscreen buttons that can be used to activate programs or functions. On the silkscreen there are eight buttons: four large icons and four on the edges of the silkscreen writing area. With the factory default settings the large icons activate the following functions: "home" (House Icon) takes the user to the home applications menu, "menu" (pulldown icon) activates the pulldown menu, HotSync (the two arrows icon) connected the computer and the Palm Pilot and syncs information between the two, "find" (magnifying glass icon) brings up a search dialogue which allows the user to search all files on the handheld. The four smaller buttons are at each corner of the writing area and have the following default functions: Clock (clock icon) brings up the Date and Time briefly, then reverts to the current program, Contrast (Circle icon: half black, half white) allows the user to adjust the contrast and brightness of the display, Keyboard (ABC Icon) brings up an on-screen keyboard that allowed the user to "type" using the stylus, Number Board (123 icon) brings up the keypad on-screen keyboard which is used in much the same way as the letters keyboard.
Additional Hardware.
The Z22 accepts input from numerous IR devices including other Palm handhelds, some cell phones and a keyboard made by palm for IR devices. This device was called a Palm Universal Wireless Keyboard.
The IR interface can also be used to HotSync instead of using the USB cable. In addition to HotSync the Palm also has a standard IR interface command called ‘Beam’. This command is used to send files to another IR enabled device. The ‘Beam’ function uses default IR protocols. The Palm can receive non-standard files using the IR beam method; e.g. files that cannot be transferred by using the HotSync method.
Software with desktop computer.
The provided software allowed synchronization up to the 32 bit version of Windows Vista.

</doc>
