<doc id="2904839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904839" title="Baztan, Navarre">
Baztan, Navarre

Baztan is a municipality from the Chartered Community of Navarre, northern Spain. It is located from Pamplona, the capital of Navarre. It is the largest municipality in Navarre, with around 376.8 km2 and just over 8,000 inhabitants.
Settlements.
The capital of the valley is Elizondo, and includes other 14 villages, as follows: 
Geography.
The territory of the Baztan valley extends over an area of 377 square km of which much is common land jointly owned by the residents of the Baztan valley and primarily used as grazing ground for flocks of sheep and herds of semi-wild horses. The Baztan Valley borders with the French Basque regions of Lapurdi and Lower Navarre which is accessed by the Izpegi Pass to the east of the valley and Dantxarinea to the north. This vicinity to France and its ties with its Basque neighbours has greatly characterised the history of the Baztan people over the past centuries. In 2013 there were 7974 people living in the Baztan Valley with 3489 people living in the capital of Elizondo. The remaining population are spread out between the other 14 mountain villages (see above).
The Baztan Valley is scarcely populated with small-scale pastoral farming making use of the verdant pastures along the banks of the Baztan river. Orchards of apple, quince, cherry, pear and peach trees are common and more recently kiwis have been planted in the area. The mountain slopes are densely covered with oak, chestnut, walnut, beech, and ash. The odd palm tree can sometimes be found in the grounds of the larger manor houses in the area and often belies family links to the Americas where many Baztan people have emigrated since the 16th century.
History of Baztan.
The Baztan Viscounty (1025-1235).
In about 1025, the duke of Gascony Sancho VI William, who was the son of Duke William II Sánchez and Urraca Garcés of Navarre (widow of Count Fernán González of Castile), assigned part of the territories of the duchy of Gascony under the suzerainty of King Sancho III of Navarre. Following this, Sancho III of Navarre created a Lordship for Ximen I Ochoaniz, which comprised the surroundings of the Baztan Valley. His son Garcia Xemeniz became a Viscount between 1055 to 1065, and his grandson Ximen I Garciez, who was the Lord of Lizarra and the valley of Salazar between 1051 and 1080, donated lands and properties to the Monastery of Leire, in exchange of pardon for assassinating his nephew.
When the King of Navarre, Sancho IV of Navarre was assassinated by his siblings in 1076, they colluded with the Bishops of Bayonne. This alignment with Bayonne rather than Pamplona was possibly due to the new political support to the de Haro family, Lords of Biscay, recognized and protected by the Kingdom of Castile after 1076, and the absorption and partitioning in his own benefit of Navarrese territories by King Alfonso V of Castile, grandson of King Sancho III of Navarre.
In the meantime, the Kings of Navarre had been King Ramiro I of Aragon and Navarre, who was the Sancho III of Navarre's son (deceased in 1065), and his successor the King Sancho Ramirez, known as Sancho V of Navarre and Aragon.
These two Navarrese-Aragonese kings ruled on thinly populated Aragonese territories with much less military strength than the powerful King of Castile, Alfonso VI of Castile, (1040–1109), a nephew of bastard born King Ramiro I of Aragon and supposed ruler of Navarre, too, on the 1076 assassination by his brothers/sisters of Sancho IV of Navarre, whose territory was thereafter punished, occupied and somehow divided or shared .
At these times, Viscount of Baztan area Ximen II got a daughter, Viscountess Maria Ximenes who married in 1085, Fortun Enneconis, de Los Cameros, a former, (10th century), navarrese territory now close to the Kings of Castile and located in La Rioja, South of the river Ebro, at the South-East of Logroño City.
Maria Ximenes got two sons, Ximen III Fortunez, Viscount of Baztan in 1119, no issue, and Pedro I Fortunez, the following Viscount. A son of the later Viscount Pedro II Pedriz of Baztan married towards 1110 and got three sons: Sancho Pedriz de Baztan, Pedro Pedriz de Baztan and Ximen Pedriz de Baztan, assassinated circa 1150 by a "French" neighbour but revenged by his cousin, a "Gramont" family female, these Gramont's becoming later a very famous and brilliant "French Basque outstanding family name", who punished the assassin by blinding him while detained.
At those times, titular king of Navarre, and Aragon, was Sancho V Ramirez son by his first marriage, Peter I of Navarre and Aragon, but then, deceased in 1104, the next King was his son by a second marriage with a French Nordic woman aristocrat, Félicia de Roucy, a.k.a. Felicia de Ramerupt - Roucy, a.k. a. Felicia de Urgel, (Barbastro, circa 1050 - Barcelona, 1094), Alfonso I of Aragon and Navarre, deceased without issue in 1134. This Alfonso I of Aragon-Navarre describes himself as King of the Baztan area in 1132, besides, Alava, Navarra, Sobrarbe, Ribagorza, and Aragon, after besieging and conquering Bayonne with the military help, between others of Baztanese people, and who had helped him to conquer from the Moors the important town of Zaragoza in 1118.
The reasons for the military campaign of Alfonso I on what is now France, between October 1130 eand the beginnings of 1131 was to pay protective military duty as suzerain of some of his Lord vassals from the other side of the Pyrenees, Gaston IV of Béarn "The Crusader", (viscount 1090 - 1131), fighting then against the Moors in Teruel with Knights of the Order of the Temple, Count Roger III of Foix, ( - Count 1124 - 1147/8), and Count Bernard I of Comminges, later a Knight of the Order of the Temple, as required and obliged by the mutual pacts of protection.
Because the now named French Basques, (then "Gascons"), were unsatisfied with their overlord Duke William X of Aquitaine, (1099 – Successor to the Duchy 1126 - assassinated in Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 9 April 1137) he besieged Bayonne, too, for nearly one year, 1131, and conquered it giving some privileges to the Gascons also. The will of Alfonso I, 1134, giving all his territories to the Knights of the Order of the Temple and of the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem was however disputed both by the Roman Popes and the Navarrese and Aragonese Lords.
Then, Navarrese nobility decided to split apart recognizing as a new King of Navarre, a bastard offspring descent of former Kings, named Garcia IV Ramirez "El Restaurador", deceased 1150. It was through his mother that new king Garcia IV Ramirez of Navarre, got the genes of famous Epic Knight and mercenary warrior El Cid Campeador, deceased in July 1099 as conqueror of the town of Valencia.
Apparently, this splitting from Aragon when Alfonso I died in 1134 was punished by the Roman Popes and the other Christian Kings of the regions now described as Spain by describing Garcia IV Ramirez as "Dux Navarrorum" only, existing agreements between the King Consort of Aragon, Count Ramon Berenguer IV of Barcelona, and the King of Castile Alfonso VII on conquering and dividing together Navarre on his death in 1150.
The incoming storm was conjured by the 17-year-old King of Navarre, Sancho VI Garcés "The Wise", (1133? - 1194), whose sister, Duchess or Princess Blanca Garcés of Navarre, deceased 1156, married in 1151 to the new King of Castile, but no King of León as till then, Sancho III of Castile, (1134 - King of Nájera 1149 - August 1158, aged 23, two years after his young Navarrese wife).
The situation became then very delicate indeed. There was only a little Castilian - Navarrese Prince alive, later Alfonso VIII of Castile, with an uncle, king Ferdinand II of León, slightly younger than his deceased father, Castilian deceased king Sancho III and Navarrese deceased mother, Princess or Duchess Blanca. Will uncle Fernando, king of Leon, be seeking some sort of "unfortunate death or poisoning" of his nephew, a very young child orphaned, tutored, and plausible king Alfonso VIII?.
Alfonso VIII grand father Garcia IV, on his mother side, the father of young King or Dux Sancho VI of Navarre and of Princess or Duchess Blanca, had married Marguerite de l'Aigle, the daughter of one of the Norman crusaders fighting in Spain against the Moors in Calahorra, Tarazona, Tudela and Logroño.
Aigle is Eagle in Norman French, therefore one black eagle, reivindicated now ignoring the reasons by Basque nationalists for a few years in the 20th century, became customary in the Navarrese and Sicilian Royal Coats of Arma, since the sister of king Sancho VI, and Blanca, Margaret of Navarre, deceased 1183, married William I "The Bad" or "The Wicked" of (Norman) Sicily, with bastard royal Castilian blood on his mother side, being the mother of William II of Sicily, (1155 - king of Sicily 1166 - 1189).
The conquest of Lisbon, Portugal, by international crusaders in October 1147 meant the consolidation of Atlantic - Mediterranean trade, and the setting up of seafaring connections between the regions above Normandy, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Flanders, and Denmark with the Crusaders conquests since 1099 in Palestine. Equilibrium and loyalty were necessary for it in the Iberian Peninsula. The Great Protector of baby king of Castile would be then an ambitious, hard headed and violent descent of the Counts of Anjou, nonetheless than Henry II of England, called Curtmantle, (1133–1189), who ruled as King of England (1154–1189), Count of Anjou, Duke of Normandy, Duke of Aquitaine, Duke of Gascony, Count of Nantes, Lord of Ireland and, at various times, controlled parts of Wales, Scotland and western France.
Suddenly, in the 1150s, sleepy fishing towns of the Gulf of Biscay, between Bordeaux and Vigo, namely between the Duchy of Normandy in the North of France and in front of England, and the new Iberian Kingdom of Portugal, became valuable spots for trade, including what is described today as the Basque Country. Iron smelting for tools, nails and weapons, woolens for no getting too wet and fighting the cold nights, gold, silver, glass, salt, leather wares, were fundamental goods.
Near it all there was a rather dull and undistinguished member of the nobility, perhaps more cunny than anyone ever thought, the son of a rather obscure Spanish Crusader in Palestine, described today as Garcia IV Ramirez of Navarra, "El Restaurador", king since 1134, deceased 1150. 
His grandson Sancho VII of Navarre, (deceased 1234, buried at Roncesvalles ), would be the brother in law of the King of England, Richard the Lionheart, killed by an arrow besieging one of his unruly vassals in France, in 1199, through his sister Berengaria of Navarre, deceased at Le Mans, France, in 1229.
From 1235 onwards, the Count of Champagne, Theobald I de Champagne-Navarre, "The Poet" ot "The Troubadour", will achieve the feat of being King of Navarre, thanks to his mother, Princess Blanca Sánchez of Navarre, Blanche of Navarre, deceased 1229, the widower regent in charge for 21 years, after May 24, 1201, 1201–1222, of her former deceased husband seven powerful castles menacingly surrounding the Paris Capet royal territories: Épernay, Vertus, Sézanne, Chantemerle, Pont-sur-Seine, Nogent-sur-Seine and Méry-sur-Seine, in spite of her "succession as Countess of Champagne" being contested by Theobald's nieces, Alice and Philippa.
The Navarrese born Countess of Champagne, Blanche, had been married to the would be Crusader, fourth Crusade, Theobald III of Champagne, and was the youngest sister of king Sancho VII, who had died without "appropriate" legal descents in 1234.
5 years after her death, her 33-year-old son, Count Theobald IV of Champagne, would become Inheriting King Theobald I of Navarre, ruling there for the next 20 years, organizing meantime, 1239, a costly Crusade to Palestine, too, the same than his father, Count Theobald III of Champagne had triggered in 1201 before he was taken by death .
The Navarra Kingdom under the new Champagne Counts dynasty, (1235 - 1305).
Theobald I of Navarre, Theobald IV of Champagne, (Born as an orphan at Troyes, France, 1201 - Pamplona, 1254) married 3 times, the first marriage being dissolved after two years only and having no issue. On his second marriage with Agnes of Beaujeu in 1222, the only daughter from the issue, was called also as other women ancestors, Blanche de Navarre, (1226–1283). She eventually married seafaring John I, Duke of Brittany, being thus the mother of John II (in Breton Yann II, in French Jean II de Dreux) (1239 – November 18, 1305), who was Duke of Brittany and Earl of Richmond, from 1286 to his death.
Another 2 daughters of Theobald I of Navarre third marriage with Margaret of Bourbon, Queen of Navarre, 1253 - 1256 as Queen regent, daughter of a sire of the Bourbonnais, not yet Dukes, military mercenaries Condottiere's or Kings much later in European History were:
a) The so-called Margaret of Navarre, as other women ancestors, who in 1255 married Frederick III, Duke of Lorraine (1238–1303), being thus the mother, between others, of Theobald II, Duke of Lorraine (1263–1312), his successor in Lorraine.
b) Beatrice of Navarre, Duchess of Burgundy, (1242–1295), married in 1258 with Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy (1212–1272).
One of the brothers of these two, reaching maturity at age 18, 1256, was the next king, Theobald II of Navarre, (c. 1238 – December 4, 1270), married in 1255 at Melun, France, to Isabelle of France, (2 March 1241 - married 6 April 1255 - 17 April 1271).
This Queen Consort of Navarre, Isabelle de France, was the daughter of Marguerite of Provence, (1221–1295), and King Louis IX of France, (1214–1270), the son of Louis VIII of France and Queen Regent of France, Blanche Of Castile.
When Theobald II died childless, aged 32, in Trapani, Sicily, just three months before Isabelle of France, he had participated in the Eighth Crusade to Tunis, North Africa, against the supposed Hafsid first Khalif of Tunis, Muhammad I al-Mustansir, (???? - 1277), a former vassal of king Manfred of Sicily, (1232 - King of Sicily August 1258 - Battle of Benevento, on February 26, 1266).
Isabelle of France, The Queen Consort of Navarre, was only 30 when she died, strangely enough, and then, the Navarrese crown passed to Theobald II youngest brother, king Henry I the "Fat"(c. 1244 – 22 July 1274), Count Henry III of Champagne. He only lived till the age of 30 diying of what could be described today as an infarct, ruling thus only for some 3 years.
The Navarre kingdom coveted by the opportunist Capet of France kings dynasty, (1274 - 1305 - 1327).
The succession problem and the Fuero Mejorado de Navarra chart of privileges, year 1327
The Capet sub branch of the Évreux in Navarre as Kings of Navarre, (1348 - 1446).
The titular Kings and the titular Queens of Navarre
15 years old Joanna II of Navarre, born 1312, bypassed twice in her succession to the throne of Navarre by her two Capet uncles, Kings of Navarre and France, named differently depending on the mentioned country, Navarre or France, married Count Philip d' Évreux, King Consort known as Philip III of Navarre, killed in a Spanish-International Crusade over the Andalusian maritime town of Algeciras in 1343. She died in 1349, aged 37 only.
France and Navarre had been and were "de facto" two independent Kingdoms being recognized both of them as sovereigns. The acceptance of Queen Joan II by the Navarrese was a wise move in view of the claims of the Counts of Anjou and later Kings of England to succeed, on the same type of grounds and reasons, to the French throne, the seed of the Hundred Years War .
The eldest son of Philippe d'Évreux and Queen Joanna II was Charles II of Navarre, "The Bad", (1332–1387), who ruled for about 38 years and who brought a lot of trouble with his in-laws, the new Royal family of the Valois, his father in law John II of France, (1316–1364), and his brother in law Charles V of France, (1338–1380).
His inheritor was King Charles III of Navarre, "The Noble", deceased 1425, who ruled also for about 38 years, and protected all the baztanese land proprietors, his daughter being the next (third) rightful Queen Blanche I of Navarre, who ruled between 1425 and 1441, some 16 years, having been also a consort ruler in Sicily previously.
Some delicate, obscure, points about the Baztan area during the 16th to 18th centuries.
Baztan was transferred as a Catholic circumscription associated to the Bishopric of Bayonne, then at the Duchy of Aquitania since the 13th century to the Archbishopric of Pamplona only in 1568. Since at that time Lower Navarre was run by Calvinist, Huguenot, Queen Joanna III of Navarre, (1528 - Queen regnant of Navarre 1555, aged 27 – 1572, aged 44), first from Pau and later from La Rochelle seafaring town, and her Consort had been the Huguenot Antoine de Bourbon, duc de Vendôme (1518 – from woundings at the siege of Rouen, 1562) and since Spanish Admiral Pedro Menéndez de Avilés had sternly killed in 1565 the Huguenot colonists of Fort Caroline, a.k.a. Fort Matanzas, now near Jacksonville, in Spanish Florida, did King Philip II of Spain, then legal King of Upper Navarre, ask either to Roman Pope Pius IV, (1499 - Pope 1559 - 1565) or to Roman Pope Pius V, (1504 - Pope 1562 - 1572) to do anything about this administrative move?.
Has the word Agote, some sort of highly socially discriminated people over several centuries also living in Baztan, anything to see with the actual French word Huguenot?
Some distinguished people from the Navarrese Baztan area, a tentative biographical data base.
Family lands property being inherited by the eldest surviving male only provided cadet able bodied women/men for marriage, the service of the Catholic Church, if providing adequate moneys in the case of nuns wishing to spend the rest of their lives leading a contemplative life, expansion of Christianity trying to teach indigenous and/or enslaved people, (blacks and defeated in battle Muslims for instance) and also having access to University colleges, mainly at Zaragoza, Valladolid and Salamanca, learning Law and Civil Administration befitting Service to the Empire and/or serving in the Imperial Army/Navy with the status of free men, ("hidalgos"), some sort of social class equivalent to the rural born Squires in England.
Thus, while the past/actual rural "Basques" remained toiling their family lands and their cattle, the rest of their extended family had to make a living assisted by the administrative needs of the Spanish Crown over many millions of Square Kilometers spanning over Europe, the Pacific Ocean Islands and America. Broadly speaking, there were no jobs for them over there.
No racial superiority whatsoever must be admitted therefore valuating these people, obliged to leave their houses to let perpetuate within the mountains the small properties held exclusively by the eldest male brothers toiling their rather modest properties but rather, instead, recording here their privileged possibility of being useful while making a living abroad, be it at the Court, or at Church, thanks to the special characteristics of the vast Spanish Empire needs to be run and administrated instead.
Some distinguished families and personages from Baztan who play significant roles in Navarrese and Spanish history are in a chronological manner:
Priests and women took in many parts of Spain the mother family name rather than the male side family name, a "de Jaso", for Saint Francis Xavier father, a very important name, too, in the harassed Lower Navarre Court and within the "Agramonts" power party, but even so, Jesuit Francis Xavier moved afterwards in Europe, India and China close to the Portuguese Crown rather than the Court of Spain as did those keen with the "Beaumonts" power party and one of his main representatives in Upper Navarre and in Pamplona, the founder of the Jesuits, Ignacio de Loyola.
It is most curious what Queen regnant of Navarre Catherine, then aged 26, had to learn in 1495 about the death of her mother, Magdalene of Valois, (Tours, 1443 - a widow in 1470, aged 27 - Pamplona, January 1495, while being a hostage to king Fernando II of Aragon, "El Catolico", a step brother of Queen regnant Eleanor), the sister of King Louis XI of France, (1423–1483) .
After 1512, with Upper Navarre incorporated to the rest of what is now Spain, Basque people help mediating in such event, too, Queen Catherine would rule only in the little area known as Lower Navarre . In due time and with opportunisms dictated by dire needs and will of power amidst poverty, the by then called Bourbon family would manage to become "Royals", first in France, then in Spain, and later in some Italian territories during the period 1572 - 1793, broadly speaking in France and even till now in other European countries, Spain for instance.
The IV Marquis second marriage was in Granada, 14 July 1774, to Angela Clara de Pineda y Ramirez de Maldonado, a daughter of a very important lawyer formerly working at the actual Guatemala, Central Americas. Thus, the V Marquiss of Iturbieta, Miguel Francisco de Arizcun y Pineda was born in Pamplona, in May 1775.
This Pineda family, from the High Court of Law of Granada, grafted with the Arizcun, has plenty to see with the heroine Mariana de Pineda y Muñoz, generally known as Mariana Pineda, ( 1804 – executed May 26, 1831, aged 27) described by famous Spanish play wrighter and poet Federico García Lorca, assassinated August 1936.
He married Isabel Maria de la Cruz Ahedo, born in Maracaibo, now the second largest city of Venezuela. He is the brother of Juan Tomás de Goyeneche e Irigoyen, (1681–1721), both, nephews of Don Juan, the cadet brother of their father Andrés de Goyeche y Gastón, the inheritor, being the eldest male, of all the properties from Baztan.
Curiously enough, there is a Welsh British General in Wikipedia, Harry Prendergast, (1831–1913) who received the highest military British medal, the Victoria Cross in 1860, for galantry while in combat, in India and Burma. This is a not very common Welsh family name, too.
Therefore, daughter Ana Maria Prendergast got these titles PLUS the titles of Countess de la Cimera and Countess of Goyeneche as well, some 7 nobility titles. There were two daughters, Elena, who had married Don Matías de Oñate y Lopez and thus, a part of the titles, Countess of Saceda, went again for the successors, now as a part of the Oñate family, and Ana Maria, who was then Marchioness of Ugena.
There is a mythic "Gaston de Belzunce" or Gaston de Belsunce in the Basque histories, reputed to have been driven off, but dying as a result of the battle: of a 3, others say 7, headed hydra at Larramendi, Gipuzkoa.
Other parts of the four cartels coat of arms are two red cows, cows en gueules, because of family connections with the nearest Viscounty of Béarn, now part of France.
Goyeneche ancestors of several places can be consulted at the goyeneche family website.
Jáuregui was Governor of Chile since March 1773 under king Carlos III of Spain and later Viceroy of Peru, (1780–1784). Under his spell of power in Peru, Indian Jose Gabriel Condercanqui, a.k.a. Tupac Amaru II, (1742–1781, aged 39), was defeated by Jauregui envoy, Jose del Valle y Torres. Tupac Amaru II, his wife and other Indian leaders being then executed. There was also the 1780-1781 rebellion of the Catari tribes in High Peru, now very extensive territories of the actual Republic of Bolivia.
Viceroy of Peru Agustín de Jáuregui was substituted a few days before diying by the new Viceroy, Teodoro de Croix, (Viceroy of Peru, 1784–1790).
He was Governor interim of Yucatán Province, now in Mexico accommodating the road to the actual Guatemala, linking thus the Atlantic Ocean with the Pacific Ocean to improve trade and communications, doing military interventions on what has been described as the fall of the last significant independent Maya stronghold, Tayasal, located on an island in Lake Petén Itzá in the northern Petén Basin region, North of present-day Guatemala.
Although, apparently, he had been nominated in 1704 to travel to the Philippine Islands he only went there in 1709, replacing thus the former Governor of Philippines, Domingo de Zabalburu de Echeverri, who ruled 8 Sep 1701-25 August 1709).
From 25 August 1709 to the day of his death, 4 February 1715, he was Governor of Philippines, being substituted by José de Torralba who ruled till 9 August 1717. He was married to Juana Rosa Bollio y Ojeda, born at the now Mexican town of Mérida, Yucatán, daughter of a Spanish Army Captain born at Genoa, Italy. As a widow, Juana Rosa went back to Mexico, probably with the yearly Manila Galleon, a some 13,000 km. trip, marrying on 23 September 1723, powerful lawyer and political adviser Francisco de Barbadillo y Victoria, (????, Ezcaray, La Rioja, Spain- Mexico city ?, 29 December 1724).
The title seems to have been inherited by one of his brothers, and then by a cousin woman family named Irissarry.
Architecture.
The large detached farmhouses which characterise the Baztan valley are built in typical Basque style with solid wooden frames and eaves and wooden balconies often decorated with geraniums. Distinctive pink sandstone is hewn from the quarries in the Baztan valley and blocks of it are used to outline the windows, doors and corners of the houses giving them a very distinctive quality. The Baztan style of architecture is strictly protected by numerous building regulations so that modern buildings in the area blend in harmoniously with the local Basque design.
One of the oldest (although lesser publicised) routes of the Camino de Santiago (Way of St. James) crosses the Baztan valley and runs along much of the valley floor through the villages of Urdax, Amaiur, Arizkun, Elizondo and Ziga and means that some structures in the area date back as far as the 10th century – with specific mention of the Monastery and Pilgrims Hospital in Urdax. However, the majority of the buildings in the area date back to the 17th and 18th centuries when there was a population explosion as many families, having made money in the Americas, returned home. Their new-found wealth was ploughed back into the local community giving rise to opulent churches, with specific reference to the impressive 17th century Herrerian-styled church in Ziga and into the huge manor houses, easily discerned by their four-way sloping roofs, intricately carved eaves and elaborate coats of arms.
Economy.
Traditionally the Baztan Valley is made up of many small family farming units dedicated to pastoral farming and the raising of pigs, sheep and cows; the last two being raised for both their meat and milk. Small dairies in the area produce yoghurts and cheeses and the sheep’s cheese of the area (a local version of the Domination of Origin Idiazabal cheese). Small-scaled enterprises in the Baztan Valley also produce chocolates, cakes, jams, cuts of meat, liqueurs and cider and there are several small saw mills and stone quarries. Given the natural resources of wood, stone and marble that are found in the valley, construction has also been a relatively large employer and traditionally much business has always been done with their French Basque neighbours over the border. Since around the year 2000 the gradual decline in farming activities has been replaced by small-scale rural tourism and many traditional farmhouses have been restored to make impressive rental properties and bed and breakfasts. There is a range of tourist services, including documented and sign-posted walks and the villages offer ethnographical museums and artists’ ateliers, watermills, equestrian centres and outdoor sports companies. The Baztan valley is well-known throughout Spain although international tourism is only just starting to arrive.
Culture.
The culture of the Baztan valley is quintessentially Basque and Euskera is still the main language spoken at home. The majority of the Baztan children are schooled in Basque at local "Ikastolas" although the larger schools do offer the opportunity to be schooled in Spanish. In many of the "Ikastolas" Spanish is taught as a second language as well as English, which is sometimes allocated more teaching hours than Spanish. There are no universities in the Baztan valley and so many young students leave to study further afield in the larger cities of Pamplona or San Sebastian although their links with the valley remain strong with many young people seeking to return to the valley to settle down at a later age. In 2013 there were 473 more people living in the Baztan valley than in 2001. Each village has its own traditional fiestas and carnivals, many of them dating back to pagan times. These village fiestas and festivals still find a devoted following among the Baztan people where there is a strong sense of identity and a deep-seated loyalty for their Basque language and cultural roots. A clear example of this is the Sagar Dantza (apple dance) in Arizkun which is enacted each Shrove Tuesday.
In 2012 Iñaki Elizalde launched his film `Baztan' at the San Sebastian Film Festival. The film was about the Agotes; a mysterious people of pariah status who lived in the hamlet of Bozate, near Arizkun. 
In 2013 Dolores Redondo published the first of her crime fiction books of The Baztan Trilogy which were translated into over 20 languages. The stories are situated in the Baztan Valley.
External links.
Out of some 300 people whose names have been recorded, males, females, girls and boys, there were some 12 comdened to the fire, mainly women. There is now a Museum of Witchcraft to remember this famous Court case, carried out at Logroño, Rioja, Spain. Night celebrations seem to be on August 18.

</doc>
<doc id="2904840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904840" title="Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki">
Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki

The Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki (Bourbaki Seminar) is a series of seminars (in fact public lectures with printed notes distributed) that has been held in Paris since 1948. It is one of the major institutions of contemporary mathematics, and a barometer of mathematical achievement, fashion, and reputation. It is named after Nicolas Bourbaki, a group of French and other mathematicians of variable membership.
The Poincaré Seminars are a series of talks on physics inspired by the Bourbaki seminars on mathematics.
1949/50 series.
For later years see 
Publishers.
The proceedings of the Séminaire have been published by four different publishers over the years. 1948/49 through 1964/65 were published as Textes des conférences / Séminaire Bourbaki by the Secrétariat Mathématique, Université Paris. In 1966, W. A. Benjamin, Inc. issued a special twelve-volume facsimile reproduction of the Séminaire Bourbaki, 1948-1965. W. A. Benjamin, Inc. continued to publish the proceedings for three more years, 1965/66 through 1967/68. Springer-Verlag published 1968/69 through 1980/81 as part of its Lecture Notes in Mathematics series. 1981/82 to date are published by the Société Mathématique de France as part of Astérisque.

</doc>
<doc id="2904845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904845" title="Cajuput oil">
Cajuput oil

Cajeput oil is a volatile oil obtained by distillation from the leaves of the myrtaceous tree "Melaleuca leucadendra" (also called Melaleuca cajeputi), and probably other "Melaleuca" species. The trees yielding the oil are found throughout Maritime Southeast Asia and over the hotter parts of the Australian continent. The majority of the oil is produced on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. The name “cajeput” is derived from its Indonesian name, “"kayu putih"” or "white wood".
The oil is prepared from leaves collected on a hot dry day, macerated in water, and distilled after fermenting for a night. This oil is extremely pungent, and has the odor of a mixture of turpentine and camphor. It consists mainly of cineol (see terpenes), from which cajuputene, having a hyacinth-like odor, can be obtained by distillation with phosphorus pentoxide. The drug is a typical volatile oil, and is used internally in doses of 2 to 3 minims, for the same purposes as, say, clove oil. It is frequently employed externally as a counterirritant. It is an ingredient in some liniments for sore muscles such as Tiger Balm and Indonesian traditional medicine Minyak Telon.
It is also used as an ingredient in inhalants/decongestants and topical pain/inflammation remedies such as Olbas Oil.
Historical note.
In October 1832 while in the port of Manila, the Asiatic or spasmodic cholera suddenly made its appearance on board the USS Peacock (1828). The first case was in a sailor named Peterson, sixty-three years old. The surgeon administered six grains of opium, in three doses; bad symptoms increasing, fifteen drops of cajeput oil were given in brandy and water, and repeated in half an hour. This treatment, however, apparently did not help the patient; Peterson died about eleven hours after being stricken, as did seven others, of "the terrific and appalling effects produced by one of the greatest scourges that ever visited the world".
For fish.
Cajuput is used for the treatment of bacterial or fungal infections in fish. Common brand names containing Cajeput are Melafix and Bettafix. Melafix is a stronger concentration and Bettafix is a lower concentration that makes it harder to overdose smaller fish, especially bettas. It is most commonly used to promote fin and tissue regrowth, but is also effective in treating other conditions, such as fin rot or velvet. The remedy is used mostly on betta fish.

</doc>
<doc id="2904847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904847" title="Beire">
Beire

Beire is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2904848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904848" title="Nuevo Central Argentino">
Nuevo Central Argentino

Nuevo Central Argentino S. A. (usually NCA) is an Argentine company that exploits the operation and infrastructure of the national railway system of the former Ferrocarril General Bartolomé Mitre division of Ferrocarriles Argentinos, by a concession granted on 23 December 1992 as part of railway privatisation carried out during the presidency of Carlos Menem.
NCA operates about 5,000 km of cargo railroad lines in the provinces of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Córdoba, Santiago del Estero and Tucumán. Its headquarters are located in Rosario (province of Santa Fe); its warehouses are located in Rosario, in nearby Villa Gobernador Gálvez, and in Villa María (province of Córdoba). There are also operational centers in Colombres and Córdoba City, and transfer (truck changing?) centers in the city of Tucumán and in Retiro, Buenos Aires.
Nowadays NCA is the most important cargo railroad of Argentina.
History.
By the beginning of the 1990s, the economic situation of State-owned Ferrocarriles Argentinos became critic. Through National Decree N° 520/91 the Government of Argentina created residual company FEMESA to run the urban passenger services in Buenos Aires. Ferrocarriles Argentinos continued operating the freight and passenger interurban services.
On March 10, 1993, A new decree by President Carlos Menem established all the passenger interurban railways ceased their activities. The only way to reactivate the lines would be if the Provincial Governments took over the services.
About the freight services, the Government proceed to tender for the operating of the lines, establishing a fee that consortiums would pay to the Argentine State. Finally, in April 2002 the Government awarded private company Nuevo Central Argentino (NCA), formed by local companies Aceitera General Deheza, Banco Francés del Río de la Plata, Asociación de Cooperativas Argentinas and Román Marítima, the operation and mainteaneance of Ferrocarril Mitre.
NCA began operating on December 23, 1992, run trains through Buenos Aires, Córdoba, Santa Fe, Santiago del Estero and Tucumán provinces, with a total of . The new consortium established its headquarters at Rosario, Santa Fe.
At the moment of the beginning of concession, Ferrocarriles Argentinos only ran the 45% of the system line because of the terrible deterioration of the track or the absence of ballast that did not allow trains to run. The assets received by NCA included 63 diesel locomotives (of those only 23 active) and 5,354 wagons (with only 60% in acceptable condition to run).

</doc>
<doc id="2904850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904850" title="Belascoáin">
Belascoáin

Belascoain is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2904851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904851" title="Caroline Pileggi">
Caroline Pileggi

Caroline Pileggi (born 12 December 1977) is an Australian weightlifter. She competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Pileggi won three medals in the over 75 kg division at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, taking the gold in the snatch event and two silvers in the clean and jerk and overall events.
On 3 June 2004, Pileggi was involved in an incident with two drug testers at a training camp in Sigatoka, Fiji. The testers, working on behalf of the Australian Sports Drug Agency, approached Pileggi while she was training at a gym, after receiving information that she would "would not be very interested in undergoing a drug test". The testers claimed to an Administrative Appeals tribunal in the Federal Court that Pileggi gave them a false name and then attempted to flee, nearly hitting them with her car in the process. Pileggi claimed that the testers did not identify themselves and she had fled in fear as they pursued her. Pileggi's appeal against the charge of refusing a drug test was unsuccessful, and she was excluded from the Australian team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She was also required to pay ASDA's court costs, and faced a two-year ban from weightlifting as mandated by the Australian Weightlifting Federation and international rules.

</doc>
<doc id="2904855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904855" title="Yamato Colony, Florida">
Yamato Colony, Florida

The Yamato Colony was an attempt to create a community of Japanese farmers in what is now Boca Raton, Florida, early in the 20th century. With encouragement from Florida authorities, young Japanese men were recruited to farm in the colony. Because of various difficulties, the colony never grew very large, and gradually declined until it was finally dispersed during World War II.
The Model Land Company was created by Henry Flagler to hold title to the land granted to his Florida East Coast Railway by the State of Florida. The company encouraged the settlement of its land, particularly by recent immigants, to gain money from the sale of the land and to increase business for the railroad. In 1903, the company was referred to Jo Sakai, a Japanese man who had just graduated from New York University. Sakai purchased 1,000 acres (4 km²) from the Model Land Company, and recruited young men from his hometown of Miyazu, Japan, to settle there. Several hundred settlers grew pineapples, which were shipped from the Yamato station on the Florida East Coast Railway. Pineapple blight destroyed the crop in 1908. In addition, the colony could no longer compete with cheaper (and earlier maturing) pineapples from Cuba. As a result, many of the settlers returned to Japan or moved elsewhere in the United States. The remnants of the colony were dispossessed after the entry of the United States into World War II, when their land was taken to create an Army Air Corps training base (now the site of Florida Atlantic University and the Boca Raton Airport). The only member of the Yamato Colony to stay in the area was George Morikami, who continued to farm in neighboring Delray Beach, Florida until the 1970s, when he donated his farmland to Palm Beach County to preserve it as a park, and to honor the memory of the Yamato Colony.
The Yamato Colony is remembered today in Yamato Road, a major street in Boca Raton, and in Morikami Park and the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens. Delray Beach is a Sister City with Miyazu, in honor of George Morikami and the Yamato Colony.

</doc>
<doc id="2904858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904858" title="Bera, Navarre">
Bera, Navarre

Bera is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2904864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904864" title="2005 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season">
2005 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season

The 2005 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 57th F.I.M. Road racing World Championship season.
Season summary.
The 2005 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season began on 10 April at Jerez and closing on 6 November at Valencia. There were seventeen Grands Prix for the MotoGP class, and sixteen for the 250cc and 125cc classes.
The MotoGP championship was won by Valentino Rossi on a Yamaha, 250cc title by Dani Pedrosa on a Honda and 125cc title by Thomas Lüthi on a Honda.
It was a season which featured a lot of dramatic races including 4 rain-affected races in Portugal, China, France and Great Britain. It also saw the domination of Valentino Rossi with 16 podiums out of 17 races and 11 wins, beating Marco Melandri by a distant 147 points in the championship. In the 125cc Thomas Lüthi won the World championship dramatically, when Mika Kallio's team-mate Gábor Talmácsi overtook Kallio at the last corner in Qatar. Kallio would have got five points more, and then points would be 242-242, but Kallio would have won the title with more wins (4-5).
Standings.
Scoring system.
Points are awarded to the top fifteen finishers. Rider has to finish the race to earn points.

</doc>
<doc id="2904866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904866" title="Berbinzana">
Berbinzana

Berbinzana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in northern Spain.
Overview.
Berbinzana is a small village located in Navarre province, in Northern Spain. (Navarre is best known for the town of Pamplona and its "Sanfermines").
Berbinzana is on the banks of the Arga River and surrounded by fertile fields. Agriculture is the primary economic activity. Berbinzana also has a wide variety of plants and animals. Berbinzana has a deeply rooted culture and is faithful to its traditions, where the festivities are celebrated with the traditional red handkerchief.
Nature.
Berbinzana has a fairly typical Mediterranean climate, with warm summers and cold winters. The Arga river tempers this some and provides many wild animals to the area.
Culture.
There are several groups that promote cultural activities. These include "San Isidro", with more than six hundred members, the young society of "La Unión", and the football club "El Injerto".
Events.
A good time to enjoy visiting Berbinzana is during one of its numerous events. Here are some of the main holidays:
The principal activities are the festivals, the running of the bulls, dances, fireworks and other spectacles.

</doc>
<doc id="2904877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904877" title="Shearing interferometer">
Shearing interferometer

The shearing interferometer is an extremely simple means to observe interference and to use this phenomenon to test the collimation of light beams, especially from laser sources which have a coherence length which is usually a lot longer than the thickness of the shear plate (see graphics) so that the basic condition for interference is fulfilled.
Function.
The testing device consists of a high-quality optical glass, like NBK-7, with extremely flat optical surfaces that are usually at a slight angle to each other. When a plane wave is incident at an angle of 45°, which gives maximum sensitivity, it is reflected two times. The two reflections are laterally separated due to the finite thickness of the plate and by the wedge. This separation is referred to as the "shear" and has given the instrument its name. The shear can also be produced by gratings, see "External Links" below.
Parallel-sided shear plates are sometimes used, but the interpretation of the interference fringes of wedged plates is relatively easy and straightforward. Wedged shear plates produce a graded path difference between the front and back surface reflections; as a consequence, a parallel beam of light produces a linear fringe pattern within the overlap. 
With a plane wavefront incident, the overlap of the two reflected beams shows interference fringes with a spacing of formula_1, where "formula_2" is the wavelength of the beam, "n" the refractive index, and "formula_3" the wedge angle. The fringes are equally spaced and will be exactly perpendicular to the wedge orientation and parallel to a usually present wire cursor aligned along the beam axis in the shearing interferometer. The orientation of the fringes varies when the beam is not perfectly collimated. In the case of a noncollimated beam incident on a wedged shear plate, the path difference between the two reflected wavefronts is increased or decreased from the case of perfect collimation depending on the sign of the curvature. The pattern is then rotated and the beam's wavefront radius of curvature "formula_4" can be calculated: formula_5, with "formula_6" the shear distance, "formula_7" the fringe distance, "formula_2" the wavelength and "formula_9" the angular deviation of the fringe alignment from that of perfect collimation.

</doc>
<doc id="2904878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904878" title="Trading blows">
Trading blows

Trading Blows", or" Trading licks", or - blows, - shots", etc., is an endurance test in which the participants (usually two boys or young men) take turns, alternating between administering a blow to an opponent and assuming the agreed exposed position (e.g. bending over an object or grabbing the ankles) to endure the next one, using the same implement (e.g. a fraternity paddle), until only the winner can still bring himself to endure the gradually increasing pain in the progressively tormented target part of their anatomy (usually the posterior, in which case it is a form of spanking, or the cheeks), which in the interest of fairness should be either bared or only covered by a common uniform. As the blows are not given by the same person but by the parties themselves, the strongest-armed one actually has an unfair (but not always decisive) physical advantage.
Such rather macho displays of willpower, restraining the instinct to avoid pain, can serve various purposes, including:
Another game with the same name is often played among boys or young men, where two people agree on a place to hit the other (i.e. the shoulder or chest) and the two take turns trading punches until one person cannot stand the pain any longer. The first person to give up is the loser.

</doc>
<doc id="2904880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904880" title="Sometimes You Can't Make It on Your Own">
Sometimes You Can't Make It on Your Own

"Sometimes You Can't Make It on Your Own" is a song by rock band U2 and the third track from their 2004 album "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb". The song was released as the album's second single in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2005 and it debuted at No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart. Originally titled "Tough", the song is about lead singer Bono's relationship with his dying father. The song won awards for "Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal" and "Song of the Year" at the 2006 Grammy Awards.
Background and writing.
The lyrics were written by lead singer Bono as a tribute to his father, Bob Hewson, who died of cancer in 2001; Bono sang the song at his funeral. The video to the song begins with a note from Bono about his father, saying "I wish I'd known him better."
Release.
"Sometimes You Can't Make It on Your Own" was released worldwide on 7 February 2005. The song was added to BBC Radio 1's C-list playlist on 29 December 2004. It moved to the B-list a week later and to the A-list a week after that. The song was also playlisted by XFM.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number one in the UK, marking the first time that a U2 album has produced two UK number 1 hits (following "Vertigo" in November 2004).
The single was also the third release in the United States. It reached number 15 on the Adult Top 40 chart, and number 29 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in April 2005. It also reached number 97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="2904881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904881" title="Tahir Salahov">
Tahir Salahov

Tahir Salahov (Azerbaijani, in full: "Tahir Teymur oğlu Salahov", Russian: Таир Теймур оглы Салахов; born November 29, 1928, Baku) is an Azerbaijani painter and draughtsman. 
His father Teymur Salahov had been a victim of Stalin's repressions, having been arrested in 1937 and executed shortly after. His mother Sona was left to bring up four children on her own but the family didn't learn of their father's death until 1956 after Stalin's death.
Tahir Salahov studied at the Azimzade Art College in Baku in 1945–1950 and the Surikov Moscow Art Institute in 1951–1957. Salahov won an early recognition: his diploma work, "The Shift is Over", was exhibited in 1957 at the Moscow All-Union Art Exhibition and received public and critical acclaim. He became one of the leading representatives of the so-called "severe style" [http://azer.com/aiweb/categories/magazine/ai134_folder/134_articles/134_tahir_salahov.html] (Russian: "суровый стиль"), a trend in Soviet art of the 1960s that aimed to set off a hard, publicist, realist view against the ceremonial "polished reality" of the Joseph Stalin era. Salahov’s compositions on the life and work of the Baku oil-workers (e.g. "Repair Men", 1961, Mustafayev Azerbaijan State Museum of Art, Baku) and portraits, e.g., of Azerbaijani composer Kara Karayev (1960, Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow), and Soviet composer Dmitri Shostakovich (1976, Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow), are characterized by a forcefulness and lack of idealization. Salahov chose a sparing palette of contrasting red, black, light- and dark-grey tones and gave colored plains a decorative function.
His later works are more peaceful and lyrically contemplative, and Eastern influences are more apparent, as in Portrait of Grandson Dan (1983, Azerbaijan State Museum of Art), in which the composition and colouring are subordinate to the flowing rhythms of Eastern medieval miniatures. His lines became smoother and more melodious, his palette more sophisticated. Many of his most successful works are associated with his impressions of foreign countries (e.g., Mexican Corrida; 1969, Mustafayev Azerbaijan State Museum of Art). He also produced expressive drawings and stage designs.
Today Salahov lives in Moscow, where he is a professor and has a studio at the Moscow Art Institute. He has received numerous honors, including People's Artist of USSR, Russia and Azerbaijan, Hero of Socialist Labour, USSR State Prize (1968), First Secretary of the Union of Artists of the USSR (1973–1992), Vice-President of the Russian Academy of Arts, member of over 20 academies and other creative organizations throughout the world, including academies of art of France, Spain, Germany, Austria, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2904886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904886" title="End of the Line (Traveling Wilburys song)">
End of the Line (Traveling Wilburys song)

"End of the Line" is the last track from the Traveling Wilburys' first album, "Volume 1", released in 1989. Its riding-on-the-rails rhythm suggests its theme and the on-the-move nature of the group. It features all the Wilburys, except Bob Dylan, as lead singers; George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, and Roy Orbison sing the chorus in turn, while Tom Petty sings the verses. The song then expands into a "freight train" rhythm to underscore its theme.
It was released as the second single from the album, eventually peaking at number 63 in the U.S. on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
The music video for "End of the Line" was filmed after Roy Orbison's death in December 1988. To compensate for the loss, a shot of a guitar sitting in a rocking chair next to a photo of Orbison was used when Orbison's vocals are heard.
Uses.
The song was used over the end credits of the final episode of the British sitcom "One Foot in the Grave" as well as the George Harrison-produced cult comedy, "Checking Out". A version sung by Dennis Waterman was used as the theme tune for the pilot of the BBC production, "New Tricks". The song has also been included in TV spots for the 2004 film "The Terminal", as well as the trailer for the 2007 hit comedy "Knocked Up".
Tom Petty played this song live during his 2008 U.S. tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2904889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904889" title="Dinas Cross">
Dinas Cross

Dinas Cross () is a village and community in Pembrokeshire, Wales. It is situated between Fishguard and Newport in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park and is a popular holiday destination on the A487. The village has its own elected community council and gives its name to an electoral ward of Pembrokeshire County Council. The electoral ward of Dinas Cross covers the communities of Dinas Cross, Cwm Gwaun and Puncheston.
Dinas has a total of four pubs: The Country Club, The Ship Aground, The Freemasons Arms and The Old Sailors. At one time there was also a cafe, a school, Rhoshelyg garden centre, a garage, a petrol station, a full-time post office, two shops and a local blacksmith. Now the old school is a Community hall Yr Hen Ysgol, The post office is now part-time, two shops, garage, petrol station and a chip shop remain, as well as the local blacksmith, now 5th generation. [http://jetblacksmith.co.uk/about-us/]
Dinas also houses two chapels which are in use; Tabor (a Baptist Chapel) and Gideon (an Independent Chapel), a servicing church (St Brynach's), and Ramah; an old, disused and neglected Methodist Chapel on the way to Pwllgwaelod beach.

</doc>
<doc id="2904891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904891" title="Tommy Murphy Cup">
Tommy Murphy Cup

The Tommy Murphy Cup is a Gaelic football competition, featuring senior county teams eliminated from the early stages of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and also Kilkenny when not fielding a team in the main All-Ireland. The series of games, organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association, were played during the summer months with the final being played in August in Croke Park. The Cup is named after Tommy Murphy, a famous footballer from County Laois who was, appropriately for the competition, the only member of the Team of the Millennium from a county which had not won an All-Ireland. 
Recent changes to the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship meant that the 2008 Tommy Murphy Cup featured the eight lowest-ranking teams in National Football League unless the teams reached the final of their respective provincial championships. Antrim beat holders Wicklow in the final. The cup was cancelled after the 2008 tournament, although it may be revived at a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="2904896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904896" title="Oleg Serebrian">
Oleg Serebrian

Oleg Serebrian (born July 13, 1969, Hădărăuţi) is a Moldovan politician, writer, diplomat and political scientist (geopolitician), President of the Latin Union between 2010 and 2013.
Biography.
He studied law and history at the "Ion Creangă" State University in Chişinău and international relations at the European Institute of High International Studies in Nice, France. Serebrian entered the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Moldova in 1992. In 1998 he was awarded his doctorate in political sciences. In 1998-1999 he served as spokesperson of Moldova's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Between 1999 and 2003, he was Deputy Rector of the Free University of Moldova. 
Between May 2001 and February 2008 Serebrian was Chairman of the Social Liberal Party. On February 10, 2008, after merging of Social Liberal Party with Democratic Party of Moldova (DPM) he was elected First Deputy Chairman of DPM. Between March 2005 and July 2010 he was Member of the Parliament of Moldova (reelected for a second term in 2009). Since July 2010 he has been Ambassador of Moldova to France and UNESCO.
He is the author of several books on international affairs and geopolitics.

</doc>
<doc id="2904898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904898" title="Cathedral of Saint Joseph the Workman">
Cathedral of Saint Joseph the Workman

The Cathedral of St. Joseph the Workman is the mother church of the Diocese of La Crosse. The cathedral, designed by architect Edward J. Schulte, was completed in 1962. Built of limestone, it has a tall clock tower which rises above the surrounding buildings in downtown La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The following Bishops of the Diocese of La Crosse are buried in the Blessed Sacrament Chapel:
Note:Bishop Michael Heiss is buried in Milwaukee and Auxiliary Bishop William Richard Griffin is buried in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="2904902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904902" title="United Nations Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families">
United Nations Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families

The United Nations International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families is an international agreement governing the protection of migrant workers and families. Signed on 18 December 1990, it entered into force on 1 July 2003 after the threshold of 20 ratifying States was reached in March 2003. The Committee on Migrant Workers (CMW) monitors implementation of the convention, and is one of the seven UN-linked human rights treaty bodies. 
Context.
In 2005, the number of international migrants was between 185 and 192 million. This represents approximately three percent of the world population, comparable to the population of Brazil. Nearly all countries are concerned by migration, whether as sending, transit, or receiving countries, or as a combination of these. International migration has become an intrinsic feature of globalization.
""It is time to take a more comprehensive look at the various dimensions of the migration issue, which now involves hundreds of millions of people, and affects countries of origin, transit and destination. We need to understand better the causes of international flows of people and their complex interrelationship with development."" 
United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, from his report on strengthening the Organization, 9 November 2002 [http://unpan1.un.org/intradoc/groups/public/documents/un/unpan005677.pdf]. 
Overview.
The United Nations Convention constitutes a comprehensive international treaty regarding the protection of migrant workers’ rights. It emphasizes the connection between migration and human rights, which is increasingly becoming a crucial policy topic worldwide. The Convention aims at protecting migrant workers and members of their families; its existence sets a moral standard, and serves as a guide and stimulus for the promotion of migrant rights in each country. 
In the "Preamble", the Convention recalls conventions by International Labour Organisation on migrant workers: Migration for Employment Convention (Revised), 1949, Migrant Workers (Supplementary Provisions) Convention, 1975 and on forced labour; Forced Labour Convention and Abolition of Forced Labour Convention as well as international human rights treaties including Convention against Discrimination in Education.
The primary objective of the Convention is to foster respect for migrants’ human rights. Migrants are not only workers, they are also human beings. The Convention does not create new rights for migrants but aims at guaranteeing equality of treatment, and the same working conditions for migrants and nationals. The Convention innovates because it relies on the fundamental notion that all migrants should have access to a minimum degree of protection. The Convention recognizes that legal migrants have the legitimacy to claim more rights than undocumented migrants, but it stresses that undocumented migrants must see their fundamental human rights respected, like all human beings. 
In the meantime, the Convention proposes that actions be taken to eradicate clandestine movements, notably through the fight against misleading information inciting people to migrate irregularly, and through sanctions against traffickers and employers of undocumented migrants.
Article 7 of this Convention protects the rights of migrant workers and their families regardless of "sex, race, colour, language, religion or conviction, political or other opinion, national, ethnic or social origin, nationality, age, economic position, property, marital status, birth, or other status".
This Convention is also recalled by the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities at the Preamble.
State of ratifications and signatures.
The Convention required a minimum of 20 ratifications before it could enter into force. When El Salvador and Guatemala ratified it on 14 March 2003, this threshold was reached. 
The following 47 states have ratified the Convention as of 2014: Albania, Argentina, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Belize, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Chile, Colombia, East Timor, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Guinea, Honduras, Indonesia, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Mexico, Morocco, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Rwanda, Senegal, Seychelles, Sri Lanka, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Syria, Tajikistan, Turkey, Uganda and Uruguay. 
In addition, several countries have signed the Convention but not yet ratified it. (This means that their government has expressed the intention of adhering to the Convention but is not yet bound to do so at international law.) These countries are: Armenia, Benin, Cambodia, Cameroon, Chad Comoros, Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Liberia, Palau, São Tomé and Príncipe, Serbia and Montenegro (now applies to Serbia and Montenegro), Sierra Leone, Togo, and Venezuela.
So far, countries that have ratified the Convention are primarily countries of origin of migrants (such as Mexico, Morocco and the Philippines). For these countries, the Convention is an important vehicle to protect their citizens living abroad. In the Philippines, for example, ratification of the Convention took place in a context characterized by several cases of Filipino workers being mistreated abroad: such cases hurt the Filipino population and prompted the ratification of the Convention. However, these countries are also transit and destination countries, and the Convention delineates their responsibility to protect the rights of migrants on their territory.
No migrant-receiving state in Western Europe or North America has ratified the Convention. Other important receiving countries, such as Australia, Arab states of the Persian Gulf, India and South Africa have not ratified the Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="2904905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904905" title="Barbuda Independence Movement">
Barbuda Independence Movement

The Barbuda Independence Movement was a political party in Antigua and Barbuda. The party was formed in 1988 by Arthur Nibbs. It participated in the 1989 general elections, but received only 71 votes (0.3% of the total) and failed to win a seat. It did not contest another election.

</doc>
<doc id="2904912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904912" title="Tubbataha Reef">
Tubbataha Reef

The Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park () is a protected area of the Philippines located in the middle of Sulu Sea. The marine and bird sanctuary consists of two huge atolls (named the North Atoll and South Atoll) and the smaller Jessie Beazley Reef covering a total area of . It is located southeast of Puerto Princesa City, the capital of Palawan province. The uninhabited islands and reefs are part of the island municipality of Cagayancillo, Palawan, located roughly to the northeast of the reef.
In December 1993, the UNESCO declared the Tubbataha Reefs National Park as a World Heritage Site as a unique example of an atoll reef with a very high density of marine species; the North Islet serving as a nesting site for birds and marine turtles. The site is an excellent example of a pristine coral reef with a spectacular 100-m perpendicular wall, extensive lagoons and two coral islands. In 1999, Ramsar listed Tubbataha as one of the Wetlands of International Importance. In 2008, the reef was nominated at the New 7 Wonders of Nature.
The national park and the rest of the Philippine archipelago is part of the Coral Triangle, recognized as a center of marine biodiversity containing 75% of the described coral species and 40% of the world's reef fish. The area is under a grave threat due to overfishing and destructive fishing practices. Research of scientists visiting the reefs since the 1980s revealed that the Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park contains no less than 600 fish species, 360 coral species, 11 shark species, 13 dolphin and whale species, and 100 bird species. The reefs also serve as a nesting ground for Hawksbill and Green sea turtles.
Geography.
The natural park is located near the middle of Sulu Sea, southeast of Puerto Princesa City, Palawan covering a total of .
Tubbataha Reefs.
The Tubbataha is made up of two coral atolls or reefs called the North and the South separated by a deep wide channel. Each atoll has a lagoon in the middle and small sandy islets.
North Atoll"', the larger of the two, is long and wide. The ranger station is located on an islet on the Southeast edge of North Atoll. A small islet called North Islet lies in the northern edge of the reef's lagoon. Amos Rocks is located near the southwestern tip of the reef. South Rock is at the southern tip of the atoll on a sandy cay.
South Reef is in length and in width. Tubbataha Lighthouse is located near the southern tip of South Atoll on a small low islet called South islet. A rock called Black rock lies on the northern edge of South atoll.
Jessie Beazley Reef.
The smaller Jessie Beazley Reef is located about north of the two atolls.
Geology.
The Tubbataha Reef is situated on the Cagayan Ridge, composing of extinct underwater volcanoes. Being a true atoll structure, it is believed that the atolls of Tubbataha were formed thousands of years ago as fringing reefs and volcanic islands. This is based on Charles Darwin's theory that atolls are formed when a volcano erupts and afterwards an island is born. When the volcanoes became extinct and the islands subsided over a long time, only the corals remain, growing towards the sunlight. The very big corals seen today surrounding the lagoons are originally the fringing reefs.
History.
Etymology.
The word "tubbataha" is a combination of two Samal words: "tubba" and "taha," which together means "a long reef exposed at low tide". Historically, Samal people who have a nomadic lifestyle, visit the reef from time to time. Although people from the islands of Cagayancillo are frequent visitors of the reef. They used the native vessel "banka" to sail and fish on "Gusong", their local name for the Tubbataha.
Protection.
Tubbataha's isolation, located in the middle of the Sulu Sea far from inhabitants of the nearest populated islands, had preserved its marine resources from over-exploitation over the years. The two islets in Tubbataha have no source of freshwater thus preventing habitation.
In the 1980s, fishermen reaching Tubbataha increased in numbers with the advent in motorized "bangkas", instead of the traditional sailboats. Fish had declined in other fishing grounds because of overfishing and soon Tubbataha became a fishing destination because of its abundant marine life. Many fishermen used destructive fishing techniques like cyanide and dynamite fishing to maximize their catch.
Scuba divers and environmentalists campaigned to make the reefs a national marine park. With the endorsement of the Provincial Government of Palawan, on August 11, 1988, President Corazon Aquino signed Proclamation no. 306 establishing the two Tubbataha Reefs as a national marine park with an area of . This was the first time that the Philippines have declared a marine area as a national park.
In the early years of law enforcement by the Presidential Task Force, the rangers were housed in a simple canvas tent. In 1996 a wooden structure was built but shifting sand soon rendered its foundations unstable. At present, the marine park rangers are housed in a styrofoam-reinforced concrete structure on the Southeast Islet on Tubbatha’s North Atoll.
The National Marine Park was enlarged in 2006 to include the Jessie Beazley Reef. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo signed Proclamation no. 1126 on August 23, which increased the boundaries of the park by 200% to . The national park was also reclassified as a natural park. It is guarded by armed rangers 24 hours/7 days a week.
In 2013, during the 25th anniversary of the Tubbataha Reef's national park declaration, the World Wildlife Fund announced plans to construct a modernized ranger station on a different site to effectively monitor and deal with illegal poaching activities. The said project would cost PHP 50 million pesos.
Recognition.
It was declared a World Heritage Site by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in December 1993 and falls under the protective management of the Department of National Defense (DND) of the Philippines. It is under technical supervision by the Palawan Council for Sustainable Development (PCSD) and the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).
In 1999, Ramsar listed Tubbataha as one of the Wetlands of International Importance because of the variety of its marine life species and valuable role as a habitat for various animals.
The Tubbataha Reef Natural Park was nominated by New7Wonders Foundation in the New 7 Wonders of Nature in 2007 but lost.
Management.
Although the reefs are geographically part of the island municipality of Cagayancillo, Palawan, located roughly to the northeast of the reef, the park is managed by the Tubbataha Management Office (TMO) in Puerto Princesa. The islands are uninhabited except for the rotating 10 - 12 park rangers at the Ranger's Station located at the southernmost tip of the North Atoll. The combined team from the Philippine Navy, Philippine Coast Guard, Municipality of Cagayancillo and the TMO. Stationed for two months at a time, their job is to protect the park from illegal activities including fishing and collection of other marine life.
Ecology.
Over 1000 species of marine life inhabit the reef with many considered as endangered. Animal species found include manta rays, lionfish, sea turtles, clownfish, and sharks. Tubbataha has become a popular site for seasoned sport divers because of its coral "walls" where the shallow coral reef abruptly ends giving way to great depths. These "walls" are also habitats for many colonies of fish. Giant trevally (jacks), hammerhead sharks, barracudas, manta rays, palm-sized Moorish idols, napoleon wrasse, parrotfish, and moray eels live in the sanctuary. There also have been reported sightings of whale sharks and tiger sharks. Tubbataha is even home to the hawksbill sea turtles ("Eretmochelys imbricata") which are endangered species.
Vivid corals cover more than two-thirds of the area and the waters around the reef are places of refuge for numerous marine lives. The seemingly diverse ecosystem of this sanctuary rivals the Great Barrier Reef – having 350 coral species and 500 fish species. In June 2009 an outbreak of the crown-of-thorns starfish was observed, possibly affecting the ecological functioning of this relatively pristine coral reef.
Tourism.
Tubbataha is considered as one of the best dive sites in the world according to CNN Travel Trips to Tubbataha National Marine Park from Puerto Princesa operates during the diving season from mid-March to mid-June, the period where the waves are calmest, skies clear and water visibility of about . The park is about ten hours by boat from the city. All trips are vessel-based or "liveaboard" as there are no accommodation facilities. Visitors stay on the yacht/boat throughout their stay in the park. During the diving season, ships dedicated for diving are usually booked years in advance especially during Easter and the Asian holidays called "Golden Week".
As of March 2011, the park entrance fee for individuals is pegged at USD $75.00 or PHP 3,000.00. In September 2010, Palawan governor Abraham Kahlil Mitra announced that local residents of Palawan province can enter the Tubbataha Reef without paying the conservation fee. It is advised that divers book their trips towards the middle or end of April as calm seas from April to June has a short window.
Although the sand bars around Tubbataha are considered off limits to human beings, tourists are allowed to set foot at the Ranger Station where they can purchase souvenirs and tour the facility.
₱1000 bill.
Tubbataha reef is of national value, the park was featured on the reverse side of the 2010 series of the Philippine one thousand peso bill.
Ship grounding incidents.
Rainbow Warrior.
On October 31, 2005, the Greenpeace ship, Rainbow Warrior ran aground on Tubbataha Reef damaging approximately of reef for which they paid a fine of about $7,000. GreenPeace blamed the accident on inaccurate charts provided by the Philippine government. The BBC quoted Greenpeace official Red Constantino as saying "The chart indicated we were a mile and a half" from the coral reef when the ship ran aground. Greenpeace paid the fine anyhow.
USS Guardian.
On January 17, 2013, the US Navy minesweeper USS Guardian ran aground at Tubbataha Reef. The U.S. Government initially blamed the grounding on faulty maps. Between 2011 and January 2013, before the grounding of the USS Guardian, there were eleven incidents involving ships, including two Philippine ships. The U.S. Navy concluded that towing the ship off the reef would cause more damage and decided to dismantle the ship in place. On March 30, the last section of the ship was removed from the reef. No evidence of fuel leakage from the grounded vessel were found.
The World Wide Fund for Nature–Philippines and the Tubbataha Management Office, measured the damage area at . The U.S. Federal Government was assessed a fine of 24,000 Philippine pesos (about US$600) per square meter. With additions for other violations, the total fine came to about 60 million pesos or 1.4 million U.S. dollars. The U.S. Government apologized for the incident and relieved four officers from duty. The initial investigation clearly indicated that these officers did not adhere to standard US Navy navigation procedures. On April 8, 2013 the U.S. Navy had turned over digital navigation charts and other relevant documents and data of the Guardian to the Philippine Maritime Casualty Investigating Team (MCIT) and responded to various technical and substantive queries. The MCIT conducted its own independent investigation and made recommendations on how to avoid such incidents in the future.
F/V Min Long Yu.
On April 8, 2013, the F/V Min Long Yu, a Chinese fishing vessel ran aground some nautical miles east of the Tubbataha Reef ranger station. The fishing vessel had 12 crew members and were suspected of illegal fishing. On board, what was found instead were 400 boxes of frozen scaly anteaters (locally called as "pangolin"), sources unknown at the time of arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="2904913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904913" title="Bike (song)">
Bike (song)

"Bike" is a song by British rock band Pink Floyd, featured on their 1967 debut album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn".
Information.
In the song, Syd Barrett's lyrical subject shows a girl his bike (which he borrowed), a cloak, a homeless mouse that he calls Gerald, and a clan of gingerbread men—because she "fits in with world." With each repetition of the chorus, a sudden percussive noise is heard similar to the firing of two gunshots. Towards the end of the song, he offers to take her into a "room of musical tunes". The final verse is followed by an instrumental section that is a piece of "musique concrète": a noisy collage of oscillators, clocks, gongs, bells, a violin, and other sounds edited with tape techniques, apparently the "other room" spoken of in the song and giving the impression of the turning gears of a bicycle. The ending of the song fades out with a tape loop of the band members laughing reversed and played at double speed. The song was written for Barrett's then girlfriend, Jenny Spires. She is also mentioned as "Jennifer Gentle" in the song "Lucifer Sam", which is also on "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn".
Other album appearances.
The song also appears on two Pink Floyd compilation albums: "Relics" (1971) and "" (2001); it serves as the closing track on both albums.

</doc>
<doc id="2904932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904932" title="Antigua Freedom Party">
Antigua Freedom Party

The Antigua Freedom Party was a political party in Antigua and Barbuda led by George "Rick" James.
The party contested the 1999 general elections with a single candidate, George James, running in the St. Johns Rural East constituency. James got only 57 votes and failed to win the seat. After the elections AFP claimed that the Antigua Labour Party government had committed electoral fraud, as they had let non-nationals to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2904933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904933" title="Zagora">
Zagora

Zagora may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904937" title="Chianche">
Chianche

Chianche is a town and "comune" in Avellino Province, in the Campania region of Italy.
The town rises on the border between the Avellino and Benevento provinces, on top of a green hill. It is surrounded by chestnut-tree woods, while the fertile countryside produces very fine olive oil and the famous DOC wine "Greco di Tufo".
The town's history is trackable to circa 300, when it was named Planca. It was lorded by many different feudal families, among them the Caracciolo and Carafa.

</doc>
<doc id="2904946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904946" title="2005 Tommy Murphy Cup">
2005 Tommy Murphy Cup

The Tommy Murphy Cup 2005 began on July 16, 2005. It was the second year that this new element of the Bank of Ireland Football Championship was introduced. The final was played on Sunday, September 4 and the Tommy Murphy Cup was awarded to Tipperary after they beat Wexford at Croke Park, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="2904952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904952" title="Henry Willis &amp; Sons">
Henry Willis &amp; Sons

Henry Willis & Sons is a British firm of pipe organ builders founded in 1845 in London at 2 & 1/2 Foundling Terrace, Gray's Inn Road. Although most of their installations have been in the UK, examples can be found in other countries. Five generations of the Willis family continued the tradition of organ building until 1997. The company is now based in Liverpool under the ownership of David Wyld who is Managing Director.
History.
The founder of the company, the eponymous Henry Willis, was nicknamed "Father Willis" because of his contribution to the art and science of organ building and to distinguish him from his younger relatives working in the firm.
He was a friend of Samuel Sebastian Wesley whom he met at Cheltenham, and who was instrumental in gaining for Willis the contract for his first cathedral organ, at Gloucester, in 1847.
Willis's are regarded as the leading organ builders of the Victorian era, itself a time when both civic and religious commitment led to the erection of a large number of impressive buildings and other public works. During the Industrial Revolution many towns equipped themselves with imposing town halls, preferably with a Willis organ, and a substantial (and similarly equipped) church. Industrialists competed to endow the most lavish halls and instruments. The result was a convergence of both a very fine and technically proficient organ builder, and a substantial number of commissions for really exceptional instruments. This heritage has continued.
Notable Willis organs.
Famous "Father" Willis organs include those installed at St Paul's Cathedral in London, Lincoln Cathedral, Salisbury Cathedral, Truro Cathedral and Glasgow Metropolitan Cathedral but there are many more including those at the cathedrals in Aberdeen, Calcutta, Canterbury, Durham, Edinburgh, Hereford as well as at St Mary's Church, Southampton, Giggleswick School, Felsted School and the Old High Church in Inverness. St Michael and all Angels, Croydon boasts a "Father" Willis built and installed in 1882 with additions by Noel Mander in 1955. The 1887 Father Willis pipe organ at Beckwithshaw Church is still in use. 
The Grand Organ built by Henry Willis & Sons in 1871 for the Royal Albert Hall had four manuals (keyboards) and 111 stops and was, at that time, the largest in the world.
The Grand Organ built by Henry Willis & Sons between 1923 and 1926 at the Cathedral Church of Christ in Liverpool, is the largest pipe organ in the UK with two five-manual consoles, 10,268 pipes and a trompette militaire.
Windsor Castle had a Willis until it was destroyed by a fire in November 1992, as have Blenheim Palace and the Royal Academy of Music and several historic civic buildings including Reading Town Hall, Birmingham Town Hall, Freemasons' Hall, London and the Sheldonian Theatre in Oxford.
The tiny hamlet of St Michael's, near Tenbury Wells also has a full organ which was installed in the new church created to support the then new St Michael's College in the mid-19th century. The 4,600 pipes organ built in 1892 was originally installed in the Brisbane Exhibition Building but in 1927 was moved to the Brisbane City Hall in Brisbane. The organ in St Bees Priory Church (1899) was the last major instrument to be personally supervised by "Father" Henry Willis.
Father Willis's organ won a gold medal in the Great Exhibition at Crystal Palace. The organ was later installed in Winchester Cathedral by the family firm, after being reduced to the appropriate size for the cathedral. Another example of a fine Willis pipe organ can be found in the firm's hometown of Liverpool at St George's Hall.
The "Josiah Wedgwood" Willis organ has been installed in St Peter's Church on Hayling Island.
Although four generations of Henry Willises are mostly remembered for organs on the grand scale they also built smaller instruments. Seven examples exist in Australia, including the last imported, the 1881 organ (Great: 5 stops; Swell: 4 stops; Pedal: 1 stop; 3 couplers) in All Saints Church, Bodalla, New South Wales, commemorating the 'father of Australian dairying', Thomas Sutcliffe Mort.
Henry Willis III built and worked on many organs across Britain, the most notable examples of his work being in Westminster Cathedral and Sheffield City Hall, both built in 1932. These organs both contain stops invented by the builder: the Sylvestrina at 8 foot pitch on the Choir divisions.
Henry Willis IV built many Junior Development Plan Organs which he designed to be economical initially but with scope for expansion as funds became available. There is an example in St Anne's Church in East Wittering, West Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="2904953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904953" title="National Reform Movement (Antigua and Barbuda)">
National Reform Movement (Antigua and Barbuda)

The National Reform Movement is a political party in Antigua and Barbuda. In the 1999 elections NRM had a single candidate, Knolly Hill, who ran in the in St. Peter constituency. However, he received only 33 votes, and failed to win a site

</doc>
<doc id="2904963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904963" title="Type A1 submarine">
Type A1 submarine

A1 Type submarines were submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II, equipped with an aircraft. The design was an adaptation of the J3 Type design, with the hangar opening forward of the conning tower. 
Three boats were built, and equipped with communication facilities allowing them to operate as the command ships for groups of submarines. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904967" title="School of Military Intelligence and Security">
School of Military Intelligence and Security

The School of Military Intelligence and Security is the New Zealand Intelligence Corps (NZIC) school. It is currently located at Hokowhitu Campus, previously part of Massey University, Palmerston North. It is responsible for training NZIC personnel and other members of the New Zealand Defence Force in aspects of intelligence and security.
In 2012, there were six NZIC personnel based at SMIS.

</doc>
<doc id="2904974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904974" title="Edict of Beaulieu">
Edict of Beaulieu

The Edict of Beaulieu (also known at the time as the Peace of Monsieur) was promulgated from Beaulieu-lès-Loches on 6 May 1576 by Henry III of France, who was pressured by Alençon's support of the Protestant army besieging Paris that spring. 
The Edict, which was negotiated by the king's brother, "Monsieur"— François, duc d'Alençon, who was now made duc d'Anjou— gave Huguenots the right of public worship for their religion, thenceforth officially called the "religion prétendue réformée" ("supposed reformed religion"), throughout France, except at Paris and at Court. In eight parlements there were also to be established chambers, called the "mi-partis" because they were composed of equal numbers of Catholics and Huguenots; eight "places de sûreté" were to be given to the Huguenots; there was to be a disclaimer of the Massacre of St. Bartholomew, and the families which had suffered from it were to be reinstated. These large concessions to the Huguenots and the approbation given to their political organization led to the formation of the Catholic League, which was organized by Catholics anxious to defend their religion. 
The King held a "lit de justice" in the Parlement of Paris on 14 May to subvent pending opposition in the strongly Catholic "parlement" and to ensure that the Edict was duly inscribed. In December 1576, however, the States-General of Blois declared itself against the Edict of Beaulieu. Thereupon the Protestants took up arms under the leadership of Henry of Navarre, who, escaping from the Court, had returned to the Calvinism which he had abjured at the time of the Massacre of St. Bartholomew. The advantage was on the Catholic side, thanks to some successes achieved by the duc d'Anjou. In September 1577, the Treaty of Bergerac, confirmed by the Edict of Poitiers, left the Huguenots the free exercise of their religion only in the suburbs of one town in each bailiwick ("bailliage"), and in those places where it had been practiced before the outbreak of hostilities and which they occupied at the current date. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904984" title="Acacia victoriae">
Acacia victoriae

Acacia victoriae commonly known as Gundabluie or Bardi bush is a shrub-like tree native to Australia.
Subspecies:
"A. victoriae" subsp. "arida" Pedley
Distribution and Ecology.
Native to Australia in arid and semi-arid areas, the "Acacia victoriae" is generally found in alkaline soils including clayey alluvials, grey cracking clays and saline loams on floodplains, alluvial flats, rocky hillsides and ridges. Animals such as birds and small mammals are known to use the tree as protection. The seeds and foliage also offer a source of food to animals.
Description.
Mature "Acacia victoriae" grow into a shrub-like tree with multiple trunks. They reach a height of about 5–6 meters and is moderately fast growing. It has a life-span of about 10–15 years. The tree has a large root system, known to extend to 20m. It is able to survive drought fairly well, however not in severe drought, though it can regenerate from suckers. Flowering begins in August and continues into late December; depending on the region the tree is found. As with the variation of flowering, the maturation of the seeds is also variant.
Foliage and Seeds.
The branches of the "Acacia victoriae" are covered in small spines that are about 1 cm in length. During flowering, the branches are full clustered, yellowish, and strong scented flowers. Each flower is in a pair within the 12–12 cm cluster. Seeds are found in 8 cm pale coloured pods. The seeds themselves are about 0.5 cm and brown in colour.
Uses.
Food.
The nitrogen containing seeds are used in breads as well as ground up as a meal. Aboriginals are helping to apply their methods to using the seeds form "Acacia victoriae" for food. The seeds have also been used as fodder, being a good source of protein.
Land Uses.
The "Acacia victoriae" is useful when used as a windbreak and also helps with soil stabilization. Because it is able to grow at a moderate rate, it has also been used site rehabilitation.

</doc>
<doc id="2904987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904987" title="Beriáin">
Beriáin

Beriain is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2904989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904989" title="Sisters of St Francis of the Martyr St George">
Sisters of St Francis of the Martyr St George

The Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George is a Roman Catholic Congregation of consecrated women based on the spirituality of St. Francis of Assisi. Mother M. Anselma Bopp and Father John Gerard Dall founded the Order in Thuine, Germany, in 1869. The Order expanded to the U.S. in 1923 with the founding of a Provincialate and Novitiate in Alton, Illinois, which continues to be the location of the Motherhouse—the main convent. They are also located in other areas of Illinois, Missouri, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Kansas, New Jersey, Ohio, Washington, D.C., Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, as well as missions in Brazil and Cuba. 
Charisms and Apostolate.
The main charism of the Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George is to “make the merciful love of Christ visible”—i.e., to be the hands and feet of Jesus Christ to show the world His love for each person. The Sisters have particular devotions to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the Mass, the Eucharist, Scripture, the Liturgy of the Hours, and the Stations of the Cross. They live out these charisms by celebrating Mass daily and having Benediction and exposition of the Blessed Sacrament daily from 6:30 a.m. until 8:30 p.m. and all night on Fridays. They set aside time daily for Scripture meditation and pray the Liturgy of the Hours, the prayer of the universal Church, 4 times daily. The Sisters also meditate on the Way of the Cross and pray the rosary daily. 
Their Franciscan Spirituality follows St. Francis of Assisi’s particular love for the Incarnation and Passion of Christ, as well as adoring and receiving the Holy Eucharist. An additional charism that expresses their love for the Passion of Christ is the Cross prayer. St. Francis prayed with his arms outstretched before the Crucifix, and the Sisters imitate this action as a prayer of abandonment and surrender to God’s Will. 
The Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George exercise their charisms through serving the Church in different apostolic works, including health care, education, child care, care of the elderly, parish and diocesan office work, household services in bishops’ households and priest retirement homes, and within their own convents and house of formation.
Health Care.
Two of the major health care venues the Sisters serve in are Saint Anthony’s Health Center and Mother of Good Counsel Home. 
The Sisters founded Saint Anthony’s Health Center in Alton, Illinois, in 1925, but it was an infirmary until 1956 when it became a fully licensed hospital. It is now located on two campuses in Alton—Saint Anthony’s Health Center and Saint Clare’s Hospital. There is also a supportive living facility for seniors—Saint Clare’s Villa—that is located inside the hospital. 
Mother of Good Counsel Home is located in St. Louis, Missouri. It was established in 1929 by the National Catholic Women’s Union (NCWU). After asking the Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George to provide care in the nursing home in 1932, the NCWU sold the facility to the Sisters in 1935. The Sisters serve in many faculties, such as administration, housekeeping, nurses, and Certified Nurses Aides (CNAs).
Education.
The Sisters are currently teaching in the Dioceses of Springfield and Peoria, IL; Tulsa, OK; Steubenville, OH; Lincoln, NE; Metuchen, NJ; as well as the Archdioceses of St. Louis, MO; and Kansas City, KS.
Care for Clergy.
Their care for clergy spans the entire age range—from seminary to retirement. They started out with serving retired priests at Bonacum House in 1987 and Maria Regina Residence in 1989. Bonacum House is a residence for retired priests in the Diocese of Lincoln, Nebraska. The Maria Regina Residence is a similar home in the Diocese of Metuchen, New Jersey. In 1995, the Sisters were invited to serve the Apostolic Nuncio to the United States at the Papal Ninciature, also called the Apostolic Nunciature, in Washington, D.C. The Sisters are also serving in Rome, Italy, in Raymond Cardinal Burke’s residence. Raymond Cardinal Burke is the Prefect for the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura. In 2011, the Sisters began serving seminarians in Havana, Cuba, at St. Charles and St. Ambrose Seminary.
House of Formation.
The Mater Redemptoris House of Formation was founded in 2000 in the Diocese of La Crosse as a residential and retreat house and is staffed by the Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George. The goal of Mater Redemptoris is to aid Catholic women in discerning their vocations, form them in prayer and understanding of consecrated life, and educate youth about consecrated life. 
Adoration Sisters.
After Sisters have retired from the regular apostolates, they become Adoration Sisters. They spend the majority of their time adoring Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacrament and praying that the merciful love of Christ continue to be made known.
Vows.
The Sisters, like other Catholic religious, take vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. The vow of poverty is to renounce material possessions in order to live more freely and simply to follow Christ. The religious chastity vow marks a total consecration and spousal relationship with Christ. Obedience is a submission to follow the guidance of the superiors. The current Provincial Superior of the American Province is Mother M. Regina Pacis Coury, and the General Superior is Mother Margaretha Maria Brand.
Formation.
There are three formal stages of formation: Postulancy, Novitiate, and Juniorate.
Postulancy.
"Postulant" is Latin for "asking". The Postulancy is a young woman's gradual immersion into the religious life. The time duration of this stage varies among different Orders, but for the Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George this period lasts anywhere from six months to two years. During this stage, the woman wears a simple jumper.
Novitiate.
"Novitiate" comes from the Latin word "novicius", which means "new". This stage lasts for two years for the Sisters of St. Francis of the Martyr St. George. During the first year, Novices study the Franciscan Rule and the Order's Constitutions and deepen their prayer lives. Novices are sent on mission at one of the apostolates during the second year before returning to prepare for First Profession of vows. Upon entrance to the Novitiate is also when the young woman receives her religious name and a habit, but she has a white veil instead of a black veil. The Sisters have two different colored habits. Their gray habits are "work habits" that they wear during the week. They have black habits for Sundays and other special events.
Juniorate.
First Profession of vows is only temporary, which brings the Sister to the Juniorate. The stage is at least three years long, during which the Sister annually renews her vows. She lives as a Professed Sister and continues to grow deeper in her life as a religious Sister. This is also the time she begins her work or studies. Additionally, she receives a black veil and a crucifix.
Final Profession.
When a Sister makes her Final Profession of Vows, her vows are permanent. She wears a ring on her left ring finger to signify her marriage to Christ. However, formation does not end there. She lives the rest of her life as a Sister growing in her Catholic faith and the Franciscan way of life. Additionally, each Sister continues to go on annual retreats.
St. George.
The Congregation originally asked for the name Sisters of St. Francis of the Sacred Heart, but there was already a religious Order by that name. They were encouraged to take the name of a parish they founded in Germany—St. George. The Martyr St. George was a soldier in the Diocletian military in Nicomedia when a war waged against the Christian religion. He laid aside his military dignity, refused to fight, and complained to the emperor. He was immediately thrown into prison where he was later tortured with great cruelty, but nothing shook his beliefs. He was led through the city and beheaded. He is usually depicted on horseback with a sword drawn at the dragon under his feet. This figure is only a symbolic representation that by his faith and Christian fortitude he conquered the devil, who is named a dragon in the Apocalypse. From this image, he is often called St. George the Dragon Slayer.

</doc>
<doc id="2904991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904991" title="Type A2 submarine">
Type A2 submarine

The Type A2 submarine was a single class of submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II, consisting of one boat, "I-12", equipped with an aircraft. The design was similar to the earlier Type A1 submarine, except for the A2's having weaker engines. The boat thus had a lower surfaced speed but a longer range. 
Like the Type A1, this submarine was designed to act as a headquarters boat coordinating the operations of submarine squadrons. However, unlike the Type A1, the Type A2 submarine was ineffective in its role and in its only patrol, she sank a freighter and machine gunned the survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="2904993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904993" title="FIVB Volleyball World Cup results">
FIVB Volleyball World Cup results

This is the detailed results of each FIVB Volleyball World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2905011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905011" title="Alexenia Dimitrova">
Alexenia Dimitrova

Alexenia Dimitrova is a Bulgarian journalist and author with more than 21 years of experience. She works in the second largest daily in Bulgaria ["24 Hours" ("24 chasa")]. Her favorite topics are secret archives of the Cold War era, shadow affairs and corruption, money laundering, suspicious ownership and property, and secret societies. Recently she has profiled finding lost people all over the world and reuniting them. For her series of publications about missing persons which started in July 2002, and still continues, she received "Chernorizets Hrabar" (the most prestigious award for investigative journalism in Bulgaria) in November 2004. She had been nominated for the same award in 2003.
Dimitrova has published more than 4,000 stories in 40 media in Bulgaria, the USA, Russia, and Great Britain. Her book "The Iron Fist - Inside the Bulgarian and American Secret Archives" was published in March 2005 in London and in English by Artnik Publishing. The same book (under the title "The War of the Spies") was published in Bulgaria in October 2005.
Dimitrova graduated from Sofia University in 1986 and has specializations on journalism in the World Press Institute, St. Paul, MN, and the University of Missouri, Columbia, (USA), Reuters (Great Britain), European Center for Journalism (Netherlands), and Danish School of Journalism in Aarhus. Mrs. Dimitrova is licensed lecturer in journalistic investigations in Bulgaria within the framework of SouthEast European Network for Professionalism in the Media. She is also was local trainer for the BBC on investigative journalism during a 3 year project implementing the Self-regulation and the Code of Ethics of Bulgarian Media. She is one of the 12 members of the Press Complaint Commission in Bulgaria.
She has been invited to speak at seminars and other events of investigative journalism in Bulgaria, Denmark, Croatia, Netherlands, Austria, Moldavia, Armenia, Slovenia, Germany, Bosnia, Albania, Azerbaijan, and Turkey.
She is a member of the union of Bulgarian journalists, the Investigative Journalists Association; International Federation of Journalists (IFJ); and is a founding member of South East Europe Media Organisation (SEEMO).

</doc>
<doc id="2905017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905017" title="Paid survey">
Paid survey

A paid or incentivized survey is a type of statistical survey where the participants/members are rewarded through an incentive program, generally entry into a sweepstakes program or a small cash reward, for completing one or more surveys.
Details.
A paid survey is used to collect quantitative information about the participants' personal and economic habits set against their particular demographic. Incentivized surveys are considered to be more likely to catch a wider and more representative range of respondents compared to unincentivised surveys. 
YouGov in the United Kingdom says -
Legitimate surveys are usually unpaid (as with Gallup poll) or incentivized (as with MySurvey and YouGov). Surveys where the respondent must pay or purchase products to join a panel are generally scams, as are sites that disappear before paying the participants. Legitimate surveys do not need credit card information from respondents.
In the last few years most U.S. market research companies have developed online panels to recruit participants and gather information. With the power of the internet thousands of respondents can be contacted instantly rather than the weeks and months it used to take to conduct interviews through telecommunication and/or mail. By conducting research online, a research company can reach out to demographics they may not have had access to when using other methods. The big-brand companies from around the world pay millions of dollars to Research companies for public opinions and product reviews by using these free online surveys. The surveys you complete directly influence the development of products and services from top companies.
When a research company needs respondents from a demographic they cannot reach they can easily reach out to a worldwide or specialty panel. By offering a cash incentive to respondents in return for feedback these companies are able to quickly fill quotas and collect the information being sought by the client.

</doc>
<doc id="2905030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905030" title="Japanese auction">
Japanese auction

A Japanese auction is a form of dynamic auction.
In a Japanese Auction, all bidders are considered in the auction with a continuously rising price. The only action that a bidder may take is to drop out of the auction. Once the bidder drops out of the auction, he or she may not re-enter the auction. The instant in which the second-to-last bidder drops out of the auction, the auction stops immediately, and the last bidder to remain gets the object at that price. It is strategically equivalent to generalized second-price auction, even though it's a static game and the Japanese Auction is a dynamic game.

</doc>
<doc id="2905033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905033" title="Narran">
Narran

Narran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905035" title="Peter Thornley">
Peter Thornley

Peter William Thornley (born 19 October 1946) is an English former professional wrestler known as Kendo Nagasaki, a Japanese Samurai with a mysterious past and reputed powers of hypnosis.
He was one of the biggest draws of all time in British Wrestling, especially in the mid-1970s and the turn of the 1980s/1990s.
Career.
Early career.
In November 1964 Thornley had his first professional contest against "Jumping" Jim Hussey at Willenhall Baths. Nagasaki's most notable achievement during the '60s was in March 1966 when he defeated and unmasked Count Bartelli (Crewe born Geoff Condliffe) at the Victoria Hall, Hanley.
Bartelli had been Nagasaki's mentor and tag team partner (and Condliffe had been Thornley's real life trainer) until they had a storyline falling out over Nagasaki's rough tactics in the ring. During the late 1960s, Nagasaki would feud with Billy Robinson and also with a young Jean Ferre.
World of Sport.
Kendo Nagasaki made his ITV debut in May 1971 with a victory over Wayne Bridges. During July 1971 in what was said to be a sensational TV contest with Billy Howes, his mask came off in the heat of the battle causing confusion all around. Howes spent a great deal of effort in pounding Nagasaki's head and dragging his tight-fitting mask up, almost covering Nagasaki's eyes, and tried to untie the straps holding it on, before under his relentless efforts it came loose. Howes showed little sign of actually wrestling in the end stages, and was solely intent on removing the mask, which he finally did and Nagasaki quickly left the ring covering his face.
In December 1971 he appeared for the first time with manager "Gorgeous" George Gillette at Dumfries. He then went on to tour Canada and the United States during 1972 working for wrestling legend Stu Hart. Nagasaki was renowned for his strength; in one televised match he lifted the "The Battling Guardsman" Shirley Crabtree later known as 'Big Daddy', up on to his shoulders, then calmly walked to a corner carrying him and finished the bout with his famous Kamikaze Crash, walking out the ring as Crabtree was being counted out.
In December 1975, he was sensationally unmasked on television by Big Daddy (in a bout which he won), starting a violent feud between the two. The unmasking occurred two years before he had an official ceremonial unmasking ceremony at the Civic Hall, Wolverhampton in what was one of the most anticipated and most viewed moments in ITV's "World of Sport". In April the following year (1978), he appeared as an unmasked wrestler for the first time; in a contest at Croydon against Bronco Wells. However, in September 1978, he retired on doctor's orders from the ring and began a new career in rock management.
Nagasaki returned in 1981-82 in a few appearances for Brian Dixon, in which the real Nagasaki feuded with notorious Nagasaki impersonator King Kendo (Bill Clarke) in a series of loser-lose-mask matches which saw Clarke defeated and unmasked night after night.
All Star Wrestling.
In December 1986, Thornley made his masked return to the ring at the London Hippodrome in a ladder match with Clive Myers, and by September 1987 he went on to become the WWA World Heavyweight Champion after defeating Wayne Bridges. He also formed a tag team with Rollerball Rocco but this fell apart after a televised match in early 1988 resulting in a lengthy and violent feud between the two which would rage on at live shows during the first few years after the end of British Wrestling on TV.
Another tag team with Blondie Barrett would run for several years. During his final ITV appearance, Nagasaki and Barrett defeated the 'Golden Boys' tag team of Robbie Brookside and Steve Regal when the masked man hypnotised (kayfabe) Brookside to attack Regal. This too would lead to a long running storyline with Nagasaki regularly using his 'powers' to turn Brookside over to his side at live shows.
During 1990, George Gillette died and Lloyd Ryan officially became his new manager. In October 1991, he feuded with Giant Haystacks, and at one point was robbed of a chance at the CWA World crown after Haystacks deliberately pulled off his mask 'forcing' him to abandon the match. Footage from this match was featured in the BBC2 documentary on Nagasaki "Arena: Masters Of The Canvas".
In 1993 Nagasaki and Ryan fell out (kayfabe) and were set to feud with Nagasaki now managed by his personal assistant Lawrence Stevens and Ryan recruiting King Kendo for a fresh battle of the Kendos. This storyline was soon aborted when Nagasaki retired once more to concentrate on his role in commerce. Over the next few years, Ryan continued to manage King Kendo (with Dale Preston taking over the role from Clarke who had also retired in 1993) in feuds with various old enemies of the real Nagasaki.
Millennium comeback.
He returned in May 2000 to accept the "Wrestler Of The Millennium" trophy in a ceremony at Hanley's Victoria Hall. This began a "Millennium Comeback" campaign for Nagasaki as a month later he returned to the venue teamed with Vic Powers to face Darren Walsh and Marty Jones who had objected (kayfabe) to Nagasaki winning the award. Over the next eighteen months he would appear on various All Star shows, sometimes teamed with Drew McDonald. In March 2001 he again partnered Vic Powers in a charity tag ladder match against James Mason and Walsh. This run ended in December 2001 with a formal retirement match, a Four Corners bout in which he faced and defeated Mason, Doug Williams and Dean Allmark.
LDN.
Since then, he was said to be looking for a young wrestler to pass his 'powers' on to. In June 2007, he signed a deal with London based LDN wrestling. In November 2007 he appeared at LDN "Legends Showdown" in Broxbourne, England. He represented a team in a match against a team represented by his former manager Lloyd Ryan who had again (kayfabe) fallen out with his charge, this time over Ryan's son, young wrestler Damian Ryan. This event kicked off a storyline which saw him return to wrestling. Working exclusively for LDN Wrestling he feuded with Robbie Brookside over The Sword of Excellence.
In May 2008 his old tag team partner Blondie Barratt teamed with him, along with a handpicked LDN Wrestler named Gregory Cortez in a 6 Man Tag Team match to take on Powers, Brookside & Hakan, who replaced Yorghos who he refused to wrestle. He then began feuding with Yorghos. Barratt wrestled against Yorghos & Hakan in a Ladder match in Hanley in September 2008. Then in October he was scheduled to wrestle Yorghos in a singles match in Wolverhampton, but refused to face him again, instead teaming with Blondie Barratt to defeat Hakan & Travis to win the LDN Tag Team Championship.
Other media work.
In December 2012, Kendo Nagasaki appeared in the BBC documentary "Timeshift — When Wrestling Was Golden: Grapples, Grunts and Grannies". He remained silent, and the programme also featured clips of him wrestling and the famous "unmasking" ceremony in Wolverhampton, 1977. The programme was repeated on BBC Four on 15 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2905045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905045" title="Glenn Shorrock">
Glenn Shorrock

Glenn Barrie Shorrock (born 30 June 1944) is an English-born Australian singer-songwriter. He was a founding member of pop groups The Twilights, Axiom and Little River Band as well as being a solo performer. 
The Twilights had eight consecutive national hit singles including "Needle in a Haystack" and "What's Wrong with the Way I Live". Axiom's top 10 hits were "Arkansas Grass", "Little Ray of Sunshine" and "My Baby's Gone". Little River Band had national and international chart success, including the Shorrock-penned "Emma", "Help Is on Its Way" and "Cool Change".
Shorrock was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Hall of Fame as a solo artist in 1991 and as a member of Little River Band in 2004. In May 2001 the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), as part of its 75th Anniversary celebrations, named "Cool Change" as one of the APRA Top 30 Australian songs of all time.
Early years.
Glenn Barrie Shorrock was born on 30 June 1944 in Chatham, Kent, United Kingdom. His family migrated to Adelaide, South Australia in August 1954 when he was ten. His father was a Yorkshire-born fitter and turner at the Weapons Research Establishment in Salisbury. The 1954–55 summer had days of and Black Sunday bushfires ravaged the Adelaide Hills in January 1955. His London-born mother was not impressed with Australia, and she took Shorrock and his younger sister back to UK, only to return to Australia for a second attempt in 1956. The family settled in Elizabeth north of Adelaide.
Shorrock's first public performance took place in 1958 in a Lutheran church hall—he was miming to Elvis Presley's "All Shook Up" on a gramophone and strumming on a cardboard guitar when the player stopped—he was forced to continue singing by himself and realised he had a good voice.
In 1962, Shorrock formed his first band, The Checkmates, with Clem McCartney, Mike Sykes and Billy Volraat. They were a doo wop harmony group covering The Platters and The Crew Cuts material. Sometimes teaming up with instrumental groups, The Vector Men or The Hurricanes, The Checkmates performed in Adelaide cafes and folk clubs. As a result of The Beatles' popularity, members of The Checkmates and The Hurricanes merged to form The Twilights in 1964.
The Twilights.
In 1964 Shorrock, with McCartney as co-lead vocalist, formed The Twilights by merging with The Hurricanes' Frank Barnard on drums, Peter Brideoak on guitar, Terry Britten on guitar and John Bywaters on bass guitar. Their debut single, "I'll Be Where You Are", co-written by Shorrock and Britten, was released in June 1965. The band had eight consecutive hit singles including covers of The Velvelettes' "Needle in a Haystack" and The Hollies' "What's Wrong with the Way I Live" (recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London). With two lead singers, two guitarists and five vocalists, the Twilights performed note-perfect covers of pop-rock songs and were famed for their live prowess. They relocated to Melbourne late in 1965 and were popular with teenage audiences and respected by fellow musicians. In July 1966, they won Hoadley's Battle of the Sounds with the prize including a trip to London. In 1967, shortly after returning from London, the group regularly performed the entire "Sgt Pepper's" album live in sequence, weeks before it was released in Australia. Shorrock married his first wife, Sue, while he was a member of The Twilights. The Twilights disbanded in January 1969 and Shorrock became band manager for Brisbane pop group, The Avengers.
Axiom.
In May 1969 in Melbourne, Shorrock formed an early Australian 'supergroup', Axiom, with Brian Cadd on keyboards and vocals, Don Mudie on lead guitar (both ex-The Groop), Doug Lavery (The Valentines) on drums and Chris Stockley (Cam-Pact) on guitar. They recorded two highly acclaimed albums, "Fool's Gold" and "If Only..."; and had three top 10 singles, "Arkansas Grass", "Little Ray of Sunshine" and "My Baby's Gone" on the "Go-Set" national charts. Axiom travelled to UK but disbanded there in March 1971, Shorrock had also parted with his first wife of four years, Sue.
Shorrock remained in the UK to pursue his solo career, he signed with MAM Records and released the self-penned "Let's Get the Band Together" single in October 1971. This was followed by a cover of "Rock'n'Roll Lullaby" (written by Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil) in March 1972. As Andre L'Escargot and His Society Syncopaters, he released "Purple Umbrella" with his backing band being Quartet members Britten, Kevin Peek, Trevor Spencer and Alan Tarney. He joined the multinational progressive rock band Esperanto, which released their debut album "Esperanto Rock Orchestra" in 1973 with the Shorrock written track "Statue of Liberty". He left Esperanto before their third album was released in 1974 and performed backing vocals for Cliff Richard.
Little River Band.
Mississippi was an Australian rock band which was working in UK with Beeb Birtles on vocals and guitar, Graham Goble (later Graeham Goble) on guitar and vocals and Derek Pellicci on drums. They contacted Glenn Wheatley (former bass guitarist for The Masters Apprentices) to become their manager. Birtles, previously in Adelaide band Zoot, called Shorrock to take part in the line up. Shorrock returned to Australia in October 1974 and joined Mississippi in January 1975 in Melbourne. They were soon renamed as Little River Band with the original line up of Birtles, Goble, Pellicci, Shorrock and lead guitarist Ric Formosa and bassist Roger McLachlan. The group went on to become one of the most successful bands ever to come out of Australia, and the first to achieve major commercial success in the United States. For Little River Band, Shorrock wrote the hits "Emma", "Help Is on Its Way" (Australian No. 1) and "Cool Change".
While still a member of Little River Band, Shorrock released a solo single, a cover of Bobby Darin's 1959 hit "Dream Lover" in April 1979 on EMI, which peaked at No. 8 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. In February 1982, Shorrock left Little River Band and was replaced by former 1960s pop singer, John Farnham who was managed by Wheatley. Shorrock returned to Little River Band in 1988 but, despite several quality albums, they did not regain the earlier stellar recognition. He left again in 1991 leaving the naming rights with guitarist Stephen Housden. In May 2001 the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), as part of its 75th Anniversary celebrations, named "Cool Change", as one of the Top 30 Australian songs of all time.
Later solo career.
In 1982 Shorrock released a solo album "Villain of the Peace" and a single, "Rock and Roll Soldier" on Capitol Records recorded in Los Angeles with John Boylan (Charlie Daniels, Little River Band) producing. "Rock and Roll Soldier" reached the Australian top 40 in November but he did not achieve the international success attained with Little River Band. Late in 1982 he toured Australia and then teamed with Renée Geyer to release a duet, "Goin' Back" on Mushroom Records in February 1983. One of his backing singers was Wendy Matthews who had been a session singer in Los Angeles. "We're Coming to Get You", which peaked at No. 6 in October, was recorded with folk group, The Bushwackers it was the theme for the film, "We're Coming to Get You". He released "Don't Girls Get Lonely?" in November. In 1984, he recorded "Restless" for the documentary "World Safari II: The Final Adventure".
In 1985, Shorrock released "The First Twenty Years", which was a double-LP album compilation of his career work with tracks by The Twilights, Axiom, Little River Band and solo work. He was compere of Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) TV music series, "Rock Arena" in 1986 and as a breakfast announcer for radio station Magic 11 in Sydney. His solo single, "American Flyers" appeared in July. He performed on the tour of stage show "One for the Money" in 1986–87. He appeared in other stage shows including his own showcase productions "Go Cat Go" (1990–91) and "Two Up" (1996).
On 25 March 1991, Shorrock was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Hall of Fame, alongside contemporary rocker Billy Thorpe, bass-baritone Peter Dawson and jazz musician Don Burrows. In 1993, he re-joined with Axiom band mate, Brian Cadd, to record "Blazing Salads" and three singles for Blue Martin Records, and a subsequent two year tour. On tour Shorrock played his hit songs, along with those of Axiom accompanied by Cadd and a backing band of Rex Goh on guitar (ex-Air Supply), Kirk Lorange on guitar (Richard Clapton Band) and Mark Kennedy on drums (Spectrum, Ayers Rock, Marcia Hines Band).
"Long Way to the Top" was a 2001 ABC TV six-part documentary on the history of Australian rock and roll from 1956 to the modern era. Shorrock provided interviews, "In Awe of The Beatles", "Being Pop Stars" and "Coming from the UK", on his early years with The Twilights. Long Way to the Top Tour followed in August–September 2002 with Shorrock appearing with The Twilights in the first set performing "What's Wrong with the Way I Live?" and "Needle in a Haystack"; he returned in the second set with Axiom to perform "Arkansas Grass" and "Little Ray of Sunshine".
In 2002 Shorrock reunited with other Little River Band founders Beeb Birtles and Graeham Goble to form Birtles Shorrock Goble. On 17 October 2004, the 1970s members of Little River Band: Birtles, David Briggs, Goble, George McArdle, Derek Pellicci and Shorrock, were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame. The later members including fellow Australian, John Farnham, and US-based musicians, were not included in this induction. Due to a 2002 legal ruling on their right to use the band's name—two US-based members held the trademark—they performed "Help Is on the Way" as Classic Lineup of the Little River Band or Little River Band – Classic Lineup (sources vary). Birtles Shorrock Goble recorded a successful DVD and CD, "Full Circle" (2005) and toured until 2007. In August–September, the trio played a medley of Little River Band hits at the Countdown Spectacular 2 concert series. 
In 2005 Shorrock also undertook his career-spanning The Reminiscing Tour - Glenn Shorrock & Friends with invited guest singers including Doug Parkinson and Wendy Matthews. In May–June 2006, he partnered actress Judy Nunn on the first season of reality TV singing competition, "It Takes Two", they were voted off after week three. His first solo CD for seven years, "Meanwhile", which contains acoustic versions of his career hits was released in 2007 on the Liberation Blue label. He performed The Beatles tribute show "Let It Be" with Parkinson, Sharon O'Neill and Mark Williams.
In 2008 Shorrock toured with the musical "Shout! The Legend of the Wild One", based on the life of Australian rocker Johnny O'Keefe. In July 2010, Shorrock performed a retrospective of his 45 years in the music industry. Currently Glenn Shorrock continues to tour Australia performing for public and private events in Australia and promotes new local music artists. In early 2013 Glenn and his band were headlining performers in Macau, New York and London for the media launch of the Titanic II project. This was at the personal invitation of Australian entrepreneur Clive Palmer.

</doc>
<doc id="2905047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905047" title="Flour treatment agent">
Flour treatment agent

Flour treatment agents (also called improving agents, bread improvers, dough conditioners and dough improvers) are food additives combined with flour to improve baking functionality. Flour treatment agents are used to increase the speed of dough rising and to improve the strength and workability of the dough. While they are an important component of modern factory baking, some small-scale bakers reject them in favour of longer fermentation periods that produce greater depth of flavour.
There are wide ranges of these conditioners used in factory baking, which fall into four main categories: bleaching agents, oxidizing and reducing agents, enzymes, and emulsifiers. These agents are often sold as mixtures in a soy flour base, as only small amounts are required. 
Flour bleaching agents are added to flour to make it appear whiter (freshly milled flour is yellowish), to oxidize the surfaces of the flour grains, and help with developing of gluten.
Oxidizing agents are added to flour to help with gluten development. They may or may not also act as bleaching agents. Originally flour was naturally aged through exposure to the atmosphere. Oxidizing agents primarily affect sulfur-containing amino acids, ultimately helping to form disulfide bridges between the gluten molecules. The addition of these agents to flour will create a stronger dough. 
Common oxidizing agents are:
Reducing agents help to weaken the flour by breaking the protein network. This will help with various aspects of handling a strong dough. The benefits of adding these agents are reduced mixing time, reduced dough elasticity, reduced proofing time, and improved machinability. 
Common reducing agents are:
Enzymes are also used to improve processing characteristics. Yeast naturally produces both amylases and proteinases, but additional quantities may be added to produce faster and more complete reactions.
References.
Hui Y and Cork H (2006). Bakery products: science and technology. Blackwell Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="2905052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905052" title="New Barbuda Development Movement">
New Barbuda Development Movement

New Barbuda Development Movement is a political party in Barbuda, Antigua and Barbuda. NBDM was an off-shoot of the Antigua Labour Party. The party contested the March 1997 elections to the Barbuda Council, but won no seats (Barbuda People's Movement won all seats).[http://www.thecommonwealth.org/Templates/YearbookInternal.asp?NodeID=138031]
As of 2006 the party remained a valid party in Antigua and Barbuda.

</doc>
<doc id="2905053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905053" title="Acacia tetragonophylla">
Acacia tetragonophylla

Acacia tetragonophylla, commonly known as curara, kurara or dead finish, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia, it occurs on floodplains and along watercourses in arid and semi-arid areas throughout Western Australia, South Australia, southern Northern Territory, and east to near Charleville, Queensland and Brewarrina, New South Wales.
Curara grows as a tall shrub or small tree up to four metres high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are slender and needle-like, up to three centimetres long. When young they are soft and pliable, but as they mature they become hard, rigid and very sharp. The flowers are yellow, and held in spherical clusters. The pods are papery, up to eight centimetres long and about five millimetres wide.
Aboriginal people in Central Australia collect the seeds to make seedcakes. Its name in Pitjantjajara is "Wakalpuka".
"Acacia tetragonophylla" can be used to treat warts.
'A number of tetragonophylla phyllodes may be inserted into the wart, the main part then being broken off to leave the apices embedded in the wart. After four or five days the wart has shrivelled and may be removed easily.'

</doc>
<doc id="2905058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905058" title="Kurara">
Kurara

Kurara is a town and a nagar panchayat in Hamirpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Demographics.
Kurara is also known as a centre for Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP),Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and Gaytri Parivaar in Hamirpur District. Bhuiyan Rani Mandir is also situated at Jalokhar(Kurara). 
History.
It is said that Raja Hamirdev, King of Hamirpur had won a war at Kurara.In Holika-dahan day, A Vijay Pataka ( Jhanda) and A Rath of Lord Ram & Lakshamana are being transported from Ramlila Maidan to Jhanda Talab in remembrance of victory of King. 
Schools.
1.Saraswati shishu mandir Kurara
2.Jagannath Vidhya mandir Kurara
3.Shri Ram Krishna Mahavidyalaya
4.Sanskrita Mahavidhyalaya
5.Shri Bhuri Devi Mahila Mahavidhyalaya 
5.Shri Naubhara Mahavidhyalaya
6. Govt. High School
Famous places.
Kurara has many visitable places like Bhagat talab Temple, Mandi Mandir, Peeli Kothi, Hamnuman gadhhii. Bhagat talab temple is of Lord Hanuman. This temple is more than 200 years old. It has a very alluring pond near it. This temple is in the outskirts of the town, and this is a very good place for morning and evening walk.

</doc>
<doc id="2905071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905071" title="C. Howard Crane">
C. Howard Crane

Charles Howard Crane (August 13, 1885 in Hartford, Connecticut, USA – August 14, 1952 in London, England) was an American architect.
Biography.
Born in Hartford, Connecticut, Crane established a practice in Detroit, Michigan early in the 20th Century. Like Thomas W. Lamb and John Eberson, Crane specialized in the design of movie palaces in North America. Crane's career would include some 250 theaters in total, with 62 of them in the Detroit area. His 5174-seat Detroit Fox Theatre was the largest of the Fox Theatres. The 4,500 seat Fox Theatre in St. Louis was its slightly smaller architectural near twin. These were considered to have been his architectural masterpieces. Among the 5 massive Fox theatres, Crane also designed the Brooklyn Fox (4,088 seats, razed).
Crane was a genius at giving his venues great acoustics. Among his best theatres were Orchestra Hall (2,286 seats, temporarily renamed the Paradise Theatre), the former and once again home of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, and the Capitol Theatre (3,384 seats, and now the home of the Detroit Opera House and Michigan Opera Theatre).
Crane also designed Olympia Stadium (Detroit Olympia), which eventually had seating for 13,375 plus standing room for 3,300. Olympia, used by the Detroit Red Wings, was razed in 1987.
Crane also designed many office buildings. Most of his many downtown Detroit movie palaces had attached office towers that he designed (the Fox, United Artists, State, Capitol). However, Crane's office tower masterpiece is the 47 story 555 ft. tall LeVeque Tower in Columbus, Ohio.
Due to the 1929 Great Depression, Crane's theatre and office building commissions dried up. He became disillusioned and in 1930 moved to London, England, although he kept his Detroit office open for many years after moving. Crane designed many cinemas across Britain, but in much tamer designs than his American movie palaces.
Crane's most famous U.K. commission was Earls Court Exhibition Centre, an Art Moderne convention center that opened in 1937.
He returned to visit Detroit once or twice a year until World War II. He then remained in London, where he died and was buried in 1952. His namesake descendants (C. Howard Crane III, et al.) now live in the Detroit area.

</doc>
<doc id="2905073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905073" title="Alawa">
Alawa

The Alawa people are an Indigenous Australian people from the Northern Territory, Australia. They live in an area of abundant food resources i.e. turtles, ducks, crocodiles, and fish. In modern day the Alawa people are involved in ranching. Together with the Ngandji people they have claimed the Cox River block. The suburb of Alawa in the Darwin's north, is named in honour of the Alawa people.
The Alawa language had only 18 speakers in a report dated 1991 ("Ethnologue"). That number was reduced to 12 by 2013. The speakers of Alawa are mainly adults, and most Alawa speak Kriol, though there are Alawa language revival efforts at the Minyeri School in the Alawa community. 
References.
http://www.ethnologue.com/language/alh
See Also.
Alawa language
Alawa, Northern Territory

</doc>
<doc id="2905076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905076" title="Mercedes-Benz Fintail">
Mercedes-Benz Fintail

Mercedes Benz Fintail () is a nickname given to several Mercedes passenger vehicles produced from 1959 to 1968, which replaced the former Ponton series.
The styling, similar to other contemporary European and Japanese car models, referred to the US tailfin era, though in an attenuated variant. It included tail fins for aerodynamic stability, though never officially designated as such (they were designated "Peilstege" to facilitate parking, marking the end of the car in the rear-view mirror). The production series included:
The fintails were only insinuated on two-door coupé and cabriolet versions.

</doc>
<doc id="2905080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905080" title="Scicli">
Scicli

Scicli is a city in the Province of Ragusa in the south east of Sicily, Italy. It is from Ragusa, and from Palermo. Alongside seven other cities in the Val di Noto, it has been listed as one of UNESCO's World Heritage Sites.
History.
Settlements of the area of Scicli dates back to the Copper and Early Bronze Ages (3rd millennium BC to the 15th century BC).
Scicli was founded by the Sicels (whence probably the name) around 300 BCE. In the Middle Ages, like all of Sicily, Scicli was ruled by the Arabs, under whom it lived a flourishing period as agricultural and trade center, and then, after its conquest by Roger I of Hauteville in 1091, by the Normans. Scicli was one of the garrison which rebelled against the Angevine domination in the Sicilian Vespers (April 5, 1282). Following the various dynasties ruling the Kingdom of Sicily, it was an Aragonese-Spanish possession before being united in the Kingdom of Italy in the mid nineteenth century.
Following a catastrophic earthquake in 1693, much of the town was rebuilt in the Sicilian baroque style, which today gives the town the elegant appearance which draws many tourists to visit it.
Culture.
The city is also frequently used as a film set, most recently for Marco Bellocchio's "Il regista dei matrimoni" and is popular in Italy as the home of "Il Commissario Montalbano", the popular television series broadcast by RAI.
The city is also notable for its religious parades which includes "Presepe" (nativity scenes) enacted in the caves surrounding the city at Christmas time. These caves, known as the Chiarafura caves, were dug out in the tuff cliffs, and some were inhabited by the local poor as recently as 1958.
At Easter, the city celebrates with the "Uomo Vivo" parade which involves a long religious procession through the city. A decorated horse parade takes place in March, from Scicli to the neighbouring town of Donnalucata. The most spectacular religious festival, the "A Maronna i Milici" occurs in May, commemorating the appearance of the Madonna on a white horse holding aloft a sword. This encouraged the Christian Normans to defeat the Saracens in 1091.
The economy of the city is mostly agricultural, and the area is renowned for its many greenhouses producing the "" ("early fruits") that are exported all over Italy.
The city plays host to an annual road running race, Memorial Peppe Greco, which traces its route through the city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="2905083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905083" title="Bishopsgate Institute">
Bishopsgate Institute

Bishopsgate Institute is a cultural institute, located on Bishopsgate, London, near Liverpool Street station and Spitalfields market. The institute was established in 1895, and describes itself as a "home for ideas and debate, learning and enquiry and as a place where independent thought is cherished". It offers a cultural events programme, courses for adults, historic library and archive collections and community programme.
History.
The Grade II* listed building was the first of the three major buildings designed by architect Charles Harrison Townsend (1851–1928). The other two are the nearby Whitechapel Gallery and the Horniman Museum in South London. His work combined elements of the Arts and Crafts movement and Art Nouveau style, along with the typically Victorian.
Since opening on New Year's Day 1895, Bishopsgate Institute has been a centre for culture and learning. 
The original aims of the Institute were to provide a public library, public hall and meeting rooms for people living and working in the City of London. The Great Hall in particular was "erected for the benefit of the public to promote lectures, exhibitions and otherwise the advancement literature, science and the fine arts". 
Bishopsgate Institute was built using funds from charitable endowments made to the parish of St Botolph's, Bishopsgate. These had been collected by the parish for over a period of 500 years, but a scheme agreed by the Charity Commissioners in 1891, enabled these to be drawn together into one endowment. Reverend William Rogers (1819–1896), Rector of St Botolph's and a notable educational reformer and supporter of free libraries, was instrumental in setting up the Institute and ensuring that the original charitable aims were met.
Bishopsgate Library.
Bishopsgate Library is a free, independent library, open every weekday. 
Bishopsgate Library holds important historical collections about London, the labour movement, free thought and cooperative movements, as well as the history of protest and campaigning. 
The archive at the Bishopsgate Library holds over 20,000 images in three collections – The London & Middlesex Archaeological Society (LAMAS) Glass Slide Collection, the London Co-operative Society and the London Collection Digital Photographs. They have recently shared some of their images from LAMAS in 1977 on Historypin. This collection contains images of many of London’s famous landmarks, including churches, statues, open spaces and buildings, as well as images showing social and cultural scenes from the early 20th century.
Its librarian between 1897 and 1941 was Charles Goss, who argued against the trend to create open access libraries and innovated descriptive cataloguing to improve closed access discovery. His papers are held at the institute's archive. He established their special collections in London history, labour history, free-thought and humanism.
Cultural events.
Bishopsgate Institute programmes a range of cultural events throughout the year. Many of these are inspired by Bishopsgate Library's historical and radical library and archive collections. They include a range of talks, walks and debates, as well as free lunchtime concerts in the historic Great Hall.
Past talks and debates at Bishopsgate Institute have included:
Popular talks are also available as podcasts.
Courses for Adults.
Bishopsgate Institute offers a full programme of courses for adults. All courses have been developed for complete newcomers, and there are advanced levels in many of these subjects too. The classes run during lunch times and afternoons, and after work. Subjects typically include: 
Arts and Culture: Practical Photography, Wine Tasting, Art History and Appreciation, Sketching, Walking Tours, Introductions to Classical Music and Film History
Words and Ideas: Creative Writing, Scriptwriting, Philosophy and Intensive Public Speaking
Languages: French, Spanish, Italian, German, Japanese, Chinese Mandarin and Russian
Performing arts: Salsa, Flamenco, Tango, Ballroom, Rock and Roll/Jive, Acting and Singing
Body and exercise: Pilates, Yoga and Meditation
Hall and room hire.
Bishopsgate Institute has meeting space available for hire, including the Great Hall. These can host meetings, events or training sessions.
Supporting the local community.
Bishopsgate Institute runs a programme dedicated to supporting people in the local community. It does this by focusing on two main areas of activity:
A pensioners club which provides monthly lunches, regular outings and a quarterly top-up pension to a group of 55 local residents
A grant award scheme which is open to local organisations who help people in need, hardship or distress and who have resided or worked in the parishes of St. Botolph’s Bishopsgate, Christchurch Spitalfields and St. Leonard’s Shoreditch

</doc>
<doc id="2905085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905085" title="CyKey">
CyKey

CyKey (pronounced "sai-ki" or "psyche") is a one-handed chorded keyboard, catering to both left- and right-handed users. It features nine keys, grouped into three sets of three.
CyKey was introduced in 1996 by Bellaire Electronics. It was a follow-on to the Microwriter, meant to be used with personal computers and Palm PDAs. It was named after Cy Endfield, co-inventor of the Microwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="2905090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905090" title="Great Southern Rail Trail">
Great Southern Rail Trail

The Great Southern Rail Trail is a Rail trail from Leongatha to Toora in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The trail is about 58 km long and travels through open farmland, before passing through the Hoddle range to Foster. , there is a 3 km section between Koonwarra and Meeniyan where trail users are diverted onto the nearby South Gippsland Highway. This section, containing three dilapidated trestle bridges, remains incomplete, with a feasibility study being undertaken to investigate whether restoration is possible.
The trail is being progressively extended, and may eventually reach Yarram.
The trail is well maintained with a surface of compacted gravel. Koalas and wallabies can often be seen from the trail particularly in the early mornings and evenings.
The original South Gippsland line opened in 1892, joining Dandenong to Port Albert, with a later extension to Woodside and branch lines to Strzelecki, Outtrim and Wonthaggi. The railway was important for settlement and development of the area, providing transport for forestry and dairy products to Melbourne. The line was closed to trains in 1992, a century (100 years) after opening.

</doc>
<doc id="2905093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905093" title="Christ the King Graceland Independent Anglican Church of Canada">
Christ the King Graceland Independent Anglican Church of Canada

Christ the King Graceland Independent Anglican Church of Canada is an independent Anglican parish in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada, under the leadership of Archbishop Dorian Baxter, aka "Elvis Priestley", who presides over traditional services based primarily on the Book of Common Prayer. Services are held weekly in the local Royal Canadian Legion hall at 707 Srigley Street and the Eucharist is celebrated on the second and fourth Sunday of each month. Everyone is welcome as the congregation enthusiastically and steadfastly is committed to the pursuit of the parish mission statement: "To know Christ and to make Him known"

</doc>
<doc id="2905096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905096" title="Acacia subtessarogona">
Acacia subtessarogona

Acacia subtessarogona, commonly known as spreading gidgee, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs only in a small area of the Gascoyne River catchment near Carnarvon.
Spreading gidgee grows as an upright tree to seven metres high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are flat, curved, and about eleven centimetres long. The flowers are yellow. The pods are between six and twelve centimetres in length, and have a distinctive groove along each edge.

</doc>
<doc id="2905107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905107" title="George Morikami">
George Morikami

George Sukeji Morikami (1887–1976) was a Japanese immigrant to the United States who farmed in Palm Beach County, Florida for more than 65 years. He donated his 200 acres (80 hectares) of farm land to Palm Beach County in 1973.
George Morikami was born in Miyazu, Japan. He was 19 years old when he emigrated to the United States in 1906 to join the Yamato Colony, a Japanese farming community in what is now Boca Raton, Florida. In return for his passage to America and spending money, George Morikami was indentured for three years. He was to receive $500 and some land at the end of the three years. He intended to take the money and return to Japan. However, Morikami's sponsor died in 1906, and he did not receive any cash or land, and was unable to return to Japan.
Although the Yamato Colony ultimately failed, George Morikami stayed on and eventually prospered. He and other remaining Yamato colonists had their land seized by the United States as the U.S. entered World War II, when their land was taken to create an Army Air Corps training base (see also: Boca Raton Airport). Near the end of the war, George Morikami bought land in Delray Beach, Florida, and farmed it for almost thirty years.
He died at age 89 in 1976, a year after the groundbreaking for Morikami Park, a county park built on the land he donated to Palm Beach County. His ashes were eventually returned to Miyazu. There is a monument to him in the Japanese gardens in the park. Delray Beach is a sister city to Miyazu in honor of George Morikami.

</doc>
<doc id="2905113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905113" title="British National Formulary for Children">
British National Formulary for Children

The British National Formulary for Children (BNFC) is the standard UK paediatric reference for prescribing and pharmacology, among others indications, side effects and costs of the prescription of all medication drugs available on the National Health Service.
The BNFC is jointly published annually by the British Medical Association, the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, and the Neonatal and Paediatric Pharmacists Group.
The latest edition, BNFC 2014-2015, is the tenth edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2905117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905117" title="Carl Gustav Jablonsky">
Carl Gustav Jablonsky

Carl Gustav Jablonsky (* 1756; † 25 May 1787) was a Berlin naturalist, entomologist and illustrator. He was also the private secretary to the Queen of Prussia, Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel-Bevern. 
Jablonsky's "Natursystem" is one of the first attempts at a complete survey of the order Coleoptera.
Works.
With Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst, "Natursystem aller bekannten in- und ausländischen Insecten, als eine Fortzetsung der von Büffonschen Naturgeschichte. Nach dem System des Ritters Carl von Linné bearbeitet: Käfer"

</doc>
<doc id="2905119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905119" title="Paul Morgan (engineer)">
Paul Morgan (engineer)

Paul John Morgan (12 July 1948 - 12 May 2001) was a British engineer who co-founded Ilmor Engineering with Mario Illien in 1983. Ilmor had major successes providing engines for motorsport and won three Queen's Awards for Export Achievement. He was killed in a plane crash at Sywell, Northamptonshire on 12 May 2001.
Morgan was an engineer at Cosworth from 1970 to 1983. In 1983 he left Cosworth to form Ilmor with fellow engineer Mario Illien. Ilmor was set up with backing from Roger Penske and achieved its first race win powering Mario Andretti's Lola at the Long Beach Grand Prix. In 1989 Morgan and Illien decided to enter Formula One. 
Paul Morgan was killed instantly when his Hawker Sea Fury over-turned on landing. David Coulthard won the Austrian Grand Prix the day after Morgan's death in a Mercedes-Ilmor powered McLaren. Coulthard refused to participate in the traditional champagne celebration as a mark of respect.
Morgan's widow reduced her shareholding of Ilmor in 2002, selling 10% to DaimlerChrysler. In 2005 DaimlerChrysler acquired all the remaining shares from Mrs. Morgan, Mario Illien and Roger Penske.

</doc>
<doc id="2905140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905140" title="Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg">
Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg

Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg (; 2 October 1800 – 5 April 1852) was a Bohemian nobleman and an Austrian statesman who restored the Habsburg Empire as a European great power following the Revolutions of 1848. He served as Minister-President of the Austrian Empire and Foreign Minister of the Austrian Empire from 1848 to 1852.
Life.
Felix was born at Český Krumlov Castle () in Bohemia, the second son of Prince Joseph of Schwarzenberg (1769–1833) and his wife Pauline of Arenberg. The House of Schwarzenberg was one of the most influential Bohemian noble families; his elder brother Prince Johann Adolf II of Schwarzenberg later initiated the building of the Emperor Franz Joseph Railway line from Vienna to Plzeň (Pilsen), while Felix' younger brother Frederick became Archbishop of Salzburg in 1835 and Archbishop of Prague in 1849.
The nephew of Prince Karl Philipp of Schwarzenberg (1771–1820), commander of the Austrian armies in the last phases of the Napoleonic wars, Schwarzenberg after a short military interlude entered the diplomatic service, where he became a protégé of State Chancellor Prince Klemens von Metternich and served in several Austrian embassies at Saint Petersburg, London, Paris, Turin, and Naples. During his time as a London attaché in 1828 he had an affair with Jane Digby, whom he deserted after causing her husband to divorce her, and making her pregnant. This episode led to the nickname of "Prince of Cadland" being applied to him in London.
Upon the outbreak of the 1848 Revolutions, he rushed to the Austrian Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia to join Field Marshal Joseph Radetzky defeating the Italian rebel forces of King Charles Albert of Sardinia in Milan. For his role as a close advisor to Radetzky, as well as his status as brother-in-law to Marshal Prince Alfred of Windisch-Grätz, who had suppressed the Czech "Whitsun Riot" in Prague and the Vienna Uprising in October, Schwarzenberg was appointed Austrian minister-president—the sixth within a year—and foreign minister on 21 November 1848. In these offices, which he both held until his premature death, his first step was to secure the replacement of incapacitated Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria by his nephew Francis Joseph. After heir presumptive Archduke Franz Karl had renounced the succession, Ferdinand abdicated in Olomouc on December 2.
Schwarzenberg formed a new government with conservative politicians like Interior Minister Count Franz von Stadion but also liberal allies like Baron Alexander von Bach, Karl Ludwig von Bruck and Anton von Schmerling as well as the Bohemian federalist Education Minister Count Leopold von Thun und Hohenstein. Learning from Metternich's fate, Schwarzenberg was determined not only to fight, but overcome revolution. Against the perceptions in the Frankfurt Parliament concerning the German question, he advocated the idea of an Austrian-German federation, including all Austrian crown lands in and outside the German Confederation. He delegetimized the Frankfurt assembly by recalling the Austrian delegates and preempted the federalist ideas of the Austrian Kremsier Parliament with the promulgation of the March Constitution in 1849.
Together with the new Emperor, Schwarzenberg called in the Imperial Russian Army to help suppress the Hungarian revolt, and thus give Austria free rein to attempt to thwart Prussia's drive to dominate Germany. He undid democratic reforms and re-established monarchist control in Austria, with the 1849 March Constitution that transformed the Habsburg Empire into a unitary, centralized state. In matters of German dualism, he was able to impose the Punctation of Olmütz on Prussia, forcing it to abandon, for the moment, its plan of unifying Germany under its own auspices, and to acquiesce in the reformation of the old German Confederation. At the same time his government initiated substantial administrative, juridical and educational reforms.
Schwarzenberg died in office at Vienna, suffering a stroke in the early evening of 5 April 1852.
Legacy.
Schwarzenberg was widely respected in Europe as an able statesman, although not much trusted, even by his emperor. His own statement following the Russian intervention in Hungary that Austria would "shock the world by the depth of its ingratitude" later realised in the Crimean War, which may have played a part in this. Varying between the ideas of constitutionalism and the revival of an absolute monarchy, he neither gained the support of liberal nor of conservative circles. However, the early death of the "Austrian Bismarck" has generally been seen by historians as a grave setback to Austria, as none of his successors possessed his stature or skill.
The honorary citizenship of Budapest bestowed on Schwarzenberg during his lifetime was officially revoked in 2011 by the local government under Mayor István Tarlós.

</doc>
<doc id="2905141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905141" title="Mercedes-Benz W111">
Mercedes-Benz W111

The Mercedes-Benz W111 was a chassis code given to its top-range vehicles, including 4-door sedans, produced from 1959 to 1968, and 2-door coupes and cabriolets from 1961 to 1971. The W111, was initially attributed only to 6-cylinder cars with 2.2-litre engines. The luxury version with big-block 3-litre engines were given the chassis code W112. The entry-level vehicles with 4-cylinder engines were called W110. All three versions W110, W111, and W112, in both 2- and 4-door bodies, were built on an identical chassis.
Design History.
Mercedes-Benz emerged from World War II as an automaker in the early 1950s with the expensive 300 "Adenauers" and the 300SL roadsters that gained it fame, but it was the simple unibody Pontons that were the volume models.
Work on replacing these cars began in 1956, and the design focused on passenger comfort and safety. The basic Ponton cabin was widened and squared off, with larger glass area improving driver visibility. A milestone in car design were front and rear crumple zones that would absorb kinetic energy from impact. The automaker also patented retractable seatbelts. 
The exterior was designed for the European and North American markets. The body was modern and featured characteristic tailfins that gave the models their nickname — the fintail ().
Production history.
The sedan.
Series production of the 4-door sedan began in August 1959, and the car was premiered at the Frankfurt Auto Show in autumn. Initially the series consisted of three models the 220b, 220Sb, and the 220SEb. These replaced the 219 W105, the 220S W180 and the 220SE W128 Ponton sedans respectively. The 220b was seen as a budget version lacking the extra chrome trims on the exterior, and having more simple wheel hub caps, interior trim and lacking pockets on doors. The prices for the three cars was 16,750, 18,500 and 20,500 in Deutsche Mark respectively. Production ratio was roughly at a rate of 1:2:1.
Powering the three cars was an identical 2195 cc straight-six engine, carried over from the previous generation, producing at 4800 rpm, and capable of accelerating the heavy car to 160 km/h (155 if fitted with optional automatic gearbox). The engine of the 220Sb with twin carburettors, produced at 5000 rpm and raised the top speed to () and improved the 0–100 km/h acceleration to 15 seconds (16 on the 220b). The top range 220SEb featured Bosch fuel injection producing at 4800 rpm, with top speed of ( for auto) and a 0–100 km/h in 14 seconds.
In 1961, the fintail range was filled with three new models, a simplified 4-cylinder W110, an identical, but fitted with a big-block 3-litre engine W112, and a 2-door coupe/cabriolet of the W111/W112 (see below). Though never attributed as part of the fintail family, the Mercedes-Benz W113 "Pagoda" roadster was designed as an identical modernisation of the 190SL Ponton, and came about in 1963.
In summer 1965, production was terminated in launch of the new Mercedes-Benz W108 sedan. A total production of each was: 220b - 69,691, 220Sb - 161,119, and 220SEb - 65,886. Earlier in May, Mercedes-Benz gave its budget-range W110 cars a major facelift and in doing so opted to continue producing the W111 as a new model 230S. Previously the W110 was separate in terms of marketing and was classed as a 4 instead of 6-cylinder, 1965 turned that around. Despite their visual differences the cars were practically identical in terms of chassis and drivetrain. In 1965 the W110 was equipped with a six-cylinder engine, creating the model 230. The 230S, became a flagship model of the Mercedes mid-range cars (predecessors to today's E-class).
The 230S was visually identical to the 220S, with a modernised 2306 cm3 M180 engine with twin Zenith carburettors producing at 5400 rpm. Top speed ( on auto), acceleration 13 seconds (15 on auto). In this final configuration a total of 41,107 cars were built through January 1968, when the last of 4-door fintails left the production line. Between 1959 and 1968 a total of 337,803 W111s were built.
The two-door.
Design of a replacement for the two-door Pontons began in 1957, as most of the chassis and drivetrain were to be unified with the sedan, the scope was focused on the exterior styling. Some of the mockups and prototypes show that Mercedes-Benz attempted to give the two-door car a front styling almost identical to what would be realised in the Pagoda roadster, but ultimately favoured the work of engineer Paul Bracq. The rear bodywork however, persisted, and thus, though officially still called a "fintail" the rear end design had no chrome fin highlights.
Production began in late 1960, and in February of the next year the coupe was premiered in Stuttgart for the 75th anniversary of the opening of Mercedes-Benz Museum. The convertible followed at the Frankfurt Auto Show a few months later; the car was almost identical to the coupe, with the soft-top roof folded into a recess behind the rear seat and covered by a tightly fitting bag. Unlike the previous generation of two-door ponton series, there was only one model for the 2-door vehicle, the 220SE on both versions, with the identical M127 2195 cc engine. Prices in 1962 were 32,500 for the coupe and 36,000 NLG for the cabriolet. Options included a sliding sunroof for the coupe, automatic transmission, power steering, and individual rear seats.
In March 1962, Mercedes-Benz released the almost identical two-door 300SE. However, due to marketing reasons, this car, like its sedan stablemate, was kept apart from the 220SE, and had its own chassis number W112, which envisioned it as a successor to the W187 300S two-door series, rather than the Ponton range. The car was featured with a chrome strip, air suspension and Daimler's top-range 2996 cm3 M189 engine. For prices of 45,000 and 48,500 for the hard and soft roofs respectively, this vehicle remained split from the rest of the W111 family.
In summer of 1965 Mercedes-Benz launched its new replacements for both W111 and W112 sedans, the W108 and W109 respectively. In an ironic twist of fate, this car's design was based on the "fintail" W111 coupe, but widened and squared off, as the fintail fashion was quickly eroding by the mid 1960s. Design work on a future new chassis that would fully replace the Ponton-derivatives which both W111/W112 and W108/W109 were, was well under way (the concept car of the first S-Class was shown in 1967). Given these two facts, Daimler did not develop a W108/W109 two-door vehicle at all and continued production of the W111/W112. However both models were modernised; the 220SE was superseded in early autumn by the 250SE which featured the new 2496 cm3 M129 engine, producing at 5500 rpm, which gave it a significant improvement in top speed, ( on auto), and 0–100 km/h acceleration 12 seconds (14 on auto). Visibly the changes only affected the new 14-inch rims with new hub cabs and beauty rings; this was to accommodate the larger disk brakes and the new rear axle from the W108 family.
In November 1967, the 250SE was superseded by the new 280SE. The new M130 engine had 2778 cubic centimetres volume, and output at 5500 rpm. Top speed was hardly affected, the acceleration though improved to 10.5 seconds (13 on auto). Inside the car received a wood veneer option on the dashboard and other minor changes including door lock buttons and different heater levers. The hubcaps were changed yet again to a new one piece design and the design of the exterior mirror changed. The 300SE, based on early 1950s M189, was also retired. The modern 280SE could outperform the 300SE despite the smaller engine.
The coupe and cabriolet was back to a single model until its replacement, the new-generation chassis in 1968.
A final model was added in August 1969 the 280SE 3.5. The car was fitted with the brand-new M116 3499 cc V8 engine with at 5800 rpm, a top speed of ( on auto) and a 0-100 at 9,5 seconds (11,5 on auto). To accommodate the large engine, the car's front grille was widened and front and rear bumpers were modified with the addition of rubber strips. The rear lenses changed to a flatter cleaner design. This change was carried across the standard 280SE. Some view this car as an ideological successor to the W112 300SE, though it lacked the air suspension.
There were plans to place the larger M117 V8 engine on the W111 (the model would have been called 280SE 4.5).
The last 280SE was produced in January 1971, with the 280SE 3.5 ending in July. The total production over the decade was: 220SEb - 16,902, 250SE - 6,213, 280SE - 5,187, and 280SE 3.5 - 4,502 units. Not including 3,127 W112 300SE models, the grand total of 2-door W111 models was 32,804 of which 7,456 were convertibles.
The replacement for the 2-doors models was the C107 "SLC", focusing on compact sportiness. Moreover for nearly two-decades the convertible would disappear from Mercedes-Benz's lineup altogether (only in 1992 will Daimler launch the A124).

</doc>
<doc id="2905144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905144" title="Podpraporshchik">
Podpraporshchik

Podpraporshchik (Sub-Praporshchik or Junior-praporshchik) was a Russian non-commissioned rank, originally below the Sergeant and Feldwebel. From 1826 to 1884 it became the highest non-commissioned rank of the infantry, cavalry, and Leib Guard. From 1884, podpraporshchik ranked below the newly introduced NCO-grade Zauryad-praporshchik (Deputy Ensign).

</doc>
<doc id="2905150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905150" title="Acacia sclerosperma">
Acacia sclerosperma

Acacia sclerosperma, commonly known as limestone wattle or silver bark wattle, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs on floodplains and along water-courses throughout the arid north-west corner of the State.
Limestone wattle grows as a spreading, tall shrub up to four metres high and six metres wide. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are bright green, oval in cross-section, and may be up to seven centimetres long. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters about five millimetres in diameter. The pods are up to 14 centimetres long, with constrictions between the seeds.centimetres wide.
There are two subspecies: "Acacia sclerosperma" subsp. "sclerosperma" and "Acacia sclerosperma" subsp. "glaucescens". The latter is commonly known as billy blue, and is currently considered under threat, though not yet endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="2905151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905151" title="The Suntones">
The Suntones

The Suntones were a barbershop quartet from Miami, Florida, USA, and the 1961 SPEBSQSA international champions. At the time it won gold, the quartet featured Gene Cokeroft as tenor, Bob Franklin as lead, Harlan Wilson as baritone, and Bill Cain as bass.
The Suntones are notable among the barbershop community because they were one of the first quartets to perform show tunes and make use of hand-held microphones.
History.
After winning the 1961 SPEBSQSA championship, the Suntones became more active touring, performing and recording. In 1966, Jackie Gleason moved his popular TV variety show to Miami and hired the Suntones to sing both as a barbershop quartet and as backing singers. 
In addition to barbershop standards, the Suntones introduced many contemporary songs into their performances including medleys of songs from broadway musicals ("West Side Story", "Fiddler on the Roof", "The Sound of Music", etc.) arranged by Walter Latzko. 
In 1979, Bob Franklin left the group, and Drayton Justus became the new lead singer. The group's "final" performance was in early 1985 in Montclair, New Jersey, during a special tribute to arranger Walter Latzko. Bill Cain died in 2004, but Franklin later returned to join Cokeroft, Harlan Wilson, and Todd Wilson (Harlan's son) on bass for limited performances.
Discography.
Studio recordings.
Originally released on Sunrise Records: 

</doc>
<doc id="2905152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905152" title="Car Music Project">
Car Music Project

The Car Music Project is both the name of a project and the name of a band conceived and led by American composer Bill Milbrodt. The band, a live performance and recording ensemble, is part of the project.
The Project.
The project began in 1995 as an attempt by Milbrodt to "turn a car into music that can be expressed in written form and, therefore, performed and interpreted by more than one musician or group of musicians." More specifically, Milbrodt wanted playable musical instruments created from his own car, and wanted them to represent the four instrument families of the traditional orchestra: winds, brass, percussion, and strings. To accomplish his goal, he hired professional auto mechanics to disassemble his car, and commissioned metal sculptor Ray Faunce III to create a series of playable musical instruments from the car's parts. Faunce worked with a team that included musicians, an engineer, a physicist, a glass cutter, and others to create a series of instruments, which were given names like Convertibles and Tube Flutes (winds), Strutbone and Exhaustaphone (brass), Percarsion (percussion, of course), and Tank Bass and Air Guitar (strings).
The band.
The band in its present form as an ongoing ensemble called the "Car Music Project" was started by Milbrodt in early 2005. (Previously, Milbrodt and individual members of the current ensemble had performed in an ad hoc fashion, pulling the musicians together for rehearsal when the need arose.) The members of the Car Music Project include Eric Haltmeier on reed and non-reed instruments classified as "winds", James Spotto on instruments classified as "brass", William Trigg on Percarsion, and Wilbo Wright and Milbrodt on strings. The band's leader and composer is Milbrodt. The Car Music Project performed several concerts in 2005, culminating with a performance at the Philadelphia Live Arts & Fringe Festival. The band appeared at Lincoln Center Out of Doors on August 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2905157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905157" title="Forkhill">
Forkhill

Forkhill or Forkill () is a small village and civil parish in south County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is within the Ring of Gullion. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 366.
The name is pronounced either or and comes from the Irish "foirceal", meaning "trough" or "hollow". This may refer to the village's position on flat land between the large hills of Tievecrom (to the east) and Croslieve (to the west).
History.
Development.
A £550,000 community project comprising retail/office units and a light industrial unit was developed by Forkhill and District Development Association and funded by the "Community Regeneration and Improvement Special Programme" (CRISP). It opened in May 2004. With the British Army's demilitarization of South Armagh, the site of the old Army barracks is earmarked for future developments.
Sport.
Forkhill is the home of Forkhill Peadar Ó Doirnín GAC, which is one of the oldest clubs in Armagh GAA, having been founded in 1888. It currently plays Gaelic football at Junior level. Its name commemorates the 18th-century poet Peadar Ó Doirnín.

</doc>
<doc id="2905158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905158" title="Sonorism">
Sonorism

Sonorism is an approach to musical composition that focuses on the characteristics and qualities of sound—timbre, texture, articulation, dynamics, and movement—to create form. It is primarily associated with an unconventional and experimental musical movement which arose in Poland in the mid 1950s and flourished through the 1960s. Sonorism emphasizes discovering new types of sounds from traditional instruments, as well as the creation of textures by combining different, often unconventional instrumental sounds in unusual and unique ways. The term "sonoristics" is used to describe this novel approach, which went beyond merely injecting individual color, quirks, and experimentation. It aimed to establish new structural functions in a composition, such as employing non-functional chords for sonorous effects, and emphasizing the sonic aspect of texts in vocal music (Granat 2001).
In sonorism the form-creating element highlighted was the same wording, usually extracted from traditional instruments of non-traditional sounds, e.g., scraping, creaking and thumping on the box of a cello. This trend was started by Krzysztof Penderecki's "Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima" and his First String Quartet, both composed in 1960. It was followed and developed by Henryk Górecki ("Genesis I", "II", "Choros I"), Wojciech Kilar ("RIFF 62", "Generique"), Kazimierz Serocki (symphonic frescoes), Andrzej Dobrowolski, Zbigniew Rudzinski. Witold Szalonek (including "Les sons") distinguished himself by exceptionally revelatory approach to wind instruments, which developed such technique of playing multiple stops (the sounds combined—in the oboe there are about 160). Choral music was the most original contribution Andrzej Koszewski. The youngest Polish sonorist was Krzysztof Meyer (first string quartets and symphonies).
In sonorist works there is no melody, rhythm, or harmony in the traditional sense of those terms—instead, different types of sounds deprioritize or assume those roles. Timbres, textures, and dynamics determine changes in a work's form; this becomes the primary way to develop the dramatic shape of a piece. Two types of conduct forms are common in sonoristic works:
Sonorist works are often accused of being merely "catalogs of effects". In fact, arose during the period, which you later composers as "experimental". Of the measures developed in later years to compose a much more complex work, closer to traditional symphonic or chamber music, which is exemplified above all by Penderecki's St. Luke Passion.
As a movement, sonorism was initiated in the 1950s in the avant-garde of Polish music (Garnat 2001, §i).
Other notable sonorist composers.
Non-Polish composers using similar techniques include:

</doc>
<doc id="2905167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905167" title="Kilarrow Parish Church">
Kilarrow Parish Church

Kilarrow Church () is a Church of Scotland parish church, overlooking and serving Bowmore on the Isle of Islay.
The "Round Church", as it is often known, was built in 1767. It has a highly unusual circular design, copied by some churches built in the 1960s. It has been suggested that the circular design was intended to ensure that there were no corners in which the devil could hide. The roof is supported by a single massive central pillar.
The Church also contains some artifacts belonging to the Bowmore-born Rev Donald Caskie (1902-1983), former minister of The Scots Kirk, Paris and notable as the "Tartan Pimpernel" for aiding over 2,000 Allied servicemen in their escape from occupied France. 
The linked parishes of Kilarrow and Kilmeny are vacant following a reallocation of Ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="2905175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905175" title="Paris sewers">
Paris sewers

The Parisian sewer system dates back to the year 1370 when the first underground system was constructed under "rue Montmartre". Since then, consecutive French governments have enlarged the system to cover the city's population.
History.
Until the Middle Ages, the drinking water in Paris was taken from the river Seine. The wastewater was poured onto fields or unpaved streets, and finally filtered back into the Seine.
Around 1200, Phillipe Auguste had the Parisian streets paved, incorporating a drain for waste water in their middle. 
In 1370 Hugues Aubriot, a Parisian provost had a vaulted, stone walled sewer built in the "rue Montmartre". This sewer collected the wastewater and took it to the "Ménilmontant" brook. However the wastewater was still drained in the open air.
Under the reign of Louis XIV, a large ring sewer was built on the right bank, and the Biévre River was used as a sewer for the left bank of the Seine. On at least two occasions in the late 1700s, Paris refused to build an updated water system that scientists had studied. Women were actually carrying water from the river Seine to their residences in buckets. Voltaire wrote about it, saying that they "will not begrudge money for a Comic Opera, but will complain about building aqueducts worthy of Augustus". Louis Pasteur himself lost three children to typhoid. Under Napoleon I, the first Parisian vaulted sewer network was built that was 30 km long. 
In 1855, as a part of his plan to improve the sanitation and traffic circulation in Paris, Napoleon III ordered the construction of new boulevards, aqueducts and sewers. His prefect for the Seine, Baron Haussmann, and the engineer Eugène Belgrand, designed the present Parisian sewer and water supply networks. Thus was built, more than a century ago, a double water supply network (one for drinking water and one for non drinking water) and a sewer network which was 600 km long in 1878.
From Belgrand to the present.
Belgrand's successors went on extending the Parisian network: from 1914 to 1977, more than 1000 km of new sewers were built.
At the end of World War I, the 50 km² of sewage fields were no longer sufficient to protect the Seine. A general sewage treatment programme, designed to meet the needs for 50 years, was drawn up and became state-approved in 1935: this was the beginning of industrial sewage treatment.
The aim was to carry all the Parisian wastewater to the Achères treatment plant using a network of effluent channels. Since then, the Achères plant has continued to grow. At the end of 1970, it was one of the biggest sewage treatment plants in Europe. Its actual capacity is more than 2 million cubic metres per day.
This programme has been gradually upgraded: modernization of the Achères and Noisy-le-Grand (a small station farther upstream) facilities, construction of a new plant at Valenton, and expansion of the Colombes experimental station.
Modernization now and in the future.
The aims of the modernization programme launched by the Mayor of Paris in 1991 were: to protect the Seine from storm overflow pollution by reducing the amount of untreated water discharged directly into the Seine, to reinforce the existing sewers, to enable the network to function better.
This project, which is costing an estimated 152 million euros over the first 5 years, will include:
No other city in the world has a sewer network like the one found in Paris. It now has 2,100 kilometres of tunnels. It houses, in addition to the drinking and non drinking water mains, telecommunication cables, pneumatic cables and traffic light management cables.
Every day, 1.2 million cubic metres of wastewater have to be collected. Every year, 15,000 cubic metres of solid waste are taken out and disposed of.
The sewer in fictional stories.
The sewer system is described in Victor Hugo's 1862 novel, "Les Misérables" (Part 5, "Jean Valjean"; Book II, "The Intestine of the Leviathan", ch.1, "The Land Impoverished by the Sea"): "...Paris has another Paris under herself; a Paris of sewers; which has its streets, its crossings, its squares, its blind alleys, its arteries, and its circulation, which is slime, minus the human form."
Le Fantôme de l'Opéra (English: "The Phantom of the Opera") is a novel by French writer Gaston Leroux. It was first published as a serialisation, in "Le Gaulois", from September 23, 1909 to January 8, 1910.
The sewer system plays a key part in H. L. Humes' 1958 novel, "The Underground City". Humes, an American novelist, was a cofounder of The "Paris Review".
Museum.
Le Musée des Égouts de Paris, or the Paris Sewer Museum, is dedicated to the sewer system of Paris. Tours of the sewage system have been popular since the 1800s and are currently conducted at the sewers. Visitors are able to walk upon raised walkways directly above the sewage itself. The entrance is near the Pont de l'Alma.
(coordinates: ).
References.
Donald Reid, "Paris Sewers and Sewermen: Realities and Representations", Harvard Univ. Press

</doc>
<doc id="2905178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905178" title="And She Closed Her Eyes">
And She Closed Her Eyes

And She Closed Her Eyes is the second album from Swedish singer-songwriter Stina Nordenstam. This album gave her a larger audience when the song "Little Star" produced by Kent (Gillström) Isaacs, was featured in Baz Luhrmann's 1996 film, "Romeo + Juliet".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Stina Nordenstam

</doc>
<doc id="2905181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905181" title="Type C3 submarine">
Type C3 submarine

Type C3 submarines were operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy, designed and built by Mitsubishi Corporation, between 1943 and 1944, as cargo carriers.
The Japanese constructed only three of these during World War II ("I-52", "I-53" and "I-55"), although twenty were planned. They were among the largest submarines ever built to date, and were known as the most advanced submarines of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="2905188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905188" title="Acacia quadrimarginea">
Acacia quadrimarginea

Acacia quadrimarginea, commonly known as granite wattle or spreading wattle, is a tree in the family Mimosaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs through arid south-central Western Australia. It is common on granite, but also occurs on sand and clay, and is often seen along creeklines in rocky hills.
Granite wattle grows as a small tree up to six metres high, and often wider than it is high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are green with a faint red margin, up to ten centimetres long, and slightly curved. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters. The pods are four sided and thick, up to fifteen centimetres long.

</doc>
<doc id="2905189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905189" title="Lochmaddy">
Lochmaddy

Lochmaddy (Scottish Gaelic: Loch nam Madadh, "Loch of the Hounds") is the administrative centre of North Uist in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. "Na Madaidhean" (the wolves/hounds) are rocks in the bay after which the loch, and subsequently the village, are named. 
Lochmaddy sits at the end of a sea inlet ("tairbeart") and, due to the rocky nature, is the only settlement of any size on the east coast — far from the villages in the more populous west of North Uist.
Virtually the first mention anywhere of Lochmaddy is a complaint of "piracie and murder" in a report dated 1616: "Lochmaldie on the coast of Uist is a rendezvous for pirates" it said. The coves and inlets characterising the area around the village were ideal hiding places for raiding ships stocked with fine goods bound for the clan chiefs of the time, and contraband activity persisted until the modern era.
Nowadays the same good harbour makes Lochmaddy the ferry port for the island, with the MV "Hebrides" plying the route to Skye. The commercial activity of shops and public building has been generated due to the port activity, and today the village has the only bank, courthouse, tourist information office and youth hostel on North Uist. Lochmaddy hospital closed in March 2001. It was replaced by the newly opened Ospadal Uibhist agus Bharraigh (Uist and Barra Hospital) in Balivanich, Benbecula.
Lochmaddy was an important fishing community before the commercial decline of the herring. During the reign of King Charles it was the site of a Royal Fishing Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2905193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905193" title="Pleshey">
Pleshey

The village of Pleshey lies in Essex, England, just to the northwest of Chelmsford.
William the Conqueror gave Pleshey, in the parish of High Easter (southwest of Braintree) to Geoffrey de Mandeville in appreciation of his services; Mandeville was one of William's battle commanders at the Battle of Hastings in 1066. At Pleshey, Mandeville built his caput (centre of administration and main home) of the many villages in Essex given to him by the king. Later, his grandson, another Geoffrey, was made Earl of Essex by King Stephen.
Pleshey Castle.
Pleshey Castle was originally a motte and bailey castle, which consisted of a wooden palisade and tower on a high man-made hill (motte) surrounded by two baileys (castle yard or ward), which at some time in the castle's early history was surrounded by a moat. Later, probably in the 12th century, the motte was fortified with a stone castle. The motte at Pleshey is now about 15 metres high, and is one of the largest mottes in England. The castle was dismantled in 1158 but was subsequently rebuilt at the end of the 12th century. The castle was passed to the Dukes of Gloucester through marriage and after Thomas of Woodstock, 1st Duke of Gloucester had been executed by Richard II in 1397, it decayed and became ruined. Most of the masonry was dismantled for building material in 1629, leaving just the motte and other earthworks.
Pleshey's historical significance.
For a long time Pleshey Castle was an important place in English history. Through inheritance, Pleshey Castle became the main castle of Henry de Bohun, 1st Earl of Hereford, and his wife, Maud, sister and heiress of William de Mandeville, Earl of Essex. From this marriage de Bohun's son Humphrey became Earl of Essex (27 Aug 1236) as well as Earl of Hereford and Hereditary Constable of England. Generations of de Bohuns resided here, with Pleshey as their caput manor. Humphrey de Bohun VIII (4th Earl of Hereford and 3rd of Essex (1275?-1322) on 14 Nov. 1302 married Elizabeth, the daughter of Edward I, King of England. Some of their children were born at Pleshey. Humphrey VIII was killed at the Battle of Boroughbridge in 1322, rebelling against King Edward II.
In 1327, Pleshey Castle became the primary residence of Humphrey VIII's eldest surviving son, John de Bohun, created Earl of Hereford and Essex. He died in 1336 without an heir and the castle passed to his brother, Humphrey IX, Earl of Hereford and Essex (d. 1361). The youngest of the brothers, William de Bohun (d. 1360), became the leading commander of the early part of the Hundred Years War, devising the tactics that won English victories at the Battle of Morlaix (1342), the Battle of Crecy (1346), and the Siege of Calais (1347), and was created Earl of Northampton.
Humphrey IX never married and Pleshey was inherited in 1361 by William's son and heir, Humphrey de Bohun X (b. 1342), last male heir of the direct line. This Humphrey inherited both his uncle's and his father's titles and became Earl of Hereford, Essex and Northampton. His only heirs at his death on 13 Jan. 1373 were two infant daughters, Eleanor and Mary. Humphreys 2nd cousin Gilbert de Bohun who died in 1381 was overlooked and the titles, lands that should have passed to him and his heir where illegally retained by the daughters' husbands.
Between 1361 and 1384 a group of Augustinian friars created the de Bohun manuscripts at Pleshey Castle; eleven books, one of them a Psalter, celebrating Mary de Bohun's marriage to Henry Bolingbroke, the future Henry IV, King of England. The Mary de Bohun Psalter is now in the Fitzwilliam Museum. Mary, who died before her husband became king, was the mother of Henry V, of Agincourt fame.
The castle then passed (through the marriage of Eleanor) to Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester, the youngest son of Edward III. His nephew, Richard II, outraged by his uncle's opposition, had him arrested at Pleshey and taken to France.
Two years later the Duke of Exeter was taken to Pleshey Castle and executed for plotting against the king.
Pleshey Castle's claim to fame includes Shakespeare's play "Richard II" in which Thomas of Woodstock's widow asks for a visit from Edmund of York:
Bid him - O, what?

</doc>
<doc id="2905198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905198" title="Frederick Scalera">
Frederick Scalera

Frederick Scalera (born May 27, 1958) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2003 to 2011, representing the 36th legislative district. Scalera resides in Nutley, New Jersey and is currently a member of the town's Board of Education.
Biography.
Scalera graduated from Nutley High School and Essex County College (Fire Code Technology). Scalera received an Honorary Doctorate in Humanities from Essex County College. He is the Retired Deputy Fire Chief in Nutley.
In the Assembly, Scalera served on the Homeland Security and State Preparedness Committee (as Chair), Housing and Local Government Committee and the Labor Committee. Scalera has served on the Governor's Task Force on Community Emergency Response, Citizen Corps since 2003 and on the Essex County Local Emergency Planning Council since 1991.
Scalera resigned suddenly in January 2011, and was replaced by Essex County Democrats by Kevin J. Ryan, a Nutley native. Later that year, Scalera ran for a three year term on the Nutley Board of Education and was elected. He was seeking election to the Nutley Board of Commissioners in 2012, which is the town's chief legislative body, but did not receive enough votes to be elected.
In 2014, he received a job with New Jersey Homeland Security out of the Newark office.

</doc>
<doc id="2905208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905208" title="Top Pop Catalog Albums">
Top Pop Catalog Albums

Top Pop Catalog Albums is a fifty-position weekly albums chart produced by "Billboard magazine" which ranks the best selling catalog titles, regardless of genre. "Billboard" defines a catalog title as one that is more than eighteen months old and that has fallen below position 100 on the "Billboard 200". Albums meeting these criteria are removed from the "Billboard Current Albums" ranking and begin a new chart run on "Top Pop Catalog Albums". Effectively, the "Billboard Current Albums" is equivalent to the "Billboard 200," with the catalog titles removed.
"Top Pop Catalog Albums" also contains reissues of older albums. An album need not have spent any weeks on the "Billboard 200" to be eligible for "Top Pop Catalog Albums" (this occasionally occurs if an act has a breakthrough release which prompts a significant increase in sales of prior albums that were not big sellers upon their initial release).
The only exception to the "eighteen months old" rule pertains to holiday releases (for example, Christmas albums). A "holiday" release is eligible for the "Billboard 200" only during its initial year of release. After its first year, a holiday-related album appears on "Top Pop Catalog Albums". Many consistent-sellers make return trips to "Top Pop Catalog Albums" each November through January (it is not rare to see the top 20 or 30 positions occupied by holiday albums during December).
A unique feature of the "Top Pop Catalog Albums" chart is the replacement of the "weeks on chart" column (a standard in "Billboard's" other charts) with a "total weeks" column, which is a cumulative total of weeks an album spent on both the "Billboard 200" and the "Top Pop Catalog Albums" chart. The "total weeks" longevity record (by a large margin) is held by Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side of the Moon", which has a cumulative total of over 1,600 chart weeks (more than 31 years).
The issue dated July 11, 2009 was the first time any catalog album outsold the number-one album on the "Billboard 200". Three of Michael Jackson's albums ("Number Ones", "The Essential Michael Jackson" and "Thriller") claimed positions 1-3 respectively on "Top Pop Catalog Albums" and "Top Comprehensive Albums" in the week following Jackson's death. Additionally, eight of the top nine positions on "Top Pop Catalog Albums" were owned by Jackson, with a ninth held by a Jackson 5 hits collection.

</doc>
<doc id="2905209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905209" title="Étienne Louis Geoffroy">
Étienne Louis Geoffroy

Étienne Louis Geoffroy (October 12, 1725 – August 12, 1810) was a French entomologist and pharmacist. He was born in Paris and died in Soissons. He followed the binomial nomenclature of Carl von Linné and devoted himself mainly to beetles.
Geoffroy was the author of "Histoire abrégée des Insectes qui se trouvent aux environs de Paris". Paris : Durand Vol. 1 8 + 523 pp. 10 pls (1762) and co-author with Antoine François of "Entomologia Parisiensis, sive, Catalogus insectorum quae in agro Parisiensi reperiuntur ..." (1785).

</doc>
<doc id="2905214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905214" title="Benita von Falkenhayn">
Benita von Falkenhayn

Benita Ursula von Falkenhayn, maiden name von Zollikofer-Altenklingen (14 August 1900 – 18 February 1935) was a German baroness who served as a spy for the Second Polish Republic.
Life.
She was born in Berlin to the noble Zollikofer family, which for centuries had held Altenklingen Castle in the Swiss Thurgau region. Benita first married retired Senior Lieutenant Müller-Eckhardt (1920–1922) and secondly her childhood friend, retired Senior Lieutenant Richard von Falkenhayn (1923–1930), a distant relative of World War I General Erich von Falkenhayn. She took on the name von Falkenhayn upon her second marriage. However, the couple divorced on 18 December 1930 by mutual agreement, and on 18 October 1932 she was married to the aircraft engineer Baron Josef von Berg, whereafter her name was actually Baroness Benita Ursula von Berg. This third marriage was annulled by a court on 19 October 1934, when she was already arrested, after which she re-adopted the name of her second husband. 
In the late 1920s, she befriended with the Polish intelligence agent Major Jerzy Sosnowski, whom she had met at the horse races, and became his lover. He made her socialise with employees at the Ministry of the Reichswehr to obtain secret documents concerning the preparations for a German Invasion of Poland. At least from 1932, her activities were monitored by the "Abwehr" intelligence agency, and upon Sosnowki's exposure on 27 February 1934, she was arrested together with her friend Renate von Natzmer, his other lover. One year later, on 16 February 1935, both women were found guilty of espionage and treason in a trial at the People's Court and sentenced to death. Two days later, after appeals for clemency had been turned down, they became two of the last people in Germany to be beheaded by axe, in the courtyard of Plötzensee Prison in Berlin. In 1936, Adolf Hitler decreed that all future executions should be by the guillotine, although at least one other woman, the Romanian-Jewish communist Olga Bancic, did later die by the axe in Stuttgart in 1944.
Benita's divorced husband Richard von Falkenhayn was also arrested but had to be released after no evidence of his participation could be found. His efforts to save his ex-wife from the scaffold were to no avail.

</doc>
<doc id="2905221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905221" title="Pae Gil-su">
Pae Gil-su

Pae Gil-Su (, also written Pae Kil Su, born March 4, 1972) is a North Korean gymnast.
He won the gold medal for the pommel horse at the 1992 Summer Olympics (tied with Vitaly Scherbo).
Pae attended Pyongyang Sinri Primary School and the Korean Physical Education College.

</doc>
<doc id="2905224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905224" title="William Alington (speaker)">
William Alington (speaker)

William Alington (died 19 October 1446), lord of the manor of both Bottisham and Horseheath, Cambridgeshire, was Speaker of the House of Commons of England, Treasurer of The Exchequer, and High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire.
Biography.
William Alington is said to have been the son of William Alington and Denise Malet. He married Joan (d.1446), said to have been the daughter of William Burgh and the widow of one Barnes.
Alington was appointed High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire in 1414 and 1423. He was elected to Parliament in 1410, 1416 and 1429 as Knight of the Shire for Cambridgeshire and elected Speaker of the House in 1430. He was Privy Councillor to Henry IV and Henry V.
Family.
Alington's two sons, William (d. 5 July 1459), of Horseheath, and Robert, of Bottisham, both married daughters of the famous Sir John Argentyne of Great Wymondley Manor, Hertfordshire, by his wife Margaret Calthorpe (1380–1427). By this marriage William Alington the younger acquired the manor of Wymondley, which was held in Grand Sergeanty by the service of presenting the first cup at the Coronation of Kings of England, which service was performed by the Lords of that Manor into the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2905228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905228" title="Beethoven's Ninth Symphony CD-ROM">
Beethoven's Ninth Symphony CD-ROM

"Beethoven's Ninth Symphony" CD-ROM was one of the first titles to couple a computer with an audio CD. This title was developed in 1989 by The Voyager Company in Apple Computer's HyperCard, using custom audio XCMDs developed at Voyager. The lead instructor and creative voice was UCLA music instructor Robert Winter.
"Beethoven's Ninth Symphony", while offering black and white images on a 512x342 resolution display, offered full 44 kHz stereo audio by controlling an off-the-shelf audio CD in the CD-ROM player.
Historically, "Beethoven's Ninth Symphony" is of importance as it was an early example of interactive media that reached the consumer market, before the popularization of the Internet or DVDs.

</doc>
<doc id="2905229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905229" title="Barbershop in Germany">
Barbershop in Germany

Barbershop in Germany (abbreviated BinG or BinG!) is the association for barbershop music in Germany. It was founded in 1991 by the members of a small German barbershop fan group, and the organization is an official affiliate of the US-based Barbershop Harmony Society. Any representative of a German barbershop quartet or chorus can become a member of BinG.
BinG organizes the biennial German Barbershop Championships, which take place at the Dortmund Concert House, and publishes a quarterly newsletter.[http://www.barbershop-in-germany.de/en/bing/bsnews.php]
In 2001 BinG celebrated its 10th anniversary with a grand concert in the concert hall of the University of Münster.
Manfred Adams is currently the president of BinG, having held the role in much of the 1990s and resuming leadership in 2004. Adams is also musical director of the Ladies First chorus from Dortmund.

</doc>
<doc id="2905233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905233" title="Genovevo de la O">
Genovevo de la O

Genovevo de la O (January 3, 1876 – June 12, 1952) was an important figure in the Mexican Revolution. 
He was born in Santa María Ahuacatitlán, Morelos, to sharecropper parents. He was dedicated to the plight of Mexico's peasants and came to be an outstanding Liberation Army of the South guerrilla general. After Emiliano Zapata's death, he and the other guerrillas threw their lot in with Álvaro Obregón and went on to become a minor but longlasting figure in national politics.
Early life.
From his earliest days, de la O stood out as a defender of his hometown and its people. He fought ceaselessly against the encroachments of the neighboring hacienda of Temixco, against the evils of deforestation, and against land dispossession in general. These crusades brought him into conflict with the law of Porfirio Díaz's regime, which sought to strengthen the hacendados at the expense of commoners. De la O grew to hate the Díaz regime, mostly on the principle of land reform. 
He initially supported the presidency of Francisco Madero based on his promises of land reform, but when those promises proved false he sided with the agrarian opposition headed by the mayor of Anenecuilco, Emiliano Zapata. De la O was one of the signatories of the reformist Plan de Ayala which codified Zapata's demands in 1911.
Revolution under Zapata.
The Madero government was opposed to the Plan de Ayala, and the Zapatistas took up arms to defend their cause. De la O was made an infantry captain conducting guerrilla operations for Zapata in the northern part of Morelos. He moved up through the ranks of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel before the year was out.
Through 1911 and 1912, his division of the Liberation Army of the South operated in the area around Santa María and its neighboring towns, consistently beating back federalist forces. He forced enemy divisions to retreat to Cuernavaca, gave a solid drubbing to a group of generals led by General Robles, and inspired thousands to flock into his division. 
De la O's forces took the town of Huitzilac in the Spring of 1912, but the federalists were reluctant to give it up. General Ojeda tried to evacuate the town’s supplies and equipment, but de la O exacted a heavy toll attacking the convoys. He defended the town with success, but in 1912 General Naranjo infiltrated and burned most of it to the ground.
As 1913 neared, he pushed into México state to face forces commanded by the president himself, Victoriano Huerta. De la O became a general as fighting continued along the border with México state through 1915. Huerta faded from power and Venustiano Carranza took control, bringing extra troops to bear that turned the tide back against de la O. As General Pablo González slowly pushed de la O back into Morelos, disaster befell the Zapatista cause in 1919. The leader of the revolution, Emiliano Zapata, was tricked and murdered by Colonel Jesús Guajardo. This was a terrible blow to the Liberation Army of the South, which had already grown increasingly fractured after many long years of campaigning.
Revolution under Obregón.
Rather than see his cause and power expire along with Zapata, de la O and the other guerrilla generals, led by Gildardo Magaña, joined forces with the new revolutionary Álvaro Obregón. In 1920, he covered the retreat of General Benjamín Hill from Mexico City, and Hill too united with Obregón’s forces in the south. Together they made a decisive strike at the capital city, deposed Carranza, and set up a new government. 
On the first day of 1921, he was named chief of military operations in Tlaxcala, moving later to similar posts in Aguascalientes and Mexico City. Minor conflicts continued, but the Obregón regime, including de la O, remained in power in Mexico City.
Post-Revolution politics.
De la O held political posts until 1941 when he reached the age limit for service (sixty-five) and was forced to retire. Though officially retired, he remained involved in the affairs of Mexico. He formed Frente Zapatista in 1940 as a bastion of the ideals of Zapata. He helped found the Federation of Parties of the People in 1945, and presided over it. 
He died in peace while in his hometown of Santa María Ahuacatitlán, a gentler and later death than the vast majority of his revolutionary counterparts. His wake was held on the floor of the Congress of Mexico and he was buried in Santa María with full military honors.

</doc>
<doc id="2905235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905235" title="Air Harrods">
Air Harrods

Based at London Stansted Airport, Air Harrods offers several bespoke aircraft services to complement those of Harrods Aviation. Like Harrods’ Knightsbridge store, Air Harrods can fulfil the most specialised requests – from maintaining the pristine condition of your helicopter and supplying the pilot to fly it to brokering a VIP charter and arranging an executive transfer at your destination.
Services Offered:
Helicopter management;
Charter brokering;
Bespoke aviation packages;
Pilots
On 7 May 2010, Air Harrods was sold as part of its parent group to a Qatari sovereign investment group in a combined deal worth £1.5bn.
Fleet.
The Air Harrods helicopter fleet consists of one each of the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="2905248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905248" title="U.S. Central Credit Union">
U.S. Central Credit Union

U.S. Central Federal Credit Union was the largest corporate credit union in the United States. Unlike consumer driven credit unions (referred to as "natural person" credit unions in the industry), U.S. Central provides its services only to other corporate credit unions, in effect acting as the "corporate credit union's credit union". The organization was founded in 1974.
U.S. Central does not serve consumers directly, a role fulfilled by consumer credit unions, it was instead established to serve the credit union industry by providing opportunities for investments through government approved instruments and providing liquidity (credit) needs to regional and state corporate credit unions which need them. U.S. Central also provides other industry standard services such as payment systems, electronic funds transfer services and item processing. The organization also provides economic services and forecasts specific to the credit union industry. Many of its operations and services parallel that of a central bank, except it serves corporate credit unions rather than commercial banks.
U.S. Central Federal Credit Union is located in Lenexa, Kansas.
In January 2009, the National Credit Union Administration injected $1 billion into U.S. Central. On March 20, 2009, NCUA placed U.S. Central Credit Union into conservatorship. 
The NCUA was unable to obtain a buyer for the services and is winding down its operations. The credit union was officially shut down October 29, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="2905250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905250" title="Nazar">
Nazar

Nazar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905253" title="Cashback">
Cashback

Cashback may refer to:
Cashback may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905254" title="Joan Voss">
Joan Voss

Joan Voss (b. August 21, 1940, New York City) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2004 until 2012, representing the 38th legislative district. Voss is currently serving on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders, having been elected to the board in 2011 after choosing not to seek reelection to her Assembly seat.
Biography.
Voss graduated with a B.A. in 1962 from Montclair State University (History and English), an M.A. in 1971 from Montclair State University (Education) and received an Ed.D. from Fordham University (Education).
Voss taught at Fort Lee High School beginning in 1963. She served as Departmental Assistant of the Social Studies and English Departments from 2000 to 2003. She had previously functioned briefly as the Departmental Assistant of the combined Science, Math and Guidance Departments in 1992. In 1983, she developed a humanities program to help prepare students for college in the areas of philosophy, ancient history, the classics, ethics, and European and Asian history and culture. The Humanities Course was offered for credit at several colleges and universities. She has been an adjunct professor at Seton Hall University, Saint Peter's College and Edward Williams College of Fairleigh Dickinson University.
She served on the Fort Lee Borough Council from 1993-2004. Voss is a member of the Fort Lee Municipal Alliance Committee, which coordinates community and school activities and served on the Borough's Board of Ethics.
In the 2003 election for the General Assembly, Voss and running mate Robert M. Gordon unseated the incumbents, Green Party candidate Matt Ahearn and Republican Rose Marie Heck. (Heck did not run for reelection, instead choosing to run for the district's State Senate seat that year and losing to Joseph Coniglio, while Ahearn had changed his party affiliation from Democratic to Green while serving).
Voss served in the Assembly on the Education Committee (as Vice Chair), Higher Education Committee, the Regulated Professions Committee and the Joint Committee on the Public Schools.
Due to redistricting, which moved her hometown of Fort Lee to the 37th district, Voss did not run for reelection in 2011 and was replaced on the ballot by Tim Eustace. Instead, she ran for and won a seat on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders.

</doc>
<doc id="2905259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905259" title="Acacia pruinocarpa">
Acacia pruinocarpa

Acacia pruinocarpa, commonly known as black gidgee, gidgee or tawu, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia, it occurs throughout the arid centre, from Carnarvon, Western Australia, east to Tanami, Northern Territory and Mann Range, South Australia. It is especially common along watercourses and in low lying areas that receive drainage.
Black gidgee grows as an upright tree to twelve metres high, and with a girth of up to two metres or more. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are a grey-green colour, up to seventeen centimetres long and two centimetres wide, and slightly curved. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters. The pods are pale brown and papery, up to twelve centimetres long and two centimetres wide.

</doc>
<doc id="2905262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905262" title="Populous (series)">
Populous (series)

The Populous series is a series of video games developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts. The first game in the series – "Populous" was released in 1989. At the time, it was hailed as revolutionary, and it coined the term "god game".
Gameplay.
The games involved the player taking on the role of a deity and leading followers into battle against opposing deities, and intervene by using a variety of "divine intervention" that affect the world and indirectly, the people.
The first two games were similar. In "Populous" and ', much emphasis was spent on flattening the terrain. The view of the game-world was isometric. ' was more like a conventional war-game than a god-game and uses true 3D instead of isometric 3D. In "Populous: The Beginning", the player is set in the role of a shaman instead of a god, but at the end of the game attains godhood.
History.
The series includes:
From Dust released in 2011 by Ubisoft has been referred to as the "spiritual heir to Populous".
Trivia.
In an interview, the series creator (Peter Molyneux), said that "Populous was like it was due to my incompetence as a games programmer ... the reason the feature (raise the land) was there was because I couldn't get the little people to navigate around the coast".

</doc>
<doc id="2905266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905266" title="Student BMJ">
Student BMJ

Student BMJ is a monthly, international medical journal for medical students and junior doctors. It is published by the BMJ Group.
"Student BMJ" was launched as a print journal in 1992 with the aim of publishing articles for medical students, and is compiled by a full time student editor, who takes a year out from medical school. International expert authors and students work together to explain how to read research papers, provide practical careers advice, and put theory into practice both in print and online.
The current student editor is Katherine Bettany who works together with the current senior editor of "BMJ".
Articles.
Most of the articles are written by medical students and are submitted rather than commissioned. "Student BMJ" comprises News, Editorials, Life (a range of articles including debates, ethics, art, history, politics, and student experiences), Careers, Education, Picture quizzes, Research explained (a student friendly appraisal of a "BMJ" research paper), Views and reviews, and Eyespy (short, quirky medical stories).
Peer review.
Although it is a student journal, it functions as any other medical journal. Articles are peer reviewed by students from all over the world. The journal receives about 50 submissions each month. A decision is made to accept a manuscript or not within eight weeks on average. Only a handful of the submissions are finally accepted.
Impact and awards.
The journal has won the Guardian Student Media Award twice.
Other services.
The editorial team writes a monthly email alert called "5 Minutes for Students", with short summaries of articles and other services from the BMJ Group. The site also has a native iPhone app, which currently has five different categories in the main interface and allows bookmarking of articles.
Former student editors.
The following persons have been student editor of the journal:

</doc>
<doc id="2905269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905269" title="Toby Edward Rosenthal">
Toby Edward Rosenthal

Toby Edward Rosenthal (15 March 1848 in New Haven, Connecticut – 23 December 1917 in Munich) was an American painter.
Biography.
Moving to San Francisco with his parents in 1855, he there studied painting under Fortunato Arriola. In 1865 he went to Munich, where he was a pupil of the Royal Academy under Strachuber, Karl Raupp and Karl Theodor von Piloty. He received medals in Munich in 1870 and 1883, and in Philadelphia in 1876. Except for some visits home, his professional life was spent in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2905270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905270" title="Pyongyang Sinri Primary School">
Pyongyang Sinri Primary School

Pyongyang Sinri Primary School is a model primary school in Pyongyang, North Korea. 
Prominent alumni include Pae Gil Su, Olympic pommel horse gold medalist in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2905280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905280" title="The Guards Museum">
The Guards Museum

The Guards Museum is a military museum in Central London, England. It is located in Wellington Barracks on Birdcage Walk close to Buckingham Palace, which is the home of the five regiments of Foot Guards (the Grenadier Guards, Coldstream Guards, Scots Guards, Irish Guards, and Welsh Guards). 
The museum first opened in 1988. It tells the story of the regiments it represents, from the 17th century to the present day. The displays include many examples of different Guards uniforms, (chronicling the evolving dress over time of the five regiments) and there are also paintings, weapons, models, sculptures, and artefacts such as Mess Silver - all of which are aimed at explaining to the visitor the history of the regiments and what being a soldier in the Guards is all about.

</doc>
<doc id="2905281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905281" title="Jacquie Durrell">
Jacquie Durrell

Jacqueline ("Jacquie") Sonia Durrell ("née" Wolfenden) (b. 1929, Manchester, United Kingdom) was the first wife of Gerald Durrell. She assisted him on several of his animal collecting expeditions, and with the Jersey Zoo (now Durrell Wildlife Park) that he founded.
Marriage to Gerald Durrell.
Jacquie was 19 when she met Gerald Durrell, during his first stay in her father's hotel in Manchester after an animal-collecting expedition. The two began dating, although initially Jacquie claimed that she was very reluctant to become Durrell's girlfriend. Jacquie's father did not approve of her relationship with Durrell, and was completely antipathetic towards the idea of the couple's marriage, chiefly because he considered that Durrell had no money and apparently no career prospects. Jacquie could not marry without her parents' permission until she was 21, so after her 21st birthday, she and Durrell eloped and married in Bournemouth on 26 February 1951. Gerald Durrell's mother, sister Margaret Durrell and brother Leslie Durrell helped to organise and attended the wedding and subsequent party. In marrying Durrell, Jacquie gave up her potential career as an opera singer for which she had been in training since the age of 17. She also gave up her relationship with her father - after her elopement, she never spoke to any of her relatives again.
After their marriage, lack of money prevented Jacquie and Gerald from renting a place of their own, and so they lived in a cramped bedsitter in the Bournemouth guest house owned and run by Durrell's sister Margaret Durrell, who offered them the place rent-free. Despite her initial trepidation, Jacquie was completely accepted by and liked all members of the Durrell family, including famous author Lawrence Durrell, a meeting with whom she describes in 'Beasts in My Bed".
Jacquie, together with Lawrence Durrell, encouraged Gerald to write books about his animal-collecting expeditions, in order to make money to fund both their everyday lives and new expeditions. In Gerald Durrell's autobiographical books, Jacquie is typically portrayed as a supportive spouse, who is not squeamish with or perturbed by animals.
Jacquie also helped run Jersey Zoo and with the founding and running of the Jersey Wildlife Preservation Trust (now the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust), though she never held any official post. She was also the central figure in organising one of the expeditions to Argentina, her role in which is described in Gerald Durrell's "The Whispering Land". Jacquie was popular with the Jersey Zoo staff and affectionately known as "Mrs. D". Despite her support for her husband's work, she was occasionally overwhelmed by Durrell's total devotion to it, and felt that the zoo took over their lives and left them with no free space to develop their own relationship.
Jacquie featured in three TV series presented by Gerald Durrell: "To Bafut With Beagles", BBC (1958), "Look" (Argentinian Expedition), single episode of series, BBC (1961) and "Two in the Bush", BBC (1963).
She separated from and divorced Gerald Durrell in 1979, citing his increasing work pressure, and associated alcoholism.
Books.
Jacquie Durrell is the author of two autobiographical accounts concerning her life with Gerald Durrell, "Beasts in My Bed", (footnotes by Gerald Durrell) (Collins, 1967), and "Intimate Relations" (Collins, 1976). Both of her books are written in the same humorous, light-hearted tone as her husband's own accounts. They have a dry wit and humour, and "Beasts in My Bed" also features (often deliberately contradictory) footnotes by Gerald Durrell. Her books have been translated into several languages, including Russian, Dutch and Hungarian.
Jacquie Durrell went on a number of animal collecting expeditions with Gerald Durrell and, in addition to describing these in her own books, her participation is featured in a number of Durrell's books, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="2905291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905291" title="Paniliakos F.C.">
Paniliakos F.C.

Paniliakos (also uncommonly Panileiakos) was founded in 1958 from the union of four teams from the city of Pyrgos (Ethnikos, Iraklis, A.E.K., Apollon). It was a vision of three people: Lampaounas, Galanopoulos and Liatsis.
Paniliakos was the team of Serbia and Montenegro international Predrag Đorđević, before moving to Olympiacos, Greece international Stelios Giannakopoulos, and of Vassilis Lakis, also a Greece international.
Paniliakos had fallen from the top level of the Greek League system, to the 4th level, but has since been promoted and as of 2013-14, plays at the second tier.
Notable players.
For details on former players, see :Category:Paniliakos F.C. players

</doc>
<doc id="2905302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905302" title="Bagimonds Roll">
Bagimonds Roll

Bagimonds Roll was a roll used for taxation in Scotland. In 1274 the council of Lyons imposed a tax of a tenth part of all church revenues during the six following years for the relief of the Holy Land. In Scotland, Pope Gregory X, entrusted the collection of this tax to Master Boiamund (better known as Bagimund) de Vitia, a canon of Asti, whose roll of valuation formed the basis of ecclesiastical taxation for some centuries.
Boiamund proposed to assess the tax, not according to the old conventional valuation but on the true value of the benefices at the time of assessment. The clergy of Scotland objected to this innovation, and, having held a council at Perth in August 1275, prevailed upon Boiamund to return to Rome for the purpose of persuading the pope to accept the older method of taxation. The pope insisted upon the tax being collected according to the true value, and Boiamund returned to Scotland to superintend its collection.
A fragment of Bagimond's Roll in something very like its original form is preserved at Durham, and has been printed by James Raine in his "Priory of Coldingham" (Publications of the Surtees Society, vol. xii.). It gives the real values in one column and tenth parts in another column of each of the benefices in the archdeaconry of Lothian: The actual taxation to which this fragment refers was not the tenth collected by Boiamund but the tenth of all ecclesiastical property in England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland granted by Pope Nicholas IV to Edward I of England in the year 1288. The fragment should therefore be regarded as supplementary to the "Taxatio Ecclesiastics Angliae et Walliae" printed by the Record Commissioners in 1802. Although no contemporary copy of Bagimond's Roll is known to exist, at least three documents give particulars of the taxation of the Church of Scotland in the 16th century, which are based upon the original roll.

</doc>
<doc id="2905311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905311" title="U.S. Pistoiese 1921">
U.S. Pistoiese 1921

Unione Sportiva Pistoiese 1921 is an Italian association football club, based in Pistoia, Tuscany. Currently Pistoiese plays in Serie D where was promoted at the end of the 2010-11 Eccellenza season. 
The singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini is probably the most famous "tifoso" of Pistoiese in Italy.
History.
The club was founded in 1921 and refounded in 1937, 1945, 1988 and 2009; having last been in Serie A in 1981.
U.S. Pistoiese.
Pistoiese achieved prominence by rising to Serie B in the late 1970s with promotion to Serie A following in 1980. Under Marcello Melani Presidency, who choose veterans like Marcello Lippi and Mario Frustalupi and promising young talents such as Paolo Benedetti, Pistoiese reached in just 6 years the Serie A and made a reasonable start reaching as high as 4th after a win at Fiorentina at Round 13. But a dismal freefall resulted in last place in relegation, and the club have not recovered since apart from spells in Serie B in 1995–96 and 1999–2002. Melani left his direction in 1980 followed by Lippi in 1981.
A.C. Nuova Pistoiese 1988.
In the 2005–06 Serie C1/B campaign, Pistoiese battled against relegation from Serie C1 with goals proving hard to come by, yet having one of the best defensive records in the division. A good season ending brought the team to a good 9th place in Group A, but just three points ahead the relegation playouts. Pistoiese finished 14th in Group B in 2007–2008 season and played relegation play-off against Sangiovannese. They won by 4–0 aggregate and remained in Lega Pro Prima Divisione (former Serie C1).
The Tuscan club started the 2008–09 season with Roberto Miggiano as head coach, but disappointing results and a bottom-place in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione table led the club to replace him with Salvatore Polverino later in October. However, results did not improve under new boss Polverino, prompting him to tend his resignations on February 2009. He was replaced by former Juventus star Moreno Torricelli, in his first personal stint as professional head coach; under Torricelli's reign, Pistoiese managed to improve results and escape immediate relegation ending in 16th place. Nevertheless, Pistoiese lost play-out against Foligno and got relegated in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
On Summer 2009 Pistoiese is not permitted enrolment in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione due to inadequate financial guarantees.
Unione Sportiva Pistoiese 1921.
On August 13, 2009 Unione Sportiva Pistoiese 1921 is created by Pistoia's maire Berti. The club is admitted to Tuscany's Eccellenza league and managed an excellent maiden year, reaching the promotion's play-off, where eventually lost against Mosciano.
In the season 2010-11 it wins Eccellenza Tuscany group A and is thus promoted to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are orange and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="2905314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905314" title="September Eleventh Families for Peaceful Tomorrows">
September Eleventh Families for Peaceful Tomorrows

September Eleventh Families for Peaceful Tomorrows, also known as 9/11 Families for Peaceful Tomorrows or simply Peaceful Tomorrows, is an anti-war organization for survivors of the September 11, 2001 attacks and friends and family members of the victims.
It aims to develop and advocate nonviolent options and actions in the pursuit of justice, in the hope that this will help break what the members see as the cycles of violence engendered by war and terrorism.
Peaceful Tomorrows was launched on February 14, 2002, at a press conference at the United Nations headquarters by Colleen Kelly and other members of families that had lost members in the 9/11 attacks who did not want their grief to justify attacks such as the American bombing campaign in Afghanistan, and to ensure that these actions were not be done in their names and the names of their loved ones.
The International Network for Peace.
The International Network for Peace is a project that grew out of Peaceful Tomorrows’ groundbreaking international conference "Civilian Casualties, Civilian Solutions" which took place on September 11, 2006, the five-year anniversary of 9/11.
In the weeks following, September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows brought conference participants to speak at several public events at American universities.

</doc>
<doc id="2905315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905315" title="Acacia papyrocarpa">
Acacia papyrocarpa

Acacia papyrocarpa, commonly known as western myall, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia, it occurs on limestone plains in southern Australia from Paynes Find in Western Australia eastwards into South Australia. There is also an anomalous specimen at Cooper Creek in Queensland. A weeping form of the species that grows at Port Augusta, South Australia bears the common name Water myall.
Western myall grows as an upright tree to seven metres high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are greyish-green in colour, straight and flat, between four and twelve centimetres long and one to two millimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in spherical clusters about five millimetres in diameter. The pods are thin and flat, about eleven centimetres long and four to ten millimetres wide.

</doc>
<doc id="2905316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905316" title="Bahut">
Bahut

A bahut is a portable coffer or chest, with a rounded lid covered in leather, garnished with nails, once used for the transport of clothes or other personal luggage, it was, in short, the original portmanteau. This ancient receptacle, of which mention is made as early as the 14th century — its traditional form is still preserved in many varieties of the travelling trunk — sometimes had its leather covering richly ornamented, and occasionally its interior was divided into compartments; but whatever the details of its construction it was always readily portable.
Towards the end of the 17th century the name fell into disuse, and was replaced by "coffer", which probably accounts for its misuse by the French romantic writers of the early 19th century. They applied it to almost any antique sideboard, cupboard or wardrobe, and its use became hopelessly confused.
In architecture, this term is also used for a dwarf-wall of plain masonry, carrying the roof of a cathedral or church and masked or hidden behind the balustrade.

</doc>
<doc id="2905324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905324" title="Michitarō Komatsubara">
Michitarō Komatsubara

Biography.
A native of Yokohama in Kanagawa Prefecture, where his father was a naval engineer, Komatsubara graduated from the 18th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1905. He served as a military attaché to Russia from 1909–1910, and became fluent in the Russian language. After his return to Japan, he was assigned to a number of staff positions within the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff and Supreme War Council (Japan). In 1914, he was part of the World War I Japanese Expeditionary Force at the Battle of Tsingtao.
On Komatsubara's return to Japan in 1915, he graduated from the 27th class of the Army Staff College and was assigned as commander of the IJA 34th Infantry Regiment. 
From 1919, Komatsubara was assigned to the Soviet Branch of the 4th Section (European & American Military Intelligence), 2nd Bureau, of the Army General Staff. After spending 1926-1927 as an instructor at the War College, he returned to Moscow again as a military attache from 1927-1929.
After Komatsubara returned again to Japan, he became commander of the IJA 57th Infantry Regiment from 1930-1932. Two years later, he became Chief of the Harbin Special Agency in Manchukuo. He was promoted to major general in 1934 and returned to Japan to take command of the IJA 8th Infantry Brigade. Subsequently, from 1936–1937, he was commander of the 1st Imperial Guards Brigade.
Promoted to lieutenant general in 1936, he was reassigned to Manchukuo as commander of the IJA 23rd Division, and served on the staff of the Kwangtung Army. He retired from the army on 31 January 1940, after more than 35 years of military service. While in retirement he joined the "National Policy Research Association" attending meetings, and sharing his knowledge and experience of both the Russians and the Battle of Khalkhin Gol (Nomonhan). Although General Komatsubara had an air of gentleness about him, he carried a sense of gloom. He was admitted to the Tokyo University hospital, where he was diagnosed with stomach cancer. Transferred to the army medical school, the 54 year old general died on 6 October 1940, less than eight months after retiring from the army.

</doc>
<doc id="2905325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905325" title="The Hidden Hand">
The Hidden Hand

The Hidden Hand was a stoner/doom band from Maryland formed in 2002.
Biography.
The Hidden Hand was a trio formed by Scott "Wino" Weinrich (guitar and vocals) and Bruce Falkinburg (bass and vocals) and included 3 different drummers. Weinrich had previously been a member of such bands as The Obsessed, Saint Vitus, Spirit Caravan and Place of Skulls. Falkinburg is a professional recording engineer, and his Phase Studios has been the commission site of works by Clutch, Sixty Watt Shaman and Stinking Lizaveta. The band released their debut 7" single "De-Sensitized" in late 2002, which was quickly followed by their first album "Divine Propaganda" in 2003. This was followed by a split LP/CD with Washington, D.C. band Wooly Mammoth released to coincide with their appearance at the Emissions from the Monolith festival. Their second full-length, "Mother Teacher Destroyer", was released on Southern Lord Records in 2004. After the release of the LP, original drummer Dave Hennessy left the band to focus more time on his band, Ostinato, and was replaced by Evan Tanner. In 2006 drummer Evan Tanner left the band after recording their latest effort, "The Resurrection of Whiskey Foote" and was replaced by Matt Moulis, who has played in DC area bands Medic and Bison.
Their music is a slight departure in style for Weinrich in that more psychedelic influences are evident. Lyrically, the band deals with politics, history and spirituality. In contrast to his previous bands, Wino has said that The Hidden Hand is political which is reflected in the lyrics.
The band split up in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2905329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905329" title="Hugo Ibarra">
Hugo Ibarra

Hugo Benjamín Ibarra (born 1 April 1974) is a retired Argentine professional footballer. He is an icon at Boca Juniors where he has played over 200 games in three separate stints at the club and won 15 titles.
Born in Pirané Department, northern province of Formosa, Ibarra went to Santa Fe Province to start playing in Colón. It was a second division team when he started playing professionally in 1993, but 2 years later the team got promoted to first division. His performance called Boca Juniors' attention, and he was transferred to the club he would late refer to as "my home".
After 3 successful seasons in Boca, Ibarra moved to Europe. Because he did not have a European passport, Ibarra was loaned back to Boca Juniors after playing his first season in Portuguese FC Porto. Porto loaned him to French Monaco FC a year later, and then to Spanish RCD Espanyol.
"El Negro" played 6 matches for Argentina national football team, including Copa América 1999. While in Monaco, the team reached UEFA Champions League finals, beating in its way such teams as Real Madrid and Chelsea F.C., to later lose 3-0 to his former club Porto, club that owned him at that moment.
In July 2005, after some difficult negotiations due to the economic crisis in Argentina, Hugo Ibarra went back to Boca Juniors, his last team. On April 18, 2007, he got back to Argentina national football team, as Argentina’s captain, to play a friendly match against Chile national football team.
In September 2010, he announced his retirement from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="2905339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905339" title="Al-Baladhuri">
Al-Baladhuri

ʾAḥmad Ibn Yaḥyā al-Balādhurī Arabic (أحمد بن يحيى بن جابر البلاذري) was a 9th-century Persian historian. One of the eminent middle-eastern historians of his age, he spent most of his life in Baghdad and enjoyed great influence at the court of the caliph al-Mutawakkil. He traveled in Syria and Iraq, compiling information for his major works. He is regarded as a reliable source for the history of the early Arabs and the history of Muslim expansion.
Name.
Ahmad Bin Yahya Bin Jabir Al-Baladhuri () or Balazry Ahmad Bin Yahya Bin Jabir Abul Hasan or Abi al-Hassan Baladhuri.
Biography.
A Persian by birth, though his sympathies seem to have been strongly with the Arabs, for Masudi refers to one of his works in which he rejects Baladhuri's condemnation of non-Arab nationalism Shu'ubiyya.
He lived at the court of the caliphs al-Mutawakkil and Al-Musta'in and was tutor to the son of al-Mutazz. He died in 892 as the result of a drug called "baladhur" (hence his name). ("Baladhur" is "Semecarpus anacardium", known as the "marking nut"; medieval Arabic and Jewish writers describe it as a memory-enhancer) 
Works.
His chief extant work, a condensation of a longer history, "Kitab Futuh al-Buldan" (فتوح البلدان), "Book of the Conquests of Lands", translated by Phillip Hitti (1916) and Francis Clark Murgotten (1924) in "The Origins of the Islamic State", tells of the wars and conquests of the Arabs from the 7th century, and the terms made with the residents of the conquered territories. It covers the conquests of lands from Arabia west to Egypt, North Africa, and Spain and east to Iraq, Iran, and Sind.
His history, in turn, was much used by later writers. "Ansab al-Ashraf" (أنساب الأشراف, “Lineage of the Nobles”), also extant, is a biographical work in genealogical order devoted to the Arab aristocracy, from Muhammad and his contemporaries to the Umayyad and Abbāsid caliphs. It contains histories of the reigns of rulers.
His discussions of the rise and fall of powerful dynasties provide a political moral. His commentaries on methodology are sparse, other than assertions of accuracy.

</doc>
<doc id="2905344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905344" title="A.S.D. SanGiovanniValdarno">
A.S.D. SanGiovanniValdarno

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica SanGiovanniValdarno
It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
From Sangiovannese 1927 to SanGiovanniValdarno.
Sangiovannese 1927.
The club was founded in 1927 as "A.C. Sangiovannese 1927".
Seasons from 2000-01 to 2010-11.
It has played in Serie C2 from 2000–01, after the promotion from Serie D, to 2003-04 when it was promoted in Serie C1. It has played in this league until 2007-08 when it was relegated to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, where it has played for three season until 2010-11.
It didn't join 2011-12 league 2011-12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
SanGiovanniValdarno.
It is refounded in 2011 as A.S.D. SanGiovanniValdarno. 
In the 2013-14 season it was promoted to Serie D after play off.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="2905346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905346" title="John Say">
John Say

Sir John Say (died 12 April 1478) was an English courtier, MP and Speaker of the House of Commons.
Life.
He was the son of John Say, born before 1445, and his wife Maud. His brother, William Say, was Dean of the King’s Chapel, Master of the Hospital of St Anthony, London, Dean of St. Paul’s. Sir John owned land at Baas, Broxbourne, Little Berkhamsted and Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire, and Lawford, Essex
Sir John Say trained as a lawyer and became a King's Serjeant, Coroner of the Marshalsea, Yeoman of the Chamber and Crown, Keeper of Westminster Palace, Squire of the Body and Privy Councillor.
In 1447 he entered Parliament as MP for Cambridge and was then in 1449 elected Knight of the Shire for Cambridgeshire, when he was also elected Speaker of the House of Commons. In June 1449 he was made Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and in 1449 was appointed sheriff of Norfolk and Suffolk. By 1450, he was out of favor and in 1451 the Commons demanded his banishment from the court. However, he was pardoned in 1452.
From 1453 to 1478 he represented Hertfordshire in several Parliaments and was chosen to serve as speaker from 1463 to 1465 and again 1467 to 1468. In 1455 (until 1478 in three terms under Henry Bourchier, 1st Viscount Bourchier, 1st Earl of Essex) he held the post of under-Treasurer of the Exchequer and from 1476 that of Keeper of the Great Wardrobe.
He was made Knight of the Bath in 1465.
He died on 12 April 1478.
Marriage.
He married (1st) about 11 Nov. 1446 (grant of the king) Elizabeth, widow of Sir Frederick Tilney of Ashwellthorpe, Norfolk, and daughter of Sir Laurence or Lawrence Cheney (or Cheyne), Esq. (c. 1396 - 1461), of Fen Ditton, Fen Drayton, and Long Stanton, Cambridgeshire, Eaton (in Eaton Socon) and Pavenham, Bedfordshire, Irchester, Northamptonshire, etc., Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire, 1429–30, 1435–6, Knight of the Shire for Cambridgeshire, 1431, 1432, 1435, 1442, by Elizabeth, daughter of John Cokayne, of Berwardecote, Brunaldeston, and Hatton, Derbyshire, Chief Baron of the Exchequer, 1401, Justice of the Common Pleas, 1405–29, Chief Steward of the Duchy of Lancaster (Northern parts). His wife, Elizabeth, died 2 September 1473. Say married (2nd) before 9 Oct. 1474 Agnes Danvers, widow successively of John Fray, Knt., Chief Baron of Exchequer, and John Wenlock, K.G., Lord Wenlock, Speaker of the House of Commons, Chief Butler of England, Chamberlain of the Duchy of Lancaster, joint Treasurer of Ireland, Lieutenant of Calais, and daughter of John Danvers, Knt., Ipswell and Colthorpe, Oxfordshire.
Death.
Sir John and Lady Elizabeth Say are buried together at Broxbourne, Hertfordshire. They were survived by seven of their eight children (three sons and four daughters). Sir John Say was an ancestor of Jane Seymour, third wife of King Henry VIII. He was succeeded by his son William, who also became an MP and Sheriff for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2905353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905353" title="Myall">
Myall

Myalls are any of a group of closely related and very similar species of "Acacia":

</doc>
<doc id="2905358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905358" title="Mohra Sharif">
Mohra Sharif

Mohra Sharif (Holy Village; Mohra for "small village" and Sharif for "holy" or "noble") is a spiritual center and home of the Naqshbandia Mujaddadiya. Qasimiya Sufi order is a Naqshbandi in origin, and is based in a small village called Mohra Shareef located in the Murree Hills of Punjab, outside the Pakistani capital of Islamabad. It is located at the Eastern flank of Islamabad about one and a half hours drive from the Islamabad. It was made into a spiritual center by Ghous-e-Zaman Ala-Hazrat Baba Ji Khawaja Muhammad Qasim Sadiq (b. 1263 A.H.).
Khawaja's ancestors were migrated from Iran and settled in Rawalpindi District of Pakistan. Khawaja Sahib was the Ghaus-e-Zaman of his time better known among the Sufis as the Spiritual Sun on the horizon of the East. Khawaja Baba Ji's 120 years of life forms a proud chapter of Islamic renaissance in this region of Asia. His 700 Khalifa are all Auliyas with very high status among the Sufis.
Khawaja Baba Ji Sarkar is the Imam (Leader) of all Naqshbandis in Pakistan region .
Baba Ji Muhammad Qasim Sadiq died on 20 November 1943, leaving behind millions of disciples and devotees to mourn him. His funeral prayers were offered three times on the day of his demise due to theever swelling number of mourners attending his funeral.
After his death, the Qasmiya Order was led by his son Pir Mohammad Zahid khan Sahib and the order Nisbat-e-Rasooli was led by his eldest son Pir Nazir Ahmed Sahib.
Twice a year, in the last week of May and November, there are congregations ("urs paak"), attended by thousands of devotees, held to commemorate Khawaja Pir Muhammad Qasim Sadiq's (Baba Ji Sarkar).

</doc>
<doc id="2905368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905368" title="Squaw">
Squaw

Squaw is an English language loan-word, used as a noun or adjective, whose present meaning is an indigenous woman of North America. It is derived from the eastern Algonquian morpheme meaning 'woman' that appears in numerous Algonquian languages variously spelled squa, skwa, esqua, sqeh, skwe, que, kwa, ikwe, exkwew, xkwe, etc. At present, the term is often held to be offensive.
Algonquian language origins.
The words for 'woman' in the various Algonquian languages derive from Proto-Algonquian *. In the daughter languages, the first consonant sound has variously changed to /s/ (Narragansett "squaw", Cree "iskwēw"), /x/ (Lenape "xkwē" < "əxkwew"), or zero (Shawnee "ekwēwa", Ojibwe "ikwe"). The pronunciation "squaw" or "skwa" is found in the northerly Eastern Algonquian languages in New England and Quebec.
One of its earliest appearances in print is "the squa sachim, or queen" in "Mourt's Relation" (1622), one of the first chronicles of the Plymouth colony (Goddard 1997). William Wood similarly defined "Squaw - a woman" in his list, "A Small Nomenclature of the Indian Language," in "New England's Prospect" (Wood 1637). Roger Williams, founder of the Rhode Island colony, in his book "A Key Into the Language of America" (1643), published several words that exemplify the use of this morpheme in the Narragansett language:
Algonquian linguists and historians have confirmed that the term appears in almost all of the Algonquian languages, through such examples as "Narragansett squaw, probably with an abbreviation of eskwaw, cognate with the Delaware (Lenape) ochqueu, the Chippewa ikwe, the Cree iskwew, etc." (Hodge 1910).
The Saint Francis Abenaki Chief Joseph Laurent (1884) illustrated the neutral usage of the term among Abenaki speakers to refer to both Native and non-Native women. As a suffix it means "wife," as in "Sôgmò; —skua," translated as "A chief; chief's wife." Other examples are
The Abenakis' word for a queen, "Kinjamesiskua," recorded as "Kinjames'isqua" by another Abenaki author (Masta 1932), literally translates as "King James' wife."
In 1940, the anthropologist Frank Speck noted the appearance of this morpheme in various terms in the Penobscot language, including the following.
Some authors, such as Jonathan Periam describing American Indian corn-growing practices of the early 19th century in Illinois, used the word repeatedly, and nonchalantly. Frederick Webb Hodge from the Smithsonian Institution Bureau of Ethnology, in his "Handbook of American Indians North of Mexico" (1910), noted the widespread usage of this term across the region:
The adjective form of squaw has been widely applied to indigenous plants used by Native peoples as medicine specific to female complaints. The "Oxford English Dictionary" notes:
The "Handbook of American Indians North of Mexico" lists several such plants that are still prized by both traditional herbalists and modern pharmaceutical companies.
In general, from the 17th to the 19th century, Euro-American settlers learned to use "squaw," one of the many loan words adopted from Native American languages, as a generic term to identify American Indian women. Although there is obvious evidence that some colonists hated Indians (whom they insultingly depicted as "primitive savages"), and that some colonial men demeaned women of all colors, the term had, at that time, no universal derogatory connotation, sexual or not.
Controversy.
Early derogatory uses.
In some 19th- and 20th-century texts "squaw" is used or perceived as derogatory. Most of these uses are not sexual. One author, for example, referred to "the universal 'squaw' - squat, angular, pig-eyed, ragged, wretched, and insect-haunted" (Steele 1883). Squaw also became a derogatory adjective used against some men, in "squaw man," meaning either "a man who does woman's work" (similar to other languages) or "a white man married to an Indian woman and living with her people" (Hodge 1910). (This was a popular literary stereotype, as in "The Squaw Man".)
In a western novel by Max Brand (1926), a male character asks a female character about her intentions:
The writer Mourning Dove (1927), of Colville, Okanagan and Irish ancestry, showed her mixed-race heroine's opinion of the word:
Perhaps in view of such uses as those above, one early-20th-century dictionary of American usage called "squaw" "a contemptuous term" (Crowell 1928).
The activist LaDonna Harris, telling of her work in empowering Native American schoolchildren in the 1960s at Ponca City, Oklahoma, recounted:
In this case the term seems to have been regularly applied to girls in the lower grades of the elementary school, long before their puberty.
Claims of obscene meaning.
Some but not all Native American condemnation of "squaw" results from claims that it comes from a word for the vagina. 
An early comment in which "squaw" appears to have a sexual meaning is from the Canadian writer Pauline Johnson (1892), whose father was a Mohawk chief. She wrote about the title character in "An Algonquin Maiden" by G. Mercer Adam and A. Ethelwyn Wetherald:
Explicit statements that "squaw" came from a word meaning "female genitals" gained currency in the 1970s. Perhaps the first example was in Sanders and Peek (1973):
The controversy increased when Oprah Winfrey invited the Native American activist Suzan Harjo onto her show in 1992. Harjo said on the show that "squaw is an Algonquin Indian word meaning vagina." As a result of these claims, some Native people have taken to spelling the word sq***, or calling it the "s-word" (Bright n.d.). This purported etymology has been widely adopted as the rationale for removing the word from maps, road signs, history books, and other public uses (Adams 2000).
However, according to Ives Goddard, the curator and senior linguist in the anthropology department of the Smithsonian Institution, this statement is not true (Bright n. d.; Goddard 1997). The word was borrowed as early as 1621 from the Massachusett word "squa" (Cutler 1994; Goddard 1996, 1997), one of many variants of the Proto-Algonquian "*eθkwe·wa" (Goddard 1997); in those languages it meant simply "young woman." Although Algonquian linguists and historians (e.g. Goddard 1997, Bruchac 1999) have rejected Harjo's proposed etymology, it has been repeated by several journalists (e.g. Oprah Winfrey).
Goddard also writes:
Goddard does not rule out the possibility that the false etymology could have been believed by some non-Mohawks and thus does not rebut statements by Native people who trace the etymology to local memories of insulting language (e.g., Hagengruber 2006).
Some anecdotal evidence has also been found by Mohawk linguists that suggests that "otsikwa" may actually be a modern slang term for "cornmeal mush" (referred to by Palmer 2001).
Current status.
Apart from the linguistic debate, the word "squaw" has become offensive to many modern Native Americans because of usage that demeans Native women, ranging from condescending images (e.g., picture postcards depicting "Indian squaw and papoose") to racialized epithets (Green 1975). It is similar in tone to the words "Negress" and "Jewess," (Adams 2000) which treat ethnic women as if they were second-class citizens or exotic objects.
Some Native women have attempted to address this problem by calling attention to what they consider the appropriate indigenous context of this word (Palmer 2001) and proposing to reclaim it as "appropriate, traditional, and honorable" (Bruchac 1999). During a featured panel discussion titled "Squaw: Algonkian Linguistics and Colonial Politics" at the "All Women of Red Nations" Women's Studies Conference at Southern Connecticut State University in 2001, Native women from the Abenaki, Schaghticoke, and Wampanoag tribes stressed the need for accurate understandings of colonial histories, and respect for linguistic differences, to avoid misrepresenting and disrespecting Algonquian language recovery efforts (Bruchac, Fermino, and Richmond 2001).
The term has long been used by some western tribes such as the Navajo (or Dine), who practice a ceremonial "squaw dance." Some Native women have noted, however, that it seems inappropriate to use eastern Algonquian words to describe Native women of western tribes (Bruchac 1999, Mihuesah 2003).
Reflecting efforts to be more culturally sensitive, several dictionaries now warn that "squaw" is frequently considered to be, can be, or is offensive (NSOED, Merriam-Webster, and American Heritage, respectively).
Renaming placenames and terms with "squaw" in them.
Other Native people would like to see the word eliminated altogether regardless of its Algonquian origins and etymology. This desire has inspired a number of local initiatives, many controversial, to change the hundreds of placenames across America that contain "squaw".

</doc>
<doc id="2905372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905372" title="John E. Rooney (politician)">
John E. Rooney (politician)

John E. Rooney (born April 23, 1939) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he represented the 39th Legislative District. He served in the Assembly from 1983 to 2010, which made him the longest-serving representative in the General Assembly. He retired from the Assembly after his term expired in January 2010 and endorsed Republican Washington Township Councilman Bob Schroeder in the 2009 election who won his seat.
Biography.
Rooney served in the Assembly on the Environment and Solid Waste Committee and the Telecommunications and Utilities Committee. He has served on the Regulatory Oversight Committees and on the Intergovernmental Relations Commission. 
Rooney served as Mayor of Northvale, New Jersey from 1991 until his re-election defeat in 2006 and from 1979–1986 and was a member of the Borough Council from 1976–1978. He was a Commissioner serving on the Bergen County Utility Authority from 1983–1988.
Rooney graduated with an A.A.S. from Syracuse University (Language), received training at the Air Force Institute (Russian) and graduated with a B.S. degree from Rutgers University (Management). He served in the United States Air Force from 1961–1965 as an Airman First Class. Rooney's works as an Independent Consultant.
District 39.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 39th District for the 2008-2009 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2905377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905377" title="Battle of Argentovaria">
Battle of Argentovaria

The Battle of Argentovaria or Battle of Argentaria was fought in May 378 between the Roman Empire and the invading army of the Lentienses, a branch of the Alamanni, at Argentovaria (near Colmar, France). With this defeat, the Lentienses disappear from history.
The king of the Lentienses, Priarius, died during the battle. Emperor Gratian, who had given the command of the army for the battle to Naniemus and Mallobaudes, gained the title of "Alemannicus Maximus".

</doc>
<doc id="2905384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905384" title="Exhaust mixer">
Exhaust mixer

Turbofan engines often feature an exhaust mixer, where the bypass (cold) air is mixed with the core (hot) exhaust gases, before exhausting to atmospheric pressure through a common (mixed flow) propelling nozzle.
Benefits.
The mixer reduces the velocity of the exiting air, and consequently, reducing the amount of noise produced. Additionally, the temperature of the exhaust is reduced, rendering the thermal signature of the aircraft to be lower as well. This attribute is critical in military aircraft where thermal detection or heat-seeking weapons are used.
Mixer types.
Mixing efficiency is defined in a number of ways, but simply, compares the actual thrust gain (due to mixing) to that of the ideal case. Annular mixers have a low pressure loss, but a low mixing efficiency. Forced mixers can have a high mixing efficiency, but this is offset by a high pressure loss.
Mixers are extremely common on military turbofans, since long coaxial exhaust pipes (i.e. hot and cold) are avoided. Afterburning, with the associated variable area nozzle, is also easier to accommodate. 
Some high bypass ratio (e.g. civil) turbofans now feature a mixer, the advantage being a small thrust gain, which improves specific fuel consumption. Although the mixing process is not thorough, there is a jet noise benefit as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2905392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905392" title="Akathethara">
Akathethara


</doc>
<doc id="2905401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905401" title="Papoose">
Papoose

A papoose (from the Algonquian "papoos", meaning "child") is an American English loanword whose present meaning is "a Native American Indian child" (regardless of tribe) or, even more generally, any child, usually used as a term of endearment, often in the context of the child's mother. The word came originally from the Narragansett tribe. In 1643, Roger Williams recorded the word in his "A Key Into the Language of America," helping to popularize it.
Papoose carrier.
Cradle boards and other child carriers, which were used by Native American Indians and went by many names. In the United States and the United Kingdom, the term papoose is used to refer to a child carrier. 

</doc>
<doc id="2905402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905402" title="Belvédère tower">
Belvédère tower

The Tour du Belvédère is a 20 metre tall observation tower located on Belvédère mountain near Mulhouse in Alsace, France. Tour du Belvédère was designed by Ph. Ant. Fauler, built in 1898 and is reminiscent of the Eiffel Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="2905405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905405" title="Thomas Binney">
Thomas Binney

The Rev. Dr. Thomas Binney (1798–1874) was an English Congregationalist divine of the 19th century, popularly known as the 'Archbishop of Nonconformity'. He was noted for sermons and writings in defence of the principles of Nonconformity, for devotional verse, and for involvement in the cause of anti-slavery.
Biography.
Binney was born of Presbyterian parents at Newcastle-on-Tyne in 1798, and educated at an ordinary day school. He spent his first seven years in the employment of a G Angus, bookseller and printer of The Side, Newcastle, where he had as a fellow apprentice, Robert Emery. It was during this period that Emery wrote his song about "The Great Frost on the River Tyne" which caused the river to freeze over during January and February 1814. Binney is credited by Thomas Allan, in his Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings with finishing off the song. After his time with the bookseller, he entered the theological school at Wymondley, Hertfordshire, later incorporated in New College, Hampstead.
In 1829, after short pastorates at Bedford (New Meeting) and Newport, Isle of Wight, he accepted a call to the historic King's Weigh House Chapel, London in succession to the elder John Clayton. Here he became very popular, and it was found necessary to build a much larger chapel on Fish Street Hill, to which the congregation removed. Its eminent members included Samuel Morley MP.
Thomas Binney laid the foundation stone of the new chapel himself, in 1834. An address delivered on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone, published with an appendix containing a strong attack on the influence of the Church of England, gave rise to a long and bitter controversy. Throughout his career Binney was a vigorous opponent of the state church principle, though he maintained friendly relations with many of the dignitaries of the Established Church. From 1865 to 1869 Llewelyn David Bevan assisted Binney at King's Weigh House Chapel.
His liberality of view and breadth of ecclesiastical sympathy entitle him to rank, on questions of Nonconformity, among the most distinguished of the school of Richard Baxter. Indeed, he became known as 'the Archbishop of Nonconformity'.
Thomas Binney was an active member of the British and Foreign Anti-slavery Society formed in 1839, which became "Anti-Slavery International" in 1990. A painting at the National Portrait Gallery in London shows '"The 1840 Anti-slavery Convention" (the first World Anti-Slavery Convention) identifying many of its key participants, with Thomas Clarkson introducing the event chaired by the Rev. Thomas Binney. In 1853, when the African-American abolitionist Samuel Ringgold Ward came to Britain to raise funds for the "Anti-slavery Society of Canada", a time when there was a vast influx of escaped slaves from the United States seeking refuge in the British colony, he brought letters of introduction to Thomas Binney, planning to seek help initially from fellow Congregationalist's in London such as Binney, James Sherman and Josiah Conder. Thomas Binney later became the biographer of Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, a leading parliamentary abolitionist.
He continued to discharge the duties of the ministry until 1869, when he resigned. In 1845 he paid a visit to Canada and the United States, and in 1857-1859 to the Australian colonies. The University of Aberdeen conferred the LL.D. degree on him in 1852, and he was twice chairman of the Congregational Union of England and Wales.
Binney pioneered changes to the forms of service in Nonconformist churches, and gave a special impulse to congregational psalmody by the publication of a book entitled "The Service of Song in the House of the Lord". Of numerous other works the best-known is his "Is it Possible to Make the Best of Both Worlds?", an expansion of a lecture delivered to young men in Exeter Hall, which attained a circulation of 30,000 copies within a year of its publication. He wrote much devotional verse, including the well-known hymn "Eternal Light! Eternal Light!"
Binney preached his last sermon in November 1873. After some months of suffering, he died on 24 February 1874. Dean Stanley assisted at his funeral service in Abney Park Cemetery, Stoke Newington, London, where today his monument, a tall pink granite obelisk, can still be seen near to that of William Booth, close to Church Street.
See also.
Geordie dialect words

</doc>
<doc id="2905411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905411" title="Streels of Urtah">
Streels of Urtah

The Streels of Urtah is a location in the fantasy novels "Shardik" and "Maia" by Richard Adams.
Shardik.
"Shardik" is a novel of the ancient struggle between good and evil, and some of the effects of faith on the behaviour of human beings. In it the The Streels of Urtah are depicted as a dreadful place where people who have done much evil are sent, without their knowledge, by God.
Guardians and Priests live near the Streels. Their job is to kill anyone who enters the Streels, since they believe only the evil are drawn to the Streels by God. Shardik descends into the Streels and remains there overnight, and the guardian attempts to kill him, but he escapes and leaves the Streels in the morning. It is understood that he must die, and that there is no reprieve, but it is suggested that his death will be redemptive and that he will accomplish the will of God in dying. 
There is a strong suggestion of the Christian story of Christ's sacrificial death, even drawing perhaps on the account of the descent of Christ into the place of the dead. However, at all times, Shardik's identity is maintained in an ambiguous form; it is never explicitly stated that he was divine, but only that people believed it of him. The device gives a fascination to the plot, and in several other parts of the story, faith and belief in God are treated with a similar emphasis to that in Christianity. In effect, the story of Shardik, his life, his entry into and exit from the Streels, and his sacrificial death, strongly suggest that the author is imagining a mythical, prehistoric, pointer to the Christian story.
Maia.
In Maia, Adams's other novel set in the Beklan Empire, the girl Occula also enters the Streels at the prompting of those nameless spirits who have impelled her throughout, to pursue and kill Fornis, the depraved and cruel ruler of Bekla, who has herself entered the Streels at the prompting of those same spirits. She does this by causing Fornis to stab herself, and she becomes aware that the Streels are for those who have committed crimes for which there is no forgiveness or redemption. Occula has herself entered the Streels and her life is therefore forfeit - deodand - she has to stay apart from the world for a long time to recover herself, tended by the priest, guardian of the Streels.

</doc>
<doc id="2905412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905412" title="Ee ja nai ka">
Ee ja nai ka

In West Japan, eejanaika appeared at first in the form of dancing festivals, often related to public works, rain magic, or dances for the dead. When sacred amulets were said to have fallen from heaven, thanksgiving celebrations for these amulets were added that could last for several days and effectively took whole rural and urban communities away from everyday life. Gifts were exchanged, youth groups organized mass dancing including cross-dressing, wearing costumes, or not wearing clothes at all. To express their gratitude towards the gods or buddhas who had given them the amulets, many people went on pilgrimages to local or regional sanctuaries. The term "ee ja nai ka" was a refrain in popular songs performed during these activities and was therefore later chosen as their title. The phrase's meaning is both defiant and fatalistic, and it translates as "Who cares?", "Why not?", or "What the hell?", along the lines of "'Who cares if we take our clothes off," "Who cares if we have sex.'"
The great diversity and rivalry of religious practice in premodern Japan helped shape the range of events. It has been suggested that religious activists, such as priests and itinerant preachers, played a major role in fabricating the "amulet showers," and some suspects were even caught in action by alert officers. Youth interested in celebrating parties, or in becoming spiritual leaders, were also suspected and in some cases convicted.
"Ee ja nai ka" was not linked to any specific political platform, though it is often understood "as a form of political protest when other ways blocked,"" in reaction to the crumbling Tokugawa shogunate. Disappointment regarding the lack of governing political leadership, disgust at Western and Christian foreigners, and other signs of social/political critique were frequently displayed. There is no evidence for any coordinated political setup or staging of "Ee ja nai ka", although this was also rumoured. 
The movement spread across Japan, eventually descending leading to mob violence before coming to an end. The end of eijanaika was concurrent with the beginning of the Meiji Restoration and the Western-style modernization of Japan.
In 1981, Japanese director Shōhei Imamura produced his film
"Eijanaika" which gives a deliberately historically incorrect interpretation of the events but nevertheless catches the unstable and tense atmosphere of the age.
Imamura had previously helped write the 1957 Yuzo Kawashima film on the period, . This era was also depicted in the 1969 Kihachi Okamoto-directed Toshirō Mifune film, .

</doc>
<doc id="2905415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905415" title="Rottingdean">
Rottingdean

Rottingdean is a coastal village next to the town of Brighton and within the city of Brighton and Hove, in East Sussex, on the south coast of England. It borders the villages of Saltdean, Ovingdean and Woodingdean, and has an historic centre, often the subject of picture postcards.
Name.
The name is Old English for "valley of the people associated with Rōta" (a male personal name). Rota was probably the leader of a band of warlike Saxons who invaded the region in 450–500 AD and decimated the existing Romano-British inhabitants. The first recorded mention is in the Domesday Book ("Rotingeden", 1086). Other variations to be found in ancient charters include "Ruttingedene" (1272), "Rottyngden" (1315) and "Rottendeane" (1673).
Rottingdean is in a dry valley whose sides in the upper reaches are quite steep, and this valley comes right down to the English Channel coast. The name was contrasted unflatteringly with Goodwood (another place in Sussex) in a national 1970s advertising campaign for wood preserver.
History.
Rottingdean has about 2,500 inhabitants. For most of its history it was a farming community, but from the late 18th century it attracted leisured visitors wanting a genteel alternative to raffish Brighton, among them some names famous in English cultural life. Some, in the late 19th century, notably the painter Sir Edward Burne-Jones and his nephew Rudyard Kipling, made it their home. Kipling's old house adjacent to Kipling Gardens is still standing, and the former house of the painter Sir William Nicholson is currently open to the public as a library and museum. When farming collapsed in the 1920s, much of the farmland became available for building, and Rottingdean increased significantly in population, but especially in the area known as Saltdean. A large number of smallholdings appeared in the detached part of the parish called Woodingdean.
In the summer of 1377 French pirates raided Rottingdean. The raiders probably intended to pillage the nearby Lewes priory. The raiders were detected as they landed, and a portion of the village's inhabitants retreated into the church's Saxon-built tower. The pirates were unable to take the tower and set it on fire; over a hundred people are thought to have died in the blaze. The next day the pirates were met by a force led by the Lewes Prior. During the action, two knights, Sir John Fallisle, Thomas Chinie and the prior were captured. The pirates were, however, driven to depart, with the three men later being ransomed.
Rottingdean is also notable for the black wooden windmill on the hill on its western side. Nicholson made a woodcut that was used as the logo of the publisher William Heinemann; this is often said to have been a depiction of Rottingdean mill, but a glance at both will show that this is untrue. The Rottingdean Preservation Society and its earlier incarnations have been responsible for maintaining the windmill since 1923. It was successful in getting a Heritage Lottery Fund Grant of £41,800 which together with funding from the society has ensured that the windmill remains a remarkable Grade 1 listed attraction in the 21st century. The hill is a local nature reserve. It was also well known for sport, having a cricket club founded in 1758 and having been a centre of fox hunting, especially in the second half of the 19th century.
The shop, the Old Customs House, was the inspiration for the "local" shop in The League of Gentlemen.
Parish church.
Its most historic other building is its probably 13th century church of St Margaret, built of flint and having a short spire with a cap. An almost exact replica has been built at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, California. The Rottingdean church features stained glass by Edward Burne-Jones, whose ashes are buried in the churchyard. Other modestly well-known burials include those of the Victorian novelist William Black, Burne-Jones's granddaughter the author Angela Thirkell, and the 1920s music hall star G. H. Elliott, known professionally as "The Chocolate-Coloured Coon". Here is also the grave of the last "squire" of Rottingdean, Steyning Beard, who died in 1909; much of his land was ultimately sold off to pay his debts.
The famous blues guitarist Gary Moore is buried at the church after his death in February 2011.
Residents.
Most of these well-known people were not local, and had settled in or retired to Rottingdean. The village also had home-grown talent of significance, notably the Copper Family who maintained a long tradition of English folk song, performing for the collector Kate Lee as early as 1892. Its best-known member was Bob Copper (1915–2004), also known as a writer. The Rottingdean Preservation Society recognised their importance in the village and erected a plaque in 2010 at 1 Challoner's Cottages, partly funded from its own resources but complemented by a donation from the English Folk Dancing Society.
The first garage for motor cars was run by Charles Thomas, a former pupil of York Place School in Brighton, in the early years of the 20th century. In about 1902 Charles met the American financier Charles Glidden, and the two men embarked together on a round trip of the world, visiting many countries and cities – this was the start of the famous Glidden Tour. It is thought that Charles Thomas also worked on a machine to achieve perpetual motion, and kept one running in his basement for many months.
Most histories of Rottingdean mention that its inhabitants were involved in smuggling when that was especially profitable, mainly in the 18th century. It is impossible to verify all the local stories, or believe all the claims about secret passages under the village, but it is persistently rumoured that the 18th century vicar Dr Thomas Hooker was deeply implicated. The other face of Hooker was his devotion to education. He opened schools in the village both for the well-off (which developed eventually into the present St Aubyn's Preparatory School) and for the local children.
World War I veteran Henry Allingham was a resident of St Dunstan's, mentioned below. Allingham was the oldest man in the world and the last founder member of the RAF when he died in July 2009.
Civil status and former extent of the area.
The parish became part of county borough of Brighton in 1928. It recently regained an independent parish council, the only one in what is now the city of Brighton and Hove. Within the parish lies the deserted hamlet of Balsdean. The adjacent village of Woodingdean was formerly (until 1933) part of Rottingdean parish. Also formerly in the parish were most of the district of what is now Saltdean, Roedean School, an independent school for girls, and the Blind Veterans UK Centre, a rehabilitation centre for blinded ex-Service personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="2905423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905423" title="S.E.F. Torres 1903">
S.E.F. Torres 1903

Società di Educazione Fisica Torres 1903 (usually referred to simply as Torres) is an Italian association football club based in Sassari, Sardinia. The team currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
History.
Foundation.
The club, that is the oldest football team in Sardinia, was founded in 1903 as "Società di Educazione Fisica Torres" and renamed in 1920 as "Torres Calcio".
The three refoundations.
The club was refounded in 1991 as "Polisportiva Sassari Torres". Torres played in Serie C1 in 2005–06 season, finishing 3rd and qualifying for the promotion playoffs. It lost in the semifinal round: 2–0 on aggregate to Grosseto.
The club went bankrupt and was refounded in 2006 as "Sassari Torres 1903" and placed in Serie C2.
After the second season in C2, in 2008, the club ceased again operations due to financial troubles and was refounded with the current denomination. The club competed, for the 2008–09 season, in Promozione, the 7th level of Italian football. At the end of the season, the club gained direct promotion to Eccellenza after finishing in the first place.
The 2011-12 season was one of the most successful in the club's recent history: Torres won the Coppa Italia Sardinia and finished first in Eccellenza Sardinia and was so promoted to the 2012-13 Serie D.
In 2012-13 Serie D Torres finished first in Girone G and was promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are red and blue.
Women's team.
The women's team Torres Calcio Femminile has won six Serie A titles and eight Italian Women's Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="2905426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905426" title="Battle of Thyatira">
Battle of Thyatira

The Battle of Thyatira was fought in 366 at Thyatira, Phrygia (modern Turkey), between the army of the Roman Emperor Valens and the army of the usurper Procopius, led by his general Gomoarius.
The defeat of Gomoarius decreased the hopes of Procopius, so that, when Valens reached Procopius and his troops at Nacoleia, the troops of the usurper deserted their commander, and Procopius was imprisoned and killed by Valens.

</doc>
<doc id="2905434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905434" title="Eugen-Keidel Tower">
Eugen-Keidel Tower

Eugen-Keidel Tower is a 31 metre-high observation tower location on the Schauinsland mountain near Freiburg, Germany. It was built in 1981. The Eugen-Keidel Tower has an extraordinary design with a triangular cross section.

</doc>
<doc id="2905439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905439" title="Doreen Knatchbull, Baroness Brabourne">
Doreen Knatchbull, Baroness Brabourne

Doreen Knatchbull, Baroness Brabourne, CI (29 May 1896–28 August 1979) was an Anglo-Irish aristocrat, socialite and murder victim of the Provisional IRA.
Family life.
Lady Brabourne was born The Lady Doreen Geraldine Browne, the third daughter of George Ulick Browne 6th Marquess of Sligo and Agatha Stewart Hodgson, granddaughter of William Forsyth QC. On 22 January 1919, she married Hon. Michael Knatchbull, a son of Cecil Knatchbull-Hugessen, 4th Baron Brabourne and his eventual successor. 
They had two children:
On 15 February 1933, her husband succeeded his father as 5th Baron Brabourne and Doreen became The Lady Brabourne.
Death.
On 27 August 1979, the dowager Lady Brabourne was seriously injured in an explosion which killed Lord Mountbatten (the father of her younger son's wife), their grandson Nicholas, and a local fishing boy Paul Maxwell, on Donegal Bay, County Sligo. A bomb had been planted in Lord Mountbatten's fishing boat by a member of the Provisional IRA. Lady Brabourne died the next day.
Commemoration.
Her name is commemorated by the eponymous Lady Brabourne College, which was established in 1939 as the first women's college for Muslim women in Calcutta, India. She took the initiative in establishing this institution following complaints from Muslim girls that they were discriminated against by the Hindu establishment at the elite Bethune College, which is incidentally the first women's college in India.

</doc>
<doc id="2905443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905443" title="IPOD generation">
IPOD generation

The IPOD generation stands for Insecure, Pressured, Over-taxed, and Debt-ridden. The term was first used in the Reform report 'The Class of 2005 - the IPOD generation', written by Professor Nick Bosanquet and Blair Gibbs.
Due to diminishing returns for higher education, high-levels of taxation, and a demographic shift in welfare arrangements which will place ever greater burdens on the young, people under 35 are facing serious long-term issues which many governments are ignoring. Affordability of housing, especially in countries like Ireland and the UK has dropped in the past few years, pricing many young people out of the market. All of this has meant people under 35 now face future tax burdens and standards of living which may be inferior to their potential, based on past projections.

</doc>
<doc id="2905458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905458" title="Tad Jones">
Tad Jones

Thaddeus Bunol "Tad" Jones (19 September 1952 – 1 January 2007) was a music historian and researcher. His extensive research is credited with definitively establishing and documenting Louis Armstrong's correct birth date, August 4, 1901.
Life and career.
Jones was a native and resident of New Orleans, Louisiana. A graduate of Loyola University of New Orleans, he developed an interest in the music and history of New Orleans at a young age and conducted important oral history interviews with musicians while still in his teens. While earning an degree in Communications at Loyola, Jones was named Music Director of the university's radio station, WLDC and served from 1971-74. Frequently, Jones merged his broadcasting training with his musical historical expertise to promote New Orleans music in the station's playlist. This, in turn, gained the attention and influenced the programming of numerous record companies and album-oriented rock and jazz broadcast outlets through the United States. Jones also used Loyola's WLDC recording facilities in pioneering the taped oral history interviews of numerous New Orleans musicians from every period and style of New Orleans music. The William Ransom Hogan Jazz Archive at Tulane University now houses many of the interviews.
Jones contributed significantly to fostering and researching American rhythm & blues, early rock & roll and jazz. He was one of the "Fabulous Fo'teen," the founding members of Tipitina's, New Orleans's landmark music club established in 1977 and dedicated to Professor Longhair as a place for Longhair to perform until his death in 1980. Jones co-authored the liner notes of Longhair's final original records, "Crawfish Fiesta." He was involved in the founding of New Orleans community radio station WWOZ-FM. He was also involved in the organization of "Piano Night," a celebration of piano originally presented at Tipitina's on the Monday following the first weekend of the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival as a benefit for the radio station.
Jones taught a popular and acclaimed course on the history of New Orleans Rhythm & Blues at University of New Orleans in the late 1980s. Jones also managed music publishing for The Radiators as General Manager of the band's Fishhead Music. He served as an original Program Organizer of New Orleans's Satchmo SummerFest, the city's annual conference and celebration of Louis Armstrong's birthday which draws a choice roster of scholars and fans to New Orleans. Jones also served as a consultant for multiple documentaries and films. Jones co-authored the history of post-World War II New Orleans Rhythm and Blues, "Up from the Cradle of Jazz," with Jason Berry and Johnathan Foose.
At his death, Jones was researching and writing a long-anticipated biography of the early life of Louis Armstrong. The book was said to be near completion when Jones died.
Jones died unexpectedly on January 1, 2007 after an accidental fall outside his Uptown New Orleans home. He was interred in Metairie Cemetery following a "jazz funeral" organized by New Orleans musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="2905476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905476" title="Martin Zellar">
Martin Zellar

Martin Zellar (born June 14, 1963) is a Minnesota-based musician and songwriter. 
While still in high school, Zellar formed his first band, Fallout, with childhood friend and bassist Nick Ciola. Zellar and Ciola have played in bands together for more than 30 years. 
Upon graduation, Zellar moved to the Twin Cities and in 1984 joined fellow Austin, Minnesotans Ciola, guitarist Randy Broughten, and drummer and fellow songwriter James "Billy" Dankert as the Gear Daddies. The band enjoyed much regional and some national success, and released three albums. They officially broke up in 1992, but began playing enthusiastically attended reunion shows a few years later. 
With the dissolution of the Gear Daddies, the songwriter began making albums and performing with a band that would become known as Martin Zellar and The Hardways, including at various times Nick Ciola, Scott Wenum, Wilson Zellar, Jesse Duke, Luke Kramer, Whelan Keenan, Dan Neale, Adam Levy, Noah Levy, Jon Duncan, Marc Retish, Patrik Tanner and Randy Broughten. 
In the late '90s, Zellar began singing with a Neil Diamond tribute band that remains popular into the present. Neil! includes musicians Ali Gray, Patrik Tanner, Scott Wenum, Nick Ciola, and JJ Benson. 
In 2007, Zellar's song I wanna drive the Zamboni, which appears in various movies and television shows, and is ubiquitous at hockey games, was released as a single. The song was originally a hidden track on the Gear Daddies album "Billy's Live Bait". 
On February 10, 2012 Martin Zellar and the Hardways kicked off a tour in support of new album Rooster's Crow. Pat Maske produced, and it includes the talents of Kelly Willis, Lloyd Maines, Kevin McKinney, Bukka Allen (Bodeans), Chojo Jacques, Brian Standefer (Alejandro Escovedo), Billy Bright (Peter Rowan), Michael Ramos (John Mellencamp), and Terri Hendrix. Chris Riemenschneider of the Minneapolis StarTribune calls it "the best record of his 25-year career." 
Martin Zellar is the brother of writer Brad Zellar.

</doc>
<doc id="2905496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905496" title="Johann Jacob Roemer">
Johann Jacob Roemer

Johann Jacob Roemer (8 January 1763, Zurich – 15 January 1819) was a physician and professor of botany in Zurich, Switzerland. He was also an entomologist.
With Austrian botanist Joseph August Schultes, he published the 16th edition of Carolus Linnaeus' "Systema Vegetabilium".
Roemer's "Genera insectorum" is a most attractive Swiss publication on entomology. The splendid hand-coloured plates were drawn and engraved by the Swiss artist J.R. Schellenberg, an entomologist himself and therefore familiar with structural details.
In 1793, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. The botanical genus "Roemeria" from the family Papaveraceae is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2905498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905498" title="Nearest-neighbor interpolation">
Nearest-neighbor interpolation

Nearest-neighbor interpolation (also known as proximal interpolation or, in some contexts, point sampling) is a simple method of multivariate interpolation in one or more dimensions.
Interpolation is the problem of approximating the value of a function for a non-given point in some space when given the value of that function in points around (neighboring) that point. The nearest neighbor algorithm selects the value of the nearest point and does not consider the values of neighboring points at all, yielding a piecewise-constant interpolant. The algorithm is very simple to implement and is commonly used (usually along with mipmapping) in real-time 3D rendering to select color values for a textured surface.
Connection to Voronoi diagram.
For a given set of points in space, a Voronoi diagram is a decomposition of space into cells, one for each given point, so that anywhere in space, the closest given point is inside the cell. This is equivalent to nearest neighbour interpolation, by assigning the function value at the given point to all the points inside the cell. The figures on the right side show by colour the shape of the cells.

</doc>
<doc id="2905506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905506" title="C. Delores Tucker">
C. Delores Tucker

Cynthia Delores Tucker (née Nottage) (October 4, 1927 – October 12, 2005) was an African-American, politician, and civil rights activist best known for her participation in the Civil Rights Movement and her stance against gangsta rap music.
Early life.
Born in Philadelphia to a minister from the Bahamas and a "Christian feminist mother" on October 4, 1927, she was the tenth of thirteen children. Tucker attended Temple University and the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. She was later the recipient of two honorary doctoral degrees from Morris College in Sumter, South Carolina and Villa Maria College in Pennsylvania, and for this reason, she is sometimes referred to as "Dr. Tucker". 
In 1951, she married William "Bill" Tucker, a successful Philadelphia real estate agent and she herself worked in real estate and insurance sales early in her career.
Civil activities.
Tucker had a long history in the Civil Rights Movement. Early on, her civil activities included participating in the 1965 march in Selma, Alabama alongside the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and raising funds for the NAACP.
In 1990, Tucker, along with 15 other African American women and men, formed the African-American Women for Reproductive Freedom. She was the convening founder and national chair of the National Congress of Black Women, Inc. (NCBW), having succeeded the Hon. Shirley Chisholm in 1992. 
Tucker also was responsible for the Governor’s appointment of more women judges and more women and African Americans to boards and commissions than ever before. She also led the effort to make Pennsylvania one of the first states to pass the Equal Rights Amendment. As Chief of Elections of Pennsylvania, she was a leader in instituting a voter registration by mail and reducing the voting age from 21 to 18 years of age
Political career.
In 1971, Tucker became the first black female Secretary of State when Pennsylvania Governor Milton Shapp appointed her Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. During her tenure, she instituted the first Commission on the Status of Women. Shapp fired Tucker in September 1977 for allegedly using state employees to write speeches for which she received honorariums. Two years later, one of Tucker's successors as Secretary of the Commonwealth, Dr. Ethel D. Allen, would also be fired for using public employees to write speeches. 
She was founder and president of the Bethune-DuBois Institute, Inc., which she established in 1991 to promote the cultural development of African American youth through scholarships and educational programs. Tucker also launched, and served as publisher of the publication, "Vital Issues: The Journal of African American Speeches".
Hip hop music.
Tucker dedicated much of the last few years of her life to condemning sexually explicit lyrics in rap and hip-hop tracks, citing a concern that the lyrics were misogynistic and threatened the moral foundation of the African American community.
Called "narrow-minded" by some rappers who often mentioned her in their lyrics, Tucker picketed stores that sold rap music and bought stock in Sony, Time Warner, and other companies in order to protest hip-hop at their shareholders' meetings. She also fought against the NAACP's decision to nominate late rapper Tupac Shakur for one of its Image Awards and filed a $10 million lawsuit against his estate for comments that the rapper made in his song "How Do U Want It?" on the album "All Eyez on Me", in which Shakur rapped "" C. Delores Tucker you's a motherfucker / Instead of trying to help a nigga you destroy a brother"". In her lawsuit, Tucker claimed that comments in this song, and on the track "Wonda Why They Call U Bitch" from the same album, inflicted emotional distress, were slanderous and invaded her privacy. This case was eventually dismissed.
A number of famous rappers have taken their stance against her. In his song "Church for Thugs", The Game raps ""I've got more hatred in my soul than Pac had for De'ores Tucker"." Jay-Z chimes in as well, with the lines ""I don't care if you're C. Dolores Tucker or you're Bill O'Reilly, you only riling me up"," from "The Black Album's" "Threat." Much of KRS-ONE and Channel Live's "Free Mumia" is a direct criticism of what the MCs see as Tucker's misplaced energy. Lil' Kim also referenced her in a leftover track entitled "Rockin' It" from her second studio album, where she raps ""C. Delores T., Screw her, I never knew her"", after Tucker dubbed her music "gangsta porno rap". Lil Wayne also referenced her in his leftover song "Million Dollar Baby" rapping "Can't be banned I'm sorry Miss Delores." Rapper Eminem also mentioned Tucker in the D-12 song "Rap Game", in which he rapped the line "Tell that C. Delores Tucker slut to suck a dick." Tucker later went on to serve on the Advisory Board of the Parents Television Council until her death in 2005.
Accolades.
Selected as one of "25 of the World’s Most Intriguing People" by "People" magazine, Tucker was also selected as a "People Magazine" 1996 Yearbook Honoree, and was featured in the inaugural issue of John F. Kennedy, Jr.'s "George" magazine for her crusade against gangsta rap. In addition, she has been acknowledged for her deep concern for children by First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton in the book "It Takes A Village". The National Women's Political Caucus and "Redbook" also named her as the woman best qualified to be Ambassador to the United Nations. For five consecutive years, from 1972 through 1977, she was listed as among "Ebony" magazine's "100 Most Influential Black Americans". During that period, she was listed as "Ladies Home Journal" Nominee for Woman of the Year in both 1975 and 1976. She was recognized by "Ebony" as one of the '100 Most Influential Black Organization Leaders' in the country in 2001 and 2002. Tucker was also a prominent member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority.
On April 25, 2006, a state historical marker honoring Tucker was unveiled during a ceremony at the State Museum of Pennsylvania, in Harrisburg. The unveiling of the marker was done by Governor Ed Rendell and Bill Tucker. 
In addition, it was announced that the North Building, which is adjacent to the State Capitol Building, was to be renamed the Secretary C. Delores Tucker Building. The state marker, which was commissioned by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, was installed outside the entrance to the building. 
The marker reads:
C. Delores Tucker
1927—2005
Civil rights leader and activist for
women, she was the first African American
Secretary of State in the nation.
Championed the PA Equal Rights Amendment
and policies on affirmative action, voter
registration by mail, and lowering the
voting age to 18. Spearheaded the creation
of the Commission on the Status of Women &
led a successful crusade critical of the
music industry and lyrics demeaning to
women, African Americans, and children.
Death.
Tucker died on Wednesday, October 12, 2005 at Suburban Woods Health Center in Norristown, Pennsylvania at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="2905507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905507" title="Army Group B">
Army Group B

Army Group B was the name of three different German Army Groups that saw action during World War II.
Battle for France.
The first was involved in the Western Campaign in 1940 in Belgium and the Netherlands which was to be aimed to conquer the Maas bridges after the German airborne actions in Rotterdam. Army Group B had approximately 300,000 men involved in these operations which occurred in May 1940.
Eastern Front.
The second Army Group B was formed when Army Group South was split into two formations for the summer offensive of 1942. Army Group B was given the task of protecting the northern flank of Army Group A, and included the 6th Army's attack on Stalingrad.
In February 1943, the existing Army Group B and Army Group Don were combined to create a new Army Group South. This was done on the Eastern Front.
Italy and northern France.
A new Army Group B was formed in northern Italy under Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in 1943, to defend against a possible allied attack there.
Army Group B was subsequently moved to northern France to defend against the D-Day landings, 6 June 1944. On 19 July, Field Marshal Günther von Kluge took command from Rommel. About one month later, on 17 August, Field Marshal Walter Model replaced von Kluge. From 1944 to 1945, the army group fought in the campaigns in France. Army Group B participated in the Battle of Normandy. Moving to the Low Countries, Model received a shock when his HQ was located at Osterbeek close to Arnhem during the 17 September start of Operation Market Garden before the army group participated in the Battle of the Bulge. Finally, Army Group B was isolated in the Ruhr Pocket in northern Germany and, after being divided up into smaller and smaller sections, the final section was surrendered on 21 April 1945.
Commanders.
Western Front
Eastern Front
Northern Italy/Northern France

</doc>
<doc id="2905511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905511" title="Late effect">
Late effect

In medicine, a late effect is a condition that appears after the acute phase of an earlier, causal condition has run its course. A late effect can be caused directly by the earlier condition, or indirectly by the treatment for the earlier condition. Some late effects can occur decades later. Historically, late effects have been very difficult to connect with their causes, but as survivorship and life span has increased and "follow up" has become standard practice, these connections are becoming established.

</doc>
<doc id="2905514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905514" title="Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.">
Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.

Bassano Virtus 55 Soccer Team is an Italian association football club, based in Bassano del Grappa, Veneto. 
The club currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. 
The team is owned by Renzo Rosso, the entrepreneur "king of the casual" and founder of Diesel, a company best known for the jeans.
History.
Foundation.
Bassano Virtus 55 Soccer Team was founded in 1920 as U.S. Bassano ("Unione Sportiva Bassano") and merged with cross-city rivals A.C. Virtus in 1968. In 1996 the club took its current name: the number 55 stands for 1955, owner Renzo Rosso's birthyear. Nowadays, Bassano Virtus is also the only Italian professional football club to use "soccer" instead of "football" in its full name.
Serie C2 and Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In the 2005–06 season the club debuted in Serie C2, but after suffering a defeat in Montichiari in the last match, they finished only 12th.
In the 2006-07 Serie C2 season the club reached the playoffs, but was defeated by Calcio Lecco 1912, which was later promoted to Serie C1.
In their third consecutive season in Serie C2 (now renamed Lega Pro Seconda Divisione), Bassano had an excellent start: the club peaked the league after 5 days and kept the position in isolation until the 23rd day, thanks to a series of eight consecutive wins. The attacking tactics of coach Ezio Gelerean led the team a step away from promotion: with only 4 matches left, the club is first, 3 points ahead of runners-up A.C. Reggiana 1919. In the end of the season Bassano Virtus was surpassed by Reggiana and later lost the promotion play-off final with Calcio Portogruaro-Summaga (2–3 in Portogruaro and 1–2 in Bassano del Grappa) also due to a penalty not granted to Bassano, that could have changed the outcame of the match. However, the club was able to win Coppa Italia Lega Pro by defeating Benevento Calcio with the overwhelming result of 5-0.
Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
At the end of 2009-10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, the club obtained the repechage in Lega Pro Prima Divisione, given the number of teams in financial difficulty.
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Bassano in the season 2011-12 was relegated from Lega Pro Prima Divisione to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. In 2013–14 season the club promoted as champions of Group A of Seconda Divisione. At the end of season also saw the merger of the two divisions of Lega Pro, as well as reduction of 69 teams to 60 teams. In 2013–14 Seconda Divisione season already saw re-admission of 2 teams that originally relegated, as well as 4 additional teams from Serie D.
Serie C.
Bassano was among the original 60 teams in Serie C since its reestablishment in 2014.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are yellow and red.
Stadium.
The team plays their home games at the Stadio Rino Mercante of Bassano del Grappa, with 2,952 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="2905520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905520" title="Paul Vallely">
Paul Vallely

Paul Vallely CMG is a leading British writer on religion, ethics, Africa and development issues. He first coined, in his seminal 1990 book "Bad Samaritans: First World Ethics and Third World Debt", the expression that campaigners needed to move "from charity to justice" – a slogan that was taken up by Jubilee 2000 and Live 8.
He is now a writer and consultant on ethics, religion and international development. He is Visiting Professor in Public Ethics at the University of Chester and a Senior Fellow at the Brooks World Poverty Institute at the University of Manchester.
His best-selling biography "Pope Francis - Untying the Knots", published by Bloomsbury in 2013, has been translated into four other languages.
Career.
Vallely was correspondent for "The Times" in Ethiopia during the great famine of 1984/85. He was commended as International Reporter of the Year for his reports which Bob Geldof described as "vivid, intelligent, moving and brave". Vallely was the only British correspondent to leave the easy air routes to the feeding camps and strike off across country to find out what was really going on. He uncovered a number of scandals the Marxist government were trying to keep hidden, was pronounced "an enemy of the revolution", arrested by the secret police and was expelled from the country. He subsequently reported from across Africa, and elsewhere, covering wars and events in 30 different countries across the globe.
He has worked for many British national newspapers including The Times, Daily Telegraph, Sunday Correspondent, Sunday Times (where he edited the News Review section), Independent on Sunday (where he was executive editor and then a weekly columnist) and The Independent where he was a leader-writer. Until April 2013 he was associate editor of the UK newspaper "The Independent" where he still writes about ethical, cultural, political and religious issues. (He was once referred to by Peter Wilby in "New Statesman" as "the "Independent's" resident saint"). He is also a columnist for "The Church Times" and "Third Way Magazine". He is a director of "The Tablet". As a freelance he has written for The Independent, Sunday Times, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Church Times and Third Way magazine.
Activism.
In 2004/05 Vallely was co-author of the report of the Commission for Africa set up by the British prime minister, Tony Blair, of which Bob Geldof was a member. Vallely ghost-wrote Geldof's autobiography, "Is That It?" in 1985 and travelled with Bob Geldof across Africa to decide how to spend the £100m raised by Live Aid and was involved in the organisation of Live 8.
Bob Geldof paid tribute to his influence in a lecture to the Bar Human Rights Committee Lecture, St. Paul’s Cathedral in which he said: "In his book "Bad Samaritans" of 1990 Paul Vallely wrote correctly: 'For all his skill as a populist Bob Geldof could not shift the agenda from one of charity to one of justice.” Well maybe after 20 years we’ve finally got there." The founders of Jubilee 2000, Martin Dent and Bill Peters, have also acknowledged being inspired by Vallely's book. (The book is sometimes confused with the 2007 text "Bad Samaritans: Rich Nations, Poor Policies and the Threat to the Developing World" by the economist Ha-Joon Chang which also argues that the current economic policies supported by the IMF and wealthy countries are hindering development and creating poverty.)
Vallely has chaired or been active in a number of prominent UK aid agencies, including Traidcraft, the Catholic Institute for International Relations (CIIR), Christian Aid and CAFOD. He has been an adviser to the Catholic bishops of England and Wales and was the author of their reports "Catholic Social teaching and the Big Society" and "A place of redemption: a Christian approach to punishment and prison". (Catholic Bishop's Conference of England & Wales, 2004).
Pope Francis.
Paul Vallely's biography "Pope Francis - Untying the Knots" examined the allegations made against Pope Francis when he was Fr Jorge Mario Bergoglio, leader of the Jesuits in Argentina, during the "Dirty War" conducted by the Argentine military dictatorship in the 1970s and '80s. Vallely concluded that Bergoglio did not actively betray two Jesuit priests, Franz Jalics and Orlando Yorio, into the hands of a military death squad, as some critics had alleged. But he did conclude that with regard to the two priests "Bergoglio behaved recklessly and has been trying to atone for his behaviour ever since.". "Vallely produces evidence to show that Bergoglio, in those years, did set up an escape route for those escaping the military death squads which saved a significant number of people."
The book was highly-acclaimed by reviewers. The Sunday Times described it as "head and shoulders above" other biographies. The Guardian described it as "riveting" and "tough-minded analysis". The Tablet said: "read this book forget the rest". The Jesuit magazine America described it as "meticulous". Thinking Faith, the online journal of the British Jesuits, said it was "a stroke of genius" describing it as "a contemporary biography with the cadences of a film script”. Reuters said: "“Paul Vallely’s "Untying the Knots" fills the gaps left by ‘instant books’ on Pope Francis". The Times Literary Supplement pronounced the book to be "formidable". And The Economist said: "This book demonstrates that Pope Francis is a tougher, more complex figure than meets the eye. A turbulent life has given the pontiff a subtle sense of the realities of power, and the courage to act on it. Anybody who reads this book will eagerly await his next move"
Consultancy.
Vallely is a consultant on business and organisational ethics. His approach is rooted in Catholic Social Teaching, a rich ethical tradition which draws on 100 years of attempts by the Catholic church to find a third way between unregulated capitalism - and its associated political systems which privilege the individual at the expense of society - and those associated with control by the state which privilege society at the expense of the individual. In addition to private consultancy he lectures on organsiational ethics and the social responsibility of the private sector. As a trustee of Traidcraft he was instrumental in the establishment of the Fairtrade Foundation. He is a member of the ethics committee of Waitrose supermarkets.
Awards.
Vallely was created a Companion of St Michael and St George (CMG) "for services to journalism and to the developing world" on 17 June 2006.
He is an Honorary Research Fellow in the School of Arts, Histories and Cultures at the University of Manchester.
In 2008 he was shortlisted for the Orwell Prize, the pre-eminent prize in Britain for political writing.

</doc>
<doc id="2905522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905522" title="Bescot Stadium">
Bescot Stadium

Bescot Stadium, also known as the Banks's Stadium for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Walsall, England, and the current home ground of Walsall Football Club. It was built in 1989-90, by GMI Construction, with a reported build cost of £4.5m. 
The stadium replaced the club's previous ground, Fellows Park, which was located a quarter of a mile away.
History.
The stadium was opened on 18 August 1990, by Sir Stanley Matthews, prior to a friendly match with neighbours Aston Villa in front of 9,551 spectators. 
The first competitive game was played a week later on 25 August 1990. 5,219 spectators watched Walsall draw 2-2 with Torquay United, with the stadium's first goal being an own goal scored by Walsall defender Matt Bryant after 65 seconds. The first goal scored for Walsall at the stadium was by Stuart Rimmer.
The stadium has been host to England under-21, under-19 and under-17 international matches, Aston Villa reserve team matches and England women's international matches.
Facilities.
Originally both ends of the ground were standing areas, and the capacity of the ground was around 11,000. However, capacity was reduced to around 9,800 in 1992, when the away supporters terrace was filled with seats. Following an extension to the Tile Choice Stand (formerly known as the Gilbert Alsop Stand), during the 2002-03 season, it is now an all-seater stadium, with a capacity of 11,300.
The stadium is situated less than a mile from junction 9 of the M6 motorway, has a mainline railway station within easy walking distance and parking spaces for around 1,200 vehicles.
Bescot Stadium has two large conferencing suites - the Bonser Suite and the Stadium Suite. The Bonser Suite adjoins the rear of the Main Stand (formerly the H. L. Fellows Stand), while the Stadium Suite is underneath the upper tier of the northern most stand (currently the Tile Choice Stand). Both suites host conferences, cabaret evenings, concerts and events.
In addition to this, there are five further bars within the Stadium - the Swifts and Priory Lounges to the rear of the Main Stand, the Bescot Bar beneath the lower tier of the Tile Choice Stand, a bar beneath the away supporters stand, and one beneath the Family Stand. There are food and beverage kiosks in all four corners of the ground, whilst the Bonser Suite doubles as a restaurant on match days.
In 2009, the club erected a large advertising hoarding to the south of the southern most stand, facing the M6 motorway.
Ownership.
It was reported in the Express and Star Newspaper on 6 June 2008, that Walsall were attempting to sell the stadium to Walsall Council, and renting it back to secure the club's financial future. The Council, however, stated they did not have the funds to purchase the ground.
During Spring 2011, the owner of Bescot Stadium, Jeff Bonser, announced via his proxy, Suffolk Life, that the stadium was for sale on the open market. Steve Jenkins, record producer and lifelong Walsall supporter, tried to drum up support for the council to buy the land.
On 11 July 2011, the idea of council ownership of Bescot Stadium was finally put to bed after the council voted 28-24 against purchasing the stadium.
Future.
Plans to develop the southern most stand (which usually caters for away supporters) were announced by the club during 2005. The proposed development would mean using the blueprint of the northern most stand (currently the Tile Choice Stand), which stands opposite it. 
Funding for the redevelopment was to come, in part, from a large advertising board on the back of the stand facing the M6 motorway. The board would be the largest illuminated sign adjacent to a motorway in Europe.
However, due to the club's failure to regain Championship status, and the subsequent drop off in attendances, the redevelopment plans were put on hold. 
Attendances.
Highest
Lowest 
Average

</doc>
<doc id="2905523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905523" title="Slieve Bearnagh">
Slieve Bearnagh

Slieve Bearnagh (from the ) is a mountain in the Mourne Mountains, Northern Ireland. Its summit is crowned by a number of rocky tors. The Mourne Wall crosses the summit of Slieve Bearnagh east to west. Paths lead to the cols on either side of the mountain, namely "Pollaphuca" ("pool of the púca") to the west and "Hare's Gap" to the east. From the latter, one can also descend southwards to the head of the Ben Crom reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="2905526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905526" title="Cindy Brown">
Cindy Brown

Cindy Brown or Cynthia Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905532" title="Hot Springs Mountain Tower">
Hot Springs Mountain Tower

Hot Springs Mountain Tower is a 65.8 metre (216-foot) high observation tower built of lattice steel on Hot Springs Mountain at Hot Springs, Arkansas, USA. Construction began in 1982, and the structure was officially opened to the public on June 3, 1983.
The tower is the third to be built on the mountain. In the nineteenth century, a 75-foot wooden observatory was constructed on the site. This tower was later struck by lightning and burned to the ground. In 1906, the wireless telegraph tower from the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition was relocated to the mountain and renamed the Rix Tower; it stood for there 69 years, finally being torn down in 1975 due to instability.

</doc>
<doc id="2905538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905538" title="1971–72 NHL season">
1971–72 NHL season

The 1971–72 NHL season was the 55th season of the National Hockey League. Fourteen teams each played 78 games. The Boston Bruins beat the New York Rangers four games to two for their second Stanley Cup in three seasons in the finals.
Regular season.
Among notable first year players this season were Montreal's Guy Lafleur, who despite scoring 29 goals was felt lacking in comparison to newly retired superstar Jean Beliveau by the Canadiens' faithful; Buffalo's Rick Martin, who set a new record for goals by a rookie with 44; Gilles Meloche, goaltender for the California Golden Seals who acquired him from Chicago; and Ken Dryden, the sensational new goalie for the Canadiens, who despite winning the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP the previous season was awarded the Calder Memorial Trophy as rookie of the year, on the grounds that he had only played six prior regular season games.
43-year-old Gump Worsley, left unprotected (and unclaimed) in the waiver draft by the Minnesota North Stars, led the league with a 2.12 goals against average. Less fortunately, Philadelphia goaltender Bruce Gamble suffered a heart attack during a 3–1 win in Vancouver in February and was forced to retire from hockey.
In what was widely seen as a preemptive move to help forestall the incipient World Hockey Association, the NHL announced that Atlanta and Long Island had been granted expansion franchises to begin play in the 1972–73 season. The bids had been hastily put together in comparison with the 1967 and 1970 expansions.
Milestones this season included Gerry Cheevers setting an NHL record for the Boston Bruins (which has yet to be surpassed) with 33 straight undefeated games. On February 12, it was Gordie Howe Day in Detroit as his famous #9 was retired. On March 25, Bobby Hull scored his 600th NHL goal in a 5–5 tie with Boston at the Boston Garden.
An exciting scoring race in which Ranger Jean Ratelle had been leading Bruin Phil Esposito was shortcircuited when Ratelle broke his ankle in a game against California, putting him out for over a month of play. Ratelle still ended up third in scoring behind Esposito and Bruin Bobby Orr, while his teammates Vic Hadfield and Rod Gilbert - all three linemates on the renowned GAG line—finished fourth and fifth. A resurgent Frank Mahovlich, rejuvenated by a trade to Montreal, finished sixth, while Bobby Hull, in his final year in Chicago, finished seventh in points and second to Esposito in goals.
Although they had fallen somewhat from their overwhelming offensive dominance from the previous season, once again the Boston Bruins had the best record in the league, while the Chicago Black Hawks topped the West Division.
Playoffs.
Format change.
In response to the prior year when the Minnesota North Stars appeared to purposely lose games to finish fourth instead of third and avoid a tougher matchup with first-place Chicago), the first round matchups were changed so that the first-place team played the fourth-place team and second played third. Previously, the first-place team played the third-place team and the second-place team played the fourth-place team.
In addition, a change was made to the way the semi-final matchups were determined as well. Instead of having the winner of the series between the first and third-place Eastern division teams play the winner of the second and fourth-place Western division teams and the winner of the first versus third-place Western division teams against the winner of the second and fourth-place Eastern division teams, the semi final would pit the highest remaining seed in the Eastern division play the lowest remaining seed from the West and vice-versa.
Despite injuries to several key players, notably leading scorer Jean Ratelle, the New York Rangers beat the defending champions Montreal Canadiens in the first round of the playoffs, with strong play from unheralded players such as Walt Tkaczuk. The Rangers went on the sweep the Chicago Black Hawks
in four straight games during the semi-final. Chicago had beaten the Pittsburgh Penguins in four straight games.
Boston easily handled the Toronto Maple Leafs in five games, facing a St. Louis Blues team that had eked out a hard-fought seven game victory against the North Stars in the quarter-final. The powerful Bruins set a record for the most goals in a four game series by pounding the Blues 28–8 over a four-game sweep.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
Source: NHL.
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
Debuts.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1971–72 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):
Last games.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1971–72 listed with their last team):
"NOTE: McKenzie, Green, Tremblay, Fonteyne, Selby, Nesterenko, McDonald, Hicke and Paiement would continue their careers in the World Hockey Association."

</doc>
<doc id="2905542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905542" title="Monoplegia">
Monoplegia

In medicine, monoplegia is a paralysis of a single limb, usually an arm. It is frequently associated with cerebral palsy. This is the mildest form of cerebral palsy, and individuals with it generally have a good prognosis for later life. It can also be used if just one muscle group or muscle is affected. It is often thought as hemiplegia with much less involvement of the other limb.
A similar condition is monoparesis, in which one limb is very weak, but not completely paralyzed. For more information, see paresis.
A person with monoplegia can be referred to as a monoplegic.

</doc>
<doc id="2905547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905547" title="Bobby Hopper Tunnel">
Bobby Hopper Tunnel

The Bobby Hopper Tunnel is a highway tunnel located on Interstate 49 in Arkansas, just north of the Crawford–Washington county line. It opened in 1999 to four lanes of traffic. No toll is charged.
The tunnel's twin bores are each approximately in length, wide and tall (as measured from the roadway to the top of the tunnel arch). A prominent feature of the tunnel is the noticeably inclined gradient of each bore and its associated roadway. Southbound traffic experiences a significant descending gradient inside the tunnel, while northbound traffic experiences a corresponding ascending gradient.
The tunnel was named for the director of the Arkansas Highway Commission (a resident of nearby Springdale, Arkansas) during the time of its construction. This is the only highway tunnel in the State of Arkansas. Arkansas has seven railroad tunnels but only one highway tunnel. Named for the Arkansas Highway Commission director at the time of the tunnel’s construction, Bobby Hopper, the northwest Arkansas commission representative from Springdale (Washington County), the Bobby Hopper Tunnel is located on Interstate 49 in Washington County just north of the Crawford County line with its closest exit at Winslow.
U.S. Highway 71, once classified as “one of the most dangerous highways in America,” includes a perilous stretch between Alma and Fayetteville through the Ozark Plateau. Thus, construction of an alternate route was designed to make the trip safer, as well as reduce travel time. Approved in 1987 and completed in 1999, at a cost of $458 million, the alternate route, eventually named Interstate 49, had an obstacle of an unnamed peak just north of the Washington–Crawford County line in what John Haman of Arkansas Business called “smack in the middle of motoring wilderness.” A tunnel feasibility study was awarded to Garver USA which subcontracted with Sverdrup Corporation of Maryland Heights, Missouri, and TapanAm Associates, Inc., of Kansas City, Missouri, to determine the best option—a tunnel. The alternative would disfigure the topography and necessitate a cut creating 8 million cubic yards of debris to be disposed of, as it was not usable within the project.
At an elevation of above sea level, twin parallel tunnels were mined, not bored, through the mountain in a horseshoe contour since a circular shape, like that used in sewer or train projects, was not needed. Blasting, drilling, and excavation removed native shale and sandstone rocks, slowly chipping to the desired width and length. The hollowed-out channel was lined with reinforced concrete, as were both openings. The finished total length is , with a width of thirty-eight feet and a height of twenty-five feet, as measured from the roadway to the top of the arch, allowing for two lanes of traffic and shoulder space on each portal. The tunnel has an inclined pitch in that southbound traffic ascends inside the tunnel while northbound traffic descends, with both at the same grade. Cross-passages occur every allowing for five emergency ways in. Besides paved openings, the tunnel has traffic signals, lighting, message signs, carbon monoxide monitors, fire protection, and closed-circuit television systems to monitor traffic remotely at the Fort Smith highway department district headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="2905548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905548" title="Needle-through-arm">
Needle-through-arm

Needle-through-arm is a magic effect that was popularized by comedy actor/magician Harry Anderson. The trick can either be performed as part of a stage magic or a parlor magic routine. As the name would suggest, needle-through-arm relies on shock value to be a comedic effect.
In presentation, the magician produces a hat pin, roughly ten inches long and demonstrates that it is sharp by using it to pop a balloon. He then proceeds to sterilize the underside of his forearm with alcohol and, holding his arm so that it is not facing the audience, insert the needle through the skin of his arm. From the audience's perspective, this is not very impressive until the magician lowers his arm for the audience to see. The needle appears to pass about two inches under the skin. The new wound then appears to bleed, with the blood dripping down the magician's arm. The needle can be slid back and forth through the wound. After the needle is removed, the magician cleans his arm which can be offered for inspection.

</doc>
<doc id="2905551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905551" title="Southern Belle (video game)">
Southern Belle (video game)

Southern Belle is a train simulation video game published by Hewson Consultants in 1985. "Southern Belle" was unique at the time of release in that it was the first 3D steam train simulator available for home computers. The game allows the user to take over the fireman and/or driver duties on a King Arthur class passenger steam locomotive on the London to Brighton line.
It was programmed by Mike Male, who teamed up friend and railway buff Bob Hillyer.
Gameplay.
The aim of the game is to complete a simulated journey of the Southern Belle steam passenger train from London Victoria to Brighton while keeping to speed regulations, being careful not to derail when going around curves and completing the journey on time. There are various options available including a demonstration run, where the computer takes control of the locomotive, and a number of challenges such as beating the real record breaking run for that line, set on July 26, 1903 (at 48 minutes 41 seconds).
Graphics.
The graphics were "vector-style", but because of the limitations of the ZX Spectrum and such computers, the graphics were minimal. The framerate was very slow, updating only once per second. This was particularly notable when playing in "Fast" mode, where you could speed the gameplay up x5 by pressing the "A" key. Also, the main gameplay screen lacked colour, with most versions being in monochrome. However, the ZX Spectrum version did include a "red" fire. Additionally, there were sections of line where there were no buildings visible in the foreground, leading to criticisms that the game looked as though the countryside had been hit by a nuclear bomb.
The game's demo mode was a high speed run, in homage to BTF's classic "London to Brighton in 4 Minutes". The next station/tunnel's name appeared as a totem sign at the top of the screen (ironically, just after Gatwick Racecourse, it changed to Three Bridges and the lineside features passed in that section included three bridges).
Sequels.
"Belle" was followed up in 1987 with "Evening Star", also published by Hewson and programmed by Mike Male and Bob Hillyer. "Star" is set on the old Somerset and Dorset line between Bath and Bournemouth.
Critical reaction.
"Your Spectrum" reviewed "Southern Belle" in October 1985, giving an average rating of 5 out of 10. The reviewers felt that "Belle" made a welcome change from space games and had intuitive controls, but was ultimately lacking in excitement.
"Electron User" reviewed "Southern Belle" in May 1986, giving an overall score of 7 out of 10. The reviewer praised the title's originality but questioned if it could hold the attention of gamers who were not railway enthusiasts.
"Zzap!64" reviewed "Southern Belle" in July 1986, giving an overall score of 88%. The reviewer concluded: ""A superb simulation of a dull subject"".

</doc>
<doc id="2905562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905562" title="List of caricatures at Sardi's restaurant">
List of caricatures at Sardi's restaurant

The following is an incomplete alphabetized list of celebrities who have posed for caricatures at Sardi's restaurant in New York City. The single common denominator is that they have all eaten at Sardi's.
The date or year each caricature was added to Sardi's is often mentioned in brackets after the celebrities' name. Also mentioned is either the production the actor was in at the time of the unveiling or the play that included their definitive role; producers' companies are listed instead. Finally, some of the caricatures listed also include the cartoonist's name: Alex Gard, John Mackey, Donald Bevan and Richard Baratz are the four artists to date who have created all the caricatures in the restaurant.
In 1979, Vincent Sardi, Jr. donated a collection of 227 caricatures from the restaurant to the Billy Rose Theatre Collection of The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts. The contributed caricatures date from the late 1920s through 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="2905563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905563" title="Firbank Fell">
Firbank Fell

Firbank Fell is a hill in Cumbria between the towns of Kendal and Sedbergh that is renowned as a place where George Fox, the founder of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), preached.
Fox described what happened there on June 13, 1652 in this way:
While others were gone to dinner, I went to a brook, got a little water, and then came and sat down on the top of a rock hard by the chapel. In the afternoon the people gathered about me, with several of their preachers. It was judged there were above a thousand people; to whom I declared God's everlasting truth and Word of life freely and largely for about the space of three hours.
Because of Fox's preaching there, the site is sometimes called "Fox's Pulpit." A plaque on the rock there commemorates the event, which is sometimes considered the beginning of the Friends movement.
Firbank Fell is now immortalised as a place of Quaker history in one of the four houses at the Quaker school Bootham School.

</doc>
<doc id="2905566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905566" title="Pandigital number">
Pandigital number

In mathematics, a pandigital number is an integer that in a given base has among its significant digits each digit used in the base at least once. For example, 1223334444555567890 is a pandigital number in base 10. The first few pandigital base 10 numbers are given by :
1023456789, 1023456798, 1023456879, 1023456897, 1023456978, 1023456987, 1023457689
The smallest pandigital number in a given base "b" is an integer of the form
formula_1
The following table lists the smallest pandigital numbers of a few selected bases:
In a trivial sense, all positive integers are pandigital in unary (or tallying). In binary, all integers are pandigital except for 0 and numbers of the form formula_2 (the Mersenne numbers). The larger the base, the rarer pandigital numbers become, though one can always find runs of formula_3 consecutive pandigital numbers with redundant digits by writing all the digits of the base together (but not putting the zero first as the most significant digit) and adding "x" + 1 zeroes at the end as least significant digits.
Conversely, the smaller the base, the fewer pandigital numbers without redundant digits there are. 2 is the only such pandigital number in base 2, while there are more of these in base 10.
Sometimes, the term is used to refer only to pandigital numbers with no redundant digits. In some cases, a number might be called pandigital even if it doesn't have a zero as a significant digit, for example, 923456781 (these are sometimes referred to as "zeroless pandigital numbers").
No base 10 pandigital number can be a prime number if it doesn't have redundant digits. The sum of the digits 0 to 9 is 45, passing the divisibility rule for both 3 and 9. The first base 10 pandigital prime is 10123457689; lists more.
For different reasons, redundant digits are also required for a pandigital number (in any base except unary) to also be a palindromic number in that base. The smallest pandigital palindromic number in base 10 is 1023456789876543201.
The largest pandigital number without redundant digits to be also a square number is 9814072356.
Two of the zeroless pandigital Friedman numbers are: 123456789 = ((86 + 2 × 7)5 - 91) / 34, and 987654321 = (8 × (97 + 6/2)5 + 1) / 34.
A pandigital Friedman number without redundant digits is the square: 2170348569 = 465872 + (0 × 139).
While much of what has been said does not apply to Roman numerals, there are pandigital numbers: MCDXLIV, MCDXLVI, MCDLXIV, MCDLXVI, MDCXLIV, MDCXLVI, MDCLXIV, MDCLXVI. These, listed in , use each of the digits just once, while has pandigital Roman numerals with repeats.
Pandigital numbers are useful in fiction and in advertising. The Social Security Number 987-65-4321 is a zeroless pandigital number reserved for use in advertising. Some credit card companies use pandigital numbers with redundant digits as fictitious credit card numbers (while others use strings of zeroes).

</doc>
<doc id="2905567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905567" title="Kim Chaek University of Technology">
Kim Chaek University of Technology

Kim Chaek University of Technology is a university in North Korea, located on the bank of the Taedong River in Pyongyang. 
The university is named after General Kim Chaek.
Kim Chaek University of Technology was originally part of Kim Il Sung University before it was established as the Pyongyang College of Technology (平壤工業大學)" in 1948. In 1951, during the Korean War, the college's name was changed to "Kim Chaek College of Technology (金策工業大學)" General Kim Ch'aek, commander of the KPA's Frontline Headquarters, died in the war. In 1988, the college was elevated to a university (綜合大學). Between 1981 and 1993, a large-scale construction program doubled the size of the campus to its present size of 400,000m2. The university's programs in nuclear reactors, nuclear electronics, nuclear fuel and nuclear engineering specialize in training nuclear researchers and technical personnel. Graduates are reportedly posted to the Yŏngbyŏn Nuclear Research Center or to nuclear facilities in Packch'ŏn-kun.
The university has 18 departments (學部) and about 80 programs (學科), about 10,000 students and 2,000 staff. There are 10 research institutes and one graduate school (博士院). There are 54 laboratories and a library with about 600,000 volumes. The campus has a total area of 400,000 square meters.
The Science and Education Department (科學敎育部) under the Korean Workers Party Central Committee (朝鮮勞動黨中央委員會) exercises overall supervision, but the Department of Higher Education (高等敎育部) in the Ministry of Education (敎育省) manages administrative affairs. There are also education bureaus under the people's committees in every city and/or province (市·都 人民委員會敎育局) that contribute to the formation of education policy, and the local education bureau could provide some input for the school.
As of 6 January 2007, Ri Won Chil is the vice president.
In 2012, a few students worked with Nosotek and Koryo Tours to create "Pyongyang Racer", a racing video game that promotes tourism in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="2905573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905573" title="Michigan Radio">
Michigan Radio

Michigan Radio is a network of three public radio stations operated by the University of Michigan through its broadcasting arm, Michigan Public Media. The station is a founding member of National Public Radio and an affiliate of Public Radio International and American Public Media. Its main studio is located in Ann Arbor, with satellite studios in Flint and offices in Grand Rapids.
The stations are known as "Michigan Radio: Your NPR News Station." The network currently airs NPR news and talk, which it has since July 1, 1996. All three stations broadcast in HD Radio, although there are currently no HD subchannels. 
Stations.
Combined, the three stations of Michigan Radio cover most of the southern two-thirds of the Lower Peninsula.
Station beginnings.
Before the university had applied for its own radio station, the University of Michigan Extension Service Bureau of Broadcasting produced programs for other stations starting the 1920s. For instance, in November 1944, the Bureau of Broadcasting produced "Stump the Professor" for WJR in Detroit and "The Balkan States: Places and Nations in the News" for WKAR in East Lansing. 
In the early 1940s, the University of Michigan applied for an AM radio station. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) turned down the application because there were not any available frequencies at the time. (WPAG, now WTKA, would become Ann Arbor's first radio station in 1945.) Around this time the university began working on plans for a statewide network of four FM stations to be located in Ann Arbor, Mount Pleasant, Manistique and Houghton. The university applied to the FCC on September 11, 1944 for a station at 43.1 FM (part of a band of frequencies used for testing of Frequency Modulation) with a power of 50,000 watts; by 1947, the new station was given the call letters WATX and was assigned to 42.1 FM. (At the time, a station on the new FM band was seen as being at a significant disadvantage.) 
The FCC granted a license for WUOM (for University Of Michigan) at 91.7 in the brand new FM band; the station went on the air in 1948, broadcasting from studios in Angell Hall on the UM campus. In 1949 the station moved across the street to newly completed studios on the fifth floor of the Administration Building, now known as the Literature, Science & Arts Building. Michigan Radio remained in those studios until August 23, 2003, when it moved off campus to the Argus Building on Ann Arbor's Old West Side. Its signal covers most of the southeastern and central Lower Peninsula, from Lansing to Detroit. The station provides 24-hour NPR news service to the state capital, since WKAR-AM must sign off at sundown and WKAR-FM airs the Classical 24 network from 7 pm to 5 am weeknights with minimal if any interruption for news.
WFUM (for Flint University of Michigan) has been on the air at its current 91.1 frequency since August 23, 1985 when it first signed on as WFUM-FM. The original WFUM operated at 107.1 MHz during the 1950s and was also a simulcast of WUOM. WFUM (FM) was shut down after WUOM increased its power to 115,000 watts, giving it adequate coverage of Flint and meaning that WFUM, which operated with only 400 watts of power, was no longer necessary. WUOM has since reduced its power to 93,000 watts, but still can be heard with a fair signal in Flint. WFUM today operates with 17,500 watts of power. Its signal reaches the immediate area around Flint primarily but also can be heard in far northern parts of the Detroit metro area on selective radios. The current incarnation used the "-FM" extension because the WFUM callsign was also assigned to the University of Michigan's television station in Flint when the station first signed on, WFUM (TV). In 2009, the TV station was sold to Central Michigan University and the call letters changed to WCMZ-TV, so WFUM-FM adopted the simplified call letters WFUM.
WVGR (Vogt Grand Rapids, after Fred Vogt, who led the campaign for public radio in the area) has been broadcasting since December 7, 1961. It covers West Michigan with a powerful 96,000-watt signal. WVGR had long operated at 108,000 watts from rented space on NBC affiliate WOOD-TV's tower, but had to move in 1999 because WOOD needed the space for its HDTV transmitter. It temporarily moved to CBS affiliate WWMT's tower while it raised money for a new tower of its own. WVGR was forced to downgrade to a mono signal at 20,000 watts, but resumed broadcasting from its own tower in the fall of 2006.
Early growth and decline.
WUOM quickly established itself as one of the leading educational broadcasters. Because the station was not affiliated with any of the commercial radio networks, it produced nearly all the programs it broadcast in the early days. The program guide for October, 1949 shows the station on the air from 12:00pm–10:00pm on weekdays (the station had just expanded into evenings), with a few hours of programs on Saturday and Sunday. The programs listed in the 1949 guide include "From the Classrooms," "Songs of France," "Tell Me, Professor," "Especially for Women," "Around the Town," "Record Rarities," "Hymns of Freedom," "Angell Hall Playhouse," and "Tea-Time Tunes." The station also offered live play-by-play of Michigan football games that month, as well as two live concerts from Hill Auditorium - recitals featuring University of Michigan faculty. Some of the programs featured recorded music, but nearly all programs were performed live to air in the first days. By the early 1950s many of these shows were being transcribed and sent to other stations.
In the mid 1960s, the station had the largest staff of any FM radio station in the country. WUOM produced programs that were broadcast throughout Michigan on commercial and educational stations, and many of its programs aired around the country. The tapes were "bicycled" from one educational station to another.
WUOM's popularity gradually decreased from the height of the 1960s, though it still retained enough prestige to become a charter member of NPR in 1971. It was one of the approximately 90 stations that aired the inaugural broadcast of "All Things Considered". However, by the early 1990s, Michigan Radio (as it has been known since 1989) was seen by some as a neglected backwater. One important cause of the decline was that the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, created in 1967, tended to divert funding away from university owned stations to stations in large urban areas. Another cause of WUOM's decline may be that radio listening patterns changed, and listeners had new expectations. WUOM, while making some changes to accommodate the new realities of broadcasting, clung to its previously successful 1960s model for program production, which included primarily music and host presentation.
As a result of reduced popularity, the station faced declining audience and contributions throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. In 1995 the CPB informed the station that its audience was so small that its federal funding was in jeopardy. Around the same time, the University of Michigan commissioned a private study that recommended the university divest itself of the radio stations. The university decided against that plan and instead made one last attempt to resuscitate the station.
Resurgence of Michigan Radio.
Donovan Reynolds became the manager of Michigan Radio in 1995. He determined that the only way to save the stations was to execute a marked broadcasting departure from the past with a focus on programs that listeners most enjoyed. Reynolds changed the format to News/Talk on July 1, 1996. Although a few public radio stations had a news/talk format in 1996, most were on AM. Classical music was still offered, but only during evenings, overnight and on weekends. The classical music programs were phased out in July 2000, but continued to be streamed on the Internet from the station's website until 2004. Some classical music fans were initially unhappy with the changes, especially due to the recent closure of a Detroit commercial classical station, WQRS-FM, in 1997. However, the format has been extremely successful in terms of attracting new listeners and therefore listener donations. 
Michigan Radio's transformation to a news/talk format coincided with NPR's offering of a new package of programs to span the gap between "Morning Edition" and All Things Considered. These new programs included the Diane Rehm Show, The Derek McGinty Show, and others, and Michigan Radio was the first station to sign up to offer this package to its listeners.
As a public radio pioneer in the news/talk format on FM, Michigan Radio may have helped influence similar transitions to that format by stations including WUNC in Chapel Hill, NC, WBUR-FM in Boston, WAMU in Washington, DC, KPCC in Pasadena, CA, WHYY-FM in Philadelphia and WBEZ in Chicago. For several years after 1996, Michigan Radio's rise was a case study in the public radio industry, and its success still fuels change elsewhere, including in Iowa, where the Bornstein and Associates Report on Iowa Public Radio consolidation devotes a chapter to studying Michigan Radio's format change.
Programming.
Michigan Radio provides a variety of programs from NPR, Public Radio International and American Public Media. In addition, Michigan Radio broadcasts the BBC World Service as distributed by PRI during the late night and early morning hours.
Local hosts include Christina Shockley (mornings during "Morning Edition"), Mike Perini (middays), Jennifer White (afternoon drive during "All Things Considered"), Kyle Norris, Rina Miller, Zoe Clark, and Mercedes Mejia. The news staff includes Steve Carmody, Dustin Dwyer, Jennifer Guerra, Lindsay Smith, Sarah Cwiek, Tracy Samilton, Sarah Hulett, and news director Vincent Duffy. Michigan Radio produces "The Environment Report" with host Rebecca Williams and Stateside with host Cynthia Canty.
Station finances.
Being a telecommunications entity operated by the University of Michigan, Michigan Public Media and Michigan Radio financial documents can be obtained from the university through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.
Michigan Radio receives the largest portion of its funding from listener contributions (41% in FY 2005). These contributions are solicited during two annual fund drives, in the spring and fall, lasting about 7 days each. Listeners are encouraged to become "members" of Michigan Radio, but such membership does not include any publicly known privileges. So called "day sponsors," who contribute $365 per year, will have a short message read a few times on the air on a selected day. These listener fund drives are known to be very successful, and the station regularly exceeds its monetary goals.
The second largest revenue source for Michigan Radio is underwriting contributions (30%), and the underwriting company typically receives on-air mentions in return. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting provides 9% of station funding, and the university itself kicks in another 9%.
Having increased its net assets by over $2.5 million in the last 3 fiscal years, the station is clearly doing very well financially. According to a 2004 CPB report on the financial health of public radio stations, Michigan Radio was one of the few top 20 public radio stations in excellent financial health. That CPB report, titled "Having It All," was seen as a general warning to all public broadcasters, including Michigan Radio, to improve the bottom line of their stations. Although the station remains silent on the air about its financial goals, it is presumably amassing cash for the following purposes:

</doc>
<doc id="2905575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905575" title="Road to Nowhere">
Road to Nowhere

"Road to Nowhere" is a song by Talking Heads, from the 1985 album "Little Creatures". It also appeared on "Best of Talking Heads", "", the "Once in a Lifetime" box set and the "Brick" box set. The song was released as a single in 1985 and reached number 25 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks and number 6 in the British, German and South African singles charts. It also made number 8 on the Dutch Top 40.
Production.
"I wanted to write a song that presented a resigned, even joyful look at doom," recalls David Byrne in the liner notes of "". "At our deaths and at the apocalypse… (always looming, folks). I think it succeeded. The front bit, the white gospel choir, is kind of tacked on, 'cause I didn't think the rest of the song was enough… I mean, it was only two chords. So, out of embarrassment, or shame, I wrote an intro section that had a couple more in it."
The video for the song was directed by Byrne and Stephen R. Johnson and features the band and various objects revolving, as if in their own "road to nowhere". It was nominated for "Best Video of the Year" at the MTV Video Music Awards 1986. Some parts were shot in the back yard and pool of actor Stephen Tobolowsky, who was co-writing Byrne's film "True Stories" at the time. Director Johnson re-used some of the effects techniques in award-winning videos for Peter Gabriel the following year: "Sledgehammer" and "Big Time".

</doc>
<doc id="2905576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905576" title="Journal of Biogeography">
Journal of Biogeography

The Journal of Biogeography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in biogeography that was established in 1974. It covers aspects of spatial, ecological, and historical biogeography. The founding editor-in-chief was David Watts, followed by John Flenley and Philip Stott (1987-2004). The current editor is Robert J. Whittaker (University of Oxford).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.544.

</doc>
<doc id="2905585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905585" title="Broken News">
Broken News

Broken News is a comedy programme shown on BBC Two in autumn 2005 and in Australia on SBS-TV from the 17 July 2006. The show poked fun at the world of 24-hour rolling news channels. The title of the show is a play on the phrase "breaking news". It had six thirty-minute episodes. Having previously worked on programmes such as "People Like Us" and "The Sunday Format", the show's production team worked closely with writer and director John Morton.
The show jump cut between its various spoof TV channels, which covered both the central story and other stories that would be of interest to their audience. A large part of the comedy came from observations about the nature of news presentation rather than the stories themselves.
The programme centered on Britain's addiction to 24-hour news channels. Each week, "Broken News" looked at a fictitious news story such as "Tomato Flu" or "The End of the Rain". Its massive cast of 145 actors played newsreaders and reporters on different networks.
It was released on DVD Region 2 on 12 June 2006.
The featured networks.
The programme featured mainly the following fictitious networks:
Other smaller networks include: 
Occasional separate weather reports are thrown in, with graphic and presentation styles similar to those found on many television channels in the UK. They are often cut together in such a way that the resulting sentences are complete nonsense. The weather reports vary from almost useless ("There's going to be a lot of air tomorrow") to over-useful ("The northern Tajikistan province of Gorno-Badakhshan has experienced no weather for over four months now.") and gives pointless figures similar to the pollen, pollution and sun indices used by BBC and ITV weather stations ("There is a warning of high altitude for people living on mountains in the Pennines and Yorkshire Dales").
Context and criticism.
"Broken News" follows a rich heritage of UK television comedies about news broadcasts and current news stories. While most UK news-related comedy has been based on jokes about current events (such as "Have I Got News For You", "Seven Days" and "Mock the News"), there have been also a few TV shows that parodied news broadcasts while not being topical ("Not The Nine O'Clock News", "The Day Today" and "Broken News"). For contrast, in the USA it is typical for a news comedy show to combine both, and do topical news jokes in a format that also looks like, and frequently parodies news forecasts themselves (like "The Daily Show", "Saturday Night Live's Weekend Update" and "The Colbert Report"). 
As a parody of news shows and networks, "Broken News" updates and expands the genre from the original parody of news shows, "Not the Nine O'Clock News", which was later adapted for US audiences as "Not Necessarily the News". "Not the Nine O'Clock News" was a parody of news broadcasts of the early TV era where news was very serious and before cable TV, the one nightly news broadcast would gather much of the nation around the TV set. "Not the Nine O'Clock News" would include topical jokes, but also poke fun at other TV formats such as music videos. "The Day Today" updated the parody to focus only on TV news shows in the modern era, when news anchors had become TV icons and often had huge egos, but as a TV show, it was still a parody of one TV news show. "Broken News" expanded the concept of news parodies into the modern world of 24-hour cable TV news, with multiple news channels, where the same news is covered on a wide range of news channels - not always accurately on each of them - and where some news channels might be oblivious to even dramatic world news. "Broken News" also extended the jokes into the various news tickers which in practice doubled the number of jokes per episode, and for fans of the show, provided a reason to watch each episode twice, once to see the visual and spoken gags, then to read the completely unrelated written gags in the news tickers of the various news channels parodied.
Some have accused the show of being too close in style, presentation, writing and humour to the groundbreaking news satire "The Day Today", first broadcast in 1994. "Broken News" has been attacked as ""The Day Today" for idiots. A show with nothing to say, full of...sub-Chris Morris newspeak and malapropism-humour shorn of all originality. "The Day Today" had a reason to exist - this didn't." However, co-creator John Morton said in "The Guardian" "I hope after the first 10 minutes of our show you realise that it's a different animal from "The Day Today". The target has changed because we've got this Tower of Babel of news. Plus we're sillier and more harmless."

</doc>
<doc id="2905591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905591" title="Fearsome Five">
Fearsome Five

The Fearsome Five is a fictional group of comic book supervillains from DC Comics. They were created by George Pérez and Marv Wolfman, and first appeared in "The New Teen Titans" #3 (January 1981), going on to become recurring adversaries for that superhero group. Though deadly, they lack sophistication as criminal planners, a cohesive focus or loyalty, and are prone to in-fighting, backstabbing, and disbandment.
History.
The Fearsome Five were founded by the psychopathic criminal Doctor Light, through an ad he placed in the "Underworld Star", a criminal underground newsletter. Light formed the group to attack the Teen Titans, but Psimon, who was under the influence of the demon from whom he had received his superhuman abilities, Trigon, usurped Light’s role as leader, and the two would continue to struggle for some time over it.
After having been banished by Trigon to another dimension for his failure to destroy the Earth, the other members of the Five later attacked the Titans at their newly unveiled headquarters, Titans Tower, in "New Teen Titans" #7 (May 1981), using Silas Stone, the father of the superhero Teen Titan, Cyborg, and the Titans’ dimensional transmitter to return the apparently alive Psimon back to them. The Five were again defeated. Psimon later allied himself with the immortal dimensional traveler known as the Monitor during the seminal 1985 event known as "Crisis on Infinite Earths". Feeling betrayed, the rest of the Five turned on Psimon and apparently murdered him. 
In "New Teen Titans" #37 (December 1983) and "Batman and the Outsiders" #5 (December 1983), the Five turned on Light, expelling him from the group and trying to kill him, but Light escaped, and Psimon again became leader, though the Five were again defeated, this time by the Titans, Batman, and the Outsiders. The Five, later invaded S.T.A.R. Labs in "Tales of the Teen Titans" #56-58 (August-October 1985), freeing Jinx and Neutron, who had been imprisoned there, and taking them into their ranks, but were defeated again by the Titans, and unsuccessfully fought Superman In "Adventures of Superman" #430 (July 1987), this time with new members Charger and Deuce, but were dispatched by him as well.
The team disbanded shortly after Deuce and Charger’s first missions with the Five, with Mammoth and Shimmer deciding to renounce their life of crime and finding peace in a Tibetan monastery. Psimon returned from outer space, quite alive, and systematically sought revenge on his former teammates, Gizmo, Mammoth and Shimmer. Mammoth barely survived a spear rammed through his head by Psimon, but Shimmer was turned into glass and then shattered by the telepath, and seemingly perished. Psimon shrunk Gizmo down to subatomic size, but the diminative tinkerer found a way to return to normal size, but was later incarcerated, along with Mammoth and Jinx, at the metahuman prison on Alcatraz. Psimon himself was incarcerated at another such prison called the Slab, but later escaped when it was destroyed in "Outsiders" #6 (January 2004).
Soon after, in a storyline in "Outsiders" #13 -15 (August-October 2004), frequent Captain Marvel archenemy Doctor Sivana gathered Psimon, freed Mammoth, Gizmo and Jinx from prison, and was able to successfully restore Shimmer’s shattered form, returning her to life, and put the team to work for him in a scheme to short sell Lexcorp stock by having them steal its accounts from its corporate building in Metropolis, and then driving down the stock by killing all the people in the building, and destroying two other Lexcorp properties. At the latter of the two, a microchip processor factory of Lexcorp's subsidiary, Kellacor, the Five were confronted by the Outsiders. After escaping, the criminally unsophisticated Five urged Sivana to take Lexcorp's nuclear missile facility near Joshua Tree, California. When Sivana refused, Psimon asserted that they would take it anyway, and in response, Sivana killed Gizmo with a laser blast to the head, and severed relations with the remaining four, warning them that he would kill them if they ever crossed his path again. Sivana used the money he made from the scheme to purchase a tropical island off the coast of Thailand to use as his lair, but the Five were defeated in their plan to take the facility and fire a nuclear missile at Canada. Mammoth was returned to the metahuman prison on Alcatraz Island, but the other three remain at large. 
Sivana sarcastically suggested after killing Gizmo that the team rename themselves to the Fearsome Four. The Fearsome Five next turn up in "Villains United" #5 (November 2005), wherein they are working for the Secret Society of Super Villains. This time around, they are led by Psimon, and the only three other members of the roster are Mammoth, Shimmer, and Jinx.
One Year Later, Doctor Light, Dr. Sivana, Psimon, Neutron, Mammoth, Shimmer and Jinx are seen on the prison planet in Salvation Run. In Salvation Run #2, Psimon is interrupted by the Joker, who apparently murders him by breaking the dome which houses his brain and smashing it with a rock, repeatedly. In the final issue of the miniseries, Neutron is used by Lex Luthor as a power source for a teleportation device, and is seemingly killed when it self-destructs.
A new Fearsome Five surfaced following the Final Crisis, formed by The Calculator, the members shown so far are Mammoth, Shimmer, Jinx, and new members Nano and Rumble. Nano and Rumble were two inmates of Alcatraz that Shimmer recruited to the team, Nano having been put into jail after battling Cyborg.
In "The New 52" (a reboot of the DC Comics universe) as part of the "Forever Evil" storyline, members of the Fearsome Five (consisting of Gizmo, Jinx, Mammoth, Psimon, and Shimmer) are recruited by the Crime Syndicate of America to join the Secret Society of Super Villains.

</doc>
<doc id="2905592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905592" title="La Caixa">
La Caixa

La Caixa (), formally Caixa d'Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona (), is Europe’s leading savings bank and Spain's third largest financial institution, with a network of over 5.800 branches, more than 9,500 automated teller machines, a workforce in excess of 31,900 and more than 13 million customers.
History.
Today's La Caixa is the result of the July 27, 1990 merger between the "Caja de Pensiones para la Vejez y de Ahorros de Cataluña y Baleares", founded in 1904, and the "Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Barcelona", founded in 1844. From the beginning, La Caixa focused on savings for families and offering its customers security in their old age, when this type of social provision did not yet exist in Spain. Owing to its origins, it is a financial institution, albeit not for profit and charitable and social in nature, with a private board of trustees, independent of any other company or institution.
The La Caixa Group manages a total bank turnover of over 411,522 million Euros (September 2008), with total customer resources in excess of 238,404 million Euros.
Similarly, the Group has a portfolio of industrial interests in companies mainly in the infrastructure, energy and communications sectors. In November 2006, the La Caixa Board of Directors approved the company portfolio of holdings' listing on the stock market, through the Criteria CaixaCorp company, which came into effect on October 10, 2007.
In January 29, 2008, Criteria CaixaCorp was added to the IBEX 35 stock market index.
Reorganisation.
On January 27, 2011, the Board of Directors of La Caixa announced the reorganisation of the Group, by virtue of which La Caixa transfers its banking business to Criteria CaixaCorp, which becomes a banking group called CaixaBank, and Criteria CaixaCorp transfers part of its industrial participations to a new unquoted entity that depends on La Caixa.
On June 30, 2011, all the banking business of La Caixa, including consumer banking, private banking and asset management, was transferred to CaixaBank. All the branch offices now use CaixaBank name while keeping the logo of La Caixa.
CaixaBank brings together the banking business of La Caixa, the insurance business and the participations in international banks and in Telefónica and Repsol. The bank is founded with a leadership position in the Spanish financial and insurance sector, and additionally diversified in with other complementary activities. It also has some 5,200 branches, the lowest ratio of arrears among the large Spanish financial groups, the best coverage and the best position of capital.
Logo.
In the late 1970s, La Caixa asked Landor & Associates to create a corporate identity that would be easily identifiable and that customers could make their own. From the proposals submitted, it was decided to commission the Catalan artist Joan Miró to create a tapestry, from which an emblematic element could be isolated. In 1980, a logo was chosen: a blue star and two coloured circles (a child depositing a coin in a piggy-bank), which has become the renowned symbol of the institution. The original tapestry is on display in the foyer of the La Caixa headquarters in Barcelona.
Corporate social responsibility.
Due to its nonprofit status, the bank controls the largest charitable foundation in Spain, and one of the largest in the world. This foundation makes major investments in such public welfare causes as care of the aged and infants, curing Alzheimer's, technologically advanced classrooms, old-age centers and the like.
Through its Social Programme, La Caixa funds social, environmental and scientific, cultural and research programmes. The La Caixa Foundation is Spain’s leading private foundation, the second in Europe and the fifth in the world in terms of budgetary volume (550 million Euro for 2008), according to data from the European Foundation.
In 2007, the La Caixa Social Programme undertook specific programmes to combat poverty and social exclusion (the CaixaProinfancia programme and the Incorpora employment integration programme) and the creation of MicroBank, a social bank whose primary activity is to award social and financial micro-credits to people who are at risk from social or financial exclusion and to groups with limited resources. It also promotes access to rental apartments to sectors of the population who have difficulty in accessing the property market and care programmes focused on dependency, for individuals in advanced stages of illness, child vaccination and international cooperation.
The La Caixa Social Programme also provides resources for education and research programmes, environmental protection and the dissemination of culture through its centres, such as the recently opened CaixaForum Madrid.
In 2005, the bank received the Gold Medal of the Generalitat de Catalunya for these efforts.
Branch network and remote banking.
At the end of 2007, La Caixa had 5,480 branches, of which 5,468 are located throughout Spain and two operating abroad (Warsaw, Poland and Bucharest, Romania), and 10 representative offices in Germany, Belgium, China, France, Italy, Morocco, Portugal and the United Kingdom. La Caixa also has over 8,011 ATMs, through which more than 500 million transactions were made in 2007. All ATMs are fitted with keyboards adapted to the Braille system and allow the letter size used on the screens to be increased. Of these, 2,491 include a voice system for people with visual impairment.
La Caixa also has an online banking service ("Línea Abierta") which offers more than 700 consultations and transactions (including account management, transfers, direct debits, arranging deposits, loans and mortgages, pension plans, investment funds) and now has over 2.5 million operating customers a month (September 2008), both private individuals and companies. La Caixa's online bank is the leading one of its kind in Europe according to the AQMetrix (Private Banking Division – autumn 2008). The Línea Abierta Móvil service allows customers to consult statements and account and credit card movements, make transfers, consult listings, buy and sell securities and receive notifications via SMS.
In addition, ServiCaixa leads the Spanish market in sales of cinema, theatre, music and sports events tickets via e-channels (7.7 million advance sales in 2007).
Latest Developments.
On 17 December 2013, Spanish bank La Caixa announced the launch of an NFC based mobile payments system through a partnership with Visa Europe, and the largest mobile network operators in the country – Vodafone, Telefónica and Orange. 80% of the Spanish market is held by these three giants.
Initially it had planned a soft launch early in 2014. The bank however said it now wants a fully commercial service available in time for the GSMA Mobile World Congress in Barcelona (24–27 February 2014). Selected customers will be able to use the service in January. It will then be fully rolled out in February 2014, in time for the Mobile World Congress. 

</doc>
<doc id="2905594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905594" title="Donald Caskie">
Donald Caskie

The Rev. Dr. Donald Currie Caskie DD OBE OCF (22 May 190227 December 1983) was a minister in the Church of Scotland, best known for his exploits in France during World War II, during which he helped an estimated 2,000 Allied sailors, soldiers and airmen to escape from occupied France (mainly through Spain). The 'Fasti' - the record of all Church of Scotland ministers since the Reformation - simply mentions that he was "engaged in church and patriotic duties in France, 1939-1945".
Biography.
The son of a crofter, he was born in Bowmore on Islay in 1902. He was educated at Bowmore School and then Dunoon Grammar School before studying arts and divinity at the University of Edinburgh. His first charge was at Gretna, before becoming the minister of the Scots Kirk in Paris in 1938. A 2001 documentary claimed that Caskie was gay, but offered no supporting evidence.
Having denounced the evils of Nazism from the pulpit, following the German invasion of France in 1940 Caskie had to flee from Paris. Instead of trying to return home (as strongly advised by staff at the Church of Scotland Offices in Edinburgh) he fled south, eventually ending up in Marseilles on the French south coast (having refused the opportunity of a place on the last ship to Britain leaving Bayonne). At the British Seamen's Mission in Marseilles, Caskie set up a refuge for stranded Britons. He would even send telegrams to the Church of Scotland offices in Edinburgh informing them of the number of British service personnel who had escaped. With the help of Lt-Cmdr Pat O'Leary RN (later awarded the George Cross), British Intelligence, local clergyman Pastor Heuzy, the American consular authorities and others, Caskie helped many Allied service personnel to flee France.
Detention.
Caskie came under the suspicion of the Vichy France and German authorities, and a fellow Briton betrayed him. Pastor Heuzy was one of many to be executed. Lack of evidence saved Caskie’s life for the first time; instead he received a suspended prison sentence and was ordered to leave Marseilles. This was partly helped by Caskie’s ability to speak Gaelic, confounding his interrogators.
Caskie headed for Grenoble, acting as chaplain amongst the captured British soldiers. The Nazis had ordered that all British-born civilians in the occupied countries be interned in Germany. In a calculated risk, Caskie managed to influence the Italian camp commandant to release civilians. Caskie was arrested again and this time put on trial and sentenced to death. Awaiting execution by firing squad, Caskie asked to see a pastor. This saved his life; the German army padre Hans Helmut Peters appealed to Berlin to spare Caskie. He then spent the rest of the war in a Prisoner of War camp, resuming his ministry in Paris after the war. He was appoointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) and also honoured by the French government for his wartime service.
Scots Kirk Church.
The Scots Kirk in Paris had been unused throughout the war, and lack of maintenance led to the church having to be rebuilt during the 1950s. To help pay for the rebuilding, his autobiographical account of his extraordinary wartime activities was published as "The Tartan Pimpernel" in 1957. The 1950s building proved to have serious defects and had to be again rebuilt in the late 1990s, Caskie's book being again reissued.
Late life.
Caskie finally returned to Scotland in 1961 to become minister at Wemyss Bay and Skelmorlie on the Firth of Clyde. He was latterly also minister at St Cuthbert's Church in Monkton, Ayrshire. He retired to Edinburgh in the early seventies and lived the final year of his life with his younger brother in Greenock. He died in 1983 and is buried at Bowmore on Islay. Various personal artefacts, including his wartime medals, can be seen at Kilarrow Parish Church, Bowmore.

</doc>
<doc id="2905595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905595" title="Matt Capps">
Matt Capps

Matthew "Matt" Dicus Capps (born September 3, 1983), is a professional baseball relief pitcher in the Cleveland Indians organization. He is a 2002 graduate of Alexander High School in Douglasville, where he lettered in football, basketball, cross-country and baseball before receiving a scholarship to Louisiana State University.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Capps was drafted by the Pirates in the 7th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft. He was a starting pitcher until 2004, never advancing above A-level in the minor leagues.
In 2005, he was converted to a relief pitcher and his career took off. Though he started the season at A-level Hickory, he was promoted mid-season to the AA Altoona Curve and later to the AAA Indianapolis Indians for the International League playoffs. After Indianapolis's season ended, he was promoted to the Pirates on September 16 and made his debut that night.
The beginning of the 2006 season saw Capps break spring training with the Pirates. At first, Capps saw time only in safe situations, but, as the season wore on, he established himself as one of the most consistent and effective relievers in the Pittsburgh bullpen. Although only a rookie, Capps saw a lot of appearances as the Pirates' set-up man to closers Mike González and Salomón Torres.
In 85 games during the 2006 season, Capps pitched a total of 80.2 innings, striking out 56 batters, while only allowing 81 hits and 37 runs, for an ERA of 3.79. Capps posted a team best 9–1 record out of the bullpen, while mixing in 13 holds and 1 save. He led all Major League rookie pitchers in appearances.
Capps began the 2007 season as the sole eighth inning set-up man to Torres, and through the beginning of June was among Major League Baseball's leaders in holds. On June 1, manager Jim Tracy announced that Capps would replace Torres as the Pirates closer. One day later, Capps recorded his first save of the season—the second of his career. This was the kick start to his new role as the Pirates' closer.
Capps started the 2008 season by earning 15 consecutive saves, before blowing his first save of the season on June 10. On July 2, Capps was placed on the disabled list after suffering from arm soreness. He missed nearly two months of action while he rehabbed at the Pirates' spring training facility in Bradenton, Florida. He ended the season with 21 saves and five blown saves.
In 2009, Capps converted 27 of 32 save opportunities, with a 5.80 ERA. He allowed 73 hits and 35 earned runs in 54.1 innings pitched. Capps was not tendered a contract by the Pirates on December 12 and became a free agent.
Washington Nationals.
On January 6, 2010, Capps signed a one year, $3.5 million deal with the Washington Nationals. Capps was named the DHL Delivery Man Award winner for the month of April 2010, after recording ten saves in ten opportunities with an ERA of 0.68 for the month. He would convert his first 16 save opportunities of the season, en route to recording 23 saves in the season's opening half, good for a tie for second in the major leagues. He earned his first All-Star Game selection, voted in on the Player's Ballot. He was the leading vote-getter among all NL relievers.
Capps went on to be the winning pitcher in the game. The sixth hurler for the NL, he struck out the previous day's Home Run Derby winner David Ortiz looking with a 2–2 fastball to end the sixth inning, holding the American Leaguers to a 1–0 lead. He was the beneficiary of Brian McCann's three-run double in the seventh.
Minnesota Twins.
On July 29, 2010, Capps was traded to the Minnesota Twins for catcher Wilson Ramos and left-handed pitcher Joe Testa. He took over the closer role from Jon Rauch and picked up his first save as a Twin in his first outing against the Seattle Mariners, on July 30. Through October 2, Capps was 2–0 with a 2.00 ERA for the Twins, with 16 saves in 18 opportunities. Upon the return of Joe Nathan, Capps was reassigned to the setup role for the 2011 season. After two blown saves in a row, Nathan relinquished the closer role to Capps on April 16. Capps again became a setup man for Nathan after a dramatic loss at Target Field on July 15, 2011.
In December 2011, Capps re-signed with the Twins. The contract guarantees at least one year and at least $4,750,000.
On October 24, 2012, the Twins announced they would decline their club option for Capps worth $6MM. Capps received a $250K buyout.
Cleveland Indians.
On January 31, 2013, the Cleveland Indians announced they signed Capps to a minor league deal with an invitation to spring training. They subsequently released him on March 25. He was re-signed to another minor league contract a day later. He was assigned to Triple-A Columbus, where he pitched in 6 games before going on the disabled list with right shoulder inflammation. On June 5, he underwent surgery, ending his season. He gave up 1 run in 7 innings in those 6 games with Columbus, striking out 3.
On October 17, 2013, Capps signed another minor league deal with the Indians with an invitation to spring training.
Pitching style.
Capps throws four pitches: a four-seam fastball and two-seam fastball (91–95 mph), slider (85–89), and changeup (87–89). Left-handed hitters see more two-seam fastballs and changeups, while righties see more four-seamers and sliders. On a handful of occasions, Capps has experimented with a cutter to right-handers.
Personal life.
Capps is a Christian. Capps has spoken about his faith saying, "Baseball is our national pastime, and a lot of people look up to us because of what we do. To be able to use that and funnel that into sharing Christ is an unbelievable opportunity." 

</doc>
<doc id="2905601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905601" title="Zhang Bairen">
Zhang Bairen

Peter Zhang Bairen (February 14, 1915 – October 12, 2005) was the unofficial Bishop of Hanyang, China.
Chinese authorities did not officially recognize Bishop Peter Zhang; however, he was officially consecrated as a monsignor within the Roman Catholic Church in 1986, by Liu Hede, the unofficial Bishop of Hankou.
Monsignor Zhang spent twenty-four years in prison and labor camps following his continued loyalty to the Pope (1955–1979). In an unusual concession, local authorities permitted Zhang's funeral services to be open to the public.
The funeral took place in October and was attended by both official and unofficial clergy members.

</doc>
<doc id="2905614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905614" title="Northeastern Oklahoma A&amp;M College">
Northeastern Oklahoma A&amp;M College

Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College, commonly referred to as NEO, is a two-year state residential college and fully funded by the state of Oklahoma located in the small former mining town of Miami, Oklahoma, with a variety of academic programs in Agriculture, Livestock Judging, Nursing, Physical Therapist Assistant, Theatre, Social Science, and other fields. Established as the Miami School of Mines in 1919, NEO currently has an enrollment of approximately two thousand students. The Golden Norsemen is the school mascot.
History.
The Oklahoma Senate passed Senate Bill 225 on March 17, 1919 to establish the Miami School of Mines. The school began operations in September 1920. In 1942, the school became Northeastern Oklahoma Junior College, as mining became less important in Miami. In April 1943, the Board of Regents for the Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges gained control of the college, and the college became Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College.
Academics.
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M offers certificate programs and associate degrees. The college offers certificates in: accounting, administrative assistant, child development, computer information systems, drafting and design, equine and ranch management, general office operations, management and marketing, and medical office assistant. The college offers Associate of Arts degrees in: Art and design, criminal justice, early childhood education, English, general studies, mass communications, music, Native American studies, Natural resources and ecology, Management, psychology and sociology, social sciences, and speech and theatre. Associate of Applied Science degrees include: business administrative technology, computer information science, construction management, equine and ranch management, medical lab technician, nursing, physical therapist assistant, and process technology. Associate of Science degrees are offered in: agriculture, business administration, accounting, elementary education, pre-engineering, natural science, nursing, physical education, sports management, and veterinary medicine.
Athletics.
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M self-identifies in athletics as "NEO", and its mascot is Golden Norsemen for men's sports and Lady Norse for women's sports. Men's sports at NEO are baseball, football, basketball, soccer, and wrestling. Women's sports are basketball, softball, soccer, and volleyball. NEO also fields agricultural sports: horseback riding, horse judging, livestock judging, and rodeo.

</doc>
<doc id="2905619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905619" title="Chaiya Railway Station">
Chaiya Railway Station

Chaiya Railway Station (S.R.T. Code: CIY, ) is the first class and main railway station in the northern Surat Thani Province, Thailand. It located on S.R.T. Southern Railway Line km 597+751 in Talad Chaiya Town, Chaiya District. It has 2 track in its rail yard, 2 platform and has no siding for freight trains.
History.
Chaiya Railway Station is the one of oldest railway station in the Southern Thailand. It had been opened in 1915 in the land that later developed into the current Chaiya town. At that time the main settlement was at Phumriang, but many citizen moved to built houses near the new station, so a few year later that settlement had grown to a new town.
Chaiya Railway Station's appearance has been improved with repairs in November 2004. It was upgraded to a 2nd class station in May 2005, and upgraded to a 1st class station on 23 July 2010.
Service.
As of 2006, Chaiya Railway Station serves 20 train stops and 4 trains pass per day, all of them served by S.R.T.
Transportation.
Many lines of minibuses connect the town of Chaiya and the station with other part of the district and neighbour districts, such as Chaiya - Bandon, Chaiya - Phunphin, Chaiya - Phumriang, Chaiya - Tha Chana, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2905620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905620" title="Amsoft">
Amsoft

Amsoft was a wholly owned subsidiary of Amstrad, PLC, founded in 1984 and re-integrated with its parent company in 1989. Its purpose was to provide an initial infrastructure of software and services for users of Amstrad's range of home computers, the Amstrad CPC and, from 1986, the Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Many people's first contact with software on an Amstrad home computer would have been an Amsoft title, as several titles were included in the sales bundles.
History.
While developing its first home computer, the Amstrad CPC464, Amstrad assessed that part of the success of its competitors' machines was the backing of a grown infrastructure of software and services. Being a newcomer to the computer market, Amstrad decided to artificially create this infrastructure for the launch of their own computers. In February 1984, Amstrad founded its "Amsoft" division headed by Roland Perry and William Poel who at the time were also overseeing the development of the Amstrad CPC464 itself.
Most prominently, Amsoft acted as the first-party game and business software publisher for Amstrad computers. Most of its software products were licensed from various third-party developers and published under the "Amsoft" label. This also provided a risk-free means for established software studios to try out their products in the emerging Amstrad CPC market. In addition to publishing software, Amsoft was tasked with press relations and consumer promotion, most notably creating and maintaining the "Amstrad User Club" and publishing its periodical, the "CPC464 User" (later "Amstrad Computer User").
When a reliable third-party support had been established, Amsoft gradually faded out the publishing of software and sold the Amstrad User Club as well as the user magazine. By 1989, Amsoft was fully integrated with the main Amstrad corporation and ceased to exist as a separate entity.

</doc>
<doc id="2905627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905627" title="Sverdlovsk anthrax leak">
Sverdlovsk anthrax leak

The Sverdlovsk anthrax leak was an incident in which spores of anthrax were accidentally released from a military facility in the city of Sverdlovsk (formerly, and now again, Yekaterinburg) 1450 km east of Moscow on April 2, 1979. This accident is sometimes called "biological Chernobyl". The ensuing outbreak of the disease resulted in approximately 100 deaths, although the exact number of victims remains unknown. The cause of the outbreak had for years been denied by the Soviet Union, which blamed the deaths on intestinal exposure due to the consumption of tainted meat from the area, and subcutaneous exposure due to butchers handling the tainted meat. All medical records of the victims had been removed in order to avoid revelations of serious violations of the Biological Weapons Convention.
Background.
The closed city of Sverdlovsk had been a major production center of the Soviet military-industrial complex since World War II. It produced tanks, nuclear rockets and other armaments. A major nuclear accident happened in this region in 1957, when a nuclear waste facility exploded (known as the Kyshtym disaster), resulting in the spread of radioactive dust over a thousand square kilometers. The biological weapons facility in Sverdlovsk was built after World War II, using documentation captured in Manchuria from the Japanese germ warfare program.
The strain of anthrax produced in "Military Compound 19" near Sverdlovsk was the most powerful in the Soviet arsenal ("Anthrax 836"). It had been isolated as a result of another anthrax leak accident that happened in 1953 in the city of Kirov. A leak from a bacteriological facility contaminated the city sewer system. In 1956, biologist Vladimir Sizov found a more virulent strain in rodents captured in this area. This strain was planned to be used to arm warheads for the SS-18 ICBM, which would target American cities, among other targets.
The accident.
The produced anthrax culture had to be dried to produce a fine powder for use as an aerosol. Large filters over the exhaust pipes were the only barriers between the anthrax dust and the outside environment. On the last Friday of March 1979, a technician removed a clogged filter while drying machines were temporarily turned off. He left a written notice, but his supervisor did not write this down in the logbook as he was supposed to do. The supervisor of the next shift did not find anything unusual in the logbook, and turned the machines on. In a few hours, someone found that the filter was missing and reinstalled it. The incident was reported to military command, but local and city officials were not immediately informed. Boris Yeltsin, a local Communist Party boss at this time, helped cover up the accident.
All workers of a ceramic plant across the street fell ill during the next few days. Almost all of them died in a week. The death toll was at least 105, but the exact number is unknown as all hospital records and other evidence were destroyed by the KGB, according to former Biopreparat deputy director Ken Alibek.
The investigation.
In the 1980s, there was vigorous international debate and speculation as to whether the outbreak was natural or an accidental exposure. If accidental, there was discussion of whether it represented violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention. A number of small investigations launched by Russian scientists in the years immediately following the dissolution of the Soviet Union re-opened the case in a number of newspaper articles.
A team of Western inspectors led by Professor Matthew Meselson of Harvard finally gained access to the region in 1992, and determined that all of the victims had been living directly downwind at the time of the release of the spores via aerosol. Livestock in the area were also affected. It was revealed around this time that the accident was caused by the non-replacement of a filter on an exhaust at the facility, and though the problem was quickly rectified it was too late to prevent a release. Had the winds been blowing in the direction of the city at that time, it could have resulted in the pathogen being spread to hundreds of thousands of people. The military facility remains closed to inspection. Professor Meselson's original contention for many years had been that the outbreak was a natural one and that the Soviet authorities were not lying when they disclaimed having an active offensive bio-warfare program, but the information uncovered in the investigation left no room for doubt. Meselson's wife, Jeanne Guillemin (who had participated in the investigation), detailed the events in a 1999 book.
Aftermath.
Russian Prime Minister Egor Gaidar issued a decree to begin demilitarization of Compound 19 in 1992. However, the facility continued its work. Not a single journalist has been allowed onto the premises since 1992. About 200 soldiers with Rottweiler dogs still patrol the complex. Classified activities were moved underground, and several new laboratories have been constructed and equipped to work with highly dangerous pathogens. One of their current subjects is reportedly "Bacillus anthracis" strain H-4. Its virulence and antibiotic resistance have been dramatically increased using genetic engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="2905633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905633" title="Tiradentes, Minas Gerais">
Tiradentes, Minas Gerais

Tiradentes is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is located at , has an area of 83.5 km², and a maximum height of 927 m. Tiradentes had an estimated population of 6,364, as of 2004. The original village was established in 1702 and became a city on 19 January 1718. It was named after "Tiradentes", a national hero, who was born there. The former name of the city was São José del Rey and it was changed as soon as Brazil adopted the Republic instead of the Monarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="2905636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905636" title="Port of Rosario">
Port of Rosario

The Port of Rosario is an inland port and a major goods-shipping center of Argentina, located in the city of Rosario, province of Santa Fe, on the right-hand (western) shore of the Paraná River, about 550 km upstream from the Atlantic Ocean.
Overview.
The port is the largest of a series located in the several cities of the Greater Rosario that lie on the Paraná; the last (northernmost) able of overseas traffic being Puerto General San Martín (23 km upstream from Rosario). It is part of the Bi-Oceanic Corridor that joins the Atlantic with the Pacific Ocean via Buenos Aires, Rosario, Córdoba, the Cuyo region and Valparaíso, Chile; going north-south it forms the axis of the Paraguay-Paraná Hydroway. It directly services the area of Santa Fe that produces a large part of Argentine exports, and indirectly the whole Mercosur trade bloc. In 2003 the traffic in the port amounted to 2.9 million tonnes.
At this point of the course of the Paraná (Kilometer 420) lies the depth transition between overseas and river navigation. The main channel of the river directly in front of the port has an advantageous configuration that allows to preserve a depth of 34 feet with minor periodic dredging. This allows for downstream navigation of vessels up to Panamax kind. The Paraná is about 600 m wide at Kilometer 418 and becomes 2,000 m wide downstream. Cargo from other parts of Argentina is brought into the port by the railway lines of the Nuevo Central Argentino, communicating with Córdoba (west) and Zárate, Buenos Aires Province (south), as well as the multiple national and provincial roads and highways that converge in Rosario. Communication with the north-eastern part of the country was enhanced by the 2003 opening of the Rosario-Victoria Bridge, that joins the city with the province of Entre Ríos. The Rosario International Airport (located 15 km east) has also been refurbished to work with cargo traffic.
The facilities were opened in 1852 partly as a hedge against the political and armed conflicts that ultimately led to the Federalization of Buenos Aires. The rapid development of Argentine agriculture after 1875 led to the port growth into a significant role in the nation's burgeoning grain exports sector, in subsequent decades. The Port of Rosario was nationalized in 1942 and by 1960, it had overtaken the Port of Buenos Aires as the nation's leading grain export hub. 
The Port of Rosario has, since 1994, been managed by ENAPRO ("Ente Administrador del Puerto Rosario"), a public company overseen by the provincial government, which grants concessions as appropriate to private companies.
The first bid was won in 1998 by International Container Terminal Services (ICTSI), managers of the Port of Manila and of a terminal in the Port of Buenos Aires. ICTSI's Argentine subsidiary, Puerto Rosario S. A. (PROSA), faced labour conflicts and strikes after firing a number of port terminal workers it had promised to keep. It also failed to pay the royalties due to the ENAPRO and to perform the agreed investments. In 2000 the concession was revoked.
In 2002 a new company, Terminal Puerto Rosario S. A. (manager of the Port of Tarragona, Spain) was awarded the concession of Terminals 1 and 2 of the port for 30 years.
In October 2005 the National Secretariat of Ports and Navigable Ways ordered the beginning of works to dredge the Paraná to a depth of 34 feet, in the first stage, and later to 36 feet, downstream from Puerto General San Martín; this will allow for cargo vessels of up to 50,000 tonnes. The 34-feet stage (allowing for 46,600-tonne ships) was completed in August 2006. 
More Information:
PUERTO ROSARIO

</doc>
<doc id="2905637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905637" title="Uniface (programming language)">
Uniface (programming language)

Uniface is a development and deployment platform for enterprise applications that can run in a large range of runtime environments, including mobile, mainframe, web, Service-oriented architecture (SOA), Windows, Java EE and .NET. Uniface is a model-driven, Rapid Application Development(RAD)environment used to create mission-critical applications.
Uniface applications are database- and platform-independent. Uniface provides an integration framework that enables Uniface applications to integrate with all major DBMS products such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL and IBM DB2. In addition, Uniface also supports file systems such as RMS (HP OpenVMS), Sequential files, operating system text files and a wide range of other technologies, such as mainframe-based products (CICS, IMS), web services, SMTP and POP email, LDAP directories, .NET, ActiveX, Component Object Model (COM), C(++) programs, and Java. Uniface operates under Microsoft Windows, Windows Mobile, various flavors of Unix and Linux, VMS, IBM iSeries, and z/OS.
Uniface can be used in complex systems that maintain critical enterprise data supporting mission-critical business processes such as point-of sale and web-based online shopping, financial transactions, salary administration, and inventory control. It is currently used by thousands of companies in more than 30 countries, with an effective installed base of millions of end-users. Uniface applications range from client/server to web, and from data entry to workflow, as well as portals that are accessed locally, via intranets and the internet.
Originally developed in the Netherlands by Inside Automation, later Uniface B.V., the product and company were acquired by Detroit-based Compuware Corp in 1994, and in 2014 was acquired by Marlin Equity Partners and is now an independent company. Uniface B.V. global headquarters are based in Amsterdam. 
Uniface Products.
Uniface Development Environment—an integrated collection of tools for modeling, implementing, compiling, debugging, and distributing applications.
Uniface applications, including the above, use a common runtime infrastructure, consisting of:
In addition, the Uniface JTi (Java Thin Client Interface) can deliver client/server Uniface applications to any computer connected to the Internet.
Uniface has a proprietary procedural language called Proc that is used to code application behavior. Uniface automates most input/output operations through its kernel and default code, so much fundamental behavior does not need to be coded.
Uniface Applications.
Uniface applications are component-based, infrastructure-independent software programs that can create or use data stored in one or more databases or file-systems. They can be composite applications that include non-Uniface components created using other development tools, and they can be deployed in distributed client/server and web environments, as mobile applications or web services, and in mainframe environments.
Uniface has a variety of component types that are intended for use in different layers of a multi-tier application architecture. 
Components for the presentation tier are responsible for the user interface, and include: 
Components for the business logic tier handle business rules and task-specific behavior and have no user interface: 
The data access tier contains physical database structures captured in the Uniface application model. Uniface ensures physical data access by encapsulating SQL in its DBMS connectors. Network and middleware access are encapsulated by the middleware drivers and the Uniface Router.
The runtime engine executes the application components. It displays presentation components using the appropriate user interface connector (either GUI or character-based), and sends and receives data via a DBMS connector.
Application Development.
Uniface applications are developed on with the Uniface Development Environment. Originally, it was possible to develop on Apple and DEC platforms; now, Windows is the supported platform for development.
Uniface applications development is model-driven and component-based. The data structure, business rules, and default behavior of the application are captured in the Application Model. Model definitions can be reused and inherited by components, which can override inherited definitions and provide component-specific behavior and characteristics. Templates improve productivity and enforce consistency when defining models.
Application Model.
The application model defines entities (tables), fields, keys (indexes) and relationships together with referential integrity. Each entity and field in the model has properties and a set of triggers. Business rules are added to the model declaratively by setting properties and procedurally by adding Proc code (Uniface's procedural language) in triggers. 
Triggers are containers for code. Some triggers represent user or system events, for example Occurrence Gets Focus, Read or Leave Field. Others cover matters such as validation or act as place holders for methods associated with the particular object. 
The use of model-level triggers enables Uniface to collect properties and behavior within business objects, separating logical from the physical data structures. It makes it possible to define default behavior once, for reuse throughout the application, speeding development and facilitating the 3-tier application architecture.
Each entity (table) is first defined in the Application Model from where it can be exported to the physical database in the form of CREATE TABLE scripts.
Components.
Objects described in the application model are reused by components. Developers embed objects from the model on the component by drawing them on the layout canvas (for presentation components), or inserting them into a tree view of the component structure. They can also add component-level objects that are not in the application model, such as control fields, menus, and component variables. 
The properties and triggers defined in the application model are inherited by being copied into the component. The definitions can be changed at the component level to provide specific functionality. This breaks the link between the application model and the component (although it is possible to restore the link to the model). If the model code or properties are changed at the model level, all components holding that object need only be recompiled to collect the new definitions. This provides benefits in maintenance and ensures that the rules associated with the object are available wherever it is used.
Uniface Repository.
Uniface maintains a database of its own metadata for the purposes of reuse—application models, component definitions, component layouts, procedural code, and so on. The repository is proprietary and intended for access via the Uniface Development Environment, to ensure repository integrity. However, the repository structure is documented, making it possible (though not recommended) to interface directly with it for, for example, reporting. 
By using a centralized repository, application development can be shared over teams of software developers. Uniface can integrate with any version control system (VCS) that supports the Microsoft Common Source Code Control Interface Specification. The VCS functionality available within Uniface depends on the VCS used, because software vendors have interpreted and implemented the MS CSCC API differently.
Application Deployment.
Uniface applications can be deployed on platforms from mainframe through mobile, without changing the code. The components (and other objects such as startup shells, menus, toolbars (panels), glyphs, global and included Proc entries) are compiled into runtime objects that can be packaged into zip files and deployed onto any platform. The runtime objects are executed using a virtual machine and a platform-specific interpreter. (Java later followed Uniface in this respect). Components can be compiled on one machine and executed on another, providing the Uniface Virtual Machine is present. 
The Uniface Router and Uniface Server make Uniface scalable, balanceable and make is possible to run processes asynchronously.
Database Connectivity.
Uniface accesses the many databases and file systems it supports by means of database connectors (or drivers). DBMS connectors map and convert Uniface data types to the most suitable format of the particular storage medium. At runtime, it is possible to pass parameters to invoke (or disable) database-specific extensions. Provided the database connector is licensed, it is possible to convert between different data sources. Uniface also provides an API, the Database Connector Interface, which can be used to create proprietary connectors for any SQL-based database.
Licensing.
Licensing is managed through the Compuware Distributed License Manager (DLM), a server based system of distributing licenses to clients on request, precluding the need for them to be held locally. 
History of Uniface.
Originally called UNIS, the product was created in The Netherlands in 1984 by Inside Automation, a company that was headed by Bodo Douqué, with Frits Kress as Technical Director. By 1986, both the product and the company had changed their name to Uniface. (An early logo for the product included a red capital A which reflected the red capital A in the Inside Automation logo.)
Uniface was developed on the principles of the American National Standards Institute, (ANSI), 3-schema architecture. First proposed in 1975, this was a standard approach to the building of database management systems consisting of 3 schema (or metamodels):
Uniface was developed on the DEC VAX machine, using the native VAX file-management system RMS. A vestige of this is still seen in today’s product by its continued use of a “GOLD” key to change modes (DEC VT terminals actually had a gold or yellow key on the keyboard. Today the “GOLD” is simply mapped to the numeric keyboard + key, or a function key). 
Early versions of the product were bundled with the Sybase RDBMS under the name FastBuild, although it was not limited to accessing only that database. 
Uniface has continuously evolved to handle new technologies and application architectures. This has been critical to its success, because applications built with Uniface can be migrated, updated and modernized without losing the original development investment.
Uniface Versions.
Uniface Version 3 (1986):
Uniface 3 was the first public release. It featured support for multiple databases (RMS, Oracle, C_ISAM, Ingres, and RDB); virtual machine interpretation; the Structure Editor, the Uniface text and command editor.
Uniface Version 4 (1988):
Uniface 4 improved the text editor (now form editor), improved printing and display support, introduced support for MS-DOS, and added a CASE tool interface.
Uniface Version 5 (1990):
Uniface 5 enabled client/server deployment with the introduction of remote database access through Polyserver. It introduced graphical user interface via the Universal Presentation Interface (UPI). Database support was extended to a total of 13 databases and file systems, and it was now available on DOS, VMS, OS/2, Stratus VOS and UNIX. Japanese character support was also introduced.
Uniface Six (1994):
Uniface Six completed the move to fully graphical development environments. It included the graphical form painter and application model editor; improved deployment through Dynamic Object Libraries; added support for Microsoft Object Linking and Embedding (OLE); included support for Apple Macintosh; added permissions control; integrated version control; added Personal Series reporting tools (although these were later removed when the 3rd party decided not to enhance its product); wider platform support.
Uniface Seven (1997):
Uniface Seven focused on component integration for both Uniface and external components through the introduction of the Uniface Request Broker (URB) architecture. The URB supports bi-directional and synchronous or asynchronous communication between components. As well as remote data access, it added partitioned Application Servers and messaging. Uniface Seven also delivered the first Uniface web development and deployment tools with Web Application Server and Uniface Request Dispatcher.
Other enhancements included new component types (Services, Server Pages, Reports); Signature Editor and Assembly Workbench; subsystems; operations; non-modal forms; component instances; improved editors and navigation; enhanced editor plug-in; new debugger; integrated online help; component templates; Web Application Server; improved validation; Uniface Name Server and graphical partitioning manager.
Uniface Seven also saw the introduction of several other tools:
Uniface 8 (2001):
Uniface 8 brought about major changes in the area of process integration. The Uniface Router and Uniface Server provided scalable, balanced deployment. The Web Request Dispatcher (WRD) replaced the URD, improving performance. Support for web services, with SOAP and XML, was introduced. Connectivity and interoperability were improved and a method for implementing a 3-tier application architecture was introduced.
Connectors for SOAP, COM, CORBA and MQSeries were added; window and file management was improved; a new deployment utility) was introduced, improving application distribution; component subtypes for 3-tier architecture were added; handles were added for component instances, and automatic garbage collection was added.
Uniface 9 (2006):
The Uniface 9 release focused on GUI and usability improvements, thin deployment, and integration. Support for Windows Mobile was added, and configuration and deployment was simplified using zipped archives. Support for Unicode improved what was an already impressive multilingual capability, and improvements in web development and XML handling brought Uniface further into line with industry standards. Dynamic field movement in form components removed some old barriers to flexibility. 
Other features included improved color handling, dynamic menus, an XML API, a diagram editor for the Application Model; cross-referencing functionality to support refactoring and deployment, and enhanced web services functionality.
Uniface 9.4 (2010):
Despite being a point release, Uniface 9.4 introduced enough major new functionality to be considered a major release. The major focus was on rich internet application (RIA) functionality, making it possible to develop Web 2.0 applications with the rich functionality of client/server applications using the same tools and methodologies used to develop classic client/server applications. Language and locale support was substantially improved, as was support for HTML email, and security and encryption. 
Uniface 9.5 (2011):
The release of Uniface 9.5 has improved the product’s integration with the World Wide Web. The introduction of a JavaScript API, together with other improvements, means that client-side processing can bring benefits in the areas of performance, integration, functionality and user-friendliness. The session management capability has been extended to offer improved security. And the processing of Web Services now fully supports complex datatypes for both SOAP and RESTful services. There have also been improvements for those customers who have business-critical client/server applications, particularly in the area of the grid widget.
Uniface 9.6 (2012):
Uniface 9.6, provided a significant overhaul of the Uniface client server GUI capabilities. Functionality included an HTML5 control leveraging the JavaScript APIs originally delivered for the web, an enhanced tab control and updates to image handling, buttons plus other improvements. The form container control enables 'forms within forms', enabling the development of dynamic user experiences. 
In addition to the GUI enhancements, Uniface 9.6 also delivered enhancements to the Uniface Web and Web Services capabilities, including the ability to dynamical change the scope of web transactions, web pagination and hitlist processing and improved WSDL and XML capabilities. 
The Uniface Business Unit has been very transparent to the customer base that Uniface 9.6 is the last release of Uniface 9, before the release of Uniface 10 into the market place. 
There is the intention to continue to provide minor enhancements to Uniface 9.6 until 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="2905640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905640" title="Alice Hegan Rice">
Alice Hegan Rice

Alice Hegan Rice, also known as Alice Caldwell Hegan, (January 11, 1870 – February 10, 1942) was an American novelist.
Born in Shelbyville, Kentucky, she wrote over two dozen books, the most famous of which is "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch". The book was a best seller in 1902 and is set in Louisville, Kentucky where she then lived. It was made into a successful play in 1903, and there were three Hollywood movie versions of it. The best known is the 1934 film starring Pauline Lord and W. C. Fields.
Hegan was married to poet and dramatist Cale Young Rice. The house they lived in at 1444 St. James Court is still standing. She was a niece of author Frances Little (pseud.).
Several of Alice Rice's earlier works were translated into German, French, Danish, and Swedish, and three ("Mrs. Wiggs, Mr. Opp," and the "Romance of Billy-Goat Hill") were dramatized. Both before and after she became a novelist she was favorably known also for short stories contributed to the magazines.
Her other titles were: 
She died at her home in Louisville in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="2905643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905643" title="Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (Ontario)">
Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (Ontario)

The Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (MTCU) is the ministry of the government of Ontario responsible for administration of laws relating to postsecondary education and skills training. This ministry is one of two education ministries, the other being the Ministry of Education (responsible for primary and secondary schools across Ontario). The Ministry's offices are in downtown Toronto, Ontario. The current minister is Reza Moridi, succeeding Brad Duguid.
Governance.
The Minister of Training, Colleges, and Universities is a member of the Executive Council of Ontario (or cabinet) reporting to the Premier and held accountable by the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The deputy minister manages the operations of the ministry that includes five main divisions. As a whole, the ministry has responsibility for administration of laws relating to postsecondary education and skills training in Ontario. The divisions cover employment and training, postsecondary education, strategic policy and programs, corporate management and services, and French-language education and educational operations. The divisions report to the deputy minister who then reports to the minister. The Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities works with several external advisory bodies to assist the governance of the higher education system in Ontario.
Reports.
Rae Report, 2005.
The Rae Report, officially titled Ontario: A Leader in Learning, called for deregulation of tuition fees, income-contingent loan repayments, and an increase in public funding.
List of ministers.
Minister of Skills Development.
A short lived ministry that was closely tied to Colleges and Universities.

</doc>
<doc id="2905644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905644" title="Cricova (winery)">
Cricova (winery)

"Cricova"' is a Moldovan winery, located in the town with the same name, north of Chişinău. Famous wine cellars make it a popular attraction for tourists.
Winery.
The wine cellars of Cricova is the second largest wine cellar in Moldova, after Milestii Mici (largest in the world). It boasts a mere of labyrinthine roadways, versus MM's , tunnels have existed under Cricova since the 15th century, when limestone was dug out to help build Chişinău. They were converted into an underground wine emporium in the 1950s.
Half of the roadways are used for wine storage. The roads are named by the wines they store. This "wine city" has its warehouses, tasting rooms and other facilities underground. It goes down to below ground and holds 1.25 million bottles of rare wine. The oldest wine dates back to 1902. The temperature is maintained at about all year round (which is perfect for wine). This place is especially famous for hiding Jews in wine barrels during the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union.
Legend has it that in 1966 astronaut Yuri Gagarin entered the cellars, re-emerging (with assistance) two days later. Russian president Vladimir Putin celebrated his 50th birthday there.
The territory used to be a mine for limestone, a building material. In some branches excavation is still active, so the cellar is still growing. Other famous wineries in Moldova include Cojuşna and Mileştii Mici.
Wine production.
Cricova is one of the very few wineries in the world that produce sparkling wines in accordance with the classical French method, purportedly invented centuries ago by the monk Dom Pierre Perignon – "Methode Champenoise", by means of the secondary in-bottle fermentation and an ultimate maturation cuvée in horizontal position of at least 3 years.
Cricova makes a unique sparkling red wine, kodrinskoie-sparkling, made from cabernet sauvignon stocks and marketed as having a 'rich velvet texture and a blackcurrant and cherry taste'.
The "Grand Cellars of Cricova" house a remarkable collection of wines – The National Oenotec. The unique exhibits ("Jerusalem of Easter" vintage 1902, the liqueur "Jan Becker" vintage 1902) together with other 158 brands from Bourgogne, Moseley, Tokay, Rein, etc. – make up the precious thesaurus of the establishment as well as of Moldova in general, comprising nowadays a total of about 1.3 million bottles.
However, the pride of the Oenotec are, first of all, the wines bearing the name "Cricova", which brought the winery a collection of national and international tasting awards. As of 2008, the collection consists of over 70 silver, gold and "Grand Prix" awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2905648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905648" title="Epiphania">
Epiphania

Epiphania is the name of several places and people. It is the feminine form of the name Epiphanius.

</doc>
<doc id="2905651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905651" title="Atony">
Atony

In medicine, atony (; also "atonia") is a condition in which a muscle has lost its strength. It is frequently associated with the conditions atonic seizure, atonic colon, uterine atony, gastrointestinal atony (occurs postoperatively) and choreatic atonia.
Atony can also refer to the paralyzed or extremely relaxed state of skeletal muscles in rapid eye movement sleep (REM sleep) in most warm-blooded animals.
The term "atony" comes from the Ancient Greek ἀτονία ("atonia"), "slackness, debility". 

</doc>
<doc id="2905653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905653" title="Heartland Film Festival">
Heartland Film Festival

The Heartland Film Festival is a film festival held each October in Indianapolis, Indiana. First held in 1992, its goal is to "recognize and honor filmmakers whose work explores the human journey by artistically expressing hope and respect for the positive values of life."
In May 2007, Heartland Truly Moving Pictures was created as the parent company for the Heartland Film Festival. The Heartland Film Festival is one of three programs sponsored by Heartland Truly Moving Pictures. The other two are the Truly Moving Picture Award program and the Heartland Institute which encourages young filmmakers and film as an education tool.
Awards.
Its awards include the "Crystal Heart Award", for independent filmmakers, and the "James Stewart Memorial Crystal Heart Award", for student filmmakers. Films winning either award (several of each are awarded each year) are screened during the festival, in addition to other films. The festival began awarding a Grand Prize for Best Dramatic Feature in 1999. In 2005, the festival instituted "Audience Choice Awards": one each for dramatic feature, documentary feature, and short. Heartland also introduced the Vision Award for best short film that year. In 2006, the festival introduced "official selection" films in addition to the Crystal Heart Award winners. These films were considered, but did not win a Crystal Heart Award. They are considered worthy of screening at the festival and are eligible for the Audience Choice awards. An award for Best Documentary Feature was also introduced in 2006. In 2013, the festival announced that there would be separate prizes for Best Narrative Short Film and Best Documentary Short Film. Additionally, prizes were added for Best U.S. Premiere in each of four categories (Narrative Feature, Documentary Feature, Narrative Short, and Documentary Short).
Heartland Truly Moving Pictures (the parent company of the Heartland Film Festival) also recognizes theatrically released films throughout the year through "the Truly Moving Picture Award". program. This program is separate from the Heartland Film Festival and only considers films that receive a wide theatrical release in the United States. Truly Moving Picture award winners are often previewed at the Heartland Film Festival as a sidebar if they are available.

</doc>
<doc id="2905654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905654" title="The College of Family Physicians Canada">
The College of Family Physicians Canada

The College of Family Physicians of Canada (CFPC) is a professional association and the legal certifying body for family medicine in Canada. This national organization of family physicians was founded in 1954 and currently numbers over 30,000 members. Members of the CFPC belong to the national College as well as to their provincial chapters. The CFPC uses both English and French.
The CFPC establishes the standards for the training, certification, and lifelong education of family physicians. It accredits postgraduate family medicine training in Canada's medical schools, conducts the certification examination in family medicine, and grants the CCFP and FCFP designations.
The CFPC is governed by members of the executive committee and the board. The current executive director and CEO is Francine Lemire.
In 2013, the CFPC collaborated with the Medical Council of Canada (MCC) to deliver a new certification examination in family medicine. Those who pass the new exam, and who meet all other qualifications of both organizations, are awarded both the Licentiate of the MCC (LMCC; the medical license to practise in Canada) and the certification in family medicine designation (CCFP).
The CFPC runs a program designed to support the continuous professional development of its members called MAINPRO (Maintenance of Proficiency). This program assesses proposed learning modules and seminars against established standards and awards various types and numbers of credits learners can earn by participating in these learning opportunities. Credits are recorded and physicians must meet a standard number and type of credits in order to maintain their CCFP and FCFP designations. 
Each year the CFPC hosts the Family Medicine Forum, a national family medicine conference. The conference offers hundreds of clinical and professional development sessions for family physicians over three days in November. The conference is held at varying host cities and provinces each year. 
The Research and Education Foundation of the CFPC was established to provide funding for honours, awards, scholarships, and grants bestowed by the organization to its members. It is a registered charity with the Government of Canada.
The CFPC is a member of the World Organization of Family Doctors.
The CFPC's official journal is "Canadian Family Physician".
History.
The CFPC was founded in 1954 as the "College of General Practice of Canada" out of a need to ensure family physicians were dedicated to continuing medical education. At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years. The first executive committee and board of representatives consisted of 17 members. In 1964, the college obtained its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="2905662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905662" title="Forest Able">
Forest Able

Forest Edward "Frosty" Able (born July 27, 1932) is a retired American basketball player.
A 6'3" (1.90 m) guard, Able attended Fairdale High School in Louisville before starring at Western Kentucky University in the early 1950s, where he tallied 1,221 career points. Afterwards, he had a brief stint with the Syracuse Nationals, who selected him in the 1956 NBA Draft. Forest is a member of the Western Kentucky University Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2905667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905667" title="Nick Ciola">
Nick Ciola

Nick Ciola (born Dominic Ciola, sometimes called Caesar) is the bass guitarist for the Gear Daddies and (former Gear Daddies frontman) Martin Zellar and the Hardways. He was born and raised in Austin, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="2905668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905668" title="Giovanni Serrapica">
Giovanni Serrapica

Giovanni Serrapica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905672" title="Aivaras Balzekas">
Aivaras Balzekas

Aivaras Balžekas (April 8, 1982 in Šiauliai, Lithuania — October 10, 2005 in Florida, United States) was a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a member of the Lynn University’s tennis team.
Balzekas was a member of Lithuania Davis Cup team and earned a career high ATP singles ranking of World No. 926 in 2002. He had played for one season at Lynn in Boca Raton, Florida had earned several honors and titles, including finishing the 2005 season ranked 11th in American college tennis. This continued a successful career that began at the Auburn University-Montgomery, where he was a member of the 2004 NAIA National Championship Team.
Balzekas died at a Florida hospital where he was taken after being struck by a car. The accident occurred on October 8, 2005. At the time he was helping a friend push a disabled vehicle along the side of a road. A Boca Raton man was sentenced to a year and one day in prison for the death of Aivaras Balzekas. David Walsh pleaded guilty to driving drunk and killing Balzekas.

</doc>
<doc id="2905683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905683" title="Hartbeat Magazine">
Hartbeat Magazine

hartbeat! was a German music publication published from 1984 to 1998 which focused on punk rock, power pop, garage rock, beat music, rock music, and psychedelic music styles. The time period of the music detailed ranged from the 1960s to the late 1990s. The magazine was published in English. The editor was Hans-Jürgen Klitsch, who also wrote two books on the German Beatscene of the 1960s: "Shakin' All Over - Die Beatmusik in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 1963 - 1967" (High Castle 2000; revised 2001) und "Otto & die Beatlejungs - Die Beatszene der 60er Jahre zwischen Oldenburg, Emden und Wilhelmshaven" (Isensee 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="2905684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905684" title="Silvia Hernández Enríquez">
Silvia Hernández Enríquez

Silvia Hernández Enríquez (born 1948) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as Secretary of Tourism from December 1994 to December 1997.
Political career.
Hernández, an active PRI member, has served in different positions within her party. In the early 1990s she was the leader of the PRI's National Confederation of Popular Organizations (CNOP).
She has a long career in the Mexican Congress serving as deputy in the lower house of the Congress and serving in the Mexican Senate three times. In 1994 President Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León appointed her as Secretary of Tourism. In 2002 she served as Chairperson of the Inter-Parliamentary Forum of the Americas.
She has unsuccessfully tried to obtain her party's candidacy to the governorship of Querétaro.

</doc>
<doc id="2905686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905686" title="Atonic">
Atonic

Atonic may refer to:
In music:
In medicine:
In linguistics:

</doc>
<doc id="2905696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905696" title="List of sporting events in Sweden">
List of sporting events in Sweden

This is a list of sporting events in Sweden that are held on an annual basis.

</doc>
<doc id="2905698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905698" title="Antigua and Barbuda general election, 1999">
Antigua and Barbuda general election, 1999

General elections were held in Antigua and Barbuda on 9 March 1999. The elections were won by the governing Antigua Labour Party. Lester Bird was re-elected Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. Voter turnout was 63.6%.
The election was extremely close, with the UPP losing five seats by a narrow 554 votes in total, and had the elections been free and fair (the government controlled almost all newspapers as well as television and radio stations), the opposition could have won a majority. Opposition leader Baldwin Spencer criticised the conduct and fairness of the election and began a hunger strike in protest to the flaws in the system. The government responded by introducing an independent Electoral Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="2905706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905706" title="4th Infantry Division (Romania)">
4th Infantry Division (Romania)

The 4th Infantry Division Gemina is one of three major units of the Romanian Land Forces, with its headquarters in Cluj-Napoca. Until June 15, 2008 it was designated as the 4th Territorial Army Corps "Mareşal Constantin Prezan" ("Corpul 4 Armată Territorial "Mareşal Constantin Prezan"").

</doc>
<doc id="2905707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905707" title="Stricture">
Stricture

Stricture may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2905714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905714" title="Kremlin Cup">
Kremlin Cup

The Kremlin Cup () is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It is currently part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the ATP Tour and is a Premier Tournament on the WTA Tour. It has been held annually at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, since 1990.
The Kremlin Cup was created in 1990 becoming the first international professional tennis tournament to be held in Russia. The tournament started as a men's only event during the first years of its run, before it became a joint event in 1996.
Until 2007, it was held on a carpet surface. It is now held on a RuKortHard surface.

</doc>
<doc id="2905716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905716" title="Victoria Toensing">
Victoria Toensing

Victoria Toensing (born c. 1940) is a lawyer, and partner with her husband, Joseph DiGenova, in the Washington law firm DiGenova and Toensing. Her practice specializes in white-collar criminal defense, regulatory inquiries, and legislative advocacy. She has appeared as a legal commentator on several networks such as CNN, Fox News, and MSNBC
Background.
Toensing graduated from Indiana University in 1962, matriculating in Education. She taught high-school English until she entered law school, earning a J.D. from the University of Detroit School of Law in 1975. 
In 1981, she became Chief Counsel to Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, where she helped draft the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. In 1984, she joined the Reagan administration as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General, where she headed the "Terrorism Unit", the first working group in the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute terrorism-related crimes. 
As part of her work in the Department of Justice (DoJ), she managed the government's legal efforts during the terrorist hijacking of TWA Flight 847, the bombing of Pan Am flight 103, and the takeover of the cruise ship Achille Lauro. She also supervised S&L fraud cases, prosecuted nuclear industry regulation cases, securities fraud, and fraud and bribery in the banking industry.
Involvement in Monica Lewinsky Scandal.
Emily Bazelon of "Slate.com" has called Toensing "a blanketer of the airwaves about the tawdriness of the Lewinsky affair." Toensing and her husband made regular appearances on television claiming that they were the target of investigations by Clinton Administration.
Involvement in Valerie Plame Scandal.
Toensing was retained by media organizations to comment on the Plame Affair. In March 2005 Toensing submitted an amicus curiae brief on behalf of Matt Cooper and Judith Miller, two journalists who were subpoenaed in the Valerie Plame investigation for refusing to reveal information obtained from confidential sources. 
In the brief, she "argued that the law couldn't have been broken when Valerie Plame's cover as a CIA agent was blown because her status wasn't really covert." She also contended that Ms. Plame didn't have a cover to blow, citing a July 23, 2004 article in the Washington Times which argued that Valerie Plame's status as an undercover CIA agent may have been known to Russian and Cuban intelligence operations prior to the article (by Robert Novak) that revealed her status as a CIA employee.
Electoral politics.
Toensing supported former Tennessee Senator Fred Thompson in the 2008 presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="2905720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905720" title="Penylan">
Penylan

Penylan is a district in the east of Cardiff, the capital city of Wales, known for its Edwardian era period houses and spacious tree lined roads and avenues.
Situated to both the north and south of the A48 dual carriageway, it is one of the most affluent districts of Cardiff, although subdivision of the large Victorian period properties is starting to occur in the areas at the south end of the ward, mimicking the trend in neighbouring Plasnewydd.
Penylan (English: "High Church") has a number of large parks, including the southern part of Roath Park, and is one of the greenest areas in Cardiff. It is also known for its very strong sense of community, largely due to the parks, road layouts, churches, and local post offices and newsagents. It is served by Penylan Library.
Penylan Synagogue was opened in 1955, and closed in 2003 when a new synagogue had been built in nearby Cyncoed Gardens. Despite this, Penylan retains the largest Jewish population of Cardiff, which although well down on its heyday, numbers about 350 (just over 35% of the population) out of approximately 1000 in the entire city.
Governance.
The electoral ward of Penylan falls within the parliamentary constituency of Cardiff Central. It is bounded by the wards of Cyncoed to the northeast; Pentwyn to the north; Llanrumney to the northeast; Rumney to the east; Splott to the southeast; Adamsdown to the south; and Plasnewydd to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="2905724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905724" title="ASJ">
ASJ

ASJ may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2905728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905728" title="Bishopsgate Library">
Bishopsgate Library

Bishopsgate Library is an independent, charity-funded library located within the Bishopsgate Institute in the City of London.
Description.
The library's particular strengths include printed and archive material on London, freethought and the labour movement, developed by Charles Goss, librarian from 1897 to 1941. The London Collection includes books, directories, maps and visual material relating especially to the East End of London.
The George Howell Collection is an important library of books and pamphlets covering many of the political and economic issues of the late 19th century, including early trade union reports. Howell's own correspondence and papers form part of this collection. The library also holds the archives of the London Co-operative Society.
Archives of other individuals include George Jacob Holyoake (1817–1906), secularist and early Co-operative Movement activist; Charles Bradlaugh (1833–1891), politician and founder of the National Secular Society; and the cultural historian and local resident Raphael Samuel (1934–1996).
The archive at the Bishopsgate Library holds over 20,000 images in three collections: The LAMAS Glass Slide Collection, the London Co-operative Society and the London Collection Digital Photographs. They have recently shared some of their images from London & Middlesex Archaeological Society (LAMAS) in 1977 on Historypin. This collection contains images of many of London’s landmarks including churches, statues, open spaces and buildings, as well as images showing social and cultural scenes from the early 20th century.
London history.
Bishopsgate Library holds collections relating to the social and cultural history of London. These include the archive collections of individuals, such as historian Raphael Samuel, police officer Frederick Wensley or Lord Mayor Sir Ralph Perring, and organisations, such as the London History Workshop or the Eton Manor Boys' Club.
The Library also holds a collection of around 50,000 books, pamphlets, illustrations, photographs and maps covering the social and cultural history of London, with particular reference to Bishopsgate and Spitalfields. The London Collection also holds an extensive collection of press cuttings concerning the area around the Institute dating from 1740 and one of the country's finest collections of London guidebooks and trade directories.
Information on the Institute's own history is detailed within the Bishopsgate Institute archive, along with the archives of prominent individuals connected to the organisation, including social reformer William Rogers, librarian Charles Goss and architect Charles Harrison Townsend.
Labour and socialist history.
Bishopsgate Library's collections on labour and socialist history include the archives of politicians and activists such as Jack Gaster, Noreen Branson, Aubrey Bowman and Bernie Grant, as well as organisations such as the Evening Standard Outside Chapel and the National Miners' Support Network.
The Labour and Socialist History collections also include the library and archive of politician and trade unionist George Howell (1833–1910).
Freethought and humanism.
Bishopsgate Library holds the most unique collection of archives and printed materials relating to the history of freethought and humanism in the UK. This includes the archives and libraries of two of the Victorian era's most prominent thinkers on freethought and secularism, Charles Bradlaugh and George Jacob Holyoake.
The Library also documents the history, activities and campaigns of the movement from the late nineteenth century to the present day through the extensive archives of the British Humanist Association, Rationalist Association and the Gay and Lesbian Humanist Association.
Co-operation.
Bishopsgate Library has extensive collections documenting the history and activities of the co-operative movement in London, Essex and the South East, including the archives of individual activists such as Robert Marshall and Caroline Ganley, and organisations such as the London Co-operative Society and the Women's Co-operative Guild.
The Co-operative Movement Collection includes a wide range of books, pamphlets, reports and journals concerning the history of the movement, alongside material produced by a wide variety of organisations, such as the Co-operative Party, International Co-operative Alliance and Women's Co-operative Guild.
Protest and campaigning.
Collections relating to the history of protest and campaigning includes the archives of individual activists such as Mavis Middleton and Peter Hunot, and organisations such as the Stop the War Coalition, Freedom Press and Republic.
The Library's archives and printed material also cover a wide variety of topics including republicanism, pacifism, the anti-nuclear movement, colonial freedom movements, anarchism, animal rights and conscientious objection. Since 2011 the Lesbian and Gay Newsmedia Archive (LAGNA), part of the Hall–Carpenter Archives has been based here.

</doc>
<doc id="2905732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905732" title="Camless">
Camless

Most four-stroke piston engines today employ one or more camshafts to operate poppet valves. The lobes on the camshafts operate cam followers which in turn open the poppet valves. A camless (or, free valve engine) uses electromagnetic, hydraulic, or pneumatic actuators to open the poppet valves instead. Actuators can be used to both open and close the valves, or an actuator opens the valve while a spring closes it.
As a camshaft normally has only one lobe per valve, the valve duration and lift is fixed. The camshaft runs at half the engine speed. Although many modern engines use camshaft phasing, adjusting the lift and valve duration in a working engine is more difficult. Some manufacturers use systems with more than one cam lobe, but this is still a compromise as only a few profiles can be in operation at once. This is not the case with the camless engine, where lift and valve timing can be adjusted freely from valve to valve and from cycle to cycle. It also allows multiple lift events per cycle and, indeed, no events per cycle—switching off the cylinder entirely.
Camless development.
Camless engines are not without their problems though. Common problems include high power consumption, accuracy at high speed, temperature sensitivity, weight and packaging issues, high noise, high cost, and unsafe operation in case of electrical problems.
Camless valve trains have long been investigated by several companies, including Renault, BMW, Fiat, Valeo, General Motors, Ricardo, Lotus Engineering, Ford, Koenigsegg, and Cargine. Camless systems are commercially available, although not in production road vehicle engines.
Camless engines in production.
MAN B&W Diesel are producing ship engines which make use of electrohydraulic valve control rather than camshafts, rocker arms and pushrods. The advantages of the engine the camless system gives are comprehensive:
The Swedish company Cargine are developing a camless system and have successfully implemented the system on an existing SAAB car engine.

</doc>
<doc id="2905734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905734" title="Pyuria">
Pyuria

In medicine, pyuria is the condition of urine containing pus. Defined as the presence of 6-10 or more neutrophils per high power field of unspun, voided mid-stream urine. It can be a sign of a bacterial urinary tract infection. Pyuria may be present in the septic patient, or in an older patient with pneumonia.
Sterile pyuria is urine which contains white blood cells while appearing sterile by standard culturing techniques. Sterile pyuria is listed as a side effect from some medications such as paracetamol (acetaminophen). Its occurrence is also associated with certain disease processes, such as Kawasaki Disease and renal tuberculosis. However, there are many known causes, including systemic or infectious disease, structural and physiological reasons, intrinsic renal pathology, or drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="2905738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905738" title="Sylvia Olden Lee">
Sylvia Olden Lee

Sylvia Olden Lee (29 June 1917 – 10 April 2004) was a renowned vocal coach and accompanist, and the first African-American to be employed by the Metropolitan Opera. She was a master of all aspects of European classical music as well as the Negro Spiritual.
Lee was born into the very musical Olden family in Meridian, Mississippi. Her father, James Clarence Olden, was a member of the Fisk Quartet, which included Roland Hayes. She studied piano and organ at Howard University and Oberlin Conservatory. 
Among the highlights of her career:
Olden Lee taught at a number of universities, including the Curtis Institute of Music.
Her brother was the prominent African-American graphic designer Georg Olden.

</doc>
<doc id="2905745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905745" title="Kya Kehna">
Kya Kehna

Kya Kehna (; ) is 2000 Bollywood film starring Saif Ali Khan, Preity Zinta, Chandrachur Singh, Anupam Kher and Farida Jalal. It was directed by Kundan Shah and premiered on 19 May 2000.
The film was a hit and established Zinta's career as an actress. The film dealt with the taboo issue of pre-marital pregnancy and the views of society. 
Plot.
The story is about Priya Bakshi (Preity Zinta), the daughter of Gulshan (Anupam Kher) and Rohini Bakshi (Farida Jalal). Priya has her parents, brothers and best friend, Ajay (Chandrachur Singh) who all love and support her. She enters her first year in college and catches the eye of Rahul (Saif Ali Khan) who quickly becomes attracted to her. She succumbs to his charm but her brothers and parents are not sure about Rahul. His womanizing nature worries them and they tell her to stay away from him. However, Priya is unable to leave Rahul. She convinces her parents to meet him but when they talk about marriage he backs off and he leaves Priya. Priya is devastated but moves on with her life. In one sweep she learns that she is pregnant with Rahul's child. Her parents go to Rahul to talk about marriage but to their shock he refuses to marry her. Priya is faced with a decision, and she chooses to keep the child. Her decision prompts her father to chuck her out the house. Alone and neglected Priya is devastated, but her parents and brothers find it hard to live without her and they bring her home. She now has to face society and try to overcome the disdain of her neighbors, among others. Society virtually ostracizes her and her family. She eventually gains the support of those who had earlier disrespected her. At the same time she manages to change Rahul's views as well and he decides to marry her. However, Priya has already given her heart to Ajay and they get married.
Music.
The soundtrack of the film contains 8 songs. The music is conducted by the award-winning composer Rajesh Roshan, with lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
Reception.
Vinayak Chakravorty of "Hindustan Times" gave the film 3 out of 5 stars, writing, "The basic premise of Kya Kehna!, then, definitely had the potential of being a gripping family entertainer. Unfortunately, somewhere down the line you feel as if most people associated with the film somehow lost interest." He noted, however, Preity Zinta as "the bright spot of the film". Aradhika Sekhon of "The Tribune" wrote, "The movie itself has several flaws but the issues that it tackles are real. The director takes a straight, hard look at the problems of today and holds them up for exhibition. The Indian tendency is to sweep uncomfortable issues under the carpet but if films like Kya Kehna continue to be made, at least, we'll be forced to confront them." Mimmy Jain of "The Indian Express", in a positive review, commeded Shah for making "a sensitive film, on a sensitive subject", calling "Kya Kehna" "a film that should have been made years ago". She further noted Zinta as being "dazzlingly good" in her part.
Sharmila Taliculam from Rediff.com was critical of the film, concluding, "Apart from the climax, the film is no big deal."

</doc>
<doc id="2905748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905748" title="Robert S. Hughes">
Robert S. Hughes

Robert S. Hughes (died 1900) was the third president of Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works. Before becoming president when Jacob S. Rogers resigned in 1893, he served as the company's treasurer. When Hughes took the reins at Rogers he led the company through a reorganization to emerge as Rogers Locomotive Company; Hughes remained the company president until his death in 1900.
The 1859 directory of Paterson, New Jersey, lists Hughes as a bookkepper living in a single house at 28 Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="2905751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905751" title="Thomas William Hogarth">
Thomas William Hogarth

__NOTOC__
Thomas William Hogarth (Kelso, 6 April 1901 – 26 January 1999) was a Scottish, later Australian, veterinarian, writer on dogs, dog judge, dog breeder, genetics enthusiast and veterinary surgeon. He was an author of several books published in the 1930s about the Bull Terrier and breeding of Bull Terriers.
Hogarth was born in Kelso on the borders of Scotland, on 6 April 1901. He attended Kelso High School and Giggleswick School. After the First World War he traveled to and worked in Canada. He bred Bull Terriers in the early 1920s in Scotland using the kennel name "Galalaw".
Hogarth traveled extensively in the late 1920s and early 1930s as a dog judge; specially in 1929 judged in South Africa, India, Ceylon, Burma, and Australia. 
When in Perth, Western Australia he also made comments related to the public debate about the Alsatian question 
He also judged dogs in Argentina in the early 1930s. He attended Ontario Veterinary College, University of Toronto (now University of Guelph) in the 1930s, and he graduated in 1937. While he was studying he published four books relating to Bull Terriers in the 1930s, as well as one book on recollections of his dog judging travels, and possibly the only book of verse about Bull Terriers.
Hogarth settled in and practiced as a Veterinary Surgeon at Swanbourne Veterinary Hospital (now known as Swanbourne Veterinary Centre), in Perth, Western Australia 1940s to the 1960s.
The main customers were dog and cat owners, but he did have the opportunity to deal with the occasional circus animal from visiting circuses. He was involved with early stages of the Guide Dogs for the Blind, Dogs Refuge Home, Western Australian Veterinary Surgeons Board and was patron of the Fremantle Ladies Pipe Band.
In the 1970s and 1980s he was one of a group of West Australian book collectors who were well known on the antiquarian book sale and auction circuit in Perth.
On retirement he lived in Darlington, Western Australia. He occasionally judged at dog shows in his 70's. With his wife, he bred Old English Game fowl and kept a range of dogs - but never a bull terrier. He died in Perth, Western Australia on Australia Day, 26 January 1999. His wife, son and three grandchildren survived him.
1929 Dog Judging and Travel.
These are correlated to some of the text - "Travels of a Dog Judge".

</doc>
<doc id="2905758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905758" title="Let's Go Scare Al">
Let's Go Scare Al

"Let's Go Scare Al" was the first album recorded by the Austin, Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. The album was released in 1988 on the Gark record label, and re-released in 1989 on Polygram Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2905763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905763" title="Neapolitan ragù">
Neapolitan ragù

Neapolitan ragù ("ragù napoletano" or "ragù alla napoletana" in Italian, "rraù" in Neapolitan) is one of the two most famous varieties of meat sauces called ragù. (The other one is the Bolognese sauce.) It is a speciality of Naples, as its name indicates.
The Neapolitan type is made from three main parts: a soffritto, meat, and tomato sauce. However, a major difference is how the meat is used, as well as the amount of tomato in the sauce. Bolognese versions use very finely chopped meat, while Neapolitan versions use whole meat, taking it from the casserole when cooked and serving it as a second course or with pasta. Also, the Neapolitan soffritto contains much more onion compared to the Bolognese. Preferences for ingredients also differ. In Naples, white wine is replaced by red wine, butter by lard or olive oil, and lots of basil leaves are used where Bolognese ragù has no herbs. In the Neapolitan recipe, the content may well be enriched by adding raisins, pine nuts, and involtini with different fillings. Milk or cream is not used, and a relative abundance of tomato sauce in flavour, in contrast to Bolognese use of a minimal amount, is preferred. The tomato season is, of course, much longer in more southern Naples than in more northern Bologna. Like the Bolognese, Neapolitan ragù also has quite a wide range of variants, the most well-known of which is "ragù guardaporta" (doorman's ragù).
Neapolitan ragù is very similar to and may be ancestral to the Italian-American "Sunday gravy", the primary difference being the addition of a greater variety of meat in the American version, most famously meatballs (whence spaghetti and meatballs), braciole, sausage, and pork chops. There is great variety in the Sunday meat sauce that is passed down from generation to generation in Italian-American families. Some families brown the meatballs and other meat cuts before putting them into the sauce, others do not. Some add red wine, others do not.

</doc>
<doc id="2905770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905770" title="Kurdistan Islamic Group">
Kurdistan Islamic Group

Kurdistan Islamic Group (colloquially referred to as Komal or Komala; Kurdish: كؤمةلَي ئيسلامي لة كوردستان/ عيراق Kurdish: "Komala Islami le Kurdistan/Iraq") is an Islamist movement in Iraqi Kurdistan. It practices the method of “ Sunnah and Jamaa’h” Established by Ali Bapir in May 2001. Bapir is a former member of the Islamic Movement of Kurdistan. The group reportedly receives funding from the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan.
Activities.
It has been linked to the terrorist group Ansar al-Islam, but released a statement on 11 October 2004 in Islamic Group of Kurdistan denying that any such links existed. Bapir was interviewed in January 2003. He said: 
" Our policy is that we enter into fraternity and cooperation with all Islamic groups. We seek such fraternal relations with Islamic parties and organizations, Islamist figures, and groups that follow a Salafi tradition or a Sufi or a scientific tradition. In the Komala Islami, we believe that the group must be open-minded and seek fraternity with all those who call or act for Islam. If we see a mistake, we will try to correct it through dialogue and by creating a fraternal atmosphere."
Elections.
In the Iraqi legislative election of January 2005, it decided to run independently from the main Kurdish coalition. It received over 60,000 votes (about 0.7%) and two seats in the transitional National Assembly of Iraq. After the elections, the party agreed to join the Kurdish alliance's National Assembly caucus.
At the same time, it won 85,237 votes and 6 Kurdish National Assembly seats in the Kurdistan election on the same day. In the Local elections, that day they won 18,781 votes (2.9%) and 1 seat (out of 41) in Hawler as well as 53,088 votes (7.3%) and 3 (out of 41) seats in Silemani.
In the Iraqi legislative election of December 2005 they decided to join the Kurdish coalition and were allocated one seat.
In the Iraqi Kurdistan legislative election, 2009 they formed a coalition with the Kurdistan Islamic Union, Kurdistan Socialist Democratic Party and the Future Party, called the Service and Reform List. The list came third in the election winning 240,842 votes (12.8%) and 13 (out of 111) seats.
In the Iraqi legislative election, 2010 they formed their own independent list. They received 152,530 votes (1.32%) and 2 seats (one in Hawler and one in Silemani)
One of the senior members of the Komal, Dilshad Garmiyani, called on supporters to boycott the Iraqi Kurdistan parliamentary election, 2013, saying that ""nowhere in the Koran or the words of Prophet Muhammad are elections mentioned"" 

</doc>
<doc id="2905793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905793" title="Billy's Live Bait">
Billy's Live Bait

"Billy's Live Bait" was the second album recorded by Austin, Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. It was their first release for a major label.
Track listing.
Trivia: the bait shop attendant on the cover is Martin Zellar's brother, writer Brad Zellar.

</doc>
<doc id="2905796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905796" title="Rock horned lizard">
Rock horned lizard

The rock horned lizard or Ditmars' horned lizard (Phrynosoma ditmarsi) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard found in Sonora in northern Mexico, south of the Arizona border. Bearing the shortest horns of all the horned lizards, it lives in thorn-scrub and deciduous Sinaloan woodlands. The Rock horned lizard was "lost" to science for about 65 years. It has a unique habitat preference and limited distribution. It also has a very imprecise holotype locality record which made it difficult to locate. An extraordinary effort by Vincent Roth based on a cross-correlational analysis of gut contents from only three specimens led to its rediscovery.
Its specific name, "ditmarsi", is in honor of Raymond Lee Ditmars, the first curator of reptiles of the Bronx Zoo, and a pioneer in herpetology.
Description.
The rock horned lizard has its occipital and temporal horns reduced to flaring expansions. It has a deep and narrow occipital notch and a high postorbital ridge. The mandibles of "Phrynosoma ditmarsi" feature a large vertical expansion. It has a bare tympanum in the anterior neck fold posterior to a vertical row of four spines.
One row of the rock horned lizard's lateral abdominal fringe scales is surrounded by prominent scales.

</doc>
<doc id="2905800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905800" title="Aviation in Singapore">
Aviation in Singapore

Aviation in Singapore is a key component of the Singaporean economy in its quest to be a transport hub of the Asian region. Besides currently the sixth busiest airport and the fourth busiest air cargo hub in Asia, the Singaporean aviation industry is also a significant aerospace maintenance, repair and overhaul centre.
The aviation industry is a significant contributor to the Singapore economy. In 2009, it contributed S$14.2 billion (5.4%) in direct and in-direct value-add to the Singaporean GDP. This included S$8.7 billion of direct contribution from the sector, S$3.1 billion through indirect contributions from the sector's supply chain and S$2.4 billion from consumer spending by employees of the aviation sector and its supply chain. 58,000 direct jobs were available in the industry, rising to 119,000 jobs if the entire supply chain is included. Out of the 58,000 direct jobs, aerospace manufacturing companies employed approximately 18,000 people, airline companies employed 15,000, while 24,000 worked in the airports and ground service companies. The sector also directly contributed S$1.5 billion in taxes in 2009.
Airlines registered in Singapore were also major contributors to the economy, employing over 15,000 in Singapore and providing a further 11,000 jobs in the supply chain in 2009. Overall, these airlines contribute over S$5.5 billion to the economy and supported 34,000 jobs in Singapore.
History.
In 1937, the Wearne Brothers launched the first commercial air service between Singapore and Malaya. It was called Wearne Air Services. On 28 June 1937, a de Havilland Dragon Rapide aircraft, the Governor Raffles, took off from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur and Penang. It was the inaugural commercial air service between these three cities by Wearnes Air Services. The WAS services ceased with the onset of World War II Japanese occupation of Malaya and Singapore. After the war, the air service was not continued.
Malayan Airways Limited (MAL) was established on 1 May 1947, by the Ocean Steamship Company of Liverpool, the Straits Steamship Company of Singapore and Imperial Airways. The airline's first flight was a chartered flight from the British Straits Settlement of Singapore to Kuala Lumpur on 2 April 1947 using an Airspeed Consul twin-engined airplane. Regular weekly scheduled flights quickly followed from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur, Ipoh and Penang from 1 May 1947 with the same aircraft type. The airline continued to expand during the rest of the 1940s and 1950s, as other British Commonwealth airlines (such as BOAC and Qantas Empire Airways) provided technical assistance, as well as assistance in joining IATA. By 1955, Malayan Airways' fleet had grown to include a large number of Douglas DC-3s, and went public in 1957. Other aircraft operated in the first two decades included the Douglas DC-4 Skymaster, the Vickers Viscount, the Lockheed 1049 Super Constellation, the Bristol Britannia, the de Havilland Comet 4 and the Fokker F27. In 1957, the airline became a state-run stock corporation.
When Malaya, Singapore, Sabah and Sarawak formed the Federation of Malaysia in 1963, the airline's name was changed, from "Malayan Airways" to "Malaysian Airways". MAL also took over Borneo Airways. In 1966, following Singapore's separation from the federation, the airline's name was changed again, to Malaysia-Singapore Airlines (MSA). The next year saw a rapid expansion in the airline's fleet and route, including the purchase of MSA's first Boeing aircraft, the Boeing 707s, as well the completion of a new high-rise headquarters in Singapore. Boeing 737s were added to the fleet soon after.
MSA ceased operations in 1972, when political disagreements between Singapore and Malaysia resulted in the formation of two entities: Singapore Airlines and Malaysian Airlines System. Singapore Airlines kept all 10 of MSA's Boeing 707s and 737s, retained the international routes out of Singapore as well as the existing corporate headquarters in the city, with J.Y. Pillay, former joint chief of MSA as its first chairperson. Female flight attendants continued to wear the sarong kebaya uniform, which had been first introduced in 1968. A local start-up advertising company, Batey Ads, was given the right to market the airline, eventually selecting the sarong and kebaya-clad air stewardesses as an icon for the airline and calling them Singapore Girls.
Market.
As a result of an almost non-existent domestic market, Singapore has to place immediate emphasise on opening up the international market for its own airlines, as well as to allow foreign airlines to establish operations there. Singapore has Air Services Agreements with over 90 countries and territories, and has the most liberal aviation policy in Southeast Asia It has been an active advocate of open skies, and has concluded over 30 Open Skies Agreements, 18 of which are in the European Union, two in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, five out of six members of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf, two in the Union of South American Nations and four members of the Pacific Islands Forum.
In June 2006, it became the first Asian country to conclude a “horizontal” aviation agreement with the European Union. On 2 October 2007, Singapore became the second country to be allowed cabotage rights within the United Kingdom in a fully liberal aviation agreement. Singapore was also the first Asian country to conclude an Open Skies Agreement with the United States in 1997, and has significant liberal agreements with the United Arab Emirates.
Air service rights between Singapore-based carriers are allocated by the Air Traffic Rights Committee, established on 3 October 2003 in reaction to the awarding of multiple Air Operators Certificates in Singapore. The ATRC allocates air rights with a five-year validity. Unutilised rights for periods exceeding six months rights awarded but subsequently unable to meet pre-determined performance criteria will be returned to the pool for reallocation. Incumbent Singapore Airlines and its subsidiary airlines were allowed to retain all of their existing rights up to 2013, after which they will also carry a five-year validity and be subjected to the "use-it-or-lose-it" principle.
Open skies agreements.
Singapore has attempted to conclude an open skies agreement with Australia since 1996, but was met with numerous obstacles. There are similar hurdles trying to conclude OSAs with other countries such as Indonesia and the Philippines, mostly due to protectionist stances and a fear that it will not be a balanced agreement.
Air service agreements.
"Figures in brackets refer to maximum frequencies per week."
There was much difficulties in attempts to open up the Singapore-Malaysia sector, until 2008.
Low-cost travel.
Partly in response from competition from AirAsia based in neighbouring Malaysia, Singapore-based low-cost airlines only began to operate from the year 2004 when Valuair launched its maiden flight on 5 May 2004. In rapid succession, two of the largest airlines operating out of Singapore Changi Airport began operating their competing carriers, namely Singapore Airlines' Tiger Airways and Qantas' Jetstar Asia Airways, who began commercial flights on 15 September 2004 and 25 November 2004 respectively. A planned Singapore-affiliated airline by AirAsia was scuttled when it failed to obtain an air operator's certificate from the Singaporean authorities, possibly in retaliation to the Indonesian ban on all new low-cost flights into the country by non-Indonesian carriers.
The physical size of Singapore meant practically all low-cost air routes have to be international in nature, imposing greater risks on the airlines with the greater dependence on aviation negotiations between Singapore and its markets. With relatively limited air rights on offer in the Southeast Asian region, the three airlines had to contend with flying to a select number of destinations where air rights are available, resulting in intense, direct competition on specific routes. The Singapore-Bangkok sector, for example, saw all three Singapore-based carriers, as well as AirAsia flying the route prior to market consolidation. The airlines were able to take advantage of subsequent liberation of air rights between Singapore, Brunei and Thailand in late 2004, although key destinations such as Kuala Lumpur remain closed to all low-cost airlines.
With soaring fuel prices, limited markets, and the impact from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, the low-cost aviation industry went into a consolidation phase, with Valuair, the only low-cost airline without a major stakeholder, becoming the first casualty when it was merged with Jetstar Asia Airways on 24 July 2005. The airline was still operated like a separate airline, however, due to regulatory restrictions on its flights to Indonesia, where Jetstar Asia had no access after the Indonesian ban.
The fiscal fortunes of the two remaining players began to diverge, however, when it became apparent that Jetstar Asia was struggling, while Tiger Airways was doing relatively well.
Keen interest by low-cost carriers to serve the highly protected Singapore-Kuala Lumpur market was one of the primary reasons in bringing forward a partial liberation of the route despite possible business impact particular on Malaysia Airlines. Both countries inked an agreement on 23 November 2007 to allow up to two flights a day for low-cost carriers from each country from 1 February 2008. The route will be fully liberalised on 1 December 2008, with a possibility of opening up other routes between Singapore and secondary Malaysian cities in planned meetings in early 2008.
Corporate aviation.
Based out of Seletar Airport (WSSL), Singapore provides the South East Asian hub for corporate aircraft sales and servicing. Although presently limited by runway length for operations of ultra-long range aircraft, Seletar offers corporate aircraft owners limited access to Singapore and to manufacturer approved service centres, such as Jet Aviation (for Gulfstream Aerospace, Bombardier and Cessna) and Hawker Pacific (Hawker Beechcraft and Dassault Falcon). Seletar airport is open 24 hours a day.
Seletar is also the home base for several smaller charter aircraft operations serving regional corporate travel and aeromedical evacuations as well as charter brokers such as Singapore Aviation and aviation consultancies specialising in regional aircraft ownership and operation Asian Corporate Aviation Management Asia Corporate Jet. 
Airport security.
Security for the country's two international passenger airports, comes under the purview of the Airport Police Division of the Singapore Police Force, although resources are concentrated at Singapore Changi Airport where scheduled passenger traffic dominate. Seletar Airport, which specializes in handling non-scheduled and training flights, is seen as posing less of a security issue. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, and the naming of Changi Airport as a terrorism target by the Jemaah Islamiyah, the airport's security has been stepped up. Roving patrol teams composed of two soldiers and a police officer armed with machine guns patrol the terminals at random.
Assisting the state organizations, are the security services provided by the ground handlers, namely that of the Singapore Airport Terminal Services's SATS Security Services, and the Aetos Security Management Private Limited, formed from a merger of the Changi International Airport Services's airport security unit and that of other companies to become a single island-wide auxiliary police company. These officers man check-in counters to screen luggage, control movements into restricted areas, and so forth.
Since 2005, an upgrade in screening technology and rising security concerns led to all luggage-screening processes to be conducted behind closed-doors. Plans are also in place to install over 400 cameras around the airport to monitor passenger activity around the clock and to check on suspicious parcels and activity to prevent bomb attacks similar to the 2005 Songkhla bombings in Southern Thailand where Hat Yai International Airport was targeted. Tenders to incorporate such a system was called in late September 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2905805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905805" title="QS/1 Data Systems">
QS/1 Data Systems

QS/1 is a division of the J M Smith Corporation, a company founded in 1944 with revenue of over $US 2 billion and based in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
In 1977, the company recognized health care professionals' need for software and hardware packages designed to help provide more efficient and effective care for customers and pharmacy patients. QS/1's first system was the QS/1 Pharmacy System, known as RxCare Plus, and was designed for the independent pharmacy market. QS/1's latest system, known as NRx, has added a more "Windows-like" GUI interface to the RxCare Plus system, continuing to develop easier methods of processing prescriptions. 
Today, QS/1 provides products, services, and support to a variety of health care providers with a primary focus on providing the industry's best software for managing independent retail, long-term care and outpatient pharmacies, as well as Home Medical Equipment (HME) and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. Their employees develop software and train and support their customers through their broad network of North American field offices.
Also, QS/1 Government Solutions group provides software and services for state and local governments, law enforcement departments, judicial offices, municipal utilities, and other offices.
QS/1 Data Systems is also home to PowerLine, which provides insurance claim switching services through redundant data centers and networks for transmission to insurance companies. These redundant networks and data centers support prescription, electronic prescription and credit card transmissions. All traffic to these networks are encrypted between the pharmacy and the insurance company and supports the HIPAA privacy regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="2905806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905806" title="Gordon Bell (QNX)">
Gordon Bell (QNX)

Gordon Bell is the co-creator of the QNX Realtime Operating System (with Dan Dodge). They began the project while students at the University of Waterloo in 1980. After moving to Kanata, Ontario, (a high-tech area outside Ottawa) to start Quantum Software Systems (later renamed QNX Software Systems to avoid confusion with a hard drive manufacturer), the first commercial version of QNX was released for the Intel 8088 CPU in 1982.
In 2002 Dodge and Bell were acclaimed as Heroes of Manufacturing by "Fortune" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2905810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905810" title="Caspar Stoll">
Caspar Stoll

Caspar Stoll (Hesse-Kassel, probably between 1725 and 1730 - Amsterdam, December 1791) was either a clerk or a porter at the Admiralty of Amsterdam. He is best known for the publication of most of the descriptions and plates of "De Uitlandsche Kapellen", a work on butterflies, started by Pieter Cramer. He also published several works of his own on other insect groups. Stoll's 1787 publication on stick insects, mantids and their relatives is also well known. It was translated into French in 1813. 
Life.
Caspar Stoll was born in Hesse-Kassel but lived most of his life in The Hague and Amsterdam. In 1746, he and his brother Georg Daniel both lived in The Hague. It looks like Caspar worked for a notary: several times he put his signature as a witness. His first wife was Maria Sardijn. Her brother was a tax collector and a notary. On 18 January 1761, they married in a church in Scheveningen. They had four children baptized in The Hague. The godfather of the two boys was twice William V of Orange-Nassau and once baron Rengers. Before 1769 Stoll moved to Amsterdam. The couple lived on Haarlemmerdijk near Prinsengracht in a house he finally bought in 1778, and close to Jan Christiaan Sepp, who published some of his works. In Amsterdam, again four children were born. In 1772 two children died within a few months.
After the death of his first wife, in June 1786, he married Anna Elizabeth Kaal, originally from Hamburg. Her brothers lived in the area nearby. They married with a settlement on 21 October 1791, after having a baby, born a few months before. Stoll was working hard to finish his handwritten copies. On 22 December 1791, Stoll had made up his will. Before the end of the year he died. On 2 January 1792, Stoll was buried in the Noorderkerk in the morning. With Anna Elizabeth he had another child, a son, born after his death. Precisely a year after his death, Anna Elizabeth, a member of the Lutheran church, married A.R. van Weylik, a burgomaster of Edam.
Stoll became involved with Pieter Cramer's "De Uitlandsche Kapellen" before 1774. He took over the entire work after the death of Cramer, on 26 September 1776. The first four volumes were finished in 1782 but Stoll kept working, at a much slower pace, caused by the lack of new material as he himself explained, on the supplement ("Aanhangsel"), which was finally finished in 1791. Stoll mentioned that all the butterflies were collected in the Dutch colonies, like Surinam, Ceylon, Java, Ambon and Sierra Leone. The work was completed ""without losing sight of the all-powerful hand of the Creator"". In the 18th century this was a sort of automatism, to safeguard a book from being banned or burned. 
While working on the supplement, he also worked on other insect groups, of which he was able to publish a volume on cicadas, one on heteroptera and finally a volume on mantids and related insects: "Natuurlyke en naar 't leeven naauwkeurig gekleurde afbeeldingen en beschryvingen der spooken etc.".
On the title page of this and other works, Stoll mentioned he was a member of the ""Natuuronderzoekend Genoodschap te Halle"". 
Works.
"De Uitlandsche Kapellen" is a key work in the history of entomology. Accurately illustrated with hand-coloured engravings this was the first book on exotic Lepidoptera to use the new system by Carl Linnaeus for naming and classifying animals. Over 1,658 butterfly species are described, many named and illustrated for the first time. Gerrit Wartenaar is identified as the painter. The original paintings are in the Natural History Museum, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2905821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905821" title="1978 CFL season">
1978 CFL season

The 1978 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 25th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 21st Canadian Football League season.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Edmonton Eskimos are the 1978 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Montreal Alouettes, 20–13, at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. This was the fourth championship meeting between Edmonton and Montreal within the last six years. The Eskimos' Tom Wilkinson (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Dave "Dr. Death" Fennell (DT) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. While Angelo Santucci (RB) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2905823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905823" title="Packaging gas">
Packaging gas

A packaging gas used to pack sensitive materials like food into a modified atmosphere environment. The gas used is usually inert, or of a nature that protects the integrity of the packaged goods, inhibiting unwanted chemical reactions such as food spoilage or oxidation. Some may also serve as a propellant for aerosol sprays like cans of whipped cream. For packaging food, the use of various gases is approved by regulatory organisations. Their E numbers are included in the following lists in parentheses:
Inert gases.
These gas types do not effect a chemical change to the substance which they protect.
Propellant gases.
Specific kinds of packaging gases are aerosol propellants. These process and assist the ejection of the product from its container.
Reactive gases.
These must be used with caution as they may have adverse effects when exposed to certain chemicals. They will cause oxidisation or contamination to certain types of materials.
Volatile gases.
Hydrocarbon gases approved for use with food need to be used with extreme caution as they are highly combustible, when combined with oxygen they burn very rapidly and may cause explosions in confined spaces. Special precautions must be taken when transporting these gases.

</doc>
<doc id="2905825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905825" title="Are you there, Moriarty?">
Are you there, Moriarty?

Are you there Moriarty? is a parlour game in which two players at a time participate in a duel of sorts. Each player is blindfolded and given a rolled up newspaper (or anything that comes handy and is not likely to injure) to use as a weapon. The players then lie on their fronts head to head with about three feet (one metre) of space between them - or in other versions hold outstretched hands, or stand holding hands as in a handshake. The starting player says "Are you there Moriarty?". The other player, when ready, says "Yes". At this point the start player attempts to hit the other player with his newspaper by swinging it over his head. The other player then attempts to hit the starting player with his newspaper. The first player to be hit is eliminated from the game and another player takes his place. The objective of the game is to remain in the game as long as possible.
There is a small amount of strategy to the game. In order to avoid being hit, each player may roll to one side or the other. The decision of which direction to roll, or whether to roll at all often determines whether the player is hit by his opponent. A player who can quickly roll out of the way after speaking or striking will have a definite advantage in the game. However, like most parlour games, the appeal of this game largely lies in its spectacle and humor rather than its strategy.
Media.
The playing of this game is depicted in the David Nicholls novel "One Day" and in the 2011 movie based on the book.

</doc>
<doc id="2905826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905826" title="Path integration">
Path integration

Path integration is the name given to the method thought to be used by animals for dead reckoning.
History.
Charles Darwin first postulated an inertially-based navigation system in animals in 1873. Studies beginning in the middle of the 20th century confirmed that animals could return directly to a starting point, such as a nest, in the absence of vision and having taken a circuitous outwards journey. This shows that they can use cues to track distance and direction in order to estimate their position, and hence how to get home. This process was named "path integration" to capture the concept of continuous integration of movement cues over the journey. Manipulation of inertial cues confirmed that at least one of these movement (or "idiothetic") cues is information from the vestibular organs, which detect movement in the three dimensions. Other cues probably include proprioception (information from muscles and joints about limb position), motor efference (information from the motor system telling the rest of the brain what movements were commanded and executed), and optic flow (information from the visual system signaling how fast the visual world is moving past the eyes). Together, these sources of information can tell the animal which direction it is moving, at what speed, and for how long. In addition, sensitivity to the earth's magnetic field for underground animals (e.g., mole rat) can give path integration.
Mechanism.
Studies in arthropods, most notably in the Sahara desert ant ("Cataglyphis bicolor"), reveal the existence of highly effective path integration mechanisms that depend on determination of directional heading (by polarized light or sun position) and distance computations (by monitoring leg movement or optical flow).
In mammals, three important discoveries shed light on this issue.
The first, in the early 1970s, is that neurons in the hippocampal formation, called place cells, respond to the position of the animal.
The second, in the early 1990s, is that neurons in neighboring regions (including anterior thalamus and post-subiculum), called head direction cells, respond to the head direction of the animal. This enables a much more fine-grained study of path integration, since it is possible to manipulate movement information and see how place and head direction cells respond (a much simpler procedure than training an animal, which is very slow).
The third finding was that neurons in the dorso-medial entorhinal cortex, which feeds information to the place cells in the hippocampus, fire in a metrically regular way across the whole surface of a given environment. The activity patterns of these grid cells looks very much like a hexagonally organized sheet of graph paper, and suggest a possible metric system that place cells can use to compute distances. Whether place and grid cells actually compute a path integration signal remains to be seen, but computational models exist suggesting this is plausible. Certainly, brain damage to these regions seems to impair the ability of animals to path integrate.
David Redish states that "The carefully controlled experiments of Mittelstaedt and Mittelstaedt (1980) and Etienne (1987) have demonstrated conclusively that this ability integration in mammals is a consequence of integrating internal cues from vestibular signals and motor efferent copy".

</doc>
<doc id="2905829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905829" title="FM 99.00 Dub Manifest">
FM 99.00 Dub Manifest

FM 99.00 Dub Manifest is a studio album from Basque artist Fermin Muguruza. It was released in 2000 and produced by Esan Ozenki.
Muguruza doesn't belong to any musical genre in particular but some punk, ska, jazz, jungle and funk influences can be found. Most songs contain political themes, with some promoting internationalism and social justice. Gizon Armatuak is about death squads in Central American countries, Big Benat denounces globalisation and uniformisation, while in Mendebaldarketa Muguruza laments on the situation of immigrants. In Diru Espainol Zikina he ridicules the appearance of murderous historical figures such as Hernan Cortes, Pizarro and Christopher Columbus on paper money, arguing it represents the arrogance and imperialism of the Spanish government. 

</doc>
<doc id="2905830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905830" title="College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario">
College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario

The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) is the governing body for medical doctors in Ontario, Canada.
The college issues certificates of registration for all doctors to allow them to practise medicine as well as:
The CPSO's power is derived from Regulated Health Professions Act (RHPA), Health Professions Procedural Code under RHPA and the Medicine Act. The college is based in Toronto.
Structure and mission.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) is the self-regulating body for the province's medical profession. The College regulates the practice of medicine to protect and serve the public interest. It issues certificates of registration to doctors to allow them to practise medicine, monitors and maintains standards of practice through peer assessment and remediation, investigates complaints against doctors on behalf of the public, and disciplines doctors who may have committed an act of professional misconduct or incompetence.
The medical profession has been granted a great degree of authority by provincial law, and that authority is exercised through the College. This system of self-regulation is based on the premise that the College must act first and foremost in the interest of the public. All doctors in Ontario must be members of the College in order to practise medicine in the province. The role of the College, as well as its authority and powers, are set out in the Regulated Health Professions Act (RHPA), the Health Professions Procedural Code under the RHPA and the Medicine Act.
The duties of the College include:issuing certificates of registration to doctors to allow them to practise medicine monitoring and maintaining standards of practice through peer assessment and remediation investigating complaints about doctors on behalf of the public, and conducting discipline hearings when doctors may have committed an act of professional misconduct or incompetence. 
The College is governed by a council. The RHPA stipulates that it consist of at least 32 and no more than 34 members: 
16 physicians elected by their peers on a geographical basis every three years; 3 physicians appointed from among the six faculties of medicine (at the University of Western Ontario, McMaster University, University of Toronto, Queen's University, University of Ottawa, and the Northern Ontario School of Medicine); no fewer than 13 and no more than 15 non-physician or 'public' members appointed by the provincial government for terms decided by the government. 
Both medical faculty members and public members may be re-appointed at the end of their terms. The College President is elected from and by Council and serves a one year term.
Council members sit on one or more committees of the College. Each committee has specific functions, most of which are governed by provincial legislation. 
General Council meetings are held four times a year, at which time the activities of the College are reviewed and matters of general policy are debated and voted on.
Meetings of Council are open to the public and are held in the 3rd floor Council Chamber at 80 College Street, Toronto, Ontario.
In October 2008, the College was named one of "Canada's Top 100 Employers" by Mediacorp Canada Inc., and was featured in "Maclean's" newsmagazine. Later that month, the College was also named one of Greater Toronto's Top Employers, which was announced by the Toronto Star newspaper.
Complaints process.
The complaints process regarding physicians begins with a phone call to the Public Advisory Department at 416-967-2603 or 1-800-268-7096 extension 603. A College staff member in the Investigations and Resolutions Department experienced in health care will help you. Staff may be able to answer questions about your care; clarify which questions to take back to your doctor; and/or answer questions about how the health care system works. Your medical records may be reviewed and discussion with the doctor in question will be scheduled. Staff will ask the doctor for a response.
College staff may also arrange to meet with you, and possibly with you and the doctor(s) – perhaps even hospital administrators – to communicate and clarify issues. This gives you the opportunity to tell the doctor and others about your concerns.
This process provides a forum for you to have your concerns heard and acknowledged by the doctor and/or hospital representatives, and is done only with both your and the doctor’s agreement. Occasionally, an improvement to the way in which health care is delivered has come about as a result of these discussions.
Criticism.
Dr.Cathy Frank, a former St.Thomas Elgin Hospital gyncologist, had been accused of at least 31 cases of malpactice, which the college referred none of the cases to a public disciplinary hearing as she agreed to be monitored by another physician which the college refused to identify; Among 31 complainant, 3 complainants filed a formal complaints which the college dismissed, arguing that the cases has been considered; only after 3 complainants appealed to Provincial Health Professions Appeal and Review Board led the college to initiate a public hearing which resulted in Dr.Cathy Frank agreeing to cease performing surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="2905843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905843" title="May Craig (journalist)">
May Craig (journalist)

Elisabeth May Adams Craig (December 19, 1889 in Coosaw Mines, South Carolina – July 15, 1975 in Silver Spring, Maryland) was an American journalist best known for her reports on the Second World War, Korean War and U.S. politics. She was a member of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, and was also a campaigner for equality in children's education.
Although May Craig was a Southerner, she got her break in journalism working for the Maine-based Guy Gannett chain of newspapers (including the "Portland Press Herald"). She became the company's Washington correspondent, and wrote her "Inside Washington" column for almost fifty years. She took on leadership roles within both the Women's National Press Club and Eleanor Roosevelt's Press Conference Association, both organisations supporting women in journalism.
During the Second World War, Craig secured a succession of postings to Europe. From this vantage point, she gave eyewitness accounts of the V-bomb attacks on London, the Battle of Normandy and the liberation of Paris. During the war, she constantly battled with the male military commanders and male journalists to have access to the news. One of her best-known quotations is a reference to "facilities", the lack of which was often given as reason for not allowing Craig to follow up on the news. She joked that, "Bloody Mary of England once said that when she died they would find "Calais" graven on her heart" (in reference to a key French outpost lost during Mary's reign); "When I die, there will be the word "facilities", so often it has been used to prevent me from doing what men reporters could do." May Craig married Donald A. Craig.
Craig was second in the amount of appearances on "Meet the Press" behind David Broder. Craig always wore a hat and gloves on the program, according to her, "so that people would remember who she is."
Transcript of May Craig at a White-House press conference.
This is a transcript of a press conference held by Franklin D. Roosevelt on December 9, 1941, at 4:10 p.m. It was the first American news conference of the war.
MISS MAY CRAIG: You've got a new system out there. (Referring to security at the entrance.)
THE PRESIDENT: What?
MISS MAY CRAIG: A new system out there. It's going to take a long time to get in.
THE PRESIDENT: What's that? What do you have to do? Have they frisked you? (Laughter)
MISS MAY CRAIG: Practically.
THE PRESIDENT: Now May, I don't think that's nice.
MISS MAY CRAIG: They did Fred Hale once.
THE PRESIDENT: I will have to hire a female Secret Service agent around here to do the frisking.
MISS MAY CRAIG: Remember the time they frisked Senator Hale at a reception?
THE PRESIDENT: Terribly funny.
MISS MAY CRAIG: He never got over it.
THE PRESIDENT: He never got over it.
MISS MAY CRAIG: The sacred Hale person.
THE PRESIDENT: He was here before you and I were born. (Pause here as newspapermen continue to file in.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, the only thing I can think of is—on that—you know occasionally I have a few people in to dinner, and generally in the middle of dinner some—I know she isn't—it isn't an individual, it's just a generic term—some "sweet young thing" says, "Mr. President, couldn't you tell us about so and so?"
Well, the other night this "sweet young thing" in the middle of supper said, "Mr. President, couldn't you tell us about the bombing? Where did those planes start from and go to?" And I said, "Yes. I think the time has now come to tell you. They came from our new secret base at Shangri-La!" (Laughter)
And she believed it! (More laughter)
Q: Mr. President, is this the same young lady you talked about -- (Loud laughter interrupted)
THE PRESIDENT: No. This is a generic term. It happens to be a woman.
MISS MAY CRAIG: Is it always feminine? (Laughter)
THE PRESIDENT: What?
MISS MAY CRAIG: Is it always feminine? (Loud Laughter)
THE PRESIDENT: Now May, why did you ask me that?
MISS MAY CRAIG: I wondered.
THE PRESIDENT: I call it a "sweet young thing." Now when I talk about manpower that includes the women, and when I talk about a "sweet young thing," that includes young men. (Again loud laughter)

</doc>
<doc id="2905846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905846" title="Date Tadamune">
Date Tadamune


</doc>
<doc id="2905848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905848" title="Can't Have Nothin' Nice">
Can't Have Nothin' Nice

"Can't Have Nothin' Nice" is the third and final album recorded by Austin, Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. It is a collection of new and live versions of previously released songs as well as new songs that had never been released on an album (though many had been played in concert). It was released in 1992 on Crackpot Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2905849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905849" title="Learning and Teaching Scotland">
Learning and Teaching Scotland

Learning and Teaching Scotland (LTS or LT Scotland) was a non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government, formed by the merger of the Scottish Consultative Council on the Curriculum (SCCC) and the Scottish Council for Educational Technology (SCET). It was the main organisation for the development and support of the Scottish curriculum, and was at the heart of developments in Scottish education until its merger with Her Majesty's Inspectorate for Education to form Education Scotland in 2011.
The role of LTS was to provide advice, support, resources and staff development to enhance the quality of learning and teaching in Scotland, combining expertise in the curriculum 3–18 with advice on the use of ICT in education.
LTS worked in close partnership with the Scottish Government, Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Education, the Scottish Qualifications Authority, the Association of Directors of Education in Scotland, the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, education authorities, schools and with a range of professional associations, playing a key role in the drive to improve learning and teaching.
LTS provided support for people working in the Scottish state education system - including ministers, local authorities, school managers, teachers, and support staff - and was accountable to the Scottish Executive Education Department.
LTS operated the LT Scotland Online Service, the successor to the National Grid for Learning in Scotland. It also ran a professional development programme known as "Masterclass", and a range of supported online communities of practice including "Heads Together".
LTS managed Glow, a national intranet for schools and practitioners, offering a range of teaching, learning and collaborative tools across the Web, in a secure and fully authenticated way - bringing together more than 700,000 students, 50,000 teachers, all lecturers and students in initial teacher education and many others across the country.
LTS had been charged with leading the development of Scotland's 'Curriculum for Excellence' programme. The purpose of the programme is to improve the learning, attainment and achievement of children and young people in Scotland. It is also about ensuring that pupils achieve on a broad front, not just in terms of examinations.
LTS also led the innovative Assessment is for Learning programme in Scotland.
On 14 October 2010, Cabinet Secretary for Education Mike Russell announced that Learning and Teaching Scotland would be subsumed, along with Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Education into a new body named the "Scottish Education Quality and Improvement Agency". This was later renamed to Education Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="2905855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905855" title="Delton AG">
Delton AG

DELTON AG is a strategic management holding company (located in Bad Homburg, Germany) that manages value creating business activities in the sectors of pharmaceuticals, household products and logistics.
With a workforce of around 12,000 employees, the DELTON Group generated sales of about €2.5 billion in fiscal year 2008.
The sole shareholder of DELTON AG is Stefan Quandt. He is the fourth generation of Quandt family entrepreneurs.

</doc>
<doc id="2905857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905857" title="Dan Dodge">
Dan Dodge

Dan Dodge is the co-creator of the QNX Realtime Operating system (with Gordon Bell). They began the project while students at the University of Waterloo in 1980. After moving to Kanata, Ontario, (a high-tech area outside Ottawa) to start Quantum Software Systems (later renamed QNX Software Systems to avoid confusion with a hard drive manufacturer), the first commercial version of QNX was released for the Intel 8088 CPU in 1982.
In 2002 Dodge and Bell were acclaimed as Heroes of Manufacturing by "Fortune" magazine.
Mr. Dodge holds a Master's degree in mathematics and is the Chief Executive Officer of QNX Software Systems, a division of BlackBerry. In an earnings call on March 29th, 2012, BlackBerry CEO Thorsten Heins stated "Dan Dodge is now 's lead software architect and is responsible for driving both the QNX business and the BlackBerry 10 platform vision."

</doc>
<doc id="2905858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905858" title="Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad">
Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad

The Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad was the second railroad to be built and operated in the U.S. state of Ohio (the Erie and Kalamazoo Railroad was first, beginning operations in Toledo during the Toledo War in 1836). It was also the first railroad company chartered west of the Allegheny Mountains.
History.
The railroad first broke ground in Sandusky, for construction on September 17, 1835 at the site which is currently Battery Park Marina. On December 2, 1837, the MR&LE took delivery of its first steam locomotive, "Sandusky", built by Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor of Paterson, New Jersey. "Sandusky" was also the first locomotive built by Rogers and the first to include features such as cast iron driving wheels and counterweights. The locomotive's transportation from New Jersey was overseen by Thomas Hogg, the railroad's chief mechanical engineer.
The MR&LE used a rail gauge of , a gauge that soon became known as "Ohio gauge".
Construction continued on the MR&LE, reaching Tiffin by 1841 and Kenton in 1846. The railroad was completed to Springfield in 1849. Over the next several decades, the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad changed ownership at least four times. In 1892, it came under the control of the Big Four Railroad (Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis Railroad), which itself became part of the New York Central Railroad. Most of the original MR&LE lines were abandoned by Penn Central at the advent of Conrail in 1976, if not earlier. However, a portion between Bellefontaine and Springfield continues in operation by RailAmerica's Indiana and Ohio Central Railroad.
Although most of the MR&LE lines that once ran through downtown Sandusky have been removed, tracks serving the Norfolk Southern coal docks located west of downtown still use a small portion of the original MR&LE right-of-way.

</doc>
<doc id="2905861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905861" title="The Dreaming (Tokyopop comic)">
The Dreaming (Tokyopop comic)

The Dreaming is an Original English-language manga series created by Artist/Author Queenie Chan and published by Tokyopop. It is one of the first manga put out by the company that were not made in Japan.
"Jeanie" and "Amber Malkin" - identical twin sisters - are new students at the 100-year-old "Greenwich Private College", a boarding school in North Sydney, Australia that lies on the edge of vast, virgin bushlands. After settling in and meeting new friends, the girls learn an unsettling secret: time and time again over the past century, students have wandered off into the wilderness surrounding the school and vanished without a trace, never to return. They both begin to have strange dreams and are scared of the school. Jeanie and Amber begin to discover the mystery behind the disappearances and also the reason why the College's creepy vice-principal carries such a prejudice against identical twins.
Release.
The series is also licensed in Russia by Comix-art.

</doc>
<doc id="2905868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905868" title="Justine Lévy">
Justine Lévy

Justine-Juliette Lévy (born 1974) is a French book editor and author.
Life and career.
Lévy is the eldest daughter of Isabelle Doutreluigne and French philosopher, writer, and intellectual, Bernard-Henri Lévy. Her 1995 debut novel ""Le Rendez-vous"" ("The Rendezvous") was translated from French into English and published in the United States in 1997. 
In 1995 she married Raphaël Enthoven, the son of her father's best friend, Jean-Paul Enthoven, who left her for model and singer, Carla Bruni (who is now married to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy). She wrote a novel whose story paralleled her own life. The 2004 book was released in France under the title ""Rien de Grave"" (published in English in 2005 as "Nothing Serious"). The winner of the first Prix Littéraire Le Vaudeville, her book knocked "The Da Vinci Code" from Europe's bestseller lists. It was published in the United States in October 2005.
Justine has two children with long-term partner actor Patrick Mille. She describes her relationship with Patrick as "not married, but "like" married". Like "Nothing Serious" protagonist Louise, Justine is also a little cynical about monogamy.

</doc>
<doc id="2905869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905869" title="Foundation of Melbourne">
Foundation of Melbourne

The city of Melbourne was founded in 1835. The exact circumstances of "the foundation of Melbourne", and the question of who should take credit, have long been matters of dispute.
Exploration.
A series of navigators, mostly operating from Sydney, explored the south-east coast of the Australian continent. In 1797 George Bass discovered Bass Strait, the passage between the Australian mainland and Van Diemen's Land (Tasmania); Bass sailed as far west as Western Port. Other navigators included James Grant in 1800. In 1802 John Murray in the "Lady Nelson" became the first recorded European to sail into Port Phillip, but he did not reach the northern end of the bay. He was followed shortly after by Matthew Flinders. In January 1803, Charles Robbins and Charles Grimes in the schooner "Cumberland" explored the whole of the bay, and found the mouth of the Yarra River, on which they rowed as far as Dights Falls at Collingwood. 
In October 1803 a convict settlement was established at Sullivan Bay at the mouth of Port Phillip, but this was abandoned and relocated to Van Diemens Land in January 1804.
The Hume and Hovell expedition passed just to the north of present-day Melbourne in December 1824, before reaching Port Phillip at Corio Bay. Other than the escape of convict William Buckley, this marks the only recorded visit by Europeans between 1804 and 1835.
Settlement.
In 1834 Edward Henty and his brothers established the first permanent settlement in Victoria at Portland Bay.
When news of the Hentys' actions reached Launceston, John Batman and a group of investors founded the Port Philip Association, a grouping of Tasmanian bankers, graziers and East India Company retirees, with the intention of settling at Port Philip. In April 1835, Batman hired a sloop called the "Rebecca" and sailed across the Strait and up Port Philip to the mouth of the Yarra. He explored a large area in what is now the northern suburbs of Melbourne, as far north as Keilor, ascending Mt Kororoit. As the land he travelled through was mostly treeless, and covered in dense swards of Kangaroo grass ("Themeda triandra"), it was, he wrote, "Land of the best description, equal to any in the world... the most beautiful sheep pasturage I ever saw in my life."
Batman's Treaty.
On 6 June Batman recorded in his journal that he had signed a treaty with the local Aboriginal people, the Wurundjeri. In this treaty Batman purported to buy of land around the Yarra River and another around Geelong, on Corio Bay to the south-west. In exchange he gave the eight "chiefs" whose marks he acquired on his treaty a quantity of blankets, knives, tomahawks, scissors, looking-glasses, flour, handkerchiefs and shirts.
The treaty was significant as it was the first and only documented time when Europeans negotiated their presence and occupation of aboriginal lands, according to historian Richard Broome, although it was later declared void by the Governor of New South Wales, Richard Bourke, and its authenticity has been strongly questioned by some historians like Alistair Campbell. It is likely that the Europeans interpreted the negotiations and ceremonies as a purchase of land while the Kulin believed they were conducting a tanderrum ceremony which allows temporary access and use of
the land. 
Batman then sent a party up the Yarra by boat. On 8 June he wrote in his journal: "So the boat went up the large river... and... I am glad to state about six miles up found the River all good water and very deep. "This will be the place for a village"." This last sentence later became famous as the "founding charter" of Melbourne, but it is not at all clear whether Batman was referring to the Yarra or its tributary the Maribyrnong River. The map Batman later produced does not correspond well with the actual geography of the area.
Tasmanian settlement.
Batman returned to Launceston and began plans to mount a large expedition to establish a settlement on the Yarra. John Pascoe Fawkner also had not been idle during the period since news of the Henty settlement at Portland had reached him. He also bought a ship, the schooner "Enterprize". He met with Batman and assured him that he was not intending to settle at the site of Batman's discoveries, but he in fact had every intention of doing so. The "Enterprize" sailed on 4 August, with a party of intending settlers, although Fawkner was not aboard because the local sheriff would not allow him to leave until he paid his many debts.
After looking around the area, the acting commander of the expedition, John Lancey, chose a spot for the settlement, where, on 30 August 1835, the ship was anchored and the goods aboard unloaded. The spot was on the north bank of the Yarra, roughly between the present Spencer St Bridge and the Kings Bridge, in what is now called Enterprize Park. 
Meanwhile Batman had sailed from Launceston in the "Rebecca" on 20 July, but he had spent several weeks at a temporary camp site at Indented Head on the western side of the bay. Here he was amazed to meet an Englishman, William Buckley, a former convict who had escaped from the settlement at Sorrento in 1803 and who had lived with the Aboriginal people around Port Phillip for more than 30 years. So it was not until 2 September that Batman's party reached the Yarra, where they were dismayed and angry to find Fawkner's people already in possession.
After a tense standoff, the two groups decided that there was plenty of land for everybody, and when Fawkner arrived on 16 October with another party of settlers, he agreed that they should start parcelling out land and not dispute who was there first. It was in his interests to do this, since an outbreak of violence would make it even less likely that Governor Bourke would recognise the settlement and the legal land titles of the settlers.
Establishment of Melbourne.
Both Batman and Fawkner settled in the new town, which had several interim names, including Batville, before being officially named Melbourne in honour of the British Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne, in March 1837. 
Batman farmed at Batman's Hill, an area now covered by the Spencer St railway yards. He was an alcoholic and had advanced syphilis, and he died young in 1839. 
Fawkner, on the other hand, had a long and stormy career in the colony. He opened Melbourne's first hotel on the corner of William St and Flinders Lane. He founded the "Melbourne Advertiser", the city's first newspaper, in 1838. He became a major landowner at Pascoe Vale north of Melbourne. In 1851 he was elected to the first Legislative Council of the Port Phillip District, and in 1856 he was elected to the first Parliament of the self-governing colony of Victoria, as MLC for Central Province. In Melbourne as in Launceston, he made many enemies, before dying as the grand old man of the colony in 1869.
True founder.
In later years Fawkner's enemies had their revenge, because they decided to credit Batman, long dead and safely forgotten, as the founder of what was by then "Marvellous Melbourne," the golden city of the British Empire. Batman's sentence, "This will be the place for a village," was widely quoted to show that Batman had envisaged a town on the site of Melbourne. In James Bonwick's 1856 history of the colony, Batman was given pride of place as the founder of Melbourne, and Henry Gyles Turner followed this in his 1904 "History of the Colony of Victoria". In his 1979 biography of Batman, C.P.Billot again credited him as the founder of Melbourne.
In 1985, however, Billot changed his mind after reading Fawkner's papers in the State Library of Victoria and his diary in the National Library of Australia. In his book "The Life and Times of John Pascoe Fawkner", he agreed that the idea and the fact of a "town" at the site of Melbourne should be credited to Fawkner, while Batman's chief intention was to establish a sheep-run, as the Hentys had done at Portland. A critical reading of Batman's journal showed that Batman probably did not visit the site of Melbourne, and that his map bears little resemblance to the actual site. Alistair Campbell's 1987 "John Batman and the Aborigines" also unfavourably reassessed Batman's reputation, arguing that his "treaty" was probably bogus as well as illegal. This shows that Melbourne's true founder was John Pascoe Fawkner but we can't prove it as there are not enough proofs to back up this argument. Of course some credit of foundation definitely goes to Fawkner. 
In recognition of this reassessment, a section of Batman Park, along the north bank of the Yarra where the first settlement was established, was renamed Enterprize Park in 1997. Both Batman and Fawkner have many streets, parks and other things in Melbourne named after them. There is a federal electorate of Batman, and there was an electorate of Fawkner from 1913 to 1969. There is a suburb called Fawkner and Fawkner's estate at Pascoe Vale is now also a suburb.
According to the Melbourne Day Committee, Captain John Lancey, landed on the banks of the Yarra River on 30 August 1835. John Lancey was the captain of Fawkner's schooner Enterprize and the expedition leader, had been recognised by the Royal Historical Society and the Melbourne Foundation Day Committee as the city's European founder. Other members of the founding party included Launceston builder George Evans and his servant Evan Evans, carpenters William Jackson and Robert Hay Marr, ploughman Charles Wise and blacksmith James Gilbert and his pregnant wife Mary Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="2905871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905871" title="LTS">
LTS

LTS may refer to:

</doc>
