<doc id="2928904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928904" title="Gulfstream Park">
Gulfstream Park

Gulfstream Park Racing & Casino is a racetrack and county-approved racino in Hallandale Beach, Florida, in the United States. During its annual meet, which spans December through April, it is one of the most important venues for horse racing in America.
History.
Gulfstream Park was opened on Wednesday February 1, 1939 conducting a four-day meeting. The initial meeting had a crowd of 18,000. In 1944, the track was reopened by James Donn, Sr. for a 20-day meeting in December. The Gulfstream Park Handicap was first run in 1946 and the Florida Derby began in 1952. In that year the clubhouse was built and the Grandstand seating was expanded.
Gulfstream Park introduced turf racing for the first time in 1959.
In 1952 the clubhouse was erected and a new addition was put on the grandstand. It also marked the first running of the Florida Derby. The following year, the Florida Derby became the first stakes in Florida with a $100,000 purse.
The 1955 Kentucky Derby winner and Horse of the Year Swaps set a then world-record of 1:39 3/5 for a mile and 70 yards while carrying 130 pounds in the Broward Handicap. The following year was just as exciting at Gulfstream when Gen. Duke equaled the world record of 1:46 4/5 in defeating Bold Ruler in the Florida Derby.
In 1959, a new era at Gulfstream began with the opening of its world-acclaimed turf course. In 1961, James Donn Jr. became president of Gulfstream. It also marked the construction of what was then the world’s largest tote board.
Following the death of his father, James Donn Jr., Doug Donn was elected Gulfstream Park’s president. 
In 1961, James Donn Jr. succeeded his father as president of Gulfstream Park. In this year the Clubhouse was enlarged and the then-world's largest totalisator board was installed in the infield. A big break for Gulfstream Park came in 1972, when the track was awarded "middle dates" for a 40-day January through April meet.
In 1980, Hall of Fame rider Angel Cordero Jr. set a meeting record with 60 winners.
In 1982, the Grandstand was renovated with new architecture and in 1984 the renovation of the clubhouse was completed. In 1986, the renovation of the track was completed with the new Gulfdome, a domed dining terrace. In 1989 Gulfstream Park hosted the Breeders Cup for the first time (which it did again in 1992 and 1999).
Gulfstream played host its first Breeders’ Cup World Championships in 1989, highlighted by the Classic match-up between Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner Sunday Silence and Belmont Stakes winner Easy Goer. Gulfstream would host the Breeders’ Cup again in 1992. 
In 1990, the track was purchased by Bertram R. Firestone. 
Jockey Julie Krone took the jockey’s title in 1993 with 98 winners. In 1994, Holy Bull won the Florida Derby while, in 1995, Cigar won the Donn Handicap and Gulfstream Park Handicap on his way to a perfect season. Meanwhile, ’95 Florida Derby winner Thunder Gulch would go on to win the Kentucky Derby. Monarchos would repeat Thunder Gulch’s feat in 2001.
In 1994, a half interest in the track was sold to Nigashi Nihon. 
The track was purchased by Magna Entertainment Corporation, in 1999 for $95 million. In 2010, the ownership of the track was taken over by Magna parent MI Developments Inc. (MID). The track is currently owned by The Stronach Group since July 3, 2011.
Hal’s Hope, winner of the 2000 Florida Derby, would return in 2002 to win the Gulfstream Park Handicap. The 2002 season was also highlighted by the first running of the popular Sunshine Millions, pitting Florida-breds vs. California-breds for purses totaling $3.6 million.
[http://www.gulfstreampark.com/racing/race-info/news/stronach-group-acquires-mi-developments-racing-gaming-assets]
Palm Meadows, Gulfstream’s state-of-the-art training facility in Palm Beach County, was opened on Nov. 29, 2002.
Trainer Todd Pletcher started his unprecedented run of nine consecutive training titles in 2004. 
The track began a $130 million renovation of the grandstand and clubhouse in 2004 and slot machines were approved for the track in 2004. It now hosts all of the races in the series of races known as the Sunshine Millions.
The series now consists of the:
In 2006, Hall of Fame jockey Jerry Bailey rode his last race aboard Silver Tree in the Sunshine Millions and the great Barbaro would win the Florida Derby before making headlines with his victory in the Kentucky Derby.
The renovation, first effective for the 2006 spring meeting, was heavily criticized by racegoers and commentators, who felt that the new racino laid its emphasis entirely on the casino part, destroying the racetrack's atmosphere.
In June, 2011, Tim Ritvo was named President and General Manager of Gulfstream Park Racing & Casino. He was a prominent jockey and racing official at Suffolk Downs in the 1980s before establishing himself in the 1990s as a leading Florida trainer. Ritvo has also served as Vice President and Director of the Florida Horsemen’s Benevolent & Protective Association.
In April, 2012, Javier Castellano, who collected his first Gulfstream title by riding a record 112 winners, scored his 3000th career success aboard Virtuously on Feb. 24 and Todd Pletcher, who claimed an unprecedented ninth consecutive training title at Gulfstream with 72 trips to the winner’s circle, recorded his 3,000 career victory when he saddled Spring Hill Farm for a winning performance on Feb. 11.
06/08/2012 Stronach Group named Tim Ritvo, Chief Operating Officer of its Racing Division
Track attributes.
The current dirt course is one and one-eighth miles in circumference, with a one-mile backstretch chute. The turf course is one mile in circumference; depending on the race day, the portable rail can be moved to the inside or outside of the course, thereby changing the circumference. The track can seat 16,627 people.
The track originally had a one mile dirt oval and a 7 furlong turf oval prior to the 2005 renovation.
On Opening Day, December 1, 2012, of Gulfstream Park's 2012-2013 meet, the track is hosting the 14th running of racing's Claiming Crown. The Claiming Crown has become the most important event for horse racing's claiming runners, and Gulfstream Park is raising the purses for each individual race in honor of this.
Entertainment.
Gulfstream Park has, in recent years, been a venue for concerts, with performances taking place on the grounds outside the grandstand. Reserved seats to the concerts are sold in advance, and others paying normal admission to the track may watch the concert in standing room. Various singers and groups who were popular in earlier times perform at Gulfstream as part of their tours. The track was also host to the Miami Pop Festival on December 29, 1968 featuring The Grateful Dead and others.
Stakes Races.
Gulfstream Park is home to the following graded stakes: (listed by grade and year inaugurated) <br>
Grade 1:
Grade 2:
Grade 3:
Non-graded: (partial list)

</doc>
<doc id="2928905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928905" title="Troels Frederik Lund">
Troels Frederik Lund

Troels Frederik Troels-Lund (September 5, 1840 - February 12, 1921) was a Danish historian.
Biography.
Lund was born in Copenhagen. He was the youngest son of Henrik Ferdinand Lund, Søren Kierkegaard’s brother in law. Henrik Ferdinand was the brother of the naturalist Peter Wilhelm Lund.
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1858. After studying theology for a while he abandoned it for the study of history. From 1870-1875 he was assistant at the Danish “Geheimarchiv.” He was also appointed historiographer-royal to the king of Denmark and Comptroller of the Order of the Dannebrog. Later, he was an instructor in history at the military school at Copenhagen. In 1888 he was made full professor of history, and produced many profound volumes mostly devoted to the subject of Scandinavian history during the sixteenth century.
"Information Annual" reports Troels Lund as the winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature for 1915, sharing the prize with three others, however the Nobel website only lists one recipient for that year, not Lund.
Colleagues.
Lund nominated Georg Brandes for the Nobel Prize several times.
Kierkegaard.
In 1913 a bust of Søren Kierkegaard was proposed. When the sculptor, Rikard Magnussen, proposed the idea to Lund, then in his eighties, he didn't support the proposal, he is quoted as saying, "But didn't you know what he was like? Soren Kierkegaard was a hunchback." In the early 1900s biographers were interested in finding out what Kierkegaard was like on the outside. Kierkegaard also wrote much about Socrates.
He related different stories about Kierkegaard. One story described Kierkegaard's playfulness: “He was an unseen witness to a conversation between two poorhouse inmates. The first said: “It’s the devil that one never is happy." The other: “Nonsense! What’s happiness?” The first: “It would be if an angel dropped down from heaven and gave me a ‘blue one.’” This Kierkegaard could not resist. Ho took a five-dollar note (a “blue one”) from his purse, stepped up, presented it with a deep bow, and disappeared without saying a word.” In 1854 he sat in on discussions between his mother, Anna Kathrine, and Kierkegaard about whether or not Mynster was a "real Christian or not", he was 16 years old at the time. He visited Kierkegaard in the hospital and was a witness to his burial.
According to Lund, Kierkegaard spent half of his fortune on publishing his own works, he refused to accept interest on his money “on Old Testament grounds”, and he also gave much of his money to the poor. Kierkegaard says the same: "I almost never made a visit, and at home the rule was strictly observed to receive no one except the poor who came to seek help."
Works.
Lund's first work, which appeared in 1871, an erudite biography of Socrates, gave him a great reputation among continental scholars.
His next important work, "Historiske Skitser", did not appear until 1876, but after that time his activity was stupendous. In 1879 the first volume of his "Danmarks og Norges Historie i Slutningen of det Xvi. Aarhundrede", a history of daily life in Denmark and Norway at the close of the 16th century, was published. His work said little about kings, armies and governments, but instead concentrated attention on the lives of the ordinary men and women of the age with which he deals. He used these common people to illustrate a vast body of documents previously neglected by the official historians.

</doc>
<doc id="2928907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928907" title="Charles M. Dale">
Charles M. Dale

Charles Milby Dale (March 8, 1893–September 28, 1978) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Portsmouth, New Hampshire; he was the seventy-sixth Governor of New Hampshire, serving from 1945 to 1949.
Early career.
Born in 1893 in Browns Valley, Minnesota, in the state's Red River Valley between Minnesota and North Dakota. He attended the University of Minnesota, and then the University of Minnesota Law School; while in law school he served as Note Editor of the first volume of the "Minnesota Law Review" and graduated in 1917. After law school he began a legal practice back in Brown's Valley, but upon the United States' entry into World War I he left to enlist in the United States Army. Dale was assigned to the Coast Artillery Corps stationed in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Political career.
After the war, Dale decided to remain in Portsmouth and open his legal practice there. He soon found his way into politics; he was first elected city solicitor in 1921 and later mayor from 1926 to 1928. He went back to legal practice but was elected in 1933 to the state senate, where he served as president. In 1937 he was elected to the Executive Council of New Hampshire. He returned to the state senate, then again served at the Mayor of Portsmouth from 1943 to 1944. He entered the Governor's race and during the Republican primary election defeated incumbent Governor Robert Blood. Dale then went on to win the general election and win reelection for a second two-year term. 
Dale retired from politics in 1948 to go on and work in banking and radio in New Hampshire. He died in 1978 in Portsmouth. He is buried at the Valley View Cemetery in his birth town of Browns Valley, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="2928914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928914" title="Metropolitan Railway E Class">
Metropolitan Railway E Class

The Metropolitan Railway E Class is a class of 0-4-4T steam locomotives. A total of seven locomotives were built between 1896 and 1901 for the Metropolitan Railway: three by the railway at their Neasden Works and four by Hawthorn Leslie and Company in Newcastle upon Tyne. 
Overview.
One locomotive became Metropolitan Railway No.1 and was a replacement for A Class (4-4-0T) No.1 which had been scrapped after an accident. The other locomotives were numbered 77 to 82. Number 77 is known to have been fitted with condensing apparatus. It is likely that condensing apparatus was originally fitted to the whole class, but later removed.
Displacement.
The E Class were displaced from the main passenger trains by the 4-4-4T H Class in 1920, moving to lesser jobs such as trains on the Chesham branch, goods trains and engineering duties. Following the Second World War one E Class locomotive was regularly stationed at Rickmansworth station to cover a failure of LNER locomotives working Metropolitan Line trains north of this point.
London Transport.
The first locomotive was scrapped in 1935 before it could be given a new London Transport number, something that only four locomotives would receive. No.1 became L44, while nos. 77, 80 and 81 became L46–L48. 
Preservation.
L44 (No.1) had the honour of working the last steam-hauled LT passenger train in 1961, and survived in use until 1965; it is now preserved at the Buckinghamshire Railway Centre.
L44 was saved from being broken up for scrap by the endeavours of a 19 years old London Transport Mechanical Engineering Apprentice (Jim Stringer), who started the Met Tank Appeal Fund in 1962. The objective was originally to save the only remaining 0-6-2T 'F' Class locomotive numbered L52 in the London Transport fleet. LT offered this locomotive to him for £500. The Met Tank Appeal Fund raised just over £1,000, but when Jim went to hand over the cheque he was advised that an inspection had revealed a cracked mainframe, and the locomotive could no longer be 'steamed' and was therefore no longer suitable for preservation. However he was offered L44 in its place for the sum of £450.
Jim was helped by committee members of the London Railway Preservation Society, and a locomotive fitter named Gerald Fitzgerald. The LRPS had storage for the Locomotive at Bishops Stortford, and also at Luton where it was subsequently moved to, but the Quainton Railway Society offered a secure and permanent base for it at their newly established museum in Buckinghamshire, and L44 (now correctly referred to as Met Loco No. 1) moved there in the mid-1960s. 
No. 1 was maintained in main-line condition and made occasional forays onto its old home lines during the "Steam on the Met" events which took place between 1989 and 2000. It received a full overhaul in 2001.
In 2007 No. 1 made its first visit away from Buckinghamshire Railway Centre since the 2001 Heavy Overhaul, arriving at the Bluebell Railway on 24 July in order to take part in the "Bluebell 125" celebrations. While there it was paired with four original Metropolitan Railway carriages which have been restored by the Bluebell. During August 2008 it visited Barrow Hill and in October 2008 Llangollen, to participate in their heritage events.
In 2010 an appeal was launched to fund the restoration of Number 1, and to fund its continued upkeep for the following ten years to enable it to participate at many more heritage events
In 2013, for the 150th Anniversary of London Underground, No. 1 was loaned to the LT museum for several trips between Olympia and Moorgate via Edgware Road on successive weekends in January of that year to honour the actual anniversary of the first Underground journey from Bishop's Road to Farringdon on 9 January 1863. The train was made up of Metropolitan Locomotive Number 1, Metropolitan Railway Milk Van number 4 and the Metropolitan Railway Jubilee Carriage 353 (the oldest surviving operational tube carriage dating from 1892), both the property of the London Transport Museum Heritage Fleet. Coupled to these were the set of four 'Ashbury' Coaches of 1898 (ex Chesham Shuttle coaches 387, 412, 394 and 368, on loan from the Bluebell Railway) and Metropolitan Electric Railway Locomotive Number 12 "Sarah Siddons", also owned by the LT Museum. Several preservation bodies were involved in providing or restoring the rolling stock for the event and the operation was given added impetus by the enthusiastic support of the London Mayor Boris Johnson and his commissioner of Transport for London, Sir Peter Hendy CBE, himself a Transport enthusiast.

</doc>
<doc id="2928917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928917" title="Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute">
Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute

The Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute (later the Göring Institute) was founded in 1920 to further the science of psychoanalysis in Berlin. Its founding members included Karl Abraham and Max Eitingon. The scientists at the institute furthered Sigmund Freud's work but also challenged many of his ideas.
History.
The Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute grew from the Psychoanalytic Polyclinic ("psychoanalytische Poliklinik") founded in February 1920. The Polyclinic allowed access to psychoanalysis by low-income patients. Only some 10% of its income came from patients' fees; the rest was provided personally by Max Eitingon. It introduced the three-column model or 'Eitingon model' for the training of analysts (theoretical courses, personal analysis, first patients under supervision) which was later adopted by most other training centers. In 1925, Eitingon became chair of the new International Training Committee of the International Psychoanalytic Association. The Eitingon model remains standard today.
The Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute itself was founded in 1923. Ernst Simmel, Hanns Sachs, Franz Alexander, Sándor Radó, Karen Horney, Siegfried Bernfeld, Otto Fenichel, Theodor Reik, Wilhelm Reich and Melanie Klein were among the many psychoanalysts who worked at the Institute.
As a Jew, Eitingon's position became precarious after the Nazi ascent to power in 1933. Freud's books were burned in Berlin. By then some members had already left Berlin for the USA. Eitingon resigned in August 1933; he later moved to Palestine and founded the Palestine Psychoanalytic Association in 1934 in Jerusalem. The Palestine Association saw itself as the heir of the Berlin Institute; even the furniture from the Berlin Institute ended up in Jerusalem.
On 23 August 1933, Sigmund Freud wrote to Ernest Jones, "Berlin is lost". Edith Jacobson was arrested by the Nazis in 1935; one of her patients was a known Communist. Felix Boehm, who with fellow non-Jew Carl Müller-Braunschweig had taken control of the Institute after Eitingon's departure, refused to intervene on Jacobson's behalf, on the grounds that by associating herself with Communism she had endengered the Institute's survival. In 1936 the Institute was annexed to the "Deutsches Institut für psychologische Forschung und Psychotherapie e.v." (the socalled Göring Institute). Its director Matthias Göring was a cousin of Field Marshal Hermann Göring. Göring, Boehm and Müller-Braunschweig collaborated for a number of years; fourteen non-Jewish German psychoanalysts continued to operate within the new Institute. The one remaining copy of Freud's works was kept in a locked cupboard referred to as the "poison cabinet".
John Rittmeister, a physician and psychoanalyst associated with the Institute, as well as resistance fighter against Nazism, was sentenced to death and executed in May 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2928924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928924" title="Bob Ferguson (infielder)">
Bob Ferguson (infielder)

Robert Vavasour Ferguson (January 31, 1845 – May 3, 1894) was an American infielder, league official, manager and umpire in the early days of baseball, playing both before and after baseball became a professional sport. In addition to playing and managing, he served as president of the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players from 1872 through 1875, the sport's first entirely professional league. His character and unquestioned honesty were highly regarded during a period in baseball history where the game's reputation was badly damaged by gamblers and rowdy behavior by players and fans. However, his bad temper and stubbornness were traits that created trouble for him at times during his career, and caused him to be disliked by many. His nickname, "Death to Flying Things", was derived from his greatness as a defensive player.
Early career.
A native of Brooklyn, Ferguson played for two of New York's earliest semi-professional clubs in the late 1860s and early 1870s, the Atlantics and Mutuals. On June 14 1870, Ferguson provided the hit that created the tying run and he later scored the winning run in a match against the famous Cincinnati Red Stockings, the first team that was composed entirely of professional players. This win brought to an end the Red Stockings' 81 consecutive game winning streak. He is credited with being the first player to bat from both sides of home plate, known as switch-hitting, but the practice was not popular at first. Among the explanations for this, it is claimed that, due to his personality, players did not want to emulate him. Managers, however, recognized the practice's importance soon after, and began to play their players according to the opposing pitcher that day, known today as platooning, and the advantages that switch-hitting posed would later become accepted strategic baseball philosophy, and many players began to experiment with the idea.
National Association.
In 1871, Ferguson took over the Mutual team as the player-manager. In 33 games, he batted .241, while the team finished with a 16–17 record, which put them in fifth place at the season's end. As manager, Ferguson insisted upon implicit obedience from his men, but was forced to leave following the season due to heavy rumors of gambling surrounding the team. For the 1872 season, Ferguson re-joined his Atlantics team, which was now a member of the National Association as well, and he would stay there through the 1874 season. In 1872, he was elected by the players to be the president of the National Association, an office he held through the 1875 season, the last season of the Association. 
On September 1, 1872, Ferguson arranged a benefit game for Al Thake, a 22-year-old left fielder for the Atlantics, who drowned during a fishing trip off Fort Hamilton, in New York Harbor. The old Brooklyn Atlantics and Members of the 1869 Cincinnati Red Stockings played against each other in the benefit game. 
While serving as a substitute umpire during a game between the Baltimore Canaries and Mutuals on July 24, 1873, Ferguson received continuous, loud, verbal abuse from Mutuals catcher Nat Hicks. Ferguson and Hicks got into an altercation at the conclusion of the game, which Ferguson ended by hitting Hicks in the left arm with a bat, breaking his arm in two places. Ferguson required a police escort to leave the playing field, and Hicks refused to press charges and the two reconciled afterwards. During the final season of the Association, he played and managed the Hartford Dark Blues.
National League.
When the Association dissolved, his Hartford team was accepted into the National League for its inaugural season in 1876, and Ferguson became a League Director. As a league official, he was involved in a landmark decision that season. The case involved Jim Devlin, pitcher for the Louisville Grays. Devlin wanted to be released from his contract, claiming that Louisville had failed to fulfill the terms of his contract. Surrounding Devlin were rumors that he took money from gamblers to throw games, known in the day as "hippodroming". Ferguson, along with fellow league directors, ruled in favor of the Grays' Vice-President Charles Chase, and Devlin was ordered to remain with the Grays. The following season, Devlin and three other teammates, SS/2B Bill Craver, OF George Hall and 3B Al Nichols would receive life suspensions for throwing games. Devlin attempted to gain reinstatement for a number of years, but this was never granted. 
The Dark Blues had turned to Ferguson to play for and manage the team because of his reputation as the most authoritarian captain in the game. He was an honest and upstanding citizen in a time when not many ballplayers could say the same. However, he was also a domineering, dictatorial captain with a violent streak. Team discipline did improve in his first season, but his overbearing ways proved divisive, causing the team to bicker amongst themselves. Ferguson's temper would flare up often, even when the team was winning. The Chicago Tribune reported that if anyone on the Hartford nine committed an error, “Ferguson swear until everything looks blue.” He was particularly rough on second baseman Jack Burdock, who on more than one occasion heard his captain publicly threaten “to ram his fist down Burdock’s throat.” Some players tolerated his behavior; others, however, refused to comply. Shortstop Tom Carey and center fielder Jack Remsen did not hesitate to yell back, while Burdock and pitcher Candy Cummings, on the other hand, often sulked. The situation in Hartford came to a head after a tough loss to the Red Stockings, a game in which Ferguson had committed several errors. Hartford's main pitcher, Tommy Bond, suggested that Ferguson was "crooked". Ferguson denied the charge, and Bond quickly retracted his statement, claiming that he said it in anger. Bond then requested that he be able to leave the team because he could not play for Ferguson, a request that was granted by league president Morgan Bulkeley, a former owner of the Dark Blues.
Hartford finished third in both of its two seasons in the National League, and when the team folded, Ferguson became the new Chicago White Stockings player-manager. It would be his only season in Chicago. Al Spalding had hired Ferguson to captain his Chicago team because of his reputation, openly saying that he admired Ferguson's style and leadership that made the Hartford teams successful. Ferguson personally had his most successful season as a player that season, as he batted .351, which was third in the league, led the league in on-base percentage, tied for fourth in runs batted in, and ranked fourth in hits. Unfortunately, the White Stockings finished at .500, and in Spalding's memoirs he called Ferguson "tactless" and hopelessly lacking any knowledge "of the subtle science of handling men by strategy rather than by force." Cap Anson would eventually take over that role in 1879. 
Ferguson again moved on, this time accepting the player-manager role with the new Troy Trojans team who began their time in the National League in 1879, and would stay in that role until the team folded after the 1882 season. In 1883, he became the first manager in the history of the Philadelphia Phillies franchise, which was known at the time as the Quakers, but was relieved of command when the team won only four of its first 17 games. On August 21 of that season, his Quakers traveled to Providence, Rhode Island to play the Grays. To increase ticket sales, he gave the day's pitching duty to Rhode Island native Art Hagan in hopes that Hagan's appearance would attract more locals to come watch the game. The strategy worked, but Hagen surrendered 28 runs and the Quakers made 20 errors behind him and did not score a run. Financially sound decision as it was, a bad decision for public relations as Ferguson was labeled a sadist for not relieving Hagen.
American Association.
Ferguson's last two managerial positions were in the American Association. He was player-manager for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys, who later became the Pittsburgh Pirates, in 1884 and later took over the managerial role for parts of two seasons with the New York Metropolitans. Overall, as manager, his teams won 417 games and lost 516, for a winning percentage of .447, and never finished higher than the third place finishes his Trojans achieved. The totals reflect his time in the National Association as well as the National League and American Association.
Umpiring career.
Ferguson had, on numerous occasions during his playing and managerial career, served as a substitute umpire, but did not start doing it full-time until after his departure from Philadelphia. In 1888, he became a full-time professional umpire, working in the American Association, and later in the Players' League in 1890. By the end of the 1890 season he had passed Kick Kelly to take over the record for career games as an umpire with 650; John Gaffney surpassed his final total of 786 in 1893. Ferguson officially umpired 804 games if his National Association games are taken into account, and his career came to a close after the 1891 season. On his umpiring philosophy, he once stated "Umpiring always came as easy to me", he said, "as sleeping on a featherbed. Never change a decision, never stop to talk to a man. Make 'em play ball and keep their mouths shut, and never fear but the people will be on your side and you'll be called the king of umpires."
Post-career.
Ferguson died in Brooklyn of apoplexy at the age of 49. Initially buried in the Cemetery of the Evergreens in Brooklyn, he was later reinterred in Cypress Hills Cemetery, also in the borough of Brooklyn. Despite his career that was filled with incidents of turmoil between him and his players and other baseball people, his funeral, which was held at his home, was quickly crowded, as was the front stoop. Eventually, they had to turn people away.

</doc>
<doc id="2928925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928925" title="Turf Paradise Race Course">
Turf Paradise Race Course

Turf Paradise is a thoroughbred and quarter horse racetrack in the North Mountain section of Phoenix, Arizona in the United States.
History.
In 1954 businessman Walter Cluer, a successful millwork company founder and manufacturer from Phoenix, purchased of barren desert at what is now Bell Road and 19th Avenue. Cluer, who was also a horse owner, dreamt of building a first-class race track in Phoenix.
Many locals thought Cluer's ambitious project was ill-timed and destined to fail, given that the property was from the hustle and bustle of the burgeoning metropolis of downtown Phoenix, and that the only way to get there was via a few badly maintained dirt roads, but he forged ahead and on January 7, 1956, Turf Paradise opened its doors to great success. Cluer remained as head of the track for nearly 25 years.
In 1980, Herb Owens took over and Turf Paradise entered into a phase of renovation. A seven-furlong infield turf course with a one mile (1.6 km) and one-eighth chute was added. The Clubhouse was enlarged and a Turf Club with penthouse-style Directors’ Suite and outdoor patio was also added.
Turf Paradise’s third owner, Robert Walker of Scottsdale, Arizona had made a fortune with an aerospace company he had founded and sold. He purchased the track in 1989 and moved it into the gambling field of off-track betting. Walker’s formula seemed to be the right approach at the right time, as he retired the track’s outstanding debt and declared the first-ever dividend for Turf Paradise stockholders. In addition, Walker and a consortium of horse racing interests successfully lobbied the Arizona Legislature to legalize off track betting (OTB). The in-state OTB network is perhaps Walker’s most significant contribution to the track and Arizona’s racing industry. What started out as a single OTB site in little Cave Creek (pop. 4,000) in 1991, has now grown to over 45 in-state OTBs and over 900 out-of-state locales, located in six different countries. 
Turf Paradise took on a corporate face in 1994 when the track was purchased in a stock acquisition by California-based Hollywood Park Racetrack under the chairmanship of R.D. Hubbard. Despite intense competition from a number of Native American in-state casino gaming interests, Turf Paradise continued to flourish and achieve record mutual handle numbers. 
The new millennium provided Turf Paradise with a new owner in the person of Jerry Simms. The self-made multi-millionaire purchased Turf Paradise on June 16, 2000 for $53 million. Simms immediately set out a $5 million renovation plan. Both the Clubhouse and Turf Club were completely renovated and re-styled. Two race book-style betting carrels, of 80 private terminals each, were added, one in the Clubhouse and the other adjacent to the Turf Club. 
Simms also had the main track and turf course renovated, and in the summer of 2003, Simms built a $125,000 equine swimming pool in the stable area of the race track. The by pool provides advanced horse therapy for more than 2,200 thoroughbreds stabled on the backside. Containing over 140,000 gallons of water and measuring in depth, the pool accommodates up to six horses at a time. The pool had an immediate effect, not only on equine health but on field size. 
The track was on a healthy financial footing in 2004, and Simms purchased property at the busy 19th Avenue and Bell Road intersection adjacent to the race track. He made use of the land for commercial development and at the same time enhancing the racing operation.
Current Officers:
Jerry Simms, Chairman
Vince Francia, General Manager
Dave Johnson, Vice President and Assistant General Manager
Patty Chakour, Chief Financial Officer
Current Administration/Officials:
Tony Toporek, Director of Television Operations
Serena Simms, Director of Corporate Sales
Amelia Blanco, Director of Marketing
Del Blondin, Director of Security
Gareth Jones, Director of Food and Beverage
Jennifer Milam, Group Sales
Sondra Reisinger, Director of Human Resources
Frank Abbate, Director of Mutuels
Shawn Swartz, Director of Racing
Coady Photography, Track Photographer
Sal Valesco, Plant Superintendent
Michael Chamberlain, Announcer and TV Commentator
Denny Hall, Starter
Bob Beaubien, Track Superintendent
Bucky Huff - Horsemen's Bookkeeper
George Estrada - Association Steward
Physical attributes.
The track has a one mile (1.6 km) dirt oval and a seven furlong turf oval. 
Racing.
The following graded stakes are run at Turf Paradise:
The following stakes are run at Turf Paradise:

</doc>
<doc id="2928926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928926" title="Let's Go, Go-Go White Sox">
Let's Go, Go-Go White Sox

"Let's Go, Go-Go White Sox" is the fight song of the Chicago White Sox of the American League.
The song first appeared in 1959 during the White Sox' run for the AL pennant--the team's first league championship since the infamous Black Sox Scandal of 1919. It was written by former White Sox minor leaguer Al Trace and his friend Walter "Li'l Wally" Jagiello. The duo then bounced the song off Captain Stubby and the Buccaneers, a popular country-comedy band in the Chicago area best known for performing the Roto-Rooter and Green Giant jingles. It was released on Jagiello's label, Drumboy Records, but failed to sell well.
The song was only heard sporadically until June , when team scoreboard operations and TV production director Jeff Szynal dusted off an old record of the tune. He put together a video montage and ran the words across the JumboTron in center field at U.S. Cellular Field during a turn-back-the-clock game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, the team that defeated the White Sox in the 1959 World Series. The White Sox won the game on a walk-off home run by AJ Pierzynski, and the song has blared over the stadium speakers ever since in rally situations. It became an instant hit, as fans of several generations caught on. 
In 2005, the White Sox won 99 games en route to their first division title in five years, their first postseason series win of any kind since the 1917 World Series (in the Division Series), their first World Series appearance since , and their first World Series championship since . In the 2005 postseason, Fox played clips of the song in their playoff coverage. WGN-TV also played the song during the victory parade on October 28, over a series of clips that interwove action footage from 1959 and 2005.
Lyrics.
White Sox! White Sox!
Go-Go White Sox!
Let's go, Go-Go White Sox
We're with you all the way!
You're always in there fighting,
And you do your best.
We're glad to have you out there in the Middle West.
We're gonna root-root-root-root White Sox.
And cheer you on to victory.
When we're in the stands,
We'll make those rafters ring;
All through the season,
You will hear us sing.
Let's go, Go-Go White Sox,
Chicago's proud of you!
White Sox! White Sox!
Go-Go White Sox!
Root-Root-Root for the White Sox.
We'll cheer you on to victory.
When we're in the stands,
We'll make those rafters ring;
All through the season,
You will hear us sing.
Let's go, Go-Go White Sox,
Chicago's proud of you! (Play ball!)
White Sox! White Sox!
Go-Go White Sox!
Let's go, Go-Go White Sox!
Chicago is proud of you!

</doc>
<doc id="2928937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928937" title="U.S. Città di Jesolo">
U.S. Città di Jesolo

Unione Sportiva Città di Jesolo was an Italian football club, based in Jesolo, Veneto.
The team's colors were black and blue.
History.
U.S. Lido di Jesolo.
The club was founded in 1969 as Unione Sportiva Lido di Jesolo.
It last played in Promozione in the season 2009-10 placing 7th.
U.S. Città di Jesolo.
In 2001 it acquired the sports title of A.C. San Donà in Serie D and becomes Unione Sportiva Città di Jesolo 
Jesolo last played in Serie D in the 2009-10 season placing 4th, after having been relegated in 2006 from Serie C2 on relegation play-out. 
In Summer 2010 the club moved to San Donà di Piave, giving to the local club "A.C. Sandonà 1922", from now renamed SandonàJesoloCalcio, its sport title of Serie D, acquired in 2001 and thus closing operations in Jesolo.

</doc>
<doc id="2928938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928938" title="Joseph Henry Gilbert">
Joseph Henry Gilbert

Sir Joseph Henry Gilbert (1 August 1817 – 23 December 1901) was an English chemist, noteworthy for his long career spent improving the methods of practical agriculture. He was a fellow of the Royal Society.
Life.
He was born at Hull, the son of Joseph Gilbert and Ann Gilbert. He studied chemistry first at Glasgow under Thomas Thomson; then at University College, London, in the laboratory of Anthony Todd Thomson (1778-1849), the professor of medical jurisprudence, also attending Thomas Graham's lectures; and finally at the University of Giessen under Liebig. On his return to England from Germany he acted for a year or so as assistant to his old master A. T. Thomson at University College, and in 1843, after spending a short time in the study of calico dyeing and printing near Manchester, accepted the directorship of the chemical laboratory at the agricultural experiment station established by John Bennet Lawes at Rothamsted, near St. Albans. 
This position he held for fifty-eight years, until his death on 23 December 1901. The work which he carried out in collaboration with Lawes involved the application of chemistry, meteorology, botany, animal and vegetable physiology, and geology to the methods of practical agriculture. 
Gilbert was chosen a fellow of the Royal Society in 1860, and in 1867 was awarded a Royal Medal jointly with Lawes. In 1880 he presided over the Chemical Section of the British Association at its meeting at Swansea, and in 1882 he was president of the London Chemical Society, of which he had been a member almost from its foundation in 1841. For six years from 1884 he filled the Sibthorpian chair of rural economy at Oxford, and he was also an honorary professor at the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester. He was knighted on 11 August 1893, the year in which the jubilee of the Rothamsted experiments was celebrated.

</doc>
<doc id="2928943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928943" title="Shigeru Umebayashi">
Shigeru Umebayashi

Once the leader of Japan's new wave rock band EX, composer Shigeru Umebayashi began scoring films in 1985 when the band broke up. He has more than 40 Japanese and Chinese films to his credit and is perhaps best known in the West for his score for director Wong Kar-wai's "In the Mood for Love" (2000). Umebayashi also scored "House of Flying Daggers", and Wong Kar-wai's long-awaited "2046" (2004). He is also the composer for the music of the first Serbian spectacle, "Charleston & Vendetta". Umebayashi received the special "Tomislav Pinter Award" at Avvantura Festival Zadar (Croatia) in 2013 during his stay as member of the official Jury.

</doc>
<doc id="2928949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928949" title="Die Straße">
Die Straße

Die Straße (1923), also known as The Street, is a German silent film, directed by Karl Grune.
Synopsis.
This was the first of the German "street" films. Prints of the film do exist, distributed by Transit-Film GmbH for commercial screenings, despite claims to the contrary. There are few intertitles throughout the film, adding to the predominantly visual story-telling approach.
It tells the story of one night in which a middle-aged man is lured away from his happy home into the thrills and dangers of the city streets. The city is an expressionistic nightmare, a dangerous and chaotic place. The unfortunate man encounters thieves, prostitutes, and other predators. But the real threat to security and order is the street itself. In one scene, the bumbling man passes an optometrist's shop on a crooked, deserted street. The moment his back is turned, an enormous neon sign of a pair of eyeglasses, blinks on. The street itself is alive and watching.
Plot.
The movie follows two distinct plot lines until the two eventually merge: the first is that of the bored middle-aged man seeking a departure from monotony in his life; the second is that of the blind man and the little boy, his grandson, who are interdependent. None of the characters have been given names and are therefore referred to only by description.
The film opens with a middle-aged man lying on his couch with a look of discontent as his wife finishes cooking their dinner on a rather uneventful night. As she rushes back and forth setting the table, he sluggishly rises and walks across the room to the window and gazes out onto the busy streets. His wife eventually walks over and gazes too, but quickly sits at the table and begins to eat dinner. The man takes one look at the food and then casually leaves the apartment and begins to wander the streets in search of something exciting.
The scene switches to a man sitting in a chair holding a little boy about four or five years old. Another, younger-looking man enters the room through a door on the left of the screen towards another door on the right of the screen. The little boy jumps from the man's arms to the younger man, and the older man reaches out for him; it is here that we see that the older man is blind. The little boy runs to the younger man and grasps his leg, saying, "Daddy!" He looks at him briefly, then makes a hasty exit. The little boy begins to cry and the blind man sits him up on his lap and comforts him, stroking his hair and talking to him. Then the little boy helps the blind man put on his coat and hat to go out.
The middle-aged man eventually encounters a pimp and a harlot. The middle-aged man, the harlot, and the pimp run all around town getting into all sorts of scenarios: scuffling over a seat on a park bench, falsely claiming to have been robbed, going to a dance, and gambling in a card game. They all end up at a party and are seen eating at a table all together. The middle-aged man looks at his wedding ring, and inside of it he sees an image of his wife walking backwards away from him. He begins to miss her and his regular life.
Around the same time, the blind man and the little boy have left the house and are standing outside a shop along the busy street. The blind man is holding the little boy's hand, but she is distracted by a dog and breaks his grip to chase the dog. The blind man is startled and calls out for him in a slight panic. The little boy is stranded on an island in the chaotic, bustling street, surrounded by horses, bicycles, pedestrians, and cars. A police officer stops traffic and walks the little boy across the street into the police office. Meanwhile, the blind man is sliding along a wall, looking desperately for the little boy. He mistakenly steps too far into the street and falls down onto the sidewalk after being nearly run over by a car. He pants heavily, upset and disoriented. A passing pedestrian stops and helps the blind man up and offers to help him get home. The police take the little boy home and put him to bed. Later, the blind man arrives home and sighs in relief at finding the little boy safe at home.
The harlot takes one of the men home and when another man sees him in the house, the other man is murdered. Unbeknownst to both parties, both the middle-aged man's group and the blind man's group are in the same house. The little boy wakes up and hears his father's voice and runs out to him. He again leaves in a haste, but this time the little boy follows him. The blind man wakes up hearing the little boy's cries and stumbles upon the murdered man. He is visibly frightened and breathes heavily. A policeman finds the little boy and brings him home again and the murder scene is discovered. The blind man comforts the little boy as the police take in suspects.
The middle-aged man is imprisoned, after being surprised by the murder scene. He is about to commit suicide by hanging himself from the window with his tie, when the little boy reveals that it was his father who committed the crime. A policemen enters and lets the middle-aged man go. He returns to his home and leans upon the shoulder of his wife, defeated. She reheats the soup from the night before and domesticity returns.

</doc>
<doc id="2928952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928952" title="Ardor">
Ardor

Ardor or Ardour may refer to:
Ardor may also be:

</doc>
<doc id="2928960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928960" title="Dalmuir railway station">
Dalmuir railway station

Dalmuir railway station is a railway station serving the Dalmuir area of Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, Scotland. It is a large, five platform interchange between the Argyle Line, North Clyde Line and West Highland Line.
The station is very close to the Dalmuir drop lock on the Forth and Clyde Canal.
History.
The station here (once known as "Dalmuir Park" to distinguish it from the nearby Caledonian Railway station at ) is located on the Glasgow, Dumbarton and Helensburgh Railway and opened with the line in May 1858. It was expanded in 1897 by the North British Railway when they extended the Glasgow, Yoker and Clydebank Railway there from - the new line met the older one via immediately west of the original platforms at "Dalmuir Park Junction" after passing beneath the former GD&HR line a few yards to the east.
Station layout.
There are four through platforms, two on the branch & two on the branch along with a terminal bay platform from the Yoker branch constructed as part of the Argyle Line improvement works in 1979. Trains terminating from the Singer branch reverse in a turnback siding to the west of the station just past the junction. The two inner platforms link up at the north end of the station, where there were formerly two footbridges - one spanning each pair of lines. However these were dismantled in 2010 after being replaced by a new, fully disability-accessible bridge fitted with three lifts that links all five platforms. The other station buildings are Portakabin-type structures erected in the early 1980s to replace the original stone ones.
Services.
Passenger services are provided by First ScotRail on behalf of Strathclyde Partnership for Transport. As befits a junction station with two alternative routes to the city and access to both main stations there ( Low Level and Glasgow Central (Low Level)) there are a wide range of destinations available. Northbound, there are regular trains via to both and , whilst south/eastbound services run to either or via Queen Street LL or to one of , or via Central LL and the Argyle Line. Those to the latter two can run via or via . All stopping services on the Yoker branch usually start & finish here whilst on the Singer line, alternate stopping trains run to/from Balloch. Since the opening of the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link in December 2010, services between Helensburgh & Airdrie now continue through to and Edinburgh Waverley. These run non-stop to via the Yoker line. 
Services frequencies are normally half-hourly on most routes Monday - Saturday daytimes, with 4tph on both branches through to Hyndland & Partick, though there is only 1tph through to Lanark. Services are less frequent in the evenings, whilst on Sundays there is a simplified pattern in operation - Helensburgh to Edinburgh via Queen St & Balloch to Motherwell via Central LL and Hamilton.
In addition the station is the first (or last) stop for West Highland Line services from Queen Street High Level to and via . The Highland Sleeper service also calls in each direction daily (except Saturday nights southbound & Sunday mornings northbound), giving the station a direct link to/from London Euston via the West Coast Main Line. 

</doc>
<doc id="2928962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928962" title="Bob Symes">
Bob Symes

Bob Symes (sometimes credited-as Robert Symes-Shutzmann or "Bob Symes-Shutzmann") is the stage name of inventor Robert Alexander Baron Schutzmann von Schutzmansdorff (born 6 May 1924), who is known in Britain as a television presenter.
Biography.
Descended from an Austrian aristocratic family, Symes became a familiar face to British TV audiences of the 1980s through his appearance on shows such "Tomorrow's World". In addition to his appearances on "Tomorrow's World", Symes also presented his own "Model World" programme dedicated to the hobby of modelling, on the BBC in the mid 1970s, and co-presented (with Mary-Jean Hasler) a series called "Making Tracks" in the 1990s for the BBC. "Making Tracks" was a series dedicated to little-known lines and networks worldwide, and which specialised in steam operations. Perhaps uniquely, episodes were not filled with background music, thereby allowing viewers to listen to trains running without distraction.
A railway enthusiast, Symes's other activities included setting up the Border Union Railway in the 1970s to try to reopen a disused rail line in Southern Scotland and the north of England and restoring vintage tractors. Around the end of the Second World War, Symes married Monica Chapman who later became Producer of the BBC radio programme "Desert Island Discs" and "Your Concert Choice". In January 2007 he married Sheila Gunn (now Sheila, Baroness Symes Schutzmann von Schutzmansdorff), then Works Manager at Boston Lodge, on the Ffestiniog Railway. His interest in railways also includes model railways such as Gauge 1; he has a gauge 1 railway in his garden that was created in 1980. Many years later, a 10¼ railway was also built in his garden. He is also the president of a Guildford-based model railway circle called Astolat MRC.
Symes was also instrumental in setting up the Institute of Patentees and Inventors. He is also patron of 'Hospital Radio Lion' based at the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford. As of 2014, he lives near Guildford, Surrey, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2928969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928969" title="Mugello region">
Mugello region

Mugello Region is a region and valley in northern Tuscany, in Italy. The city of Mugello is located within it. It is located north of the Province of Florence and city of Florence.
It is connected to the separate Santerno river valley by Futa Pass.
History.
The Mugello valley was settled by a Ligurian tribe known as the Magelli, whence the name. Then the region was occupied by the Etruscans who have left many archeological traces and who built the first road network of Mugello. 
The subsequent Ancient Roman conquest and colonization of the Mugello region dates back to the 4th century BCE. It is not only testified not by several finds such as tombs, coins, walls but also by the toponomastic, e.g. names of places ending with the praedial suffix "-ano" (Latin "-anus") or "-ana": Cerliano, Figliano, Marcoiano, Galliano, Lucignano, etc. 
In the Middle Ages the Mugello area was home to numerous castles.
The Mugello region was later acquired by the Republic of Florence. Several patrician families of the area built villas here, such as those of the Medici including Villa Medicea di Cafaggiolo and Villa Medicea del Trebbio. 
Present day.
Recently a dam was constructed across the Sieve river, forming the reservoir of Lake Bilancino in the Mugello valley.
The Mugello Region gives its name to the Mugello Circuit (), an automobile race track that hosts an annual Moto GP event.

</doc>
<doc id="2928975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928975" title="Julien Dillens">
Julien Dillens

Julien Dillens (8 June 1849 – November 1904) was a Belgian sculptor born in Antwerp, the son of the painter Hendrick Joseph Dillens.
Dillens studied under Eugène Simonis at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts. In 1877 he received the Prix de Rome for "A Gaulish Chief taken Prisoner by the Romans". At Brussels, in 1881, he executed the groups entitled "Justice" and "Herkenbald, the Brussels Brutus".
For the pediment of the orphanage at Uccle, Figure Kneeling (Brussels Gallery), and the statue of the lawyer Hippolyte Metdepenningen in front of the Palais de Justice at Ghent, he was awarded the medal of honor in 1889 at the Paris Universal Exhibition, where, in 1900, his "Two Statues of the Anspach Monument" gained him a similar distinction. For the town of Brussels he executed "The Four Continents" (Maison du Renard, Grand, Place), The Lansquenets crowning the lucarnes of the Maison de Roi, and the Monument at Everard 't Serclaes under the arcades of the Maison de l'Etoile, and, for the Belgian government, Flemish Art, German Art, Classic Art and Art applied to Industry (all in the Centre for Fine Arts, Brussels), "The Laurel" at the Botanical Garden of Brussels, and the statue of Bernard van Orley (Petit Sablon Square, Brussels).
Additional works produced by Dillens include "An Enigma" (1876), the bronze busts of Rogier de la Pasture and P. P. Rubens (1879), "Etruria" (1880), "The Painter Leon Frederic" (1888), Madame Leon Herbo, Hermes, a scheme of decoration for the ogival façade of the hotel de ville at Ghent (1893), The Genius of the Funeral Monument of the Moselli Family, The Silence of Death (for the entrance of the cemetery of St Gilles), two caryatids for the town hall of St Gilles, presentation plaquette to Dr Heger, medals of MM. Godefroid and Vanderkindere and of The Three Burgomasters of Brussels, and the ivories Allegretto, Minerva and the Jamaer Memorial.
Dillens died in Brussels in November 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="2928996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928996" title="Oyez">
Oyez

Oyez (, , , more rarely with the word stress at the beginning) is a traditional interjection said two or three times in succession to introduce the opening of a court of law, especially in Great Britain. The interjection is also traditionally used by town criers to attract the attention of the public to public proclamations.
Until the 18th century, speaking English in an English court of law was not required and one could instead use Law French, a form of French that evolved after the Norman Conquest, when Anglo-Norman became the language of the upper classes in England. "Oyez" descends from the Anglo-Norman "oyez", the plural imperative form of "oyer", from French "ouïr", "to hear"; thus "oyez" means "hear ye" and was used as a call for silence and attention. It would have been common in medieval England.
The term is still in use by the Supreme Court of the United States. At the beginning of each session, the marshal of the Court (Court Crier) announces: "The Honorable, the Chief Justice and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States. Oyez! Oyez! Oyez! All persons having business before the Honorable, the Supreme Court of the United States, are admonished to draw near and give their attention, for the Court is now sitting. God save the United States and this Honorable Court." 
The phrase is also in use in other federal courts, such as the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, as well as the courts of Virginia, North Carolina, and Maryland.
In addition to courts, the word, again repeated thrice, is used by the Common Crier of the City of London while he reads a proclamation dissolving Parliament from the steps of the Royal Exchange in the United Kingdom. Traditionally, a proclamation is delivered to Mansion House from the Privy Council Office, at which point it is given to the Common Crier, who proceeds to read it publicly. These procedures might change as a result of the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2928997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928997" title="Calcio Lecco 1912">
Calcio Lecco 1912

Calcio Lecco 1912 is an Italian football club, based in Lecco, Lombardy.
Lecco currently plays in serie D, having last been in Serie A in 1967.
History.
The club was founded in 1912.
It played 3 seasons (1960–1962, 1966–1967) in Serie A and 10 seasons (1956–1960, 1962–1966, 1967–1968, 1972–1973) in Serie B.
In the 2011–12 season it was relegated from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione/A to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are blue and dark blue.
Former players.
       "Main page: Calcio Lecco players
Former managers.
       "Main page: Calcio Lecco managers

</doc>
<doc id="2928999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928999" title="Bagshot Formation">
Bagshot Formation

In geology, the Bagshot Beds are a series of sands and clays of shallow-water origin, some being fresh-water, some marine. They belong to the upper Eocene formation of the London and Hampshire basins, in England and derive their name from Bagshot Heath in Surrey. They are also well developed in Hampshire, Berkshire and the Isle of Wight. The following divisions are generally accepted:
The lower division consists of pale-yellow, current-bedded sand and loam, with layers of pipeclay and occasional beds of flint pebbles. In the London basin, wherever the junction of the Bagshot beds with the London clay is exposed, it is clear that no sharp line can be drawn between these formations. The Lower Bagshot Beds may be observed at Brentwood, Billericay and High Beach in Essex; outliers, capping hills of London clay, occur at Hampstead, Highgate and Harrow. In Surrey, considerable tracts of London clay are covered by heath-bearing Lower Bagshot Beds, as at Weybridge, Aldershot, Woking etc. The Ramsdell clay, N.W. of Basingstoke, belongs to this formation. In the Isle of Wight, the lower division is well exposed at Alum Bay (660 ft.) and White Cliff Bay (140 ft.). Here it consists of unfossiliferous sands (white, yellow, brown, crimson and every intermediate shade) and clays with layers of lignite and ferruginous sandstone. Similar beds are visible at Bournemouth and in the neighborhood of Poole, Wareham, Corfe Castle and Studland.
The leaf-bearing clays of Alum Bay and Bournemouth are well known and have yielded a large and interesting series of plant remains, including Eucalyptus, Caesalpinia, Populus, Platanus, Sequoia, Aralia, Polypodium, Osmunda, Nipadites and many others. The clays of this formation are of great value for pottery manufacture; they are extensively mined near Wareham and Corfe, whence they are shipped from Poole and are consequently known as 'Poole clays'. Alum was formerly obtained from the clays of Alum Bay; and the lignites have been used as fuel near Corfe and at Bovey. The Bracklesham Beds are sometimes classed with the overlying Barton clay as Middle Bagshot. In the London basin the Barton Beds are unknown. In Surrey and Berkshire, the Bracklesham Beds are from 20 to 50 ft. thick; in Alum Bay they are 100 ft., with beds of lignite in the lower portion; and about here they are sharply marked off from the Barton clay by a bed of conglomerate formed of flint pebbles. The Upper Bagshot Beds, Barton sand and Barton clay, are from 140 to 200 ft. thick in the Isle of Wight. The Agglestone (or Haggerstone) rock and Puckstone rock, near Studland in Dorset are formed of large indurated masses of the Lower Bagshot beds that have resisted the weather; Creechbarrow near Corfe is another striking feature due to the same beds. Many of the sarsen stones or greywethers of S.E. England have been derived from Bagshot strata.

</doc>
<doc id="2929001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929001" title="White-tailed antelope squirrel">
White-tailed antelope squirrel

The white-tailed antelope squirrel, Ammospermophilus leucurus, is a diurnal species of ground squirrel found in arid regions of the southwestern United States and the Baja California Peninsula of northwestern Mexico. 
This species of squirrel has an average home range of , and utilizes approximately in its daily activities.
"Ammospermophilus leucurus" is omnivorous, feeding primarily on foliage (10%-60% of its diet), seeds (20%-50%), arthropods, and to a lesser extent, vertebrates (mainly lizards and rodents; predatory behavior by ground squirrels has been noted). 

</doc>
<doc id="2929002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929002" title="A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome">
A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome

A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome is a work by Samuel Ball Platner, completed by Thomas Ashby after Platner's death, published in 1929, that describes monuments and buildings in the city of Rome, although by and large only if they belong to the classical period. It covers both remains that are still extant and buildings of which not a trace subsists, and collates source documents for each. For fifty or sixty years the standard reference in the field of Roman topography, in which rôle it superseded Rodolfo Lanciani's "Forma Urbis", it has since itself been superseded by a reworking, L. Richardson, Jr.'s "A New Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome", but mostly by the new standard, a completely new work, Eva Margareta Steinby's "Lexicon Topographicum Urbis Romae".

</doc>
<doc id="2929009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929009" title="Clydebank railway station">
Clydebank railway station

Clydebank railway station is a railway station serving the town of Clydebank in Scotland. It is located on the Argyle Line and the North Clyde Line. Passenger services are operated by First ScotRail on behalf of Strathclyde Partnership for Transport.
History.
The station (which was formerly known as "Clydebank Central") dates from 1897, when the North British Railway commissioned a link line from the former Glasgow, Yoker and Clydebank Railway route from through to on the Glasgow, Dumbarton and Helensburgh Railway. It replaced the original GY&CR Clydebank terminus, which was then renamed "Clydebank East" (closed in 1959).
Services.
2008.
The station is staffed part-time and has two platforms on a high level. It is served by 4 to 6 trains per hour:
On a Sunday, trains stop every 30 minutes operating between and Motherwell.
2013.
The basic daytime weekday service from the station is 4 trains per hour each way (15 minute intervals). Eastbound these run alternately to Springburn via Queen St L.L and to Motherwell via Central L.L and ; every second service on the latter route is extended to . Westbound, all services terminate at Dalmuir. In the evenings, the frequency drops to half-hourly but trains run through to Edinburgh via Queen St L.L and eastbound and to Helensburgh Central westbound.
On Sundays, the service is half-hourly each way to Balloch & Motherwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2929013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929013" title="The Age of the Pussyfoot">
The Age of the Pussyfoot

The Age of the Pussyfoot is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl, first published as a novel in 1969. It was originally published as a serial in "Galaxy Science Fiction" in three parts, starting in October 1966.
Inspiration.
The novel was inspired by Pohl's own experiences in a local volunteer fire department and by the early computer time sharing systems, along with advances in medicine, such as transplants, extrapolated to the point where anyone with enough money can command huge resources and essentially live forever. There are some unusual social consequences of these advances, however.
Plot summary.
Charles Dalgleish Forrester is revived from cryopreservation in the year 2527, having been killed in a fire 500 years earlier. Thanks to his insurance, after the expenses of his revival are paid he has a quarter of a million dollars, a fortune in his eyes. He can afford the luxuries of 26th century life, such as a Joymaker, a scepter-like portable computer terminal with some extra features like a drug dispenser.
After a heavy night partying, with some distant memory of an argument with somebody, he wakes in his new apartment, and over a 20th-century breakfast, checks in with his Joymaker. The Joymaker communicates by voice, and addresses him always as "Man Forrester". He is informed that he has a message from a woman whose name he doesn't recognize, and that someone called Heinzlichen Jura de Syrtis Major has taken out a hunting license on him. Baffled, he eventually encounters the woman from the party who he believes is called Tip. She maintains she is Adne Bensen, the woman whose messages he has been ignoring. Apparently she got on so well with Forrester that she is ready to begin a relationship. She takes him back to her apartment, where he finds she has two children, around 8 years old, who seem somewhat precocious for their years. With names like "Tunt" and "Mim" flying around, he mistakenly assumes those are the children's names, baffling them when he uses them that way.
Later Forrester encounters Heinzlichen with a few friends, who without much ado beat him up so badly he goes to the hospital. It transpires that Heinzlichen's hunting license allows him to kill Forrester providing he pays for the revival, and the whole vendetta is over some insult at the party, which Forrester can barely remember. It's possible Forrester trod on Heinzlichen's foot. Since Heinzlichen is from the human colonies on Mars and is adapted to low gravity, this is a major "faux pas".
Mistake follows on mistake, compounding confusion. Forrester comes to believe that Adne is attempting to entrap him in fatherhood, presumably for his money, when she leaves a message saying that "we have to choose a name". He is equally disdainful of a friend who keeps asking him to join his Club, expecting that also to be just a ruse to get at his money.
Eventually Adne sets him straight. Firstly, he'll be broke soon because, unbeknownst to him, all the 20th century foods he likes are very expensive, as are all the other Joymaker functions he enjoys. He needs to get a high-paying job. Secondly, the "name" she was asking about was a "reciprocal name," one used only between two close friends or intimates. Each uses it only to address the other, as "Tunt" was the children's name for each other, and "Mim" was the name used between Adne and the children. Tip was the name she and another close friend used, so Forrester could not use it. The friend wanting Forrester to join his Club was in fact offering him a paying position in the organization, though Forrester is not sure he likes what the Club stands for.
However, Forrester's woes are not over. He first takes a high-paying job for what turns out to be an alien life form. The alien is known to all as a Sirian, but only because that's the star system in which he was captured (Sirius). Earth is in a state of preparation for a Sirian attack it is expecting. When the alien ship was first encountered, the Earth ship shot first and asked questions later. The only thing stopping an attack, it is believed, is that the Sirian's home world population has no idea where Earth is. The captured Sirians live on Earth in a state of virtual house arrest, with their movements restricted and monitored. 
Forrester's job is to be the Sirian's guide to Earth culture and history, and is paid handsomely for it. Unfortunately Adne and the others shun him for working for the alien.
The Sirian asks many questions about seemingly arbitrary topics of human history. When Forrester fails to respond to one of the Sirian's requests in time, he is promptly fired by the Sirian.
He then takes a high-paying job which is an apparent sinecure, watching over some machinery, until he learns that all the previous holders of the post are in cryopreservation after being blasted with radiation. Against the warnings of the Joymaker, he quits in the middle of a shift. In this time, this is a huge error, and all his funds are taken in fines. He is reduced to nothing, and forced to live with all the other bums on Skid Row.
The existence is actually quite comfortable. Nobody can afford a Joymaker, but rich people pass through doling out money to 26th century panhandlers, and there are cash-only eating places with coin-operated Joymakers at the tables. However, there are also people looking for thrills on the cheap, wanting to kill someone without having to pay for the revival. After a near miss, he runs into the Sirian again, who drugs and hypnotizes him. Under the delusion that he is helping Adne take a trip, Forrester places the Sirian in control of a spacecraft.
The ship heads into space and escapes, but not before the whole world learns that the alien escaped, though not Forrester's role in the affair. The entire human population goes into a panic. Most commit suicide in order to hide in the cryopreservation banks. Heinzlichen comes after Forrester one more time, and Forrester kills him. This was simply Heinzlichen's way of getting into the freezer. Eventually Forrester is almost alone.
At this point the Club he had been asked to join goes into action. They are a 26th-century version of Luddites and are bent on dismantling the world's technological base by subverting central computing systems, believing this will improve human welfare. Ominously, they are "helped" by the Sirians in doing so. In the end, medical technicians and the Luddites are the only people left awake. Forrester learns about the conspiracy of the Luddites. Forrester cannot reach the technicians because all the computer terminals have been programmed against him. His only hope is to kill himself. He walks up to one of the automated medics, and cuts his throat.
Fortunately the medic, reacting to its programming to save lives over that set up by the Luddites, gets him to a medical facility in time, and he is able to abort the revolution. Eventually people start being revived, and he is reunited with Adne.
See also.
See Joymaker for notes on similarities between Pohl's ideas and 21st century devices like cellphones and PDAs

</doc>
<doc id="2929014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929014" title="Euphorbia antisyphilitica">
Euphorbia antisyphilitica

Euphorbia antisyphilitica is a species of spurge that is native to the Trans-Pecos of Texas and southern New Mexico in the United States as well as Chihuahua, Coahuila, Hidalgo, and Querétaro in Mexico. Common names include Candelilla and Wax Plant, but the latter is more often applied to members of the unrelated genus "Hoya". It is shrubby and has densely clustered, erect, essentially leafless stems that are covered in wax to prevent transpiration.
Uses.
The white sap of "E. antisyphilitica" was historically used in Mexico to treat sexually-transmitted diseases. Commercial harvesting of candelilla wax began at the start of the twentieth century, with demand greatly increasing during World War I and II. This industry largely disappeared following the end of World War II due to diminished Candelilla populations and the availability of cheaper petroleum-based waxes.
Cultivation.
Candelilla is gaining in popularity as a landscape plant in parts of the arid southwest. It is popular for the following reasons:

</doc>
<doc id="2929015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929015" title="Programmed to Love">
Programmed to Love

Programmed to Love is the debut album from the electronica chillout duo Bent, released in 2000. The album contains various styles of electronica music and samples.
Release.
The album was released in several versions. According to AMG, the European version of the album was released 5 September 2000, while amazon.com claims that a "new version (import)", which supposedly means the European version, was released August 2 that same year. The American version was released 23 October 2001. Confusingly, AMG uses the American tracklist in the album article, although they use the European cover art and supposed release date. Some versions also contain a track called "Chocolate Wings".

</doc>
<doc id="2929017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929017" title="California State Route 47">
California State Route 47

State Route 47 (SR 47) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California, connecting Terminal Island to the mainland in the Los Angeles area. From its south end at I-110 in San Pedro, it heads east across the Vincent Thomas Bridge to the island and the end of state maintenance. The state highway begins again at the junction with I-710 on Terminal Island, crossing the Schuyler Heim Bridge north to the mainland and the second terminus, where SR 103 begins. Signage continues along a locally maintained route, mainly Alameda Street, to the Gardena Freeway (SR 91) in Compton, and an unconstructed alignment follows the same corridor to the Santa Monica Freeway (I-10) near downtown Los Angeles.
The entire route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System, and both constructed segments are freeways, officially known as parts of the Seaside Freeway (which continues to SR 1 via I-710) and Terminal Island Freeway (which continues to SR 1 via SR 103). However, there are several at-grade intersections along the gap on Terminal Island, and Alameda Street is a surface roadway, albeit one with few intersections, as it runs alongside the Alameda Corridor rail line.
Route description.
State Route 47 begins at the south end of the Harbor Freeway (I-110) in the Los Angeles neighborhood of San Pedro and heads east to the Vincent Thomas Bridge, with only one interchange - at Harbor Boulevard - before the 1963 suspension bridge over the main channel of Los Angeles Harbor. After coming back to ground level on Terminal Island, SR 47 becomes the locally-maintained Seaside Avenue at the interchange with Ferry Street, where there was a toll plaza until 2000. The freeway ends just beyond at Navy Way, after which the road enters Long Beach and becomes Ocean Boulevard, which was rebuilt as a freeway in 2007. However, SR 47 must exit the freeway onto its frontage roads, intersecting Henry Ford Avenue before turning north onto the Terminal Island Freeway. Ocean Boulevard leads east over the Gerald Desmond Bridge and becomes Interstate 710, with access to downtown Long Beach.
State maintenance begins again on the Terminal Island Freeway, which is also signed as State Route 103. After a partial interchange with New Dock Street, only allowing access to and from the north, SR 47 crosses the Cerritos Channel on the Schuyler Heim Bridge, a lift bridge opened in 1948. Just beyond the bridge, SR 47 leaves the freeway, which continues northeast as SR 103, onto Henry Ford Avenue, and state maintenance ends. The remainder of what is signed as SR 47, along Henry Ford Avenue and Alameda Street to the Redondo Beach Freeway (SR 91), is locally maintained. Henry Ford Avenue quickly crosses the Dominguez Channel and Anaheim Street, and merges with Alameda Street, which continues southwest into Wilmington as a local street. 
Alameda Street.
The part of Alameda Street rebuilt during the Alameda Corridor project begins here, and the roadway passes under all cross streets - Pacific Coast Highway (SR 1), Sepulveda Boulevard, 223rd Street (at the San Diego Freeway/I-405 interchange), Carson Street, Del Amo Boulevard, and Artesia Boulevard (at the Redondo Beach Freeway/SR 91 interchange) - with two-way connector ramps. The one major at-grade intersection here is the split with Santa Fe Avenue north of Del Amo Boulevard, just south of the underpass where Alameda Street moves from the east to the west side of the rail line. (Before the corridor was built, the crossover was further south, at Dominguez Street, halfway between Carson Street and Del Amo Boulevard.)
North of Artesia Boulevard, the rail line descends into the 10-mile (16 km) Mid-Corridor Trench, with two streets straddling it at ground level: Alameda Street to the west and a local frontage road to the east. All cross streets are thus grade-separated from the rail line while intersecting the streets at grade, except for Rosecrans Avenue, which bridges over all three. Crossings along this segment include the Century Freeway (I-105, no access), Imperial Highway, Firestone Boulevard (former SR 42), and Slauson Avenue. Just south of 25th Street, the rail line curves northeast out of the trench, and the two roadways join to become a single Alameda Street, which soon interchanges with the Santa Monica Freeway (I-10), at the north end of what is legislated as Route 47. The street continues north through the east side of downtown Los Angeles, crossing the Santa Ana Freeway (US 101) just west of Union Station, and ending soon after at Elmyra Street, where it becomes Spring Street. In addition, it also passes the Little Tokyo/Arts District, Union, and Chinatown stations; all of which are served by the LACMTA Gold Line, and the Union Station is also served by the Red and Purple lines, as well as Metrolink and Amtrak.
History.
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors decided in mid-1916, at the urging of the Harbor Truck Highway Association (formed mid-1914), to build a Harbor Truck Boulevard stretching about 10 miles (15 km) between Los Angeles and Compton, intended to be used by trucks to the Port of Los Angeles at San Pedro. After that portion was completed, an extension to Wilmington was opened on February 2, 1924, resulting in a completely independent truck route to the port. This roadway, which lay about halfway between Wilmington Avenue and Long Beach Boulevard, extended the existing Alameda Street, which ran along—to Slauson Avenue—and then west of the Southern Pacific Railroad's San Pedro Branch to Oris Street, the north limit of Compton. The truck boulevard continued along the west side to Dominguez Street (lying between the SP's San Pedro Branch and Pacific Electric Railway's Dominguez Line beyond Dominguez Junction), and crossed there to the east side for the rest of the route to Anaheim Street in Wilmington. There trucks could turn east and south to Terminal Island via Henry Ford Avenue, or continue southwest through Wilmington to San Pedro. The highway soon came to be known as Alameda Street all the way to Wilmington. It did not become a state highway; instead the state took over Figueroa Street (SR 11) to the west and Atlantic Avenue (SR 15) to the east.
Plans for freeways in Los Angeles County evolved from a 1937 Automobile Club of Southern California plan, which was modified by the city's Transportation Engineering Board (TEB) in 1939. The former included a single freeway connecting Los Angeles to Long Beach, beginning at Pasadena and heading south-southwest to Lynwood, then paralleling Long Beach Boulevard to Long Beach. The TEB's plan shifted this route farther east to near the present Long Beach Freeway, while keeping the route near Long Beach Boulevard as a second freeway leaving the Ramona Parkway (San Bernardino Freeway) east of downtown and heading south near Alameda Street and Long Beach Boulevard to Long Beach. This second freeway came to be known as the Long Beach Parkway or Alamitos Parkway, and connected in north Long Beach with a Terminal Island Freeway southwest to Terminal Island. Because the Long Beach Naval Shipyard was located on the island, the U.S. Navy paid for the construction of the $14 million freeway from the island to Willow Street, including the $5.3 million Schuyler Heim Lift Bridge. Construction began in early 1946, and the completed link was dedicated on January 10, 1948, replacing the older Henry Ford Bridge.
Early plans also included a north–south freeway on each side of the Los Angeles Central Business District, splitting at the merge of the Harbor Parkway (Harbor Freeway) and Venice Parkway northeast of the University of Southern California, and rejoining at the split between the Arroyo Seco Parkway (Pasadena Freeway) and Riverside Parkway south of Dodger Stadium. Initially known as the East By-Pass and West By-Pass, the latter later became part of the Harbor Parkway, while the former remained as a separate route roughly along Main Street. The state legislature added the East By-Pass to the state highway system in 1947 as Route 222. The Los Angeles City Planning Commission approved a revised master plan in mid-1955, based on various studied that had been made. A new Industrial Freeway replaced the Terminal Island Freeway and Alamitos Parkway between Terminal Island and downtown Los Angeles, where it then continued north along the former East By-Pass (which was not kept south of the Santa Monica Freeway) and the southern part of the Riverside Parkway to the interchange of the Glendale Freeway and Golden State Freeway (which had replaced the rest of the Riverside Parkway). The Industrial Freeway south of the Santa Monica Freeway became Route 270 in 1959,
In the 1964 renumbering, the Industrial Freeway became Route 47, and the former East By-Pass became Route 241. The latter was deleted the next year, and the former was extended west from its south end on Terminal Island to San Pedro, replacing part of SR 7, which was truncated to SR 1 in Long Beach at the same time. (I-710, which later replaced SR 7, has since been re-extended to SR 47 on Terminal Island.) This extension, which had been added to the state highway system in 1949 as part of Route 231, included the 1963 Vincent Thomas Bridge. Construction on the $5.8 million freeway link from that bridge west to the Harbor Freeway in San Pedro—officially the Seaside Freeway, but called an extension of the Harbor Freeway by the media—began in March 1968, and it was dedicated on July 9, 1970. The two parts of SR 47 were, and still are, connected by the Los Angeles-maintained Seaside Avenue and Long Beach-maintained Ocean Boulevard. (A freeway upgrade of the latter was completed in June 2007, but traffic signals remain on the former and on the ramps connecting Ocean Boulevard with the Terminal Island Freeway.)
Early maps show that the Terminal Island Freeway was to extend north to the Long Beach Freeway (I-710) near the San Diego Freeway (I-405), but the location for SR 47 adopted by the California Highway Commission on January 22, 1969 led northwest from the Terminal Island Freeway's end at Carson Street to I-405 near Alameda Street, and then paralleled that street into Los Angeles. A 1982 state law specified that SR 47 shall use Henry Ford Avenue and Alameda Street between the Heim Bridge and the Redondo Beach Freeway (SR 91), rather than the adopted alignment to the east, and in 1984 the legislature created State Route 103 to replace the former alignment on the Terminal Island Freeway between SR 47 and the Pacific Coast Highway (SR 1). Due to the cancellation of the Industrial Freeway and planned port expansions, the Alameda Corridor project was created, including an improved rail line and a widening of Alameda Street from four to six lanes south of SR 91. Alameda Street was rebuilt for the project, with grade separations at most major streets south of SR 91, and is now signed as part of SR 47 there, but remains mostly four lanes. As part of a project to replace the Heim Bridge, Caltrans and the Alameda Corridor Transportation Authority plan to improve the connection near the south end of Alameda Street, possibly by building a new expressway replacement for SR 47 south of SR 1, or by extending SR 103 northwest via the originally-planned alignment to Alameda Street south of I-405.

</doc>
<doc id="2929018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929018" title="Bhau Daji">
Bhau Daji

Bhau Daji Lad (Ramakrishna Vitthal Lad) (1822–74) was an Indian physician, Sanskrit scholar, and an antiquary, of the Marathi community, who hailed from a little village in Goa called Parsem who later moved to Mumbai. He was born in 1822 in Mandrem, Goa.
Medical career.
Dr. Bhau's career is a striking instance of great results arising from small accidents. An Englishman, noticing his acumen at chess convinced his father to give the boy an English education.
Bhau moved to Mumbai and completed his schooling at the Elphinstone Institution. Around this time he won a prize for writing an essay on infanticide, and was appointed a teacher in the Elphinstone Institution. He then studied medicine at the Grant Medical College. He belonged to the class of 1850, the first graduating batch of the college.
In 1851, he started practising medicine in Mumbai and became very successful. He studied the Sanskrit literature of medicine. He also tested the value of drugs to which the ancient Hindus had ascribed marvellous powers, among other pathological subjects of historical interest investigating that of leprosy.
Educationist.
Being an ardent promoter of education, he was appointed a member of the board of education in Mumbai. He was one of the original fellows of the University of Bombay. He was the first president of native origin, of the Students' Literary and Scientific Society. He was the champion of the cause of female education. A girls' school was founded in his name, for which an endowment was provided by his friends and admirers.
Political career.
He took great and active interest in the political developments happening in India. The Bombay Association and the Bombay branch of the East Indian Association owe their existence to his ability and exertions. In honour of Dr. Bhau Daji, a road is named after him at King's Circle in Matunga, Mumbai. He was twice chosen sheriff of Mumbai, once in 1869 and again in 1871.
Research.
Various scientific societies in England, France, Germany and the United States conferred their membership on him. He contributed numerous papers to the journal of the Bombay branch of the Royal Asiatic Society.
Hobbies.
He amassed a large collection of rare ancient Indian coins. He studied Indian antiquities, deciphering inscriptions and ascertaining the dates and history of ancient Sanskrit authors. He died in May 1874.
The Mumbai Victoria & Albert Museum was renamed after him in 1975, and stands testimony to his contribution to the field of arts and heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="2929029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929029" title="Yoker railway station">
Yoker railway station

Yoker railway station is an unstaffed station which serves the district of Yoker in Scotland. The station is in Clydebank in West Dunbartonshire but it is very near the boundary with Glasgow.
Access can be gained from either side of the station, or onto the footbridge that is directly connected to the overpass.
The station is served by First ScotRail as part of the SPT network. It is located on the Argyle Line and the North Clyde Line.
It is the nearest railway station to the Renfrew Ferry on the north side of the River Clyde.
The large Yoker Traction Maintenance Depot, which looks after the EMU fleet used on North Clyde suburban services, is located a short distance to the south (between here and ). Yoker IECC is also nearby - this has controlled the signalling on the entire North Clyde network since 1989.
Services.
There is a basic weekdays & Saturday daytime service of 4tph (every 15 minutes) in each direction, northbound to via Clydebank and southbound to . From here alternate services run via Queen Street Low Level to and via Central Low Level to via (2tph to each route). Every second Motherwell service extends to . 
In the evenings & all day Sunday, there is a half-hourly service in operation - evening trains run between and Edinburgh Waverley via Queen St & and Sunday trains between & Motherwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2929032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929032" title="Lyot filter">
Lyot filter

A Lyot filter, named for its inventor Bernard Lyot, is a type of optical filter that uses birefringence to produce a narrow passband of transmitted wavelengths. Lyot filters are often used in astronomy, particularly for solar astronomy.
A Lyot filter is made from one or more birefringent plates (usually quartz), with (in multi-plate filters) each plate being half the thickness of the previous one. Because the plates are birefringent, the "ordinary" and "extraordinary" polarization components of a light beam experience a different refractive index and thus have a different phase velocity. Therefore, the polarization state of light with an arbitrary wavelength will in general be modified after a passage through the filter plate, and this causes a loss of optical power in a subsequent polarizer. For certain wavelengths, however, the optical path length difference is an integer multiple of the wavelength, so that the losses are very small. By rotating the plates, one can shift the wavelengths of the transmission peaks. 
Each stage of a Lyot filter is 1/2 the size of the preceding stage. The largest stage sets the bandwidth and the smallest stage sets the Free Spectral Range. If you use two of the second largest crystals it will increase the contrast of the desired line. If you split the crystals in half and add a 1/2 waveplates in the middle you can increase the field of view of the filter. The separation and narrowness of the transmission peaks depends on the number, thicknesses, and orientation of the plates.
If electrically tunable birefringent elements are inserted (liquid crystal or electrooptic), then we obtain an "Electrically Tunable Lyot Filter". Liquid crystal tunable filters allow analogue tuning of the transmitted wavelength by carefully adjusting the voltage over the liquid crystal cells. Often these filters are based on the original Lyot design, but many other designs exist in order to achieve either narrow or broad band transmission, polarization selectivity, etc.
Single and multi-plate Lyot filters are often used inside the optical cavity of lasers to allow tuning of the laser. In this case, Brewster losses from the plate and other intracavity elements are usually sufficient to produce the polarizing effect and no additional polarizers are required. Although their mechanisms are different, modelocking lasers and Lyot-filter lasers both produce a comb of multiple wavelengths which can be placed on the ITU grid for Dense Wave Division Multiplexing (DWDM) or used to give each suburban home its own return-signal laser wavelength in a passive optical network (PON) used to provide FTTH (Fiber To The Home).

</doc>
<doc id="2929037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929037" title="Grendel (band)">
Grendel (band)

Grendel is a Dutch music group formed in 1997. Their music is in the Aggrotech genre. Their name originates from "Beowulf".
Not to be confused with the Finnish power metal band or Australian Heavy Metal band of the same name.
History.
Grendel was formed in 2000 by VLRK (aka JD Tucker) and released its first promo CD, which included the European dance hit, "Strangers". Soon after Grendel began receiving requests for live shows and FLRS (aka Floris Noordman) joined the band, performing live synthesizing and engineering duties. Grendel was signed by the German record label NoiTekk — a sub-division of Black Rain — which released their first studio album, "Inhumane Amusement", an expanded and remastered version of their demo CD.
The "End of Ages" EP was released in 2002 and included remixes of the title track by Feindflug, Arzt+Pfusch and God Module.
In 2003 Grendel recorded their second full-length release, "Prescription: Medicide". It was album of the month in a.o. Zillo and Orkus, and reached very high positions in underground charts worldwide, including number 1 position for several months on the Dutch Underground Charts. It included a cover version of Zombie Nation's Kernkraft 400. Soon after the recording of this album FLRS left the band and was replaced by 4N1T4.
In 2005 Grendel recorded an EP entitled "Soilbleed", including a second cover version of "Kernkraft 400" entitled "Zombienation V.2k5". Problems relating to copyright clearance of the title track resulted in the re-release of the EP as "Soilbleed Redux", with the track in question having been replaced by a cover of Leæther Strip's "Don't Tame Your Soul." Two new tracks were also added, "One.Eight.Zero" and a remix of "One.Eight.Zero" by Life Cried. The song features heavily sampling from the movie Full Metal Jacket.
2006 saw another line up change: 4N1T4 left on amicable terms due to personal choices while M4RC (aka Marc Martinez - formerly of Terrorfakt, Manufactura and Caustic), was recruited as live drummer and MRK0 (aka Marco Visconti - of XP8) was added as a live keyboardist.
Also in 2006, VLRK and new members found time to work on their third full length album entitled "Harsh Generation". This album marked new territory for the band, which a more matured sound and style, gaining more support and success & taking them to the top of the genre. After its release in early 2007, this album remained on top 5 positions (often peaking at no. 3) on the DAC and GEWC and remained there for maximum periods of time.
Due to the success of this album, Grendel spent the following years touring intensively worldwide and drawing increasingly larger audiences.
Eventually, in 2009, the "Chemicals + Circuitry" EP was written & recorded. This turned out to be a slight diversion from the band's familiar sound, exploring different sounds and styles. The response to their new album was positive, and Grendel again reached the top 5 position in the charts (DAC, GEWC, DUC, etc.), becoming a staple record for EBM/Industrial DJs across the globe.
In 2009 MRK0 Marco Visconti decided to leave the band for personal reasons. He has since been replaced by (aka Sascha Pniok of the band Schallfaktor), who had previously also been filling in on keyboard since late 2008.
In 2011 4DD2 Adam Milner joined ranks with the band on electric guitar and Kitara (Misa Digital instrument).
And most recently, in 2012, Grendel released the "Timewave : Zero" album. This album is both a return to their signature sound and taking on various influences from contemporary EDM styles, such as Trance, Complex Electro and House. All of this together has created the most mature Grendel sound to date and has gained highly positive feedback from both fans and media, scoring top positions in the DAC, GEWC, mailorder sales charts and more.
In 2012 M4RC left the band.
In this same year, Mel Allezbleu joined the band on keys and backing vocals.
In July 2013 Grendel performed at the Amphi Festival in Cologne, Germany along with the likes of Funker Vogt, Suicide Commando and VNV Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="2929042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929042" title="Caspar Aquila">
Caspar Aquila

Caspar Aquila (sometimes Kaspar or Gaspar Aquila, Caspari Aquilae, etc.; 7 August 1488 – 12 November 1560), born Johann Kaspar Adler, was a German reformer.
Biography.
He was born at Augsburg, and educated there, at Ulm (1502), in Italy (he met Erasmus in Rome), at Bern (1508), and studied theology in Leipzig (1510) and Wittenberg (1513). According to his son, he entered the ministry in August 1514, while at Bern. He was for some time a military chaplain.
In 1516, he became pastor of Jengen, near Augsburg, where he introduced ideas of the Reformation. Openly proclaiming his adhesion to Martin Luther's doctrine, he was imprisoned for half a year (1520 or 1522) at Dillingen, by order of the bishop of Augsburg; a death sentence was commuted to banishment through the influence of Isabella, wife of Christian II of Denmark and sister of Charles V. Returning to Wittenberg, he met Luther, and acted as tutor to the sons of Franz von Sickingen at Ebernburg castle. After the siege of the Ebernburg by Richard Greiffenklau, the archbishop of Trier, on 6 June 1523, he returned to Wittenberg to teach Hebrew, and aided Luther in his version of the Old Testament.
The dates and particulars of his career are uncertain until 1527, when he became pastor at Saalfeld, an office which Luther procured for him. In 1528, he was superintendent. He wrote "Christliche Bedenken auf das Interim" (Christian thoughts on the Interim, 1548), and "Das Interim illuminiert" (The Interim illuminated, 1548) in vehement opposition to the Augsburg Interim, and a warrant was put on his head by Charles V. This led him to take temporary shelter at Rudolstadt with Catherine, countess of Schwarzburg. In 1550, he was appointed dean of the Collegiatstift in Schmalkalden. Here he had a controversy with Andreas Osiander. Restored to Saalfeld after the peace of Passau, not without opposition, in 1552, he remained there, still engaged in controversy, until his death at Saalfeld.
He was twice married, and left four sons.
Works.
He published numerous sermons, a few Old Testament expositions and some controversial tracts. Besides the works mentioned above, other notable titles are:

</doc>
<doc id="2929043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929043" title="MONEE Project">
MONEE Project

UNICEF launched the MONEE Project (MONitoring Eastern Europe, officially called “Public Policies and Social Conditions: Monitoring the Transition in Central and Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States") in 1992 to secure evidence-based feedback on the social impact of market reforms, and to advise countries undergoing rapid political, economic and social change on financial policy. Eight Regional Monitoring Reports (RMRs) were produced by the Innocenti Research Centre between 1993 and 2001, targeting decision-makers, their advisers, academics, professionals and the general audience. 
Reports produced.
Each Report provides a summary review of the social impact of the economic, political and demographic changes since 1989 and an in-depth analysis of some key thematic issues: family support policies; nutrition, mortality and health; and poverty. RMR 4 offers a framework for assessing and supporting children at risk and those left without parental care, RMR 5 focuses on education, RMR 6 on women, RMR 7 on youth. RMR 8 looks at the turbulent first ten years of the transition. The tradition, facilities, networks, and expectations created by the project have been used since 2002 to produce Innocenti’s new annual ‘Social Monitor’ series, which follows up how the benefits of economic recovery are being shared in the region. 
Budget.
The Project had an annual budget of US$0.7 million (including also staff posts) covering 27 CEE/CIS countries. The Reports were written by a core staff of 3-5 people at Innocenti, using input and data from a network of focal points in each central statistical office in the region and from other policy consultants; altogether about 40-50 people. 
Results.
The Project had many results and a variety of outputs (including a stand-alone database, additional research papers, technical support for conferences, website summaries of focus group discussions with young people etc.) The key results were:
Constraints.
Difficulties included establishing direct contact with statistical agencies in a very few countries; these were overcome with UNICEF field support. While many offices were using project outcomes and networks for advocacy and for programme planning in optimal ways, some others were showing less interest, which hindered project outreach. In several countries no UNICEF offices existed in the field (e.g. Poland, Hungary, Slovenia, and Bulgaria); in these countries National Committees were involved in advocacy, often with excellent results. In some countries (e.g. Russia, Ukraine, Belarus) UNICEF offices were established only after 1997, when the Regional Office for CEE/CIS/Baltics was created. 
The MONEE project has demonstrated that by creating a regional monitoring, analytical and advocacy facility, UNICEF can repeatedly and substantially increase awareness on how economic and social policies impact children, women and families and influence how others, including national governments, civil society organizations or the World Bank use their resources and develop their programmes and interventions in a great number of countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2929046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929046" title="A.S.D. Legnano Calcio 1913">
A.S.D. Legnano Calcio 1913

A.S.D. Legnano Calcio 1913 is an Italian football club, based in Legnano, Lombardy, that was founded in 1913. The team's colors were lilac and white. In the past Legnano have played three seasons in Italy's top league, Serie A, finishing bottom of the league each time.
The club were perhaps best known as the starting place for Italy's all-time top scorer, Luigi Riva.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 1913 as Associazione Calcio Legnano.
Several notable players appeared for Legnano in their early years; goalkeeper Angelo Cameroni was called up to the Italian national side in 1920, he was the first Legnano player to achieve this. Luigi Allemandi played four seasons with the club from 1921 onwards, until he was bought by Italian giants Juventus. He later won the World Cup with Italy at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
Serie A: Club at their peak.
Legnano first gained access to Serie A for the 1930–31 season, the previous year they had finished as runners up in Serie B. The first match at the top level of Italian football was the shocking 2–1 defeat of Italy's oldest club; Genoa C.F.C.
Unfortunately for Legnano, they finished bottom of the table that season and were relegated; other notable results however were a 1–1 draw with eventual runners up; A.S. Roma and a 2–1 defeat of S.S.C. Napoli in Naples.
Left-winger Emilio Caprile was called up by "the azzurri", to play in two international games during 1948, he became the first Legnano played to score for Italy with a goal in each match.
Slide down the Italian league.
After their last relegation in from Serie A in 1953–54, the club have gradually declined. First they came close to promotion back into the league with a 3rd position in B, but two years later they were relegated down to Serie C.
Legnano spent 18 years in a row competing in Serie C, only able to finish as high as 5th in that time (they achieved this three times). 1974–75 saw the club slump down in Serie D, this was soon rectified as coach Luciano Sassi pulled the club back into Serie C2 with a runners up spot in 1977–78.
Giovanni Mari lifts Legnano.
Giovanni Mari took over as club president in 1979 and under him, Legnano would achieve the championship of Serie C2, this was the first time A.C. Legnano had finished first position in any league since 1919. The club's stadium was later named Stadio Giovanni Mari in honour of the man.
The refoundation.
Following bankruptcy in 2010, Legnano subsequently folded. 
It was refounded on July 15, 2011 as A.S.D. Legnano Calcio 1913 and was admitted to Group N of Prima Categoria Lombardy in the 2011-12 season. The club was promoted to Group A of Promozione Lombardy. 
The club went successive second promotion after finishing champions of Group A of Promozione Lombardy next season and promoted to Group A of Eccellenza Lombardy.
Staff.
Presidential history.
Over the years Legnano has had various owners, chairmen or presidential figures; here is a chronological list of the known presidents;
Honours.
Serie B
Serie C2

</doc>
<doc id="2929047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929047" title="2005 Governor General's Awards">
2005 Governor General's Awards

The nominees for the 2005 Governor General's Awards for Literary Merit were announced on October 17. Winning titles were announced on November 16. The winners received a cheque for $15,000 and a specially crafted copy of their book bound by master bookbinder Lise Dubois.

</doc>
<doc id="2929054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929054" title="Joe Brolly">
Joe Brolly

Joe Brolly (; born 25 June 1969) is an Irish barrister, Gaelic football analyst and former player from Dungiven, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. Brolly played for Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s and was part of the their first ever All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning side in 1993 and also won two Ulster Senior Football Championships and four National League titles. He also won two All Star Awards during his career.
Brolly played club football for St Canice's Dungiven for most of his career, before transferring to St Brigid's GAC in Belfast. With Dungiven he won two Derry Senior Football Championships and one Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
He usually played as right corner forward and was renowned for his accurate point-taking, goal-scoring ability, pace and ability to take on opponents. He was also known for his goal celebration of blowing kisses to the crowd, and had his nose broken twice during his career immediately after scoring goals.
Since retiring he has fashioned a niche in television punditry, becoming "the most lippy and articulate pundit on Irish television", and at various stages irking entire counties, including most of Ulster, Cork, Kerry, and in 2012 being dubbed "the Salman Rushdie of County Mayo".
Personal and professional life.
Brolly is the son of noted traditional singer and Limavady Sinn Féin councillor Anne Brolly. His father Francie, also a traditional musician, played Gaelic football for Derry in the 1960s, and was later a Sinn Féin councillor and MLA. Joe Brolly is also the first cousin of Derry player Liam Hinphey and Monaghan player Vincent Corey, and second cousin to Tyrone footballers Colm and Plunkett Donaghy. Joe's brother-in-law Ciaran Heron plays hurling for Antrim.
Brolly was a boarder in Saint Patrick's Grammar School, Armagh. He played basketball for Ireland as a schoolboy. After school he went to Trinity College, Dublin, before doing a postgraduate course at Queen's University Belfast. He was a prominent member of the Dublin University Central Athletic Club (DUCAC) in his Trinity days, and became a member of the student executive. He is married and has five children.
As a barrister he has specialised in criminal matters and has defended Irish republicans in court. He was involved in a UK Supreme Court case in 2011 that established a right to compensation for a miscarriage of justice without the requirement to prove the innocence of the wrongly convicted person (in this instance the Derry republicans Eamonn McDermott and Raymond McCartney).
He also works as a journalist, writing a column for "Gaelic Life" and the "Ireland Mail on Sunday". A radio and television football pundit, he is a regular on the long-running RTÉ programme "The Sunday Game".
Playing career.
County.
Brolly made his Derry Senior debut against Cavan in the 1990 National League. In 1993 he was part of the Derry side that won the Ulster Championship and the county's first All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. His All Stars Award recognition surprisingly came in the relatively barren years of 1996 and 1997. He was top scorer in the 1997 Ulster Championship with 3–15 (24 points). Brolly added a second Ulster Senior Football Championship in 1998, in the final of which he scored the clinching goal in the last minute. Derry won the National Football League four times in a nine-year period from 1992 to 2000 (1992, 1995, 1996, 2000), with Brolly being part of all four. Brolly and Derry finished runners-up to Offaly in the 1998 National League decider.
Club.
As a 21-year-old, Brolly was part of Dungiven's Derry Senior Football Championship success in 1991. Brolly won another Derry Championship medal in 1997, and also won the Ulster Club Championship. He was top scorer in that year's Derry Championship with 1–25 (28 points) and was man of the match in the final at Celtic Park.
He played for St Brigid's GAC in Belfast when it won the Antrim Intermediate Football Championship. In 2006 St Brigid's became the first GAA club to play against the Police Service of Northern Ireland Gaelic football team. In 2009 Brolly broke his leg while playing in a challenge match against Cookstown. St Brigid's reached that year's Antrim Senior Football Championship semi-final, but were defeated after a replay by a point by Portglenone.
College.
It was in the Sigerson Cup that Joe Brolly first appeared on the national stage. He won his only inter-varsity medal in 1992, as a member of Queen's victorious Ryan Cup team.
Hurling.
Brolly played hurling for local club Kevin Lynch's when they won Division 2 of the All-Ireland Féile na nGael in 1982.
Coaching career.
Brolly helped out with the Antrim team that finished runners-up in the 2007 Tommy Murphy Cup and winners of the 2008 competition.
Honours.
County.
Sunday Game pundit of the year 2006–2012
Individual.
Note: The above lists may be incomplete. Please add any other honours you know of.

</doc>
<doc id="2929061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929061" title="Pascack Brook">
Pascack Brook

Pascack Brook is a tributary of the Hackensack River in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
Pascack Brook forms a region known as the Pascack Valley. The brook is dammed to form the Woodcliff Lake Reservoir in the town of Woodcliff Lake. The Pascack formerly flowed directly into the Hackensack River, but now ends at the Oradell Reservoir short of its historical juncture with the Hackensack.
A dam on Pascack Brook in Spring Valley, New York, impounded Lake Hyenga until it collapsed during Hurricane Floyd in September 1999. Heavy flooding resulted downstream. The dam was not rebuilt.
At least one late 18th-century map calls the brook "Great Pascack River." Its tributary Musquapsink Brook is shown as "Little Pascack River." The name "Pascack River" also occurs in an 1876 map of the area.
Tributaries.
"(Listed from mouth to source)"

</doc>
<doc id="2929075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929075" title="List of ISO 639-2 codes">
List of ISO 639-2 codes

ISO 639 is a set of international standards that lists short codes for language names. The following is a complete list of three-letter codes defined in part two (ISO 639-2) of the standard, including the corresponding two-letter (ISO 639-1) codes where they exist.
Where two ISO 639-2 codes are given in the table, the one with the asterisk is the bibliographic code (B code) and the other is the terminological code (T code).
Entries in the "Notes" column denote:
The standard includes some codes for special situations:

</doc>
<doc id="2929076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929076" title="Schnitzelbank">
Schnitzelbank

The "Schnitzelbank" is a simple song, popular most with Americans of German descent.
German meaning.
"Schnitzelbank" literally means "scrap bench" or "chip bench" (from "Schnitzel" "scraps / clips / cuttings (from carving)" or the colloquial verb "schnitzeln" "to make scraps" or "to carve" and "Bank" "bench"); like the "Bank", it is feminine and takes the article "die". It is a woodworking tool used in Germany prior to the industrial revolution. It was in regular use in colonial New England, and in the Appalachian region until early in the 20th century; it is still in use by specialist artisans today. In America it is known as a shaving horse. It uses the mechanical advantage of a foot-operated lever to securely clamp the object to be carved. The shaving horse is used in combination with the drawknife or spokeshave to cut down green or seasoned wood, to accomplish jobs such as handling an ax; creating wooden rakes, hay forks, walking sticks, etc. The shaving horse was used by various trades, from farmer to basketmaker and wheelwright.
A "Schnitzelbank" is also a short rhyming verse or song with humorous content, often but not always sung with instrumental accompaniment. Each verse in a "Schnitzelbank" introduces a topic and ends with a comedic twist. This meaning of the word is mainly used in Switzerland and southwestern Germany; it is masculine and takes the article "der". It is a main element of the Fasnacht celebrations in the city of Basel, where it is also written "Schnitzelbangg". "Schnitzelbänke" (pl.) are also sung at weddings and other festivities by the "Schitzelbänkler", a single person or small group. Often the "Schnitzelbänkler" will display posters called "Helgen" during some verses that depict the topic but do not give away the joke.
Song.
A German-language ditty for children "The Schnitzelbank Song" is popular among German Americans with an interest in learning or teaching German to their offspring. It is often sung by adults for entertainment and nostalgia.
Cary Grant, Joan Bennett, and Gene Lockhart sing a version of the song in the 1936 film "Wedding Present". Later, Joan Bennett's character uses the tune to the song to mock Cary Grant's character for his hypocritical behavior after being promoted.
The Big Bad Wolf sings a version of the song to his offspring in the 1936 Walt Disney cartoon "Three Little Wolves".
Another version is included in Billy Wilder's 1953 film "Stalag 17". American POWs sing it during a volleyball game to distract guards from spotting a contraband radio antenna hidden in the net.
In 1957, Bill Haley & His Comets recorded a rock and roll version called "Rockin' Rollin' Schnitzelbank" for their album, "Rockin' Around the World".
In 1994 Steven Spielberg's popular cartoon show "Animaniacs" featured a segment using a version of the song, with heavily modified lyrics. In the sketch, Yakko, Wakko, and Dot learn the song (referred to as the "International Friendship Song" in the show) from Professor Otto von Schnitzelpusskrankengescheitmeyer, a one-shot character voiced by Jim Cummings.
Comedian Mel Blanc recorded a novelty Christmas song in the 1950s, "Yah Das Ist Ein Christmas Tree", which borrows the tune and concept. This was itself parodied by singer/comedian Joel Kopischke in 2005 as "Stupid Christmas Song".
The Dutch Country troubadour, Percy Einsig, recorded a popular rendition of "Schnitzelbank" at Up-Town Records, Reading, Pennsylvania. He was also made famous in the Pennsylvania Dutch area for his song entitled "The Ford Machine"

</doc>
<doc id="2929079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929079" title="Hanns Cibulka">
Hanns Cibulka

Hanns Cibulka (b. 20 September 1920, in Jägerndorf, Upper Silesia, Czecho-Slovak Republic – d. 20 June 2004, in Gotha, Germany) was a German Bohemian poet and diarist.

</doc>
<doc id="2929082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929082" title="Michael Rodd">
Michael Rodd

Michael Rodd (born 29 November 1943, North Shields, Tyne-and-Wear) is a British television presenter and businessman.
Education.
Rodd was educated at the independent school Trinity College, Glenalmond (now Glenalmond College) near Perth in Scotland, and at Newcastle University. 
Life and career.
Rodd became a familiar face to millions of television viewers in Britain as a presenter for the BBC of "Screen Test" (1970-78), "Tomorrow's World" (1972-82) and "The Risk Business" (1980-81). He also hosted television coverage of the early Space Shuttle launches for the BBC. Later he worked for the ITV contractor TVS on their science programme "The Real World".
In 1980 Rodd founded Blackrod, an independent producer of film, video and interactive productions on behalf of business and industry.

</doc>
<doc id="2929087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929087" title="RCAF Station Vulcan">
RCAF Station Vulcan

RCAF Station Vulcan, also referred to as RCAF Aerodrome Vulcan, was a Second World War flying training station located southwest of the town of Vulcan, Alberta, Canada. It was one station of many that were established in Canada under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. 
The Vulcan aerodrome was officially opened on October 30, 1942 and hosted No. 2 Flying Instructor School (FIS), which had moved to Vulcan from Claresholm. The aircraft used were Cornells, Cranes, Fawns, Finches, Harvards, Oxfords, Tiger Moths and Ansons. In April 1943, No. 2 FIS moved to the Pearce aerodrome near Fort Macleod and No. 19 Service Flying Training School (SFTS) took over the facilities, training future bomber pilots using the Anson. No. 19 SFTS ceased operation on April 14, 1945. Relief or auxiliary landing fields were located at Ensign and Champion.
For a period of time the old station operated as the Vulcan Industrial Airport. Although the runways still exist, the aerodrome has seen many aircraft since the war. Six of the original seven hangars remain standing. The remaining hangars are used for storage and for private industrial purposes.Three of the building owners are working to restore their hangars.
In 2009 new ownership began re-invigorating the airport and in 2011 was reopened as Vulcan/Kirkcaldy Aerodrome and is being operated by Wheatland Industries. The aerodrome is currently being used by private aircraft and one commercial operator, Vertical Extreme Skydiving. One of the main runways is being resurfaced.

</doc>
<doc id="2929092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929092" title="Musquapsink Brook">
Musquapsink Brook

Musquapsink Brook is a tributary of Pascack Brook in Bergen County, New Jersey in the United States.
The headwater lies within Woodcliff Lake and runs south through Hillsdale and into Washington Township. There it runs into Schlegel Lake before continuing south and east into Westwood. In Westwood, it runs into Bogert Pond before briefly turning north and joining the Pascack Brook at the border between Westwood and River Vale.
At least one late 18th-century map labels Musquapsink Brook "Little Pascack River" (the modern Pascack Brook is shown as "Great Pascack River").

</doc>
<doc id="2929106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929106" title="Design of Cities">
Design of Cities

Design of Cities, first published in 1967, is an illustrated account of the development of urban form, written by Edmund Bacon (1910–2005), who was the Executive Director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission from 1949 to 1970. The work looks at the many aspects that influence city design, including spatial form, interactions between humans, nature and the built environment, perception of favorable environments, color, and perspective. Bacon also explores the growth of cities from early Greek and Roman times to Philadelphia's design in the 1960s. It is considered a seminal text on urban planning.
The Ed Bacon Foundation was established in 2004 to advance and preserve his vision and legacy as set forth in this book.

</doc>
<doc id="2929113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929113" title="Lead or Leave">
Lead or Leave

Lead or Leave (also known as Lead... or Leave) was an American grassroots political action group from 1992 to 1995 focused primarily on reducing the deficit. Led by Rob Nelson and Jonathan Cowan, it focused on recruiting young members. This "mini-movement" became so prominent, it was featured in several newsweeklies and papers and created a stir in "MTV-DC" during the Clinton era.

</doc>
<doc id="2929120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929120" title="Mellorine">
Mellorine

Mellorine is a lower cost alternative to ice cream, wherein other fats are used instead of butterfat. It can be made from both animal fat and vegetable fat.
Mellorine is produced by freezing, while stirring a pasteurized mix of milk-derived nonfat solids and animal or vegetable fat (or both). Afterward, it is battered by a carbohydrate sweetener and the addition of flavouring ingredients.
Mellorine was a product of necessity after World War II. In united states that produced wartime goods made of cotton, cotton meal, and cotton seed oil suddenly found that their cottonseed oil products were no longer being used in quantity by the military. Cottonseed oil found peacetime use in salad dressings, mayonnaise, and in the ice-cream substitute mellorine.

</doc>
<doc id="2929122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929122" title="Displaced persons camp">
Displaced persons camp

A displaced persons camp or DP camp is a temporary facility for displaced persons threatened into forced migration. The term is mainly used for camps established after World War II in West Germany and in Austria, as well as in the United Kingdom, primarily for refugees from Eastern Europe and for the former inmates of the Nazi German concentration camps. Even two years after the end of World War II in Europe, some 850,000 people still lived in DP camps across Western Europe, among them Armenians, Poles, Latvians, Lithuanians, Estonians, Yugoslavs, Greeks, Russians, Ukrainians and Czechoslovaks.
In recent times, camps have existed in many parts of the world for groups of displaced persons including for refugees in the Darfur region of Sudan, and for Palestinians in Lebanon and Jordan, as well as for Afghan refugees in Pakistan. Such camps are now generally known as refugee camps.
DP camps following World War II.
Background.
Combat operations, ethnic cleansing, genocide, and general fear resulted in millions of people being uprooted from their original homes in the course of World War II. Between 11 million and 20 million people were displaced according to estimates. The majority were inmates of Nazi concentration camps, Labor camps and prisoner-of-war camps that were freed by the Allied armies. In portions of Eastern Europe, both civilians and military personnel fled their home countries in fear of advancing Soviet armies, who were preceded by widespread reports of mass rape, pillaging, looting, and murder.
As the war ended, these people found themselves in unfamiliar places facing an uncertain future. Allied military and civilian authorities faced considerable challenges in resolving the problem of displaced persons. Since the reasons for displacement varied considerably, the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force classified individuals into a number of categories: evacuees, war or political refugees, political prisoners, forced or voluntary workers, Organisation Todt workers, former forces under German command, deportees, intruded persons, extruded persons, civilian internees, ex-prisoners of war, and stateless persons.
In addition, the origins of these people varied considerably. They came from every country that had been invaded and/or occupied by German forces. Although the situation of many of the DPs could be resolved by simply moving them to their original homes, this could not be done, for example, where borders changed to place the location in a new country. Additionally, many could not return home for fear of political persecution or retribution for perceived (or actual) collaboration with Axis powers.
Establishing a system for resolving displacement.
The original plan for those displaced as a result of World War II was to repatriate them to their countries of origin as quickly as possible. Depending on sectors occupied in Austria and Germany, American, French, British, or Soviet forces tended to the immediate needs of the refugees and set in motion plans for repatriation. (Estimates for displaced persons do not typically include several million ethnic Germans in Europe (Poland, the Netherlands etc.) who were expelled and repatriated in Germany. See Flight and expulsion of Germans (1944–1950).)
In the months and sometimes years following the end of the war, displaced persons typically reported to military personnel who attended to their immediate needs. Nearly all of them were malnourished, a great number were ill, and some were dying. Shelter was often improvised, and there were many instances of military personnel sharing from their own supplies of food, medicine, clothing, etc., to help the refugees. In a matter of weeks, there was a more or less formalized infrastructure for taking in, registering, treating, classifying, sorting, and transporting displaced persons.
Initially, military missions of the various Allied nations attached to the British, French and U.S. army commands assisted in the sorting and classifying the DPs of their own nationality. For example, during 1945 and 1946 there were several dozen Polish liaison officers attached to individual occupation army units. On October 1, 1945, the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA), which had already been running many of the camps, took responsibility for the administration of displaced persons in Europe, though military authorities continued to play a role for several years to come, in providing transportation, supplies and security.
Those who were easily classified and were willing to be repatriated were rapidly sent back to their country of origin. Already by the end of 1945, over six million refugees were repatriated by the military forces and UNRRA. British authorities made June 30, 1946 the cutoff for accepting further displaced persons in their sector of occupation, and in the American sector set it at August 1, with the exception of those persecuted for race or religion, or who entered the zone in "an organized manner." A definitive end to further additions also in the American sector was set on April 21, 1947. It is not known how many displaced persons rejected by authorities were left to survive on the German economy.
Camps.
Displaced persons made themselves known in various ways and under widely differing circumstances in the spring of 1945. Allied forces took them into their care by improvising shelter wherever it could be found. Accommodations primarily included former military barracks, but also included summer camps for children, airports, hotels, castles, hospitals, private homes, and even partly destroyed structures. Although there were continuous efforts to sort and consolidate populations, there were hundreds of DP facilities in Germany, Austria, Italy, and other European countries by the end of 1945. One camp was even set up in Guanajuato in Mexico.
The UNRRA moved quickly to field teams to take over administration of the camps from the military forces.
A number of DP camps became more or less permanent homes for these individuals. Conditions were varied and sometimes harsh. Rations were restricted, frequently curfews were imposed. Camps were shut down as refugees found new homes and there was continuous consolidation of remaining refugees into fewer camps.
By 1952, all but two DP camps were closed. The last two DP camps, Föhrenwald closed in 1957 and Wels in 1959.
The needs of displaced persons.
All displaced persons had to varying degrees experienced hardship, including a constant fear for their lives, neglect, abuse, torture, and often attempted murder.
The immediate concern was to provide shelter, nutrition and basic health care. Most DPs had subsisted on diets of far less than 1,500 calories a day. Sanitary conditions had been improvised at best, and there had been minimal medical care. As a result, they suffered from malnutrition, a variety of diseases, and were often unclean, lice-ridden, and prone to illness.
In addition, most of the refugees suffered from psychological difficulties. They were often distrustful and apprehensive around authorities, and many were depressed and traumatized.
Displaced persons were anxious to be reunited with families they had been separated from in the course of the war. Improvised efforts to identify survivors were refined to become formalized through the UNRRA's Central Tracking Bureau and facilities of the International Red Cross. The organization collected over one million names in the course of the DP era and eventually became the International Tracing Service.
Displaced persons often moved from camp to camp, looking for family, countrymen, or better food, accommodations, etc. Over time, ethnic and religious groups concentrated in certain camps.
Camp residents quickly set up churches, synagogues, newspapers, sports events, schools, and even universities. Among these were the Technical University in Esslingen set up by the Polish Mission, the Free Ukrainian University, the Ukrainian Technical-Agricultural Institute of Prodebrady, the Baltic University and the short-lived UNRRA University. German universities were required to accept a quota of DP students.
A number of charitable organizations provided significant humanitarian relief and services among displaced persons - these include the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, American Friends Service Committee, British Friends Relief Service, the Lutheran World Federation, Catholic Charities, several national Red Cross organizations, Polish American Congress and Ukrainian American Relief Committee.
The difficulties of repatriation.
Over one million refugees could not be repatriated to their original countries and were left homeless as a result of fear of persecution. These included:
The agreement reached at the Yalta Conference required in principle that all citizens of the allied powers be repatriated to their home country. The Soviet Union insisted that refugees in the American, British, and French sectors who were or at some point had been Soviet citizens be sent back to the Soviet Union. A large number of refugees resisted this, fearing that their fleeing Soviet rule had condemned them as traitors.
American, British, and French military officials, as well as UNRRA officials, reluctantly complied with this directive, and a number of Soviet citizens were repatriated. Many of these met with the hardship they feared, including death and confinement in the Gulags. There were also cases of kidnapping and coercion to return these refugees. Many avoided such repatriation by misrepresenting their origins, fleeing, or simply resisting. Rejecting claimed Soviet sovereignty over the Baltic states, allied officials also refused to repatriate Lithuanian, Estonian, and Latvian refugees against their will.
Similarly, a large number of refugees who were repatriated to Yugoslavia were subjected to summary executions and torture.
A large number of Poles, who later agreed to be repatriated, did in fact suffer arrest and some were executed, particularly those that had served in the Warsaw Uprising of 1944, or in the Polish Resistance against the Nazis.
Jewish survivors of the death camps and various work camps similarly refused to return to their countries of origin, starting instead an extensive underground movement to migrate to the British Mandate of Palestine. - see Berihah.
Resettlement of DPs.
Once it became obvious that repatriation plans left a large number of DPs who needed new homes, it took time for countries to commit to accepting refugees. Existing refugee quotas were completely inadequate, and by the fall of 1946, it was not clear whether the remaining DPs would ever find a home.
Between 1947 and 1953, the vast majority of the "non-repatriables" would find new homes around the world, particularly among these countries:
By 1953, over 250,000 refugees were still in Europe, most of them old, infirm, crippled, or otherwise disabled. Some found resolution through suicide. Some European countries accepted these refugees on a humanitarian basis. Norway accepted 200 refugees who were blind or had tuberculosis, and Sweden also accepted a limited number. In the end most of them were accepted by Germany and Austria for their care and ultimately full resettlement as citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="2929126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929126" title="California State Route 103">
California State Route 103

State Route 103, part of the Terminal Island Freeway, is a short state highway in Los Angeles and Long Beach. It runs from a split with State Route 47 northeast to a cloverleaf interchange with State Route 1. Beyond SR 1, the freeway is owned by the city of Long Beach to its end at Willow Street. South of the end of SR 103, the Terminal Island Freeway runs south with SR 47 over the Commodore Schuyler F. Heim Bridge to its end at Ocean Boulevard on Terminal Island, at the former Long Beach Naval Shipyard. SR 47 turns west there to its end at Interstate 110.
The freeway does not directly connect to any other freeways. It is heavily used by trucks carrying cargo to and from the Port of Los Angeles and Port of Long Beach. Because of its isolation from residential and business areas, and the industrial-looking neighborhood it runs through, the freeway is frequently used to film freeway scenes for major motion pictures. "" and "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" were two movies to use it for location purposes.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
The route begins at Interstate 710 in Long Beach, where it instantly begins an overlap with SR 47. It then begins as a freeway, whence it follows the Schuyler Heim Bridge over the Cerritos Channel, entering the city of Los Angeles midway through the bridge. It then leaves SR 47 and reenters Long Beach, where it meets its north end at SR 1.
History.
Prior to 1969, Route 103 was what is now State Route 15 and Interstate 15 from Interstate 5 to State Route 163 in San Diego. (I-15 was U.S. Route 395, which used SR 163, until 1969.)
The entire Terminal Island Freeway was once part of State Route 47, and was to continue north to Interstate 10 near downtown Los Angeles. SR 47 was redefined in 1983 to split from the freeway north of the Schuyler Heim Bridge, and the part from SR 47 to Willow Street became SR 103. The part north of SR 1 was later removed from the legal definition, existing for a time as State Route 103U - U for "unrelinquished" - before it was traded on August 25, 2000, with the city of Long Beach for Interstate 710 from SR 1 south to Ocean Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="2929127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929127" title="Jason Parker (sport shooter)">
Jason Parker (sport shooter)

Jason Parker (born June 27, 1974) is an American sport shooter, one of the world's leading 10 m Air Rifle shooters, although he has also had some successes in Three positions competitions. He has never won an Olympic medal, but he won the Air Rifle event at the 2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships. He has also held the final world record in this event on several occasions. He lost it to Zhu Qinan of China at the 2004 Olympics, but at an ISSF World Cup competition the following spring he equalled Zhu's 702.7 points, and they shared the world record until October 2006.
In addition to air rifle competition, Jason Parker, who is a Sgt. 1st class in the United States Army, also has participated in rifle shoots at 300m, as in the case of the three position standard rifle slow fire event in Conseil International du Sport Militaire shooting competition in Switzerland in 2008, in which he scored a silver medal.
JASON PARKER, graduate of Xavier University in Cincinnat, OH, was a member of Xavier's Rifle team from 1992-1996. 
Parker earned seven All-American citations as a member of the Xavier rifle team, the most for any shooter in school history. Parker, who is now a member of the U.S. Army Marksmenship Unit, was an All-American in smallbore as a freshman in 1993, then earned honors for both smallbore and air rifle in his final three seasons. 
Parker was a member of the team that placed first in air rifle in the 1996 NCAA Championship. In individual NCAA competition, Parker placed second in smallbore in 1993, and in air rifle he placed third in 1994, fourth in 1995 and fifth in 1996. 
On the international level Parker was a member of the 1998 Munich World Cup Air Rifle Championship Team. While there he won a Gold Medal and set two new world records. Parker scored a world-record 700.6 points to defeat Slovenia's Rajmond Debevec and win his event. Also, Parker's qualifying score of 598 out of 600 points set a new world mark. 
Following his performance in Munich, Parker was named 1998 USA Shooting Male Rifle Shooter of the Year and was also featured in Sports Illustrated's "Faces in the Crowd". Parker followed the honor up by winning a gold medal at the 1999 Masters European Air Rifle Championship. The U.S. Olympic Committee named Parker Shooter of the Year in 1999. 
Parker also participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He posted the third best qualifying score in Men's 10 meter air rifle before placing fifth in the finals, falling .7 points short of the bronze medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="2929129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929129" title="Dinozaurs">
Dinozaurs

DinoZaurs, also known as in Japan, is a Japanese anime which is a combination of traditional animation and computer animation.
OVA.
There were five promotional CGI-only Original video animation episodes released, the first four were sold with the initial "Dinozone" toys in Japan. Dino Tyranno came with an episode entitled "Revive, Dinosoldier", while Gigano Dragon came with a video called "Gigano Dragon Strikes Back!!". A third featuring the Cerazaur Brothers was sold with Dinostyras. A fourth OVA was released with Nightwing. A final fifth OVA was given only to subscribers of Televi Magazine and Comic Bom Bom. The pilot was dubbed into English and released in the US on a VHS tape, available as a special offer with the toys in 2000. The voices used in the pilot were different from the cast for the series, as Saban were not involved in the dubbing of the pilot.
TV plot.
It has been 65,000,000 years since the Dino Knights had last defeated the Dragozaurs. When the Dragozaurs returned, a boy named Kaito has reawakened the Dino Knights. The battle between the Dino Knights and the Dragozaurs begins once again as the Dino Knights prevent the Dragozaurs from stealing Earth's life force.
Characters.
Dino Knights.
When the Dragozaurs first attacked, the planet chose prehistoric animals to fight them, converting them into . Normally fossilized, a Dino Knight can assume a more metallic form when re-animated. The saying to power up the Dino Knights with the Dino Daggers is ""Dino Power, Energize!"".
Principal Dino Knights.
The main Dino Knights reside in the Dinotarium.
Cerazaur Brothers.
The Cerazaur Brothers are three Dino Knights that were found by Rick. By the command ""Triblade fusion! Integrate!"", they can combine to form who wields the "Triple Fossil Star Sword" and is the largest of the Dino Knights. They are a parallel to "The Three Musketeers", living by the code "all for one, and one for all."
Dino Weapons.
The are Dino Knights that can become weapons outside of their dinosaur and warrior forms and attach to any Dino Knight. They were found on a strange island in a weird state and were nearly abducted by Gomez. Once Dino Tyranno and Dino Brachio got the three to remember their secret identities, they helped Dino Tyranno and Dino Brachio fend off the Drago Clones and the Dragozaurs.
Dragozaurs.
The are an alien race who are the primary antagonists of the series. They feed off of a planet's life force causing the planet to be lifeless and in ruins. The Dragozaurs are:
Drago Clones.
Created by Diamond Ryugu using the powers of the Dark Crystal, the were as powerful as their counterparts in the main Dino Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="2929137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929137" title="Great Wheel (disambiguation)">
Great Wheel (disambiguation)

The Great Wheel was a Ferris wheel built for the Empire of India Exhibition at Earls Court in London in 1895.
Great Wheel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929145" title="Les Emmerson">
Les Emmerson

Robert Leslie "Les" Emmerson (born 17 September 1944 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) is the lead vocalist and guitarist for the band Five Man Electrical Band, and their predecessor band The Staccatos. He also recorded as a solo artist, charting three top 40 hits in Canada, including the #5 hit "Control Of Me".
He is best known for writing the song "Signs", which was a hit for Emmerson's Five Man Electrical Band in 1970 and also a hit for the band Tesla in 1990. Both versions of the song sold approximately 1.5 million copies at the time of each release. In 2006, the song was sampled by Fat Boy Slim in the platinum-selling song, "Don't Let The Man Get You Down". Particularly as a result of the Fat Boy Slim sampling, Emmerson earns enough money from royalties on "Signs" that he can support an average lifestyle without working.
Emmerson started his solo career while still a member of Five Man Electrical band. His first solo hit "Control Of Me" was released in late 1972, and peaked at #5 in early 1973. Follow-up single "Cry Your Eyes Out" reached a peak of #18 on "RPM Weekly's" Top Singles chart in September 1973. Emmerson released two more charting solo singles in 1974 and '75 while still with the Five Man Electrical Band, but his only release after the band broke up was the non-charting single "Borderline" in 1977. No other material was released by Emmerson until 2007, when "The Sound City Sessions" appeared. This album consisted of material recorded in 1976 and '77, including "Borderline", and remains Emmerson's only solo album; his other solo singles have never been released on LP or CD.
Emmerson remains based in Ottawa as of mid-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2929176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929176" title="Breadcrumb (navigation)">
Breadcrumb (navigation)

The graphical control element Breadcrumbs or breadcrumb trail is a navigation aid used in user interfaces. It allows users to keep track of their locations within programs or documents. The term comes from the trail of breadcrumbs left by Hansel and Gretel in the popular fairytale.
Usage.
Websites.
Breadcrumbs typically appear horizontally across the top of a Web page, often below title bars or headers. They provide links back to each previous page the user navigated through to get to the current page or—in hierarchical site structures—the parent pages of the current one. Breadcrumbs provide a trail for the user to follow back to the starting or entry point. A greater-than sign (>) often serves as hierarchy separator, although designers may use other glyphs (such as » or ›), as well as various graphical treatments.
Typical breadcrumbs look like this:
Home page > Section page > Subsection page
or 
Home page : Section page : Subsection page
or
home page : section page 1 : section page 2
Software.
Current file managers including Windows Explorer (from Windows Vista onwards), Mac OS's Finder, Nautilus, Dolphin, Thunar and SnowBird allow breadcrumb navigation, often replacing or extending an address bar.
Types.
There are two types of Web breadcrumbs:
Usability.
Location breadcrumbs are not necessarily appropriate for sites whose content is so rich that single categories do not fully describe a particular piece of content. For this reason, a tag may be more appropriate, though breadcrumbs can still be used to allow the user to retrace their steps and see how they arrived at the current page.
Other names.
Some commentators and programmers alternatively use the term "cookie crumb" as a synonym to describe the navigation design.
This should not be confused with the term "cookie", which refers to HTTP cookies (text files websites write on a visitor's machine that record data such as login information).
Michigan Community College's Virtual Learning Collaborative uses the term "Navigation Path", as do some Drupal users.

</doc>
<doc id="2929183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929183" title="The Everlasting Blink">
The Everlasting Blink

The Everlasting Blink is the second album from the electronica chillout duo Bent. It takes a somewhat more ambient direction from its precursor, Programmed to Love. 
The duo had British radio and club listeners somewhat riddled by the vocalist on "Magic Love": it was Toni Tenille from The Captain and Tennille. 
Ashley Beedle considerably heightened the energy of the track with his remix, which stormed the clubs throughout Europe. Ashley had previously remixed the duo's "Always" to anthemic effect.

</doc>
<doc id="2929185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929185" title="Archibald Hay, 13th Earl of Kinnoull">
Archibald Hay, 13th Earl of Kinnoull

Archibald Fitzroy George Hay, 13th Earl of Kinnoull (20 June 1855 – 7 February 1916) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier.
He married Josephine Maria Hawke in 1877 and they had a son Edmund Alfred Rollo George (b. 1879), the couple separated in 1885. He subsequently re-married Florence Mary Darell in 1903 and their daughter Lady Elizabeth Blanche Mary Gordon was born the same year. 
He was commissioned into the Royal Perthshire Militia in 1872 and later transferred to the Black Watch, with whom he fought in the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War, and was awarded the Ottoman Order of Osmanieh. He resigned as a Lieutenant in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="2929186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929186" title="Babcock test">
Babcock test

The Babcock test is the first inexpensive and practical test factories could use to determine the fat content of milk.
Motivation.
Until the 1890s, dishonest farmers could water down their milk or remove some cream before selling it to the factories because milk was paid for by volume. Honest farmers, as well as those that produced naturally rich milk, were not being compensated fairly.
Babcock Test process.
Stephen Moulton Babcock researched the problem at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and developed the following process:
Principle of Babcock test.
Key to this process is that everything in milk except the fat dissolves in sulfuric acid.
The fat floats to the top. The centrifuge ensures complete separation with no bubbles in the fat, and the fat content can be measured using the graduations on the test tube and knowing the initial amount of milk used.
Utility of Babcock test.
After the development of the test, it was much easier for a dairy operation to not only compensate farmers fairly, but to produce a consistent product that consumers could depend on. The Babcock test was also utilized by farmers to selectively breed for cows who produced milk with higher butterfat content—the tests were usually done monthly by an employee of the local Dairy Herd Improvement Association (DHIA).
In 1911, the American Dairy Science Association's Committee on Official Methods of Testing Milk and Cream for Butterfat, chaired by O. F. Hunziker, met in Washington DC with the U.S. Bureau of Dairying, the U.S. Bureau of Standards and manufacturers of glassware. Standard specifications for Babcock glassware were published as a result of this meeting.
About Babcock.
Professor Babcock did not patent his invention considering himself an agent of Wisconsin working for the welfare of Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="2929190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929190" title="Klaus Störtebeker">
Klaus Störtebeker

Nikolaus Storzenbecher, or Klaus Störtebeker (c. 1360 in Wismar – 20 October 1401 {1400} in Hamburg), was a leader and the best known representative of a companionship of privateers known as the Victual Brothers (German: "Vitalienbrüder"). The Victual Brothers (Latin ""victualia"") were originally hired during a war between Denmark and Sweden to fight the Danish and supply the besieged Swedish capital Stockholm with provisions. After the end of the war, the Victual Brothers continued to capture merchant vessels for their own account and named themselves "Likedeelers" (literally: equal sharers).
Life.
A large number of myths and legends surround the few facts known about Klaus Störtebeker's life. Störtebeker is only a nickname, meaning "empty the mug with one gulp" in Low Saxon. The moniker refers to the pirate's supposed ability to empty a four-litre mug of beer in one gulp. At this time, pirates and other fugitives from the law often adopted a colorful "nom de guerre".
Born in Wismar, Störtebeker entered public consciousness around 1398, after the expulsion of the Victual Brothers from the Baltic island of Gotland, where they had set up a stronghold and headquarters in the town of Visby. During the following years, Störtebeker and some of his fellow captains (the most famous of whom were Gödeke Michels, Hennig Wichmann and Magister Wigbold) captured Hanseatic ships, irrespective of their origin.
Störtebeker had a stronghold in Marienhafe, East Frisia, from about 1396. There, he married a daughter of the Frisian chief Keno ten Broke (Keno tom Brooke). There still exists a tower bearing his name in Marienhafe.
According to legend, in 1401, a Hamburgian fleet led by Simon of Utrecht caught up with Störtebeker's force near Heligoland. According to some stories, Störtebeker's ship had been disabled by a traitor who cast molten lead into the links of the chain which controlled the ship's rudder. Störtebeker and his crew were ultimately overcome and brought to Hamburg, where they were tried for piracy. Legend says that Störtebeker offered a chain of gold long enough to enclose the whole of Hamburg in exchange for his life and freedom. However, Störtebeker and all of his 73 companions were sentenced to death and were beheaded on the Grasbrook. The most famous legend of Störtebeker relates to the execution itself. Störtebeker is said to have asked the mayor of Hamburg to release as many of his companions as he could walk past after being beheaded. Following the granting of this request and the subsequent beheading, Störtebeker's body arose and walked past eleven of his men before the executioner tripped him with an outstretched foot. Nevertheless, the eleven men were executed along with the others. The senate of Hamburg asked the executioner if he was not tired after all this, but he replied he could easily execute the whole of the senate as well. For this, he himself was sentenced to death and executed by the youngest member of the senate.
When dismantling Störtebeker's ship, it was found the masts contained a core of gold (one of gold, one of silver, and one of copper). According to legend (but not to history), this was used to create the tip of St. Catherine's church in Hamburg. His famous drinking cup was stored in the town hall of Hamburg, until it was destroyed in the great fire of 1842.
Some historians have suggested it is more likely that Störtebeker died in 1400. A bill for digging graves for 30 Victual Brothers dated to this year survives in the Hamburg records. This would also suggest the story that Störtebeker was sentenced to death with 70 other privateers is at least misleading; at minimum, he certainly was buried with 30 other men. The year 1400 also excludes the involvement of Simon of Utrecht and the "Brindled Cow" (Bunte Kuh), since the records show this ship was not completed until 1401. In fact, the Hanseatic fleet that attacked Störtebeker was commanded by Hermann Langhe (also Lange) and Nikolaus Schoke (Nicoalus Schocke), who set sail for Heligoland in August 1400, and the course of the battle is not described by any reliable sources.
Störtebeker's appearance.
No authentic portrait of Störtebeker is known. An etching made by Daniel Hopfer, often erroneously identified as a portrait of Klaus Störtebeker, is actually of Kunz von der Rosen, the court jester of Emperor Maximilian I. However, a tentative reconstruction of Störtebeker's appearance has been made using a skull alleged to be his. This skull, displayed at the museum since 1922, was stolen in January 2010. In March 2011 it was found by the police.
Störtebeker today.
Long after his death, Störtebeker would become a figure of legend and political propaganda. Leftists made him a hero of medieval class struggle against the "capitalistic" Hanseatic League and right-wingers turned him into a Germanic Francis Drake. A statue depicting him stands in Hamburg. He is main hero of Willi Bredel's story (Die Vitalienbrüder ?).
Störtebeker was portrayed on television by Ken Duken in "Störtebeker", a 2006 miniseries based very loosely on his life. He was also the subject of a 2007 documentary and of the feature-length movie "12 Paces Without a Head", in the making in 2008.
The Störtebeker Festival is Germany's most successful open air theatre event, held annually in the town of Ralswiek on the isle of Rügen.
The German punk band Slime wrote and recorded a song about the exploits of Störtebeker on their album "Alle gegen alle". There is also a song by the heavy metal band Running Wild about Störtebeker's life in their album "Death or Glory". Another German artist who made a song about Störtebeker is Achim Reichel, who recorded "Das Störtebekerlied", which can be found on his album "Klabautermann".
Störtebeker is also a beer brand in Stralsund, whose slogan means, "Beer of the Righteous". There is also a punk venue bearing his name in a former squat of Hafenstraße, in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="2929191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929191" title="Kashmiri cuisine">
Kashmiri cuisine

Kashmiri cuisine (; "Kashur khyon") is based on the ancient tradition of this area. The Rigveda
mentions the meat eating traditions of this area. The ancient epic of Kashmir, namely the Nilmatapurana informs us that Kashmiris were heavy meat eaters. This habit persists in today's Kashmir.
The most notable ingredient in today's Kashmir cuisine is mutton, of which there are over 30 varieties.
Kashmiri Pandit Cuisine.
Kashmiri cuisine has had the earliest influence on Kashmiri Pandit cuisine. Usually, Pandits do not eat meat, however the Pandits of Kashmir have always eaten all meats except beef. Beef is strictly forbidden in Pandit cuisine and in Kashmiri Muslim cuisine, in keeping with the age old Kashmiri tradition known as Kashmiriyat The Wazwan of Kashmiri Muslims never allows for the usage of Beef. However, the Kashmiris have always been heavy meat eaters(lamb, mutton, goat). The Nilamat Purana records that the Brahmins of Kashmir have always been heavy meat eaters (lamb, mutton). The two most important saints of Kashmir, Lalleshwari and Sheikh Noor-ud-din Wali were vegetarians for spiritual reasons. Meat is cooked in Kashmiri Pandit festivals and forms an extremely important part of Kashmiri Pandit identity. Some noted Kashmiri pandit dishes include:
Tea drinking forms a very important of Kashmiri Pandit cuisine and is often used in place of dessert. Two very important types of tea are Kehwa (Sweet Green tea with Cardammom and almonds) and Sheer Chai (salty pink tea with almonds). Such teas are usually taken with Baked Breads like Kulcha and Katlam.
Kashmiri Pandit cuisine has very few dessert dishes or sweets. More importance is therefore given to the main course and tea and not much to the dessert.
Wazwan.
Wazwan, a multi-course meal in the Kashmiri Muslim tradition, is treated with great respect. Its preparation is considered an art. Almost all the dishes are meat-based (lamb, chicken, fish).Beef is generally not prepared in the Srinagar region, but is popular among the other districts. It is considered a sacrilege to serve any dishes based around pulses or lentils during this feast. The traditional number of courses for the wazwan is thirty-six, though there can be fewer. The preparation is traditionally done by a vasta waza, or head chef, with the assistance of a court of wazas, or chefs.
Wazwan is regarded by the Kashmiri Muslims as a core element of their culture and identity. Guests are grouped into fours for the serving of the wazwan. The meal begins with a ritual washing of hands, as a jug and basin called the tash-t-nari are passed among the guests. A large serving dish piled high with heaps of rice, decorated and quartered by four seekh kabab, four pieces of meth maaz, two tabak maaz, sides of barbecued ribs, and one safed kokur, one zafrani kokur, along with other dishes. The meal is accompanied by yoghurt garnished with Kashmiri saffron, salads, Kashmiri pickles and dips. Kashmiri Wazwan is generally prepared in marriages and other special functions. The culinary art is learnt through heredity and is rarely passed to outside blood relations. That has made certain waza/cook families very prominent. The wazas remain in great demand during the marriage season (May - October). Bearing in mind that the Wazwan consists of meat, mostly all lamb dishes, as lamb is considered the occasional delicacy, some of the essential Wazwan dishes include but are not limited to:
Tea drinking is a very important part of Kashmiri Pandit culture. Two of the most important types of tea that the Pandits drink are "Sheer Chai"(salted pink tea with almonds) and Kehwah(sweet green tea with almonds and cardamom). With tea, they often eat certain types of bread/bakery such as "Katlam" and "Kulcha" topped with Kashmiri Butter made from fresh milk.
Kashmiri beverages.
Noon Chai or Sheer Chai.
Kashmiris are heavy tea drinkers. The word "noon" in Kashmiri language means Salt. The most popular drink is a pinkish colored salted tea called "noon chai." It is made with black tea, milk, salt and bicarbonate of soda. The particular color of the tea is a result of its unique method of preparation and the addition of soda. The Kashmiri Pandits more commonly refer to this chai as "Sheer Chai."
Noon Chai or Sheer Chai is a common breakfast tea in Kashmiri households and is taken with breads like baqerkhani brought fresh from the "Sufi", or bakers. Often, this tea is served in a large Samovars.
Kahwah.
At marriage feasts, festivals, and religious places, it is customary to serve Kahwah, or Qahwah (originates from a 14th-century Arab coffee, which, in turn, was named after an ancient beverage of the Sufis) - a green tea made with saffron, spices, and almonds or walnuts. Over 20 varieties of Kahwah are prepared in different households. Some people also put milk in kahwah (half milk + half kahwah). This chai is also known as "Maugal Chai" by some Kashmiri Pandits from the smaller villages of Kashmir.
Other.
Kashmir valley is famous for its bakery tradition. On the picturesque Dal lake of Kashmir or downtown Srinagar, bakery shops are elaborately laid out. Bakers sell various kinds of breads with a golden brown crusts topped with sesame and poppy seeds. "Tsot" and "tsochvoru" is a small round bread topped with poppy and sesame seeds, which is crisp and flaky, "Sheermal", "baqerkhani" (puff pastry), "lavas" (unleavened bread) and "kulcha" are popular. "Girdas" and "lavas" are served with butter.
"Harissa" is a very popular meat preparation made for breakfast, it is slow cooked for many hours, with spices and hand stirred.

</doc>
<doc id="2929198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929198" title="Lane Dwinell">
Lane Dwinell

Seymour Lane Dwinell (November 14, 1906 – March 27, 1997) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Lebanon, New Hampshire. Born in 1906 in Newport, Vermont, he served in and led both houses of the New Hampshire legislature before his two terms as Governor. He died in 1997 aged 90 in Hanover, New Hampshire and is buried in Lebanon, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2929200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929200" title="Lawrence Gordon (producer)">
Lawrence Gordon (producer)

Lawrence Gordon (born March 25, 1936 in Yazoo City, Mississippi) is an American producer and motion picture executive. He specializes in producing action-oriented films. Some of his most popular productions include "Predator" (1987), "Die Hard" (1988) and "" (2001).
Biography.
Gordon grew up in Belzoni, Mississippi. He graduated from Tulane University, New Orleans, Louisiana. He has enjoyed a long career in film. After moving to Los Angeles he began his career working for Aaron Spelling. He quickly moved up the ranks and began co-producing for Spelling and in the early 1980s created the TV series "Matt Houston".
In the 1970s he was a key executive at American International Pictures.
He served as President of 20th Century Fox from 1984 to 1986. 
He subsequently formed Largo Entertainment with his brother and producer Charles Gordon, which was backed by the Japanese company JVC. This was revolutionary as it was the first time a Japanese company had seriously invested in a film enterprise. In 1989, he produced "Field of Dreams", which received an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture.
Under the Largo Entertainment banner, Gordon produced "Point Break", "G.I. Jane", "Mulholland Falls", and 23 other films. 
Gordon also had an independent production deal with Universal Pictures under the shingle Lawrence Gordon Productions. Under Lawrence Gordon Productions, he produced "Jumpin' Jack Flash", "Boogie Nights", "Mystery Men", "" franchise, "Hellboy" franchise and "Watchmen".
Gordon has been credited with giving some of the most prolific producers their start in entertainment such as Joel Silver, Scott Rudin, Amy Pascal, and James L. Brooks.
He has three children including filmmaker and musician, George Joseph Gordon.
Selected filmography.
Producer:
Executive Producer:

</doc>
<doc id="2929207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929207" title="Frontal gyrus">
Frontal gyrus

Frontal gyrus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929213" title="Ethiopian Serenaders">
Ethiopian Serenaders

The Ethiopian Serenaders was a blackface minstrel troupe from the 1840s. Their first major performance was for John Tyler at the White House in 1844 as part of the "Especial Amusement of the President of the United States, His Family and Friends". After this success, the troupe altered its act to make it more "refined" and to appeal to a higher-class audience than had traditionally patronized blackface entertainment. They billed their shows as blackface "concerts" and added songs of a sentimental, romantic nature, even going so far as to perform pieces from popular operas. In exchange, they cut bawdy, humorous material like that used by the Virginia Minstrels and other troupes.
The Serenaders saw great success with this formula and left for a tour in England beginning in 1846, often performing at the St. James's Theatre for their London seasons. In England, they were frequently mistaken for real black men, a misconception they always denied, asserting that they had not the "least drop of black blood in their veins"; accordingly, "they lost no time in published portraits of themselves with the white faces bestowed upon them by nature." In their absence, rivals such as the Christy Minstrels had gained a following in the United States. Upon their return from England in 1847, the "Spirit of the Times" wrote that the Serenaders formal style in music and dress was too refined for audiences accustomed to the ribald humor of the Christys. Of a Serenaders performance, the article said, ". . . we listen and are pleased but leave with little desire to return." At Christys, "we listen and laugh and desire to go again and again." The Serenaders eventually returned to London, this time with the addition of William Henry Lane, a black man known as "Master Juba". The minstrel show remained popular in England through the end of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2929214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929214" title="Cal (novel)">
Cal (novel)

Cal is a 1983 novel by Bernard MacLaverty, detailing the experiences of a young Irish Catholic involved with the IRA. 
Plot summary.
One of the major themes of the novel is the way in which the title character attempts to come to terms with taking part in the murder of a reserve police officer by his friend Crilly, an operation for which he was the getaway driver, while at the same time trying to fend off the anti-Republican "Orangemen". To make matters worse, Cal finds himself falling in love with the slain man's wife, Marcella.
Cal lacks self-esteem, one source of which is the death of his mother, who held him in high regard; following her death, Cal seems to be only capable of thinking of himself in a bad light. Another factor adding to Cal's initial unhappiness is being a Catholic on a mainly Protestant estate and being part of the minority in Northern Ireland.
He is afraid of Crilly, his friend from school who is a bully, who works for the IRA and uses Cal as a driver. Cal chooses not to follow his father's line of work as he cannot stand the smell of the abattoir. This contributes to, in the general opinion, his feeling of weakness and inferiority.
Cal's self-hatred and depression manifest themselves in a number of ways, such as swearing at himself "You big crotte de chien", hatred of his name, even a hatred of his own reflection. When seeing Marcella with her daughter Lucy, he feels this self-loathing again, believing that this bond between mother and daughter is a "pure love" that he is not worthy of intruding upon, or even observing. 
Cal's self-hatred is intensified by his feelings of guilt, even sickness, at the part he played in the murder, describing it as "a brand stamped in blood in the middle of his forehead which would take him the rest of his life to purge". As his love for Marcella grows, so too does his guilt. From this he develops a sense of acceptance at his arrest and brutal treatment, grateful that at last someone is going to beat him "within an inch of his life”, giving him the ability to feel able to repent and allowing the mental anguish within to be transformed into a physical act that he can more readily deal with.
Film adaptation.
In 1983, the novel was adapted into a film starring John Lynch and Helen Mirren.

</doc>
<doc id="2929216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929216" title="Mr. Coffee">
Mr. Coffee

Mr. Coffee is a registered trademark of Sunbeam Products, Inc. d/b/a Jarden Consumer Solutions. The Mr. Coffee brand manufactures automatic-drip kitchen coffee machines as well as other products.
History.
Vincent Marotta, Sr. and Samuel Glazer founded a company in Cleveland, Ohio focused on coffee delivery called North American Systems (NAS) in the early 70's. At this time, Marotta had an idea to create an automatic drip coffeemaker. Marotta and Glazer hired two former Westinghouse engineers, Edmund Abel and Edwin Schulze to engineer the idea. In 1972, the Mr. Coffee brand drip coffee maker was made available for home use. Unlike later models, this original offering with its distinctive yellow and white gingham decal used gravity to immediately pull water through a heating section and allowed to drip freely into carafe below. Later units used thermosyphons (similar to the principle operating geysers) to carry water up from a reservoir as it reached boiling point in the lift tube, identical to the percolator principle but without the endless recirculation and reheating of the coffee.
In 1973, Marotta convinced former baseball player Joe DiMaggio to become an advertising spokesman for the brand. This coffee maker revolutionized coffee and sold more than one million units by April 1974. Prior to this machine, coffee was primarily made in a percolator which often gave it a bitter and burned flavor. The new Mr. Coffee machine produced a much more uniform brewing temperature which resulted in a much better flavor.
A succession of products from 1992–1995, the Potato Perfect, the Mr. Coffee Juicer, Food Dehydrator by Mr. Coffee, Breadmaker by Mr. Coffee, and Mrs. Tea Hot Tea Maker, contributed about one-third of Mr. Coffee’s total annual sales of $174 million by 1995. In the 1980s, Mr. Coffee endured a leveraged buyout and two significant changes in ownership before being acquired by Health O Meter Products, Inc. (eventually known as Signature Brands USA) in 1994.
In 1995, a variation was produced by the same company for tea called "Mrs. Tea". The machine differed from the Mr. Coffee branded appliance only in detail as the company claims the drip process works equally well for tea as for coffee, although the result is often a darker, samovar type of tea.
In 1998 Sunbeam Corporation (eventually known as American Household, Inc.) purchased Signature Brands (Health o Meter and Mr. Coffee). In January 2005, Jarden acquired American Household, Inc.
Popular culture.
There have been several cultural references to the easily-parodied name. It has been parodied in the Back to the Future trilogy as Mr. Fusion (which was actually made for the movie from a Krups coffee grinder), and in "Spaceballs" as Mr. Radar and Mr. Coffee itself. It was also mentioned in The Bloodhound Gang's song "The Bad Touch", in the full version of the "Cheers" theme song, the Marah song "Christian St." and in the title of Raymond Carver's short story "Mr. Coffee and Mr. Fixit." A Mr. Coffee branded appliance also appeared in a scene in the film "Apollo 13". (However, a number of critics pointed out that this was technically inaccurate, since the film took place in 1970, and the Mr. Coffee branded appliance wouldn't be introduced until 1972.) In the Futurama movie, "The Beast With A Billion Backs", one character can be seen using a "Mr. Wino" machine to make wine directly from grapes. In "Hoyle Card Games 2011", Rhett said "That's worse than Mr. Coffee". Mr. Coffee was mentioned in the American TV show Seinfeld.
Mr. Coffee today.
Recently, the Mr. Coffee product development team altered how their drip coffee maker works with a method dubbed “Optimal Brew”. The coffee maker does not use the previously mentioned traditional method of routing the water over a heating coil under the warming plate invented by Marotta, Abel, and Schulze. Instead, a small flash boiling chamber flash heats the water to deliver the water to the beans within a temperature range of 195-200 degrees F. Heating the water this way allows 10 cups to be brewed in generally less than eight minutes depending on the barometric pressure. Once brewed the coffee stays warm in a thermal carafe without requiring a heating plate which could potentially burn the coffee. This coffee maker engineered and designed by TEAMS Design USA and the Jarden team, won a Red Star Award in 2010 and an Appliance Magazine EID Award in 2011.
More recently, Mr. Coffee has licensed the Keurig K-cup technology to introduce a line of single serve hot beverage machines. Also recently introduced, the Mr. Coffee Cafe Latte brews coffee as well as whips in steamed milk in one step.
More than 600,000 coffeemakers, Chinese-made Mr. Coffee Single Cup Brewing System models, are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada. A brewing malfunction can release steaming water and grounds. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="2929219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929219" title="Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado">
Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado

Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado (EFE) is the national railway of Chile.
Track gauge.
The track gauge is Indian gauge in the south and metre gauge in the north.
History.
The company was created on January 4, 1884 by means of the purchase of the companies that exploited the longitudinal routes and the Santiago - Valparaíso route. Since then the company acquired the railways of the sodium nitrate mining companies in the north of Chile. From 1913 on the network of the EFE extends from Iquique to Puerto Montt. (more translation from :es:Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado#Historia to come)
A stable political and economic climate allowed EFE to complete its largest-ever investment programme in December 2005. This involved spending US$1bn in 2003-05 to increase capacity on commuter networks and improved long-distance services.

</doc>
<doc id="2929223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929223" title="Squirmer (BEAM)">
Squirmer (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a squirmer is a stationary robot that performs an interesting action (usually by moving some sort of limbs or appendages). 

</doc>
<doc id="2929231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929231" title="Slider (BEAM)">
Slider (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a Slider is a robot that has a mode of locomotion by moving body parts smoothly along a surface while remaining in contact with it. 

</doc>
<doc id="2929233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929233" title="George Stallings">
George Stallings

George Tweedy Stallings (November 17, 1867 – May 13, 1929) was an American manager and (briefly) player in Major League Baseball. His most famous achievement – leading the Boston Braves from last place in mid-July to the National League championship and a World Series sweep of the powerful Philadelphia Athletics – resulted in a nickname he would bear for the rest of his life: "The Miracle Man."
Career.
He was born on November 17, 1867 in Atlanta, Georgia. Stallings graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1886. He entered medical school, but was instead offered a contract by Harry Wright, manager of the Philadelphia Phillies. He was cut in spring training. Stallings was a mediocre player: he appeared in only seven major league games as a catcher, first baseman and outfielder with Brooklyn (1890) and the Phillies (1897–98) and had only two hits in 20 at-bats, hitting a weak .100. As a manager, he had a mixed major league resume prior to 1914: a poor record with the Phillies (1897–98), then mild successes in the American League with the Detroit Tigers (1901) and New York Highlanders (1909–10). In the minor leagues, he managed the Nashville Seraphs to win the Southern League pennant; he also played an infield position on the team. He also managed Detroit before it became a major league team in part of 1896 and from the end of 1898 through its becoming a charter member of the American League.
Named manager of the last-place Braves after the 1912 season, Stallings raised Boston to fifth place in the NL in his first season, 1913, but the Braves were sunk at the bottom of the eight-team league and 11½ games from the frontrunning New York Giants on July 15, 1914 when they began their meteoric rise. With Stallings expertly handling a roster of light hitters (Boston hit only .251 as a team) and relying on pitchers Dick Rudolph and Bill James (who each won 26 games), the Braves won 52 of their final 66 contests to overtake the other seven National League teams and finish 10½ games in front of the second-place Giants. They then defeated the heavily favored Philadelphia Athletics in four straight games to earn the nickname "Miracle Braves."
Stallings is credited with being the first manager to use platooning to good effect. It was not strictly left/right hand platooning (there were then relatively few southpaw pitchers), but he did change his lineup significantly when the Braves played a team starting a left-handed pitcher. Bill James credits him with being the first major league manager to use platooning as a weapon, rather than to cover a hitter's weaknesses.
The 1914 championship was the only World Series title earned by the Braves during their tenure in Boston, which lasted through March 1953. It also was Stallings’ first and only big league championship. He managed the Braves through 1920, but posted no winning season after 1916. His career major league managing record was 879 wins, 898 losses (.495) over 13 years.
Stallings was responsible for bringing professional baseball back to the city of Montreal, Quebec. In 1928, his partnership with Montreal lawyer and politician Athanase David and businessman Ernest Savard resurrected the Montreal Royals as part of the International League. They built the modern new Delorimier Stadium in downtown Montreal as the home for the team that would be where Jackie Robinson would break the baseball color barrier in 1946.
Stallings was famous for his superstitions, and for his nervousness on the bench. He has been described as both "distinguished" and salty-tongued. He died in Haddock, Georgia at age 61 of heart disease. According to legend, when asked by his physician why he had a bad heart, Stallings replied, "Bases on balls, doc ... those damned bases on balls."

</doc>
<doc id="2929251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929251" title="Ariels">
Ariels

Ariels is the third studio album from the electronica band Bent, released October 12, 2004 through Open/Ministry of Sound. There is a stronger element of acoustic instruments present on the album than the previous releases, and the earlier extensive use of samples has been toned down.

</doc>
<doc id="2929258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929258" title="Andrew Lawrence">
Andrew Lawrence

Andrew Lawrence may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929263" title="Third Hill Mountain">
Third Hill Mountain

Third Hill Mountain is located in Berkeley County, West Virginia in the Eastern Panhandle. Third Hill Mountain reaches its highest elevation of above sea-level southeast of the "Locks-of-the-Mountain" where it "locks" with Sleepy Creek Mountain. The long distance Tuscarora Trail passes along ridge and bench of the mountain.
Adjacent area.
Together with Sleepy Creek Mountain, the two mountains contain between them Sleepy Creek Lake and the Sleepy Creek Wildlife Management Area. Sleepy Creek and Third Hill Mountains are distinctive for their height in the relatively level terrain of the far Eastern Panhandle region of West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2929265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929265" title="LBD">
LBD

LBD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929266" title="Timken 1111">
Timken 1111

Timken 1111, also called the Timken Four Aces, was a 4-8-4 steam locomotive built in 1930 by American Locomotive Company (Alco) to serve as a demonstration unit for new roller bearings produced by the Timken Roller Bearing Company. It was the first locomotive built with all sealed roller bearings rather than the friction bearings or a mix of the two types.
Design and construction.
Timken chose a 4-8-4 on which to demonstrate the company's bearings so the locomotive could be used in all types of railroad work, especially on heavy freight and fast passenger trains. A total of 52 different parts manufacturers agreed to supply their parts for the locomotive "on account" until the locomotive operated over 100,000 miles (161,000 km). The suppliers' names were placed on a plaque that was fastened to the tender for the duration of the demonstration period.
Assembly took place at Alco's Schenectady, New York, plant, the former Schenectady Locomotive Works.
In-service demonstration.
The locomotive's first demonstration runs were hauling freight on the New York Central Railroad. After those demonstrations, it was used on thirteen other major railroads, including the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad, New Haven Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR), in both freight and passenger service. The PRR used the locomotive on a passenger train where it hauled twelve passenger cars through the Allegheny Mountains so well that the train did not require the use of helpers and arrived at its destination three minutes early.
At some of the stations on the locomotive's demonstration runs, publicity stunts were held where the locomotive would be pulled by as few as three men (or as was done in Chicago, by three women); these publicity stunts were designed to show that the roller bearings produced so little friction that the locomotive could easily be moved by hand.
By August 1931, the locomotive had been used for over 90,000 miles (145,000 km) when it was delivered to the Northern Pacific Railroad, the fifteenth railroad to demonstrate the locomotive. With a dynamometer car in tow, the Northern Pacific was able to drive the locomotive as fast as a sustained 88 mph (142 km/h) while pulling the "North Coast Limited" passenger train past Willow Creek, Montana. However, while in service for the Northern Pacific 1111 suffered severe crown sheet damage. Timken demanded that Northern Pacific repair it, while Northern Pacific refused to repair a locomotive they did not own. The resulting agreement led to the sale of 1111 to Northern Pacific.
Regular use and disposition.
The Northern Pacific purchased the 1111 from Timken on February 8, 1933, after it crossed the mark. The railroad renumbered it to 2626, classifying it internally as locomotive class A-1 (this locomotive was the class's sole member), and used it in passenger service between Seattle and Yakima, Washington, and later shifted its service to passenger trains between Seattle and Missoula, Montana. Northern Pacific used the locomotive for 23 years before retiring it from active service. The locomotive's last run was made on August 4, 1957 when it pulled a passenger train from Seattle to Cle Elum and return.
Efforts were made at preservation for the locomotive, and the Timken Company even seriously attempted to purchase the locomotive and move it back to the company's Canton, Ohio, headquarters under its own power. But the locomotive was scrapped before Timken and Northern Pacific could complete their negotiations.

</doc>
<doc id="2929283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929283" title="Andrew Lawrence (comedian)">
Andrew Lawrence (comedian)

Andrew Lawrence is a British stand-up comedian.
Early life and education.
Born in Kingston, Lawrence attended Tiffin School, Kingston= and the University of St Andrews where he started his stand-up career at a regular comedy night.
Stage career.
Lawrence's act exploits his range of voices, includes references to his ginger hair and songs performed on an acoustic guitar. His university debut led on to the Edinburgh fringe, where he was runner up in the 2003 "So You Think You're Funny" competition. Subsequent wins of the 
"Amused Moose Starsearch", "York Comedy Festival New Act of the Year Competition" and the BBC's "New Act of the Year Competition" in 2004 confirmed him as an emerging talent on the UK comedy scene.
He presented his first hour-long comedy show at the 2006 Edinburgh Festival Fringe entitled "How to Butcher your Loved Ones". It was nominated for the if.comeddie award (as it was known for that year only) for Best Newcomer. He has returned to the Fringe every year since then. His 2007 Fringe show, "Social Leprosy For Beginners & Improvers", was nominated for the main if.comedy award. He returned to the Fringe in 2008 with a new show, "Don't Just Do Something, Sit There". This was followed by "Soul-Crushing Vicissitudes Of Fortune!" in 2009, "The Too Ugly For Television Tour" and "Non-Conformists' Guide To Civic Responsibility" in 2010, the "Best Kept Secret In Comedy Tour" in 2011, "Is Coming To Get You" in 2012 and "There Is No Escape" in 2013.
Lawrence also tours widely in the UK, including the West End and occasionally outside the UK, such as the Montreal Festival Showcase.
TV and radio.
Since the BBC "New Act of the Year Competition" win in 2004, Lawrence has performed in numerous radio and TV shows, not only as a stand-up but also branching out as a presenter and comic actor.
He had a role as a Christian builder (Marco) in the 2009 BBC TV sitcom Ideal.

</doc>
<doc id="2929300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929300" title="Samuel Ball Platner">
Samuel Ball Platner

Samuel Ball Platner (December 4, 1863 – August 20, 1921) was an American classicist and archaeologist.
Platner was born at Unionville, Connecticut, and educated at Yale College. He taught at Western Reserve University and is best known as the author of various topographical works on ancient Rome, chief among them "A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome", completed after Platner's death by Thomas Ashby and published in 1929; and as a contributor to the 1911 Britannica.

</doc>
<doc id="2929304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929304" title="Ontario New Democratic Party candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Ontario New Democratic Party candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

The New Democratic Party of Ontario ran a full slate of 103 candidates in the 1999 provincial election. Nine of these candidates were elected, making the party the third-largest in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Some of these candidates have separate biography pages; information on others may be found here.
This page also includes information about New Democratic Party of Ontario candidates in by-elections held between 1999 and 2003.
Candidates.
Brampton West—Mississauga: John Devries.
Devries moved to Brampton, Ontario, from Amsterdam, Netherlands, in the early 1970s. He has been a food bank volunteer in the area, and started an employment help organization called the Labour Action Centre in 1994, after losing his job with Caterpillar Inc. Devries was 52 years old during the 1999 election, and also operated a non-profit apartment building in Toronto ("Toronto Star", 26 May 1999).
He first campaigned for the NDP in the 1990 provincial election, replacing original party nominee Martha MacDonald halfway through the campaign ("Toronto Star", 13 September 1990). Despite his late entry, Devries came within 98 votes of defeating Liberal incumbent Carman McClelland in Brampton North. Devries received 11,588 votes (34.63%), finishing less than half a percentage point behind McClelland. MacDonald, who received 434 votes as an independent candidate, may have prevented Devries from winning.
He contested the same constituency in the 1995 provincial election, and received 5,288 votes (12.98%) amid a general loss of support for the NDP across most of the province. The winner was Joe Spina of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Devries received 2,824 votes (6.33%) in the 1999 election, finishing third against Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Tony Clement. Devries emphasized health care in this campaign, noting that Brampton only had one hospital for 300,000 people.
In 2000, Devries had a letter published in the "Toronto Star" entitled, "True Christians can't support right-wing policies". He criticized Canadian Alliance leadership candidate Stockwell Day for pursuing policies that would hurt the most vulnerable in society, and opposed the calls of some church leaders to support Day as a "family values" candidate ("Toronto Star", 13 June 2000).
St. Catharines: Gordon Coggins.
Coggins is a retired professor from Brock University in St. Catharines, and a former head of the English department at Aldershot High School in Burlington. In 1977, he published "A Guide to Writing Essays and Research Papers". He wrote an open letter to the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation in 1997, encouraging solidarity in the face of government threats. Coggins has written critical pieces on the Multilateral Agreement on Investment, the International Monetary Fund and the military policies of the United States government. In 2004, he co-drafted a presentation for the city of Windsor on Municipal Property Tax Assessment, entitled "Our Tax System in Crisis".[http://web.archive.org/web/20041216100253/http://www.citywindsor.ca/DisplayAttach.asp?AttachID=1236
He received 2,902 votes (6.21%) in 1999, finishing in third place against Liberal Party candidate Jim Bradley.
York West.
Stephnie Payne is a longtime school board trustee and community activist in Toronto, Ontario. She ran as a candidate for the Ontario New Democratic Party in the 1999 provincial election in York West.
In 1999, Payne was head of the San Romano Way Revitalization, a community based organization in the Jane and Finch community.
by-elections.
Parry Sound—Muskoka: Joanne Bury.
Joanne Bury, formerly known as Joanne Bury-Malchuk, is a freelance writer and activist for the disabled. She has been a New Democratic Party candidate in two federal elections and one provincial by-election; in 1988, she appeared on the ballot as "Joanne Malchuk."
She is vocally pro-choice and has criticized the Canadian anti-abortion movement for picketing abortion facilities rather than supporting affordable housing for mothers and children.

</doc>
<doc id="2929305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929305" title="Carl L. Sitter">
Carl L. Sitter

Carl Leonard Sitter (December 2, 1922 – April 4, 2000) was a highly decorated United States Marine Corps officer and Korean War Medal of Honor recipient.
Marine Corps career.
He was born in Syracuse, Missouri, but grew up in Pueblo, Colorado. Upon graduating from Pueblo's Central High School, he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps on June 22, 1940. He served for eight months in Iceland, then was ordered to the Pacific area. He was serving as a corporal in the Wallis Islands when, on December 12, 1942, he was given a field commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Marine Corps Reserve. He later received a regular commission. 
Sitter saw combat on Eniwetok in the Marshall Islands, and Guam in the Marianas. He was first wounded on February 20, 1944 on Eniwetok, but went back into action almost immediately.
He was wounded again the following July on Guam, during the action in which he earned the Silver Star. The situation was similar, though on a smaller scale, to the one in which he earned the Medal of Honor: he exposed himself to enemy fire to lead his rifle platoon, and when wounded refused to be evacuated until his mission was accomplished.
Captain Sitter was awarded the Medal of Honor for leadership during a two-day battle at Hagaru-ri, Korea. In the bitter fighting between the Chinese Communists and the surrounded U.N. forces near the Chosin Reservoir in November 1950, Captain Sitter was wounded by hand grenades, but continued to lead his men until he repulsed a counterattack. He is one of four Medal of Honor recipients from Pueblo, Colorado, the others being William J. Crawford, Drew Dennis Dix, and Raymond G. Murphy.
He retired from active duty on June 30, 1970, after reaching the rank of colonel in the Marine Corps.
Medal of Honor citation.
The President of the United States takes pride in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR to
CAPTAIN CARL L. SITTERUNITED STATES MARINE CORPS
for service as set forth in the following CITATION:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Commanding Officer of Company G, Third Battalion, First Marines, First Marine Division (Reinforced), in action against enemy aggressor forces at Hagaru-ri, Korea, on 29 and November 30, 1950. Ordered to break through enemy-infested territory to reinforce his Battalion the early morning of November 29, Captain Sitter continuously exposed himself to enemy fire as he led his company forward and, despite twenty-five percent casualties suffered in the furious action, succeeded in driving through to his objective. Assuming the responsibility of attempting to seize and occupy a strategic area occupied by a hostile force of regiment strength deeply entrenched on a snow-covered hill commanding the entire valley southeast of the town, as well as the line of march of friendly troops withdrawing to the south, he reorganized his depleted units the following morning and boldly led them up the steep, frozen hillside under blistering fire, encouraging and redeploying his troops as casualties occurred and directing forward platoons as they continued the drive to the top of the ridge. During the night when a vastly outnumbering enemy launched a sudden, vicious counterattack, setting the hill ablaze with mortar, machine-gun, and automatic weapons fire and taking a heavy toll in troops, Captain Sitter visited each foxhole and gun position, coolly deploying and integrating reinforcing units consisting of service personnel unfamiliar with infantry tactics into a coordinated combat team and instilling in every man the will and determination to hold his position at all costs. With the enemy penetrating his lines in repeated counterattacks which often required hand-to-hand combat and, on one occasion infiltrating to the command post with hand grenades, he fought gallantly with his men in repulsing and killing the fanatic attackers in each encounter. Painfully wounded in the face, arms and chest by bursting grenades, he staunchly refused to be evacuated and continued to fight on until a successful defense of the area was assured with a loss to the enemy of more than fifty percent dead, wounded and captured. His valiant leadership, superb tactics and great personal valor throughout thirty-six hours of bitter combat reflect the highest credit upon Captain Sitter, and the United States Naval Service.
/S/ HARRY S. TRUMAN
Awards and decorations.
Sitter's medals and decorations include: the Medal of Honor; the Silver Star Medal; the Legion of Merit; the Purple Heart with two Gold Stars in lieu of second and third awards; two Presidential Unit Citations; two Navy Unit Commendations; the Good Conduct Medal; the American Defense Service Medal; the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with two bronze stars; the American Campaign Medal; the World War II Victory Medal; the National Defense Service Medal with one bronze star; the Korean Service Medal with four bronze stars; the United Nations Service Medal; the Chungmu Medal with silver star from the Republic of Korea; and two Korean Presidential Unit Citations. Sitter was also a member of Oasis of Mara Masonic Lodge No 735 in Twentynine Palms, California
He was also honored as one of seven grand marshals of the 1952 Tournament of Roses Parade. He is one of four soldiers depicted in a sculpture at the Pueblo Medal of Honor Memorial.
Post-Marine Corps career.
After 30 years in the Marine Corps, Sitter went to work for the Virginia Department of Social Services. He retired in 1985 at age 63. 
In 1998, at age 75, Sitter returned to college, graduating on May 28, 1999 at age 77. 
Sitter died in Richmond, Virginia, and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2929309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929309" title="The Albuquerque Tribune">
The Albuquerque Tribune

The Albuquerque Tribune was an afternoon newspaper in Albuquerque, New Mexico, founded in 1922 by Carlton Cole Magee as "Magee's Independent". It was published in the afternoon and evening Monday through Saturday.
On February 20, 2008, E. W. Scripps Company announced that the "Tribune" would close, effective February 23, 2008. The closure followed a seven-month effort by the company to sell the paper, which had declined in circulation from 42,000 in 1988 to about 10,000 in 2008. Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico declared the paper's last day "Albuquerque Tribune Day" in his state, to "celebrate the "Tribune"’s long and proud history and its honorable service to the state."
Eileen Welsome of "The Albuquerque Tribune" won the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting in 1994 for her series entitled "The Plutonium Experiment", a series about human radiation experiments that took place at the Walter E. Fernald State School of Massachusetts, among other locations.
Logo.
The paper's logo and the logo of the entire Scripps-Howard newspaper chain, depicting a lighthouse, was inspired by founder Magee's original slogan: "Give Light and the People Will Find Their Own Way"; the slogan had been adopted from Dante.
Joint operating agreement.
On February 20, 1933, "The Albuquerque Tribune" formed the nation's first joint operating agreement (JOA), entitled the "Albuquerque Plan," with the "Albuquerque Journal" in response to the Great Depression of 1929. The JOA established the Albuquerque Publishing Company and merged the "Albuquerque Evening Journal" with the "Tribune" (which at this point changed its name from the "New Mexico State Tribune" to "The Albuquerque Tribune".) 
"The Albuquerque Tribune" and "Albuquerque Journal" merged presses, advertising and circulation while remaining as separate editorial entities. As part of the joint operating agreement, the "Tribune" was to be a local newspaper only, focusing on issues in the Albuquerque metropolitan area.
Although the JOA ended when Scripps shut down the newspaper, Scripps retained its stake (about 40%) in Albuquerque Publishing Company, giving Scripps a corresponding share in any future "Albuquerque Journal" profits. Scripps had not offered to sell its share in the JOA when it attempted to sell the paper, something that "Editor & Publisher" noted was another factor in Scripps' inability to find a buyer for the "Tribune".

</doc>
<doc id="2929310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929310" title="Albuquerque Journal">
Albuquerque Journal

The Albuquerque Journal is the largest newspaper in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
History.
The Albuquerque Journal traces its history to 1880. It is the successor to a newspaper called the Golden Gate, which was established in June of that year. In the fall of 1880, the owner of the Golden Gate died and Journal Publishing Company was founded. The first Albuquerque Daily Journal was published on Oct. 14, 1880.
The Daily Journal was published on a single sheet of newsprint, folded to make four pages. Those pages were divided into five columns, and the headlines were miniature compared to those of today. Advertising appeared on the front page. The Daily Journal was published in the evening until the first Territorial Fair opened in October 1881. On Oct. 4 of that year, a morning Journal was published to record the day’s events at the fair. The morning Journal continued for six issues. The last issue was published on Sunday, Oct. 9 – making it the first Sunday newspaper ever to appear in Albuquerque.
The Daily Journal was first published in Old Town, a present-day tourist attraction near downtown Albuquerque. In 1882 it moved to the “new” town near the railroad tracks. The operation was housed in a single room at Second and Silver streets. That year the evening paper was discontinued and the Albuquerque Morning Journal appeared. The Morning Journal continued until 1887, when it was absorbed by the Albuquerque Daily Democrat, a newspaper founded in Santa Fe which had moved to Albuquerque.
The paper’s name changed again in 1899 to the Albuquerque Journal-Democrat. A change in policy necessitated the dropping of Democrat from the paper’s name in 1903, and it appeared again as the Albuquerque Morning Journal. Since 1925, the paper has been known as the Albuquerque Journal and followed an independent editorial policy.
As New Mexico’s oldest, largest and only statewide newspaper, the Albuquerque Journal not only keeps the state’s citizens informed, it keeps them connected. The newspaper has always been a forum for public debate and a medium for information, providing news coverage on important issues throughout the city, state and country.
Editions and sections.
The Albuquerque Journal is published Monday through Saturday. In addition to the Journal’s four-star or final edition, the newspaper also publishes news and advertising sections emphasizing different regions, including the Journal North; Journal Santa Fe; the West Side Journal, covering the metro area’s West Side; and the Rio Rancho Journal, covering Rio Rancho, Corrales, Bernalillo and Sandoval County. Various sections published throughout the week include: Business Outlook (tabloid section on Mondays); Business; Sports; Metro & N.M.; Health; Education; Food; Go; Fetch; Venue (entertainment tabloid on Fridays); RPM (auto tabloid on Fridays); Entertainer (TV book on Saturdays); and Home. The Albuquerque Journal publishes quarterly magazines - Sage, Fit and Live Well - as well as a variety of special sections throughout the year. 
The Sunday Journal is published on Sundays. Sections include: Living; Arts; Books; Travel; Careers; Real Estate; Money; Dimension; and Wall Street Journal business.
Prices.
"Single Copy:" 
Subscription Rates:
Daily/Sunday

</doc>
<doc id="2929312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929312" title="Murray Street, Perth">
Murray Street, Perth

Murray Street is one of four main east-west roads within the Perth central business district.
History.
The street, the central portion of which has become a pedestrian mall, was named after Sir George Murray, Secretary of State for War and the Colonies from 1828 to 1830.
It is the one main road in Perth that has an eastern ending at a church - the Roman Catholic St Mary's Cathedral; the other major churches in the CBD are on the sides of the city streets.
The mall was created later than the Hay Street mall and its central section had no hotels whereas Wellington, Hay and St Georges Terrace have.
The number of historic arcades linking with the Hay Street mall is significant compared to other parts of the CBD.
The western and eastern ends of the street have had significant changes in land use compared to the central section.
Shops and malls.
The strip has many popular shops lining the street including flagship outlets for department stores such as Myer, David Jones, Woolworths and Target. Recent development along Murray street has seen the addition of a number of both national and international retailers including - Nespresso, Swarovski, G-Star Raw, Quiksilver, General Pants Co., Aquilla, Industrie, Margaret River Chocolate co., Hurley, Pandora and many more.
In addition to this development is now under way at the carillon centre that will see the addition of Zara to the Mall.
East Precinct.
The Murray Street East Precinct includes the heritage listed area between Pier Street and Victoria Square. Notable buildings/features within the heritage precinct include;
Accessibility.
The Murray Street mall is directly connected to the Perth railway station by an entry at the west end of the mall, and via Forrest Place to the original Perth railway station and the Museum of Western Australia. Parking garages are also located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="2929315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929315" title="Samuel W. Taylor">
Samuel W. Taylor

Samuel Woolley Taylor (February 5, 1907 – September 26, 1997) was an American novelist, scriptwriter and historian.
Biography.
Taylor was born in Provo, Utah to Janet "Nettie" Maria Woolley and John W. Taylor, the son of John Taylor, the late president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Samuel's father was a former member of the church's Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, having left in 1905 in protest over the church's recent abandonment of polygamy. Despite his father's ecclesiastical history and excommunication in 1911, Samuel was raised in the LDS Church. He later wrote a biography of his father called "Family Kingdom", and one of his grandfather titled "The Kingdom or Nothing".
In the late 1920s Taylor attended Brigham Young University (BYU) studying journalism. He became editor of the student newspaper "Y News", in which he also wrote a weekly column called "Taylored Topics." After covering a story about bootleggers on campus, Taylor was questioned by school administration to divulge his sources, but he refused. After a temporary suspension, he returned to his previous position with the paper, and returned to upsetting administration with his writing. After six suspensions, he later recalled that he could "take a hint" and dropped out of BYU. By then he had already published five articles in nationally distributed magazines. He decided to "escape" Utah and followed Gay Dimick, a fellow BYU student, back to her native California. They married there in 1934 and established their longtime home in Redwood City.
In World War II, he served as an officer in the Army Air Force public relations office in the European theater of war.
He was awarded an honorary lifetime membership by the Association for Mormon Letters in 1994.
Writings.
Film scripts and adaptations.
In 1942, the first film based on one of Taylor's stories, "The Man Who Returned to Life", was released. This was later followed in 1951 by "The Man with My Face" based on his novel of the same name.
His first foray into screenwriting began with "Bait" in 1954. 
In contrast to the serious nature of these films, Taylor was also the author of two short stories, published in "Liberty", on which the Disney movies "The Absent-Minded Professor", "Flubber", and "Son of Flubber" were based.
He is sometimes incorrectly credited as the writer of Hitchcock's 1958 film "Vertigo", though that screenplay was actually written by Samuel A. Taylor.
General novels.
Those novels not dealing specifically with Mormonism:
Latter-day Saint works.
Criticism.
Taylor was an early proponent of a Mormon literature in essays such as "Peculiar People,
Positive Thinkers and the Prospects of Mormon Literature" ("", 1967) and "Little Did She Realize: Writing for the Mormon Market" ("Dialogue", 1969), wherein he decried the current state of the literature and called for greater artistry and realism.

</doc>
<doc id="2929319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929319" title="Ugly Hill">
Ugly Hill

Ugly Hill is a webcomic written and drawn by Paul Southworth. The titular "Ugly Hill" is the home town of the main characters.
"Ugly Hill" is currently a part of Blank Label Comics. On 2006-11-07 it was announced that "Ugly Hill" would be published on Viper Comics' website. "Ugly Hill" has also been published in newspapers, notably The Turlock Journal (Turlock, CA), due to Ugly Hill's association with Keenspot.
"Ugly Hill" was recognized with the Web Cartoonist's Choice Award 2006 for Outstanding Character Art and a nomination in 2007 for Outstanding Character Rendering.
The Web comic has had several guest authors/artists, such as Howard Tayler of "Schlock Mercenary" and Kristofer Straub of "Starslip Crisis".
Paul Southworth has been a guest speaker at two major conventions in recent years, the New York Comic Con in 2006 and Vericon in 2007.
On March 29, 2009, Paul Southworth concluded adding new content to Ugly Hill. Paul's newest active project is "Not Invented Here".

</doc>
<doc id="2929323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929323" title="List of places in Newport">
List of places in Newport

This is a categorised list of places in the City of Newport, South Wales.
Electoral Wards.
"See :Category: Wards of Newport"
This is a list of electoral wards:
Cultural venues.
Performing arts.
Performing arts venues with seating capacity:
Typically standing venues:
Transport.
Bridges and crossings.
River Usk, north to south:

</doc>
<doc id="2929331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929331" title="Mount Porte Crayon">
Mount Porte Crayon

Mount Porte Crayon is a mountain in the Roaring Plains Wilderness of the Monongahela National Forest. It is situated in the extreme northeastern corner of Randolph County, West Virginia, USA, and rises to an elevation of , the elevational climax of the Allegheny Front. The mountain is named for 19th century writer and illustrator David Hunter Strother (1816–88), known as "Porte Crayon" (French, "porte-crayon": "pencil/crayon holder"), who produced a wide array of early West Virginia landscapes in his work.
Geography.
Mount Porte Crayon is the sixth highest point in the state of West Virginia and the northernmost of the top ten state highpoints. It is also the highest point on the Roaring Plains, a natural extension of the Dolly Sods Wilderness. The summit area is presently set aside as an prescribed management area, and is a Research Natural Area, for a native mountaintop red spruce forest that is home to endangered northern flying squirrel and endangered Cheat Mountain salamander. Mount Porte Crayon is the remote headwaters to three drainages and is the highest point on the Eastern Continental Divide in West Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania.
History.
Naming.
A group of admirers formed the "Porte Crayon Memorial Society" in 1940. Upon learning of the promontory (as it was then measured) in the heart of the writer-illustrator's beloved highland terrain, they successfully lobbied to have it named in his honor. On July 5, 1940, a dedication ceremony was held at the top of the Mountain following a three-hour trek to the site. It included a eulogy, a singing of the national anthem, and the raising of the Star-Spangled Banner atop a spruce flagpole.
Nature Conservancy preserve.
In 2008, the Nature Conservancy established a new preserve on of red spruce-northern hardwood forest and shrub-filled pastures which are slowly returning to woodland. The Mount Porte Crayon Preserve is wrapped around the southern shoulder of its namesake Mountain and borders Monongahela National Forest's Roaring Plains Wilderness for more than three-fourths of a mile. This is part of an ongoing, long-term program by the Nature Conservancy to protect at Mount Porte Crayon.
Climate.
Mount Porte Crayon is notorious for its inclement weather and strong winds. The prevailing westerly winds are so severe, they have deformed the red spruce trees, causing branches to grow on only one side. The summit itself is very isolated and difficult to access. Although some may make a summit bid into an overnight trip, experienced hikers with a map and compass and/or GPS can easily summit Mount Porte Crayon as a day hike.
Recreation.
Hiking.
Mount Porte Crayon remains one of West Virginia's most inaccessible peaks, since it is far from the nearest trail, let alone a public road. A walk to the summit using the U.S. Forest Service's Flat Rock Run Trail or Roaring Plains Trail totals 5+ miles and is a gain endeavor. This involves a three-mile bushwhack through dense spruce thicket (including half a mile of some very thick spruce and rhododendron). Summiting Mount Porte Crayon is for experienced hikers only and its difficulty should not be underestimated. Views are afforded from a crag, known as Thunderstruck Rock, about a quarter mile from the summit.
A visit to the Nature Conservancy's preserve, which is open to the public, involves a 3-mile round-trip hike from the junction of the aforementioned trails along the Mount Porte Crayon Grade — a former railroad swath that now accommodates an unmarked and unmaintained trail onto the preserve.
Ski resort plans.
Mount Porte Crayon has been involved in controversy due to plans by Bill Bright, developer of the Winterplace and Glade Springs resorts, who wants to bring a ski resort to the area. The proposed ski area is rumored to be named "Almost Heaven Mountain Resort" and will have the largest vertical drop south of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2929332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929332" title="Joseph Halpern">
Joseph Halpern

Joseph Yehuda Halpern (born 1953) is a professor of computer science at Cornell University. Most of his research is on reasoning about knowledge and uncertainty.
Halpern graduated in 1975 from University of Toronto with a B.S. in mathematics. He went on to earn a Ph.D. in mathematics from Harvard University in 1981 under the supervision of Albert R. Meyer and Gerald Sacks. He has written two books, "Reasoning about Uncertainty" and "Reasoning About Knowledge" and is a winner of the 1997 Gödel Prize in theoretical computer science and the 2009 Dijkstra Prize in distributed computing. In 2002 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery and in 2012 he was selected as an IEEE Fellow.
Halpern is also the administrator for the Computing Research Repository, the computer science branch of arXiv.org, and the moderator for the "general literature" and "other" subsections of the repository.
His students include Nir Friedman, Daphne Koller, and Yoram Moses.

</doc>
<doc id="2929336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929336" title="Georgia State Route 81">
Georgia State Route 81

State Route 81 (SR 81) is a diagonal state highway that runs southwest-to-northeast in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Its route exists within portions of Henry, Newton, Walton, and Barrow counties.
Route description.
Western terminus to Oxford.
SR 81 begins at an intersection with US 19/US 41/SR 3 (Bear Creek Boulevard), just south of Lovejoy, in Henry County. It heads east to McDonough. There, it intersects SR 20 (Hampton Road). They run concurrent to the northeast, into the main part of town. Immediately, they have an interchange with Interstate 75 (I-75) at exit 218. Afterward, the two highways intersect US 23/SR 42. A little farther to the east is an intersection with SR 155 (Zack Hinton Parkway). At this intersection, SR 20 splits off to the north. SR 81 then heads to the southeast before curving to the northeast and crosses over the South River, into Newton County. In Henry County, SR 81 is signed as a west–east route; signage changes to south–north at or near the Newton County line. The highway has an intersection with SR 212. Then, it head north before curving to the northeast again. It meets SR 162 just before it enters Porterdale. In town is an intersection with the northern terminus of SR 162 Connector. SR 81 crosses over the Yellow River and passes through the main part of town. Immediately after leaving Porterdale, it enters Covington, where it turn north and intersects US 278/SR 12, before passing under, but not interchanging I-20. Then, it passes through Oxford.
Oxford to Winder.
On the northern end of Oxford, the road curves to the north-northeast and meet the northern terminus of SR 142, before turning to the north and entering Walton County. Northward is Walnut Grove, where it intersects SR 138. The route heads north-northwest to Loganville. In town is a brief concurrency with US 78/SR 10 (Atlanta Highway) and splits off to the northwest. In the main part of town is a very brief concurrency with SR 20. Then, it heads northeast, passing through rural areas of the county, before it crosses the Apalachee River into Barrow County. Southwest of Winder is an intersection with US 29/SR 316. Just before entering Winder, the highway passes Fort Yargo State Park on its western end. In Winder, it reaches its northern terminus, an intersection with US 29 Business/SR 8/SR 11/SR 53.

</doc>
<doc id="2929338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929338" title="David Yalof">
David Yalof

David Alistair Yalof is an American academic. He is Professor and Department Head of the Political Science department at the University of Connecticut, where he specializes in constitutional law, judicial politics and executive branch politics. His books include "Pursuit of Justices", which NBC News called "the definitive book on post-World War II Supreme Court nominees". 

</doc>
<doc id="2929340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929340" title="A453 road">
A453 road

The A453 road was formerly the main trunk road connecting the English cities of Nottingham and Birmingham. However, the middle section of this mainly single-carriageway road has largely been downgraded to B roads or unclassified roads following the construction of the parallel M42-A42 link around 1990. The M42 was originally meant to pass further north than it does, and to join the M1 at Sandiacre in Derbyshire. The M42/A42 does not enter Derbyshire, but instead joins the M1 closer to the A453 junction at Kegworth. The A42 shadows the former A453 from Appleby Magna to Castle Donington. The road historically connected the East Midlands with the West Midlands.
Route.
Perry Barr to Tamworth.
The southern stretch of the existing A453 runs as a non-trunk route from the A34 in north Birmingham under the M6 motorway to the A452 road, and on through Sutton Coldfield. It starts at the point where the A34 crosses the Chase Line at Perry Barr railway station. On the right hand side is Birmingham City University and the road passes through Witton. As "Aldridge Road" it becomes a dual carriage-way and crosses the River Tame. To the left is Perry Park, and it passes under the M6, becoming "College Road". It crosses the Tame Valley Canal, and there is a left turn for the dual-carriageway "Kingstanding Road" (B4138) in Perry, the former Roman road Ryknild Street. In Upper Witton there is a roundabout and Perry Barr fire station is on the left next to Perry Common library, with The College High School on the right, and there is a crossroads, with the left turn for Kingstanding. There is another roundabout, with a left turn for Kingstanding, and the road passes through Perry Common. On the right is St Mary's College, Oscott, a Roman Catholic seminary (Archdiocese of Birmingham), and the road meets "Chester Road" (A452) at busy crossroads.
The road continues after the crossroads as "College Road", but becomes "Jockey Road" where it meets the B4149 from the left (for Kingstanding, a large Tesco, and Pheasey) at a roundabout at New Oscott. In Boldmere, there is a right turn for "Boldmere Road" (B4142) next to the "Sutton Park". It passes St Nicholas catholic church on the right and crosses the Cross-City Line with Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls on the left. Near St Peter's church in Maney and the "Horse and Jockey" it runs concurrently with the A5127 through the town centre of Sutton Coldfield, splitting in two at a roundabout, and passing Sutton Coldfield railway station. It passes over and under two railway lines, then passes the police and fire station, with Birmingham Metropolitan College (former Sutton Coldfield College) and Bishop Vesey's Grammar School on the right.
At the Tamworth Road junction at Doe Bank, it passes under a 15 ft 6in low railway bridge, under the Cross-City Line. It passes a crossroads, with Moorhouse Golf Club to the left, and "Whitehouse Common Road" (B4148) to the right. It crosses the M6 Toll, then Collets Brook, where it enters Staffordshire, and the district of Lichfield at Hints. When the A38 was dualled, the A453 was moved to the west, to meet at the Bassetts Pole roundabout. This was not only the meeting point of the Birmingham to Nottingham road, and the A38 (former A446), but is also the meeting point of Warwickshire, Staffordshire and the former West Midlands county. At the roundabout is the "Bassetts Pole" Harvester, and a McDonald's. As a dual-carriageway trunk road at Carroway Head, it meets the B4151 from the left (for Roughley), and becomes the parish boundary between Hints and Drayton Bassett, and a single carriageway, as "Sutton Road". It is only a trunk road for until it meets the A5, after crossing the Heart of England Way, Bourne Brook and the former A5, now the B5404, at Mile Oak, Fazeley.
As the non-trunk "Bonehill Road" it crosses the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, where it enters the district of Tamworth. It meets a roundabout for a garden centre to the left, and the next one for the Jolly Sailor retail park, to the right, with Tamworth Sainsbury's. It meets the A51 at a large roundabout, and continues as the dual-carriageway "Riverdrive", concurrent with the A51, meeting the A4091 (for Drayton Manor Theme Park) to the south, then crosses the River Tame. The A51 leaves to the south at a large roundabout-shaped junction, partly "Ankerdrive" and "Bolebridge Street", known as The Egg which straddles the River Anker, and passes the Tamworth Odeon. It continues northwards as "Saxondrive", an inner ring road for Tamworth, with a roundabout for Tamworth railway station then continues westwards as "Offadrive" to meet its former route through Tamworth (partly the B5493), where it meets the A513 near the bridge over the West Coast Main Line. King Offa was the King of Mercia, a Saxon kingdom, with its capital as Tamworth. Previously the A453 continued along "Bonehill Road" then across Lady Bridge and along "Aldergate" in Tamworth town centre.
Former route through Ashby de la Zouch.
The downgraded former middle section continued through Tamworth and Ashby-de-la-Zouch to the M1 motorway. Formerly the road was north of its current route, running through Castle Donington, Long Eaton and Beeston. The section through Castle Donington is now unclassified south of the A50, north of the A50 it is the B6540, and from Long Eaton to Nottingham is part of the A6005.
Breedon on the Hill to Kegworth.
The only part of the section between Tamworth and the M1 now designated as the A453 is a short new link west from the limited-access A42 junction 14 to the old route in North West Leicestershire. From the A42, the downgraded section of the proposed M42, it follows "Moor Lane" as a non-trunk road. This route was formerly the A447, and continued southwards to Swannington, its present terminus. The A447 also went through Tonge. It meets the former route of the A453 at a T junction, which it follows for one mile. It passes through Isley Walton (Isley cum Langley) as "Walton Hill", where there is a left turn for the "Donington Park Farmhouse Hotel". The Donington Park motor circuit is close to the north and there is a left turn for Castle Donington, which is the former route. The road is dual carriageway for a short section and meets a roundabout. The route follows the southern edge of East Midlands Airport, along the former B5400 to Charnock Hill. There are two right turns for Diseworth, and at Long Whatton and Diseworth it leaves the former B road (which would have passed through one of the terminal buildings, across the airfield, to Kegworth), and continues on a new section of road when the airfield was extended from the former RAF Castle Donington in the mid-1960s. As "Ashby Road", there is a left turn for the Thistle EMA, then a roundabout for the Pegasus Business Park, home of Central Networks East (former East Midlands Electricity, now owned by PPL WEM Holdings since April 2011). Also off the roundabout is the Holiday Inn Express EMA and the Premier Inn EMA.
Kegworth to Nottingham.
The A453 becomes trunk road again just north of M1 junction 23A where it joins a spur of the A42 at a roundabout on the parish boundary of Kegworth, which was built when the A42 opened. Later the Donington Park services were added in July 1999. It runs parallel to the motorway to M1 junction 24, to link to the motorway and the A50 road. On the opposite side of the M1 from Molehill Farm, on 8 January 1989, the Kegworth air disaster took place. There is a right turn ("Ashby Road") for Kegworth, which is the continuation of the former B road route across the airfield. This section of the A453 from junction 24 of the M1 to the airport was opened as the £250,000 Kegworth Link Road on 3 September 1975 by a local county councillor, Mrs Kathleen Wildsmith. The road was built by Galliford and Sons. Previously traffic went straight through Kegworth. There are plans to bypass Kegworth from the south, to join the A453 roundabout at the Donington Park services roundabout.
The A453 then continues as a trunk road from the M1 for the remaining to Nottingham, with most of its traffic originating from the A50, and the rest from the A42. This section of the road follows the route of the former B679. A new section of road was built from junction 24 of the M1 to Ratcliffe-on-Soar power station (which opened in 1968), as the (late 1960s) £222,000 section, the Link road from Ratcliffe Power Station to M1. This became the A648 when completed in 1970, extending along the present B679 to West Bridgford, then the A453 in 1978, when it was diverted from its Long Eaton route. Between 1922-53 the A648 was the road from Brighouse to Denholme, now the A644. At Ratcliffe-on-Soar it crosses the River Soar, where the road enters Nottinghamshire and the district of Rushcliffe. It crosses the Midland Main Line, and there is a left turn for East Midlands Parkway railway station, which opened in January 2009. The railway from here to Nottingham railway station directly shadows the A453, to the north. There is a left turn for the power station, owned by E.ON UK, and Thrumpton. After Thrumpton the road follows a former unclassified road ("Green Street" to Clifton). There are two left turns for Barton in Fabis. The road ascends the top of Brands Hill and Mill Hill, where it enters the City of Nottingham as "Barton Lane".
It meets "Nottingham Road" from Gotham (the former main road to Kegworth, the B679) at a roundabout, with the "Crusader" Hungry Horse (former Hardys & Hansons) on the left. It passes the site of the now demolished (March 2012) "Man of Trent" on the right. It passes Clifton police station on the right, then the Clifton campus of Nottingham Trent University on the left, as "Clifton Lane". The road here became a dual carriageway in the early 1970s when the Clifton Bridge was dualled, with an exit for the B679 (the former route), for West Bridgford, and meets the A52 at an interchange. The interchange was built when the bridge was dualled in 1972. It crosses the Trent concurrently with the A52, then exits to the east as "Queens Drive" where it is no longer a trunk road. This section of road opened as the B679 when the first Clifton Bridge was opened in May 1958. It later became the A6019 (now a shorter road next to the railway station), and took a course slightly to the east. The road was dualled in the late 1970s.
To the left, on the side of the Trent, is the "Restaurant Sat Bains", Nottingham's only Michelin-starred restaurant. The Trent Valley Way crosses at the bridge. The main road previously into Nottingham from the south was the B680 ("Queens Walk"). There is a Park and Ride to the south, the Queen's Drive Retail Park to the north, and the Pork Farms factory is to the left. The road leaves the side of the River Trent, and heads north, where it widens and passes Landmark House of Experian, to the left, at the junction of "Enterprise Way" (former "King's Meadow Road", for Castle Marina Park, the headquarters of Speedo International Limited and the ng2 business park). Nottingham Queens Drive Homebase is on the left and there is a left turn for "Castle Bridge Road" (for Castle Boulevard Sainsbury's, and the Castle Marina Retail Park), and it passes the Riverside Retail Park on the left. The road widens again, and at traffic lights "Waterway Street West" (A6019) leaves to the right, which is the direction for through-traffic. The road ahead, the terminus of the A453, crosses the railway line, then the Nottingham Canal, passing HMRC on the left, and meets "Castle Boulevard" (the former A453, now A6005) next to the Nottingham Post.
Upgrades.
As of 2007 the section between the M1 motorway and Nottingham city centre required a major upgrade as it could no longer cope with the volumes of traffic that used it. From the morning peak until around 1100am, the traffic could often back up from the Nottingham Trent University Clifton campus right the way back to the Ratcliffe on Soar power station adding around 10 to 15 minutes to the journey time along this route. The problems are worse in term time where the light controlled pedestrian crossing at the university can stop traffic so often that the long tailbacks described are caused. There is a marked difference to the levels of traffic on this section outside of term time.
In March 2006 the Highways Agency announced plans for a £90m upgrade to this road including the construction of a dual-carriageway section between the M1 and the Crusader Public House island (near Clifton) to ease traffic congestion. Draft Orders and an Environmental Statement for the scheme were published on 29 January 2009, with the forecast cost rising to £168m. Construction would have started in 2010, with the road open to traffic in 2012/13. However, due to national fiscal constraints, the project was postponed in May 2010. In March 2012, the Secretaries of State for Transport and Communities and Local Government approved the proposals with some minor modifications. Work was expected to start in early 2013 and, in January 2013, a Highways Agency press release confirmed that work had begun.
Parts of the A453 between the M1 and Clifton Bridge were due to be closed in July and August 2013, but work has been postponed until late August as it clashed with the closure of Nottingham railway station for major track and signalling replacement.
The extension of the Nottingham tram (Nottingham Express Transit) to Clifton, will include the Clifton Park & Ride site off the A453, where the tram will terminate.
Safety.
In June 2008 the Road Safety Foundation announced that a single carriageway stretch of the A453 between the A38 and Tamworth was the most improved road for fatal and serious injury accidents. With an 88% reduction in crashes resulting in death and disabling injuries was rated as Green by the Foundation. Staffordshire County Council have undertaken a number of measures to upgrade the road including traffic lights, speed limit reduction, village gateway treatment, central islands and improved pedestrian facilities. These resulted in a reduction in fatal and serious collisions from 8 in 2001-3 to 1 in 2004-6.

</doc>
<doc id="2929342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929342" title="Riachuelo">
Riachuelo

Riachuelo is a word in the Spanish language, meaning a small river with little current or a brook or an arroyo.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929346" title="Peter J. Hammond">
Peter J. Hammond

Peter J. Hammond (born c. 1930s; sometimes credited as P. J. Hammond) is a British television writer.
Career.
He began writing for television in the 1960s, working on BBC police dramas such as "Dixon of Dock Green" and "Z-Cars", the latter of which he served as script editor on for a year from 1969 to 1970. In 1970 he also wrote for the fantasy series "Ace of Wands", and later in the decade contributed to the soap opera "Emmerdale Farm". He also continued to write for crime and police dramas, penning episodes of "The Sweeney". He also created the offbeat 1984 sitcom "Lame Ducks".
In the 1980s and 1990s, Hammond wrote for popular ITV police/detective shows "The Gentle Touch", "The Bill" and "Wycliffe", as well as for "Doctor Finlay", the new production of the 1960s BBC series "Dr. Finlay's Casebook". He returned to the science fiction genre by writing an episode of the 1998 Sky One series "Space Island One", although his episode was ultimately one of those that went untransmitted until 2002.
Work in the 2000s included many episodes of the popular murder mystery series "Midsomer Murders".
Sapphire & Steel.
He is best known for the creation of the science-fiction fantasy series "Sapphire & Steel", produced by ATV and screened on the ITV network in the UK from 1979 to 1982. Hammond, who had conceived the series after spending an evening in a supposedly haunted house, wrote five of the six serials that made up the programme, as well as a novelisation of the first serial.
Doctor Who and spin-offs.
Hammond was approached to write for "Doctor Who" in the mid-1980s, during the troubled production of Season 23's "The Trial of a Time Lord". His story, titled "Paradise Five", was liked by then-script editor Eric Saward, but rejected by producer John Nathan-Turner, and did not go beyond the outline stage. The script was later revived in 2009-2010 by Big Finish Productions for a full cast audio drama starring the Sixth Doctor, Colin Baker, as part of the "Lost Stories" season featuring several commissioned, but never filmed, scripts.
In October 2005, it was announced by the BBC Press Office that he would be one of the writers of the new science fiction crime series "Torchwood", a spin-off from the popular BBC One show "Doctor Who". His episode, "Small Worlds", was shown on 12 November 2006, directly opposite one of his "Midsomer Murders" scripts, "Dance with the Dead", on ITV1. He also wrote the episode "From Out of the Rain" for the second series of "Torchwood", shown on BBC Three on 12 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2929349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929349" title="The Penultimate Peril">
The Penultimate Peril

The Penultimate Peril is the twelfth novel in the children's novel series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket.
Plot.
The book starts off where "The Grim Grotto" left off. The Baudelaires are traveling with pregnant Kit Snicket to the Hotel Denouement where they start their new jobs as concierges, but secretly they are flâneurs, there to learn whether the mysterious "J.S." is helping V.F.D. or its enemies. Kit warns them not to trust Ernest, the identical twin brother to Frank, the hotel manager.
Violet's first task takes her to the rooftop sunbathing salon, where she encounters Esmé Squalor, Carmelita Spats, and "Daily Punctilio" reporter Geraldine Julienne. She hears Esme and Geraldine discussing a cocktail party which J.S. supposedly will try to spoil, but is sent off by Carmelita to get her a harpoon gun. As she leaves, she overhears Esme mention that her fashionable eyewear are to watch the skies. Violet asks Frank/Ernest for the harpoon gun and returns to the roof.
Klaus takes Sir and Charles (from "The Miserable Mill") to the sauna. Eavesdropping on their conversation, he overhears them talk about a party on Thursday, and someone with the initials of J.S. However, Frank/Ernest enters the room and in asks Klaus to hang a flypaper-like roll of sticky paper outside the window, in order to catch and trap any falling birds.
At the same time Sunny meets Vice Principal Nero, Mr. Remora, and Mrs. Bass from "The Austere Academy". She leads them to an Indian restaurant in the hotel, run by Hal from "The Hostile Hospital". Sunny listens in to a conversation between Hal and Frank. They too discuss J.S. and mysteriously refer to her as a woman, but then spot Sunny. Ernest/Frank gives her a lock to create a Vernacularly Fastened Door and he has her put it on the laundry room door.
That night, the Baudelaires exchange stories and realise that as Frank 'could not be in three places' at the same time, one of the men must be Ernest but who could the third one be? Klaus deduces that a crow will bring the sugar bowl to the Hotel. It will be shot down by the harpoon gun, fall onto the flypaper, and drop the sugar bowl into the laundry room vent. 
Suddenly, they see a man descending from the ceiling of the lobby. They think it is Ernest or Frank, but it turns out to be the third triplet, Dewey Denouement, who was the one Sunny Baudelaire encountered. Klaus had encountered Ernest, who wanted the flypaper hung to catch the crow for the villains. And Violet had encountered Frank, who slyly tried to tell Violet not to give the harpoon gun to Carmelita by saying "Are you sure a harpoon gun should be given to a young girl on the roof?" 
Dewey tells them that there is a duplicate of the Hotel at the bottom of the pond, containing a catalogue of all the secrets of V.F.D., which he has spent his entire life collecting. Then Justice Strauss and Jerome Squalor, who both believe that they are the J.S. being contacted, arrive by taxi. Justice Strauss has been working with the High Court to help the Baudelaires, and Jerome - who also felt bad over how he did not stand up for the orphans - has written a book on the matter called "Odious Lusting After Finance", in order to bring more attention to Count Olaf's treacherous misdeeds. The High Court justices are coming to put Olaf and the other evil people of V.F.D. on trial and so—on Thursday—all of the noble people will arrive to give evidence.
Re-entering the hotel, they encounter Count Olaf who says that the Hook-handed man and Fiona betrayed and him stole his submarine. Hugo, Colette and Kevin, the three carnival freaks who joined Olaf in "The Carnivorous Carnival", all arrive. Olaf also hints that the Baudelaire's own parents were not noble, and that they had something to do with a box of poison darts in an opera. Later, it is said that the poison darts were used to kill Olaf's parents, which Kit and Lemony Snicket say they were involved in, at the "fateful night at the opera". Dewey tells Olaf of the catalogue he has made, which prompts Esmé to comment that he must already know what is inside the sugar bowl, and why it is so important. She also mentions that Beatrice stole the sugar bowl from her. Olaf takes the harpoon gun from Carmelita and threatens Dewey. The Baudelaires shield him and approach Olaf as he counts to ten, however he is interrupted by the distinctive coughing of Mr. Poe, who has come from his room to investigate the loud noises. Count Olaf quickly shoves the gun into the Baudelaire's hands. Not expecting it, the Baudelaires accidentally drop the heavy gun to the ground. It discharges, and a harpoon impales Dewey, inflicting a fatal wound. As he dies he thinks of Kit Snicket who is the love of his life, and is now carrying his baby.
Dewey stumbles out of the hotel and the Baudelaires watch as he sinks into the pond. Justice Strauss's taxi driver - an enigmatic man smoking a cigarette - offers to take them away, but they cannot tell whether he is a volunteer or a villain, and they realize they cannot leave the scene of the crime. As the entire hotel is quickly awakened, the Baudelaires walk back into the hotel, and the taxi driver drives the cab away. Justice Strauss breaks the ensuing chaos up by demanding that the accused must be brought to justice in a legal trial, and both the Baudelaires and Count Olaf are locked in separate rooms until the trial.
It is early Wednesday morning when the Baudelaires go to bed, and they wake in the afternoon where they are returned to the lobby for the trial. In the trial, the phrase "justice is blind" is taken literally, and everyone except the judges are blindfolded. The trial begins and Olaf gives a brief speech where he states his innocence. The Baudelaires, however, are beginning to question their own nobility and morality and so they answer that they are "comparatively innocent". When Justice Strauss stops commenting in sentences, the Baudelaires get suspicious and remove their blindfolds to discover that the other justices are Olaf's villainous associates: the man with a beard but no hair, and the woman with hair but no beard. Olaf flees to the elevator, with a bound and gagged Justice Strauss and the Baudelaires in pursuit. Despite the Baudelaires telling everyone what has happened and they should take off their blindfolds, the villains respond that if they do so, they would be held in contempt of court, so everyone leaves them on.
The Baudelaires go with Olaf and Justice Strauss to the basement laundry room, believing the sugar bowl to be inside. They unlock the Vernacularly Fastened Door for Olaf, only to find that the sugar bowl is not there. Angered, Olaf declares that he is going to the roof to get the specimen of Medusoid Mycelium which he will spread through the hotel, killing everyone. He will then escape, by jumping off the roof in a boat. Violet agrees to help, because they also need an escape route as they are wanted by the authorities. Sunny then abruptly suggests that they burn down the Hotel, and Olaf agrees, instructing the children to start a fire in the laundry room.
In the elevator the Baudelaires press all of the buttons it stops on every floor, so they can inform everyone about the fire and the need to evacuate. However, everyone is still blindfolded and when Olaf shouts that the fire warning is a lie, some believe him. 
On the roof, Klaus reveals that the sugar bowl fell into the pond and not into the laundry room. Using sheets from the laundry room, Violet makes a parachute for the boat to safely make it off the building. Justice Strauss attempts to stop the Baudelaires leaving on the boat, but Sunny apologetically and gently bites her hand and makes her let go. The boat floats safely down to the ocean, and the Baudelaires are left both literally and figuratively adrift "in the same boat" as Count Olaf. Flames engulf the Hotel Denouement as they sail away, with them not knowing if the people inside will survive or not.
Characters.
Violet, Klaus, Sunny and Count Olaf return in this book, as in all previous books. The book contains reappearances from many characters in the series, and most make their final appearance here. The book marks the final appearances of Esme Squalor, Carmelita Spats, Geraldine Julienne, Sir, Charles, Vice Principal Nero, Mr Remora, Mrs Bass, Hal, Mr Poe, Justice Strauss, Jerome Squalor, Mr Lesko, Mrs Morrow, the man with a beard but no hair, the woman with hair but no beard, Hugo, Colette and Kevin. Frank, Ernest and Dewey Denouement make their first and only appearance here. Kit Snicket also appears in this book.

</doc>
<doc id="2929354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929354" title="World of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck">
World of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck

World of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck, known in Japan as is a 1992 platformer video game developed by Sega AM7 and produced by Sega for the Sega Genesis. The game was released in North America on December 17, 1992, in Japan on December 18, 1992 and in Europe on December 19, 1992. It is part of Sega's "Illusion" series of Mickey Mouse games.
Gameplay.
Players can either play solo as either Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck, or co-operatively with two players controlling Mickey and Donald whilst sharing from the same pool of lives. Mickey and Donald can run, jump, or attack by flourishing their capes. Enemies defeated in this way turn into doves, cards, or other harmless objects depending on the enemy. After defeating the boss of each level, a new magic spell is learned, allowing the pair to traverse the next level; i.e. flying on a magic carpet or going underwater in an air bubble. The gameplay changes slightly depending on the characters chosen. For example, Mickey can squeeze through certain gaps, while Donald must find a different route. When playing in two player mode, the players can stand on each other's shoulders and use ropes to help each other out, and Mickey can pull Donald through gaps he is too big to fit through.
The game's music, artwork and animation shows influences from classic Disney animated films (similar to the "Kingdom Hearts" series), including; "Aladdin", "The Little Mermaid", "The Sword in the Stone", "Alice in Wonderland" and "Pinocchio".
Plot.
Whilst preparing for a magical act, Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck discover a magical box. However, this turns out to belong to an evil magician (Pete) who sends Mickey and Donald to a magical world. Mickey and Donald must now work together in order to find a way back home.
Reception.
"MegaTech" gave the game 90% and a Hyper Game Award, saying that it had "the best graphics of any Disney game yet", but noted that it was very easy to finish. "Mega" gave the game 82%, saying it was "very easy to complete, and dull in one-player, but fantastic for a couple of youngsters".

</doc>
<doc id="2929362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929362" title="PerspectieF">
PerspectieF

PerspectieF – Young Christian Union () is the youth wing of the ChristianUnion, a Christian democratic political party in the Netherlands. PerspectieF was founded on 23 September 2000 as a merger between the RPF-jongeren and GPJC, the youth organisations of the Reformatory Political Federation and the Reformed Political League.
PerspectieF has about 2300 members in 2006 between 12 and 30 years old and is thus one of the largest political youth organisations in the Netherlands.
In 2004, PerspectieF, together with other Christian political youth organisations from several European countries, started the European Christian Political Youth Network in Kortenberg, in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="2929376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929376" title="2005 Nalchik raid">
2005 Nalchik raid

The 2005 Nalchik attack was a raid by a large group of militants on Nalchik (pop. 250,000), in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic (KBR) of southern Russia, on 13 October 2005.
A number of buildings associated with the Russian security forces were targeted. More than 100 people (142 according to official tallies), including at least 14 civilians, were reported to have been killed during the ensuing shooting, which continued into the next day. Many other people were wounded.
After the raid, Arsen Kanokov, the newly appointed president of the KBR, admitted publicly that it could have been triggered at least in part by brutal crackdowns by local police.
The attack.
Outbreak of fighting.
According to the Russian news source Agentura, fighting began about 9 AM on the morning of 13 October, while a statement made by Shamil Basayev on the Kavkaz Center website puts the exact time at 9:14. The initial attack included nine targets:
Soon after, a gun store called Arsenal was robbed and three police stations were attacked as well.
An attack on the KBR MVD directorate on fighting the organized crime, one more target, was prevented by pure chance. Public transport shut down across Nalchik, and sporadic fighting continued across the city until at least noon.
Public announcements and prolongation of the conflict.
At 1:20 pm, the President of Russia's Kabardino-Balkaria republic Arsen Kanokov, announced on Echo of Moscow that several of the attackers been taken alive. He also claimed that all enemy combatants seized so far were members of a radical Islamist group known as Yarmuk Jamaat. Radio Free Europe speculated that the name of this group may be a reference to a 7th-century battle in which Arab forces defeated a Byzantine army.
At 1:45, according to an FSB source cited by Echo of Moscow, attackers attempted to seize an FSB building but were repelled. A rebel sniper killed one FSB worker and wounded four, and the building was seriously damaged and caught fire.
At 2:30, a group of policemen located in a building surrounded by attackers managed to free themselves. Agentura also reports that at this time the first communications from the attackers were published on the kavkazcenter website.
At 3:00 RIA Novosti announced, quoting Interior Minister Alexander Alexeyevich Chekalin, that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered a full blockade of Nalchik. Chekalin announced that the Interior Ministry, Defense Ministry, and FSB were conducting a joint operation, in which "anyone with weapons in his hands who displays armed opposition, should be subject to liquidation."
By the early afternoon Dmitry Kozak, Vladimir Putin's envoy to the Southern Federal District had arrived in Nalchik from Rostov-na-Donu, and was quoted by Radio Free Europe as saying: "The situation is normalizing...At least mass unrest and attacks have been put down. The bandits that today attacked the law enforcement forces have been dispersed. There remain only a few pockets of resistance—two, to be more precise. Fighting is still going on near the Interior Ministry's third department, where unfortunately people are being held hostage. There is an operation going there at the moment. there are no more threats." However, Radio Free Europe also relayed reports from Russia's ORT state television channel that "heavy gunfire could still be heard near the central market by mid-afternoon" and that "explosions were reported in various neighborhoods of Nalchik."
Eventually, most of surviving rebel forces retreated to the mountains.
Second day.
A few, mostly wounded gunmen, who were cut off by federal reinforcements, holed up with police and civilian hostages in captured buildings (including a police station and souvenir shop) but were killed by special forces the following day. According to the Russian officials, no hostages were killed during these final rounds of fighting. According to MSNBC, on the morning of 14 October, attackers fired on a police car in the suburb of Khasanya outside Nalchik, killing two OMON riot police officers.
MSNBC also described the conditions in central Nalchik on the next morning:
By midday on 14 October, the head of the regional government Gennady Gubin, told Interfax that "all points of rebel resistance have been suppressed and hostages freed. Now the security forces are conducting a sweep of the city to find rebels who are hiding." The Russian government had deployed 1,500 regular troops and 500 special forces troops to Nalchik to regain government control of the city.
Aftermath.
Identity and number of attackers.
There was an uncertainty about the size of the rebel force. Russian sources put the figure at between 80 and 300, while Basayev claimed that 217 fighters had been involved. Police told the news agency TASS that the attackers had operated in 10 mobile groups, each with a different set of targets.
MSNBC reported several statements made by Deputy Interior Minister Andrei Novikov to reporters in Nalchik. In particular Novikov announced that:
According to kavkazcenter, the operation had been "carried out by forces of the Kabardino-Balkarian Sector of the CF (Caucasian Front) and associated units from other sectors of the Caucasian Front," with "217 "Mujahideen"" in all participating.
Asked about who might have been behind the rebel raid on Nalchik, pro-Kremlin prime minister of Chechnya Ramzan Kadyrov answered that Chechens had nothing to do with it:
""If Chechens had been there, then it wouldn't have ended so quickly. It was their own people there. It was weak guys, which is why it ended quickly – they got the better of them in two hours.""
Arrests.
Following the raid, law enforcement officials detained dozens of people; many of the detainees were reportedly tortured. At least one person was reported to have "disappeared" following the raid. Upon investigation, some of the detainees have been charged under nine articles such as terrorism, murder, armed rebellion, and infringement on the life of police officers. There was a number of documented cases of torture of detainees and the investigation was roundly criticized by Russian and international human rights groups. Mass media published photos of the detainees with traces of tortures. Those who died in the pre-trial prison were added to the number of those killed in the streets.
"Kommersant" reported on 28 October 2006, citing detainees' lawyers, that the charges against 13 of them had been dropped because of an amnesty, while the pre-trial detention period for the remaining 56 was extended to April 2007. Another 39 people accused of involvement in the raid remained at large.
On 27 June 2006, the ex-Guantanamo prisoner, Ruslan Odizhev, a lifelong friend of Anzor Astemirov and suspected of leading the attack on Omon headquarters, was killed in the centre of Nalchik, in an apartment block on Schokenzukov Prospekt, facing the local (official) mosque, while resisting arrest, together with another suspect, Anzor Tengizov.
Claim of responsibility.
Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev subsequently claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted on Kavkaz Center, in which he claimed to have had "general, operational command" for the attack on government buildings. He denied that his group was involved in the attacks on stores, however. The Nalchik attack came just over a year after the Beslan school hostage crisis, for which Basayev also claimed responsibility. An Ingush militant, Ilias Gorchkhanov, leader of the Ingush Jamaat, was said to have been one of the attack's commanders on the ground. Basayev claimed that Russian security forces had been tipped off some five days before the attack, which resulted in increased security in Nalchik, but that despite increased security, the attack was not cancelled.
The raid was reportedly in response to months of persecution of practising Muslims in the region, including arbitrary detention and torture by law enforcement officials, and wholesale closure of mosques.
In April 2006, asked about the upsurge in attacks in Dagestan, Ingushetia and Kabardino-Balkaria and whether fighters there coordinate their actions with the Chechen rebels, the top rebel commander Doku Umarov responded:
""We have three fronts Chechnya – in Kabardino-Balkaria, Ingushetia and Dagestan. Fighters in Dagestan and Kabardino-Balkaria communicate with the military amir and then through myself. They coordinate all their actions with us. (...) They are ordinary civilians who have risen against arbitrariness toward Muslims in those republics. No matter how hard we try to make them refrain from combat operations, we will not succeed. They are our brothers in faith and therefore we help them – we share our experience and direct them. God willing, we are planning to send our experienced instructors there this year. We will not leave them on their own. It is our duty to help them.""
Trial.
Preliminary hearings in the prosecution of 59 men suspected of taking part in the attack began in October 2007, but the trial was then delayed for more than a year as court officials sought to find a team of jurors. Between October 2007 and November 2008, an estimated 1,200 citizens were summoned as potential members of the jury. However, more than 500 never appeared in court, and all but 13 of the remainder asked to be excused. In February 2009, the court finally abandoned the idea of a jury trial, deciding it would go ahead with three presiding judges instead.
The trial proper began in March 2009 in a specially constructed and heavily guarded building in Nalchik and continued as of June 2011. Fifty-eight men are being prosecuted, one of the original 59 accused having died in custody in 2008. The men are indicted on a range of charges including murder, hostage-taking, terrorism and illegal possession of weapons. Nine of the men admit illegal possession of arms, one admits being part of a “criminal armed group” and one has admitted “partial guilt”. The rest deny all charges.
During hearings the defendants are held in four or five groups in metal cages and they address the court via microphones placed at the front of each cage.
Several of the men on trial have claimed they were tortured in custody.
The defendants have used court hearings to threaten their enemies in the police and security forces. In February 2011, one of the accused said that Khachim Shogenov, the former interior minister of Kabardino-Balkaria, should be called to give evidence “while he was still alive.” He added: “Such people will be killed in this republic. By the time this process ends, praise be to Allah, they will all be destroyed.”
Casualties.
The Russian government and the rebels have published significantly different casualty figures. According to the Russian officials, 89 attackers were killed and 36 captured, while 35 federal servicemen and 14 civilians also died. At 15:40 GMT, CNN reported that 97 people were hospitalized in connection with the attack, according to the Russian Health Ministry.
According to the Basayev's later statement, 37 attackers died in the operation. The rebels put the federal losses at over 300 dead and wounded. In his statement, Basayev blamed guerrilla casualties on the information leak before the operation.
Bodies controversy.
According to news reports, some of the dead classified as "terrorists" were actually civilians accidentally killed in the crossfire. There were also reports that young men have simply vanished without a trace despite having no proven connection to the raid, some other allegedly detained in the day after the raid and then presented dead as the killed insurgents. Despite public protests by family members, the bodies were not released.
A year later, many relatives were still demanding in vain that authorities return for proper burial the bodies of 92 men allegedly killed during the attacks; a number of families have taken cases to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg to petition for the return of bodies. In June 2007 the government said it had cremated the bodies of the 95 suspects on 22 June 2006. The relatives argue that the decision, taken by one of investigators for the Southern Federal District, Aleksei Savrulin, and former Deputy Prosecutor for the Southern Federal District Nikolai Shepel, was unlawful.
Allegations by the Russian government.
Alleged connections with international terrorism.
On 20 October 2005 Deputy Prosecutor General of Russia Nikolai Shepel, stated that the attack was organized by "International Terrorist Organizations", that also previously organized the Beslan school hostage crisis, raid on Ingushetia, and the attack on "Gosnarkocontrol" (drug control agency) in Kabardino-Balkaria. The Duma deputy from Chechnya Akhmar Zavgayev also blamed international terrorists for the attack.
Former Guantanamo Bay detainee Rasul Kudayev
was arrested in Nalchik for allegedly taking part in the preparation of the attack, and participation in the attack itself (taking the road police post in Khasanya suburb of Nalchik). According to same source Rasul Kudayev pretends being at home at the time of the incident, which can be witnessed (according to his brother) by relatives, neighbours, journalists, and his lawyer.
It was reported that the militants may have planned to overrun the city's airport and use the aircraft there in suicide attacks similar to the 11 September attacks. However, this seems unlikely since the attack was not concentrated at the airport. The target of the airport attack was more likely the army unit stationed there.
Alleged financing by foreign intelligence agencies and NGOs.
The deputy head of the Kabardino-Balkaria Interior Ministry's anti-organized crime department, Albert Sizhazhev, claimed on 14 February 2006, that the attack in Nalchik was financed by foreign intelligence agencies. According to NTV, Sizhazhev said the attack was organized by "ringleaders of the bandit underground of Kabardino-Balkaria" who "had the powerful financial support of foreign special services."
According to ITAR-TASS, the head of the religious affairs department of Kabardino-Balkaria's Ministry of Culture, Dzhambulat Gergokov, claimed that the "bandit underground" in the republic was funded via non-governmental organizations working in Chechnya.
On 17 October 2006, deputy Interior Minister of Russia Arkady Yedelev was quoted by RIA Novosti saying about Anzor Astemirov, one of the organizers of the militant attack:
""I will put it straight, that people like Astemirov are linked to the secret services of some countries that are planning blitzkriegs in South Ossetia, Abkhazia and the South Caucasus, and are pursuing a militant escalation on our territory to transfer some of their gunmen from Iraq to Russia.""
Yedelev's allegations were repeated by him on 4 June 2007. He did not identify any countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2929379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929379" title="Islek">
Islek

The Islek (Aquilania) is a part of the German Eifel region (Rhineland-Palatinate), in the Bitburg-Prüm district next to the Luxembourg and Belgian border.
In Luxembourg the area extends further known as Éislèck or Ösling-Gau, in Belgium locals call it Aquilaine (then reaching up to Aachen) or even Schneifel.
The Islek or Aquilaine region is known for its dark pine woods, said to house the notorious Macralles (witches), wonderful rivers like the Our and the Sûre (Sauer), and numerous gastronomic delicatessen like Bitburger Beer, Gerolsteiner mineral water, Spelz pastries and freshly fished trout.
Its history dates back to the Roman period when the Aquilanium was part of Belgica prima, the home of the Celtic Trevirii. 
In the 20th Century the region would broadcast to the world from radio stations like Radio Luxembourg, AQLN Radio, Radioropa and Starsat. 
Today the region houses numerous wind energy projects and is a tourist area with ancient cities like Clervaux, Prüm, Burg Reuland and Vianden. 
The region can be accessed by car from the UK via the E40 from Calais, Zeebrugge or Oostende to Liège and then the E25 to Bastogne (exit Gouvy) or the E42 to Trier (Trèves) (exits Sankt-Vith, Reuland/Luxembourg, Winterspelt or Prüm)
Great discoveries are the picturesque little town of Ouren, and the 'High Moors' (Hohes Venn - Hautes Fagnes) north of the Islek.

</doc>
<doc id="2929381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929381" title="Judge Hatchett">
Judge Hatchett

Judge Hatchett is an American arbitration-based reality court show, produced and distributed by Sony Pictures Television. It starred The Honorable Glenda Hatchett and was modeled after other "court shows" such as "Judge Judy" and the long running "The People's Court", as well as containing elements from tabloid talk shows such as "Sally Jessy Raphael" and "Maury Povich". In addition to dealing with traditional small-claims lawsuits (with a plaintiff, defendant, and monetary awards sought), she also handled DNA paternity tests and out of control teens. Originally, gentle and compassionate, Hatchett later became a scurrilous and scalding disciplinarian, intent on teaching young people a lesson by sending them on corrective trips. The show would follow these youths on the corrective trips that Hatchett sent them on.
"Judge Hatchett" aired new episodes from 2000-2008, and has continued in reruns since.
Judge Hatchett ran interventions for troubled teens. Among Judge Hatchett's recommendations for intervention and other help were Tommy the Clown, an eighteen-year-old mayor, prisons and Martin Luther King's daughter. At least once Judge Hatchett ran an intervention herself, running the building of an outdoor theater which ended up named after her as thanks.
It was filmed at the Chelsea Studios in New York City. 
After "Judge Hatchett" drew low ratings and key ABC Owned and Operated Stations began dropping the show, Sony Pictures Television decided to cancel the show. The series ran for nine seasons from its debut on September 4, 2000 until its cancellation on May 23, 2008. It aired reruns on Black Entertainment Television, and was also offered by Sony in a barter package meant for low-rated stations looking to find content between 2010 and 2012.
Reruns of Judge Hatchett are currently airing on the Bounce TV Television Network.

</doc>
<doc id="2929383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929383" title="Peter Hammond">
Peter Hammond

Peter Hammond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929388" title="Bala Series">
Bala Series

In geology, the Bala Series is a group of dark slates and sandstones with beds of limestone which occurs in the neighborhood of Bala, Gwynedd, in north Wales.
It was first described by Adam Sedgwick, who considered it to be the upper part of his Cambrian System. The series is now placed at the top of the Ordovician System, above the Llandeilo beds. The Bala limestone is from 20 to . thick, and is recognizable over most of North Wales; it is regarded as the equivalent of the Coniston Limestone of the Lake District. The series in the type area consists of the Hirnant limestone, a thin inconstant bed, which is separated by . of slates from the BaJa limestone, below this are more slates and volcanic rocks. The latter are represented by large contemporaneous deposits of tuff and felsitic lava which in the Snowdon District are several thousand feet thick.
In South Wales the Bala Series contains the following beds in descending order: the Trinucleus seticornis beds (Slade beds, Redhill shales and Sholeshook limestone), the Robeston Wathen beds, and the Dicranograplus shales. The typical graptolites are, in the upper part, Dicellograptus anceps and D. complanatus; in the lower part, Pleurograptus linearis and Dicranograptus Clingani. In Shropshire this series is represented by the Caradoc and Chirbury Series; in southern Scotland by the Hartfell and, Ardmilian Series, and by similar rocks in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2929391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929391" title="Royaumont Abbey">
Royaumont Abbey

Royaumont Abbey was a Cistercian abbey, located near Asnières-sur-Oise in Val-d'Oise, approximately 30 km north of Paris, France.
History.
It was built between 1228 and 1235 with the support of Louis IX. Several members of the French Royal family were buried here (and not in Saint Denis Basilica), for example, three children and two grandchildren of Louis IX.
The abbey was dissolved in 1791 during the French Revolution and the stones were partly used to build a factory. However, the sacristy, cloister, and refectory remained intact.
In 1836 and 1838, respectively, two operas by German composer Friedrich von Flotow opened at Royaumont—"Sérafine" and "Le Comte de Saint-Mégrin".
In the early 20th century, the abbey was bought by the Goüin family who in 1964 created the Royaumont Foundation, the first private French cultural foundation. Today, the abbey is a tourist attraction and also serves as a cultural centre.
From January 1915 to March 1919 the Abbey was used as a military hospital by the Scottish Women's Hospitals, under the direction of the French Red Cross. After the war the Chief Medical Officer, Miss Frances Ivens CBE MS(Lond) ChM(Liverp) FRGOG (1870–1944), was awarded membership of the Légion d'honneur.
The novel In Falling Snow by Australian writer Mary-Rose MacColl (first published in Oct. 2012) is set at Royaumont during the time when it was a military hospital and refers to historical figures like Ms Ivens. 
The abbey was used as a filming location for the Catholic boarding school in Jean Delannoy's "Les amitiés particulières".
On 15 June 1971, Pink Floyd performed live here in front of an audience at the invitation of the Daudy family, the abbey's current owners. The family are well known in France for their cultivation of artistic talent, their generous philanthropy and their visionary taste in music and dance. 

</doc>
<doc id="2929395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929395" title="Henry Kelsey">
Henry Kelsey

Henry Kelsey (c. 1667 – 1 November 1724), aka the Boy Kelsey, was an English fur trader, explorer, and sailor who played an important role in establishing the Hudson's Bay Company in Canada. Kelsey was born in 1667 and married in East Greenwich, south-east of central London. He is the first recorded European to have visited the present-day provinces of Saskatchewan and, possibly, Alberta, as well as the first to have explored the Great Plains from the north. In his travels to the plains he encountered several Plains First Nations (Plains Indians), as well as vast herds of the American bison, their primary source of food.
Early career.
Kelsey was apprenticed in London at age 17 to the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) in 1684 and departed England for Canada on May 6, 1684. He was posted at a fort on Hudson's Bay near present-day York Factory, Manitoba, near the mouth of the Nelson River on Hudson Bay. Kelsey started exploring in the winter of 1688-1689 when he and a First Nations boy carried mail overland 200 miles from Fort York to Fort Severn, another HBC post. He was described as "a very active Lad delighting much in Indians company, being never better pleased than when he is traveling among them." In the summer of 1689, Kelsey and the same First Nations boy tried to find First Nations north of the Churchill River in order to open trade with them. Kelsey traveled inland for about 235 miles north of the Churchill, but returned without having any success.
Travel to the Great Plains.
In 1690, HBC governor at York Factory, George Geyer, sent Kelsey on a journey up the Nelson River "to call, encourage, and invite the remoter Indians to a trade with us." Beaver pelts were the item most desired by the HBC. Kelsey left York Factory on June 12, 1690 with a group of Indians and proceeded by canoe up the Nelson River (southwest). He carried with him a sample of hatchets, beads, and tobacco the company offered. Kelsey and the Indians reached a place he named Deering's Point, probably near present-day The Pas, Manitoba, on July 10 after a journey of 600 miles; they had passed through five lakes and undertaken 33 portages. Deering's Point was a gathering place for Indians who journeyed down the Nelson River to trade at York Factory. Kelsey sent a letter, carried by Indians, back to York Factory with his observations about the journey and the Indians he had met. He said that the various Indian nations were continually at war with each other, which hindered prospects for trade. Kelsey spent the winter near Deering's Point.
In spring 1691, Kelsey received a supply of trade goods from York Factory; his orders were to obtain what beaver pelts he could and to return the following year with as many Indians as possible to introduce them to the trading post. On July 15, 1691, he set out from Deering's Point "to discover and bring to commerce the "Naywatame poets," an Indian people of the Great Plains. At Deering's Point, Kelsey was still in the austere Taiga forest of northern Canada. His apparent goal was to reach the Indians of the richer lands of the aspen parkland and prairies to his south and west. Accompanied by Cree, Kelsey ascended the Carrot River by canoe, crossed into present-day Saskatchewan, then continued on foot to a point northwest of present-day Yorkton, entering the aspen parkland. Kelsey's route was probably via several well-traveled Indian foot trails. Entering the aspen parkland, possibly near the Touchwood Hills, he encountered the Assiniboine, a buffalo-hunting people of the Great Plains. The Assiniboine and other peoples of the region were still on foot at this time, the later horse culture of the Plains Indians not having yet reached Canada.
On August 20, Kelsey described a "great store of buffalo" and "silver-haired" bears, the first sightings by a European of buffalo and grizzly bears on the northern Great Plains. His party had gone hungry during their ascent of the journey through the taiga, but now Kelsey and his Indian companions feasted on buffalo. Kelsey also noted the abundance of beaver in the many ponds and lakes of the aspen parkland. Continuing his journey, possibly to a point south and west of Saskatoon, Kelsey tried to make peace between the Assiniboine and their neighbors, the Naywatame poets. It is unclear who the Naywatame were; Kelsey commented "they knew not the use of canoes," which indicates that they were Plains Indians. 
Scholars have advanced several theories as to the identity of the Naywatame. On linguistic grounds, they are proposed to be Siouan, possibly Stoney or another people closely related to the Assiniboine. Identification of them as Hidatsa or Mandan is proposed, although those tribes were resident 300 miles further south along the Missouri River in North Dakota. Possibly they were Gros Ventre or Blackfeet, Algonquin speakers who were discovered living in this region by later explorers in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Kelsey's peace initiatives failed, and he was unable to open trade relations with the Naywatame. They were afraid to make a journey across enemy Assiniboine territory to go to York Factory. Kelsey wintered with the Indians and returned to York Factory in the summer of 1692, accompanied by numerous Assiniboine and Cree eager for trade with the HBC.
Later life.
Kelsey returned to England in 1693, reenlisted in 1694 and returned to York Factory. In 1694 and again in 1697, York Factory was captured by the French. Kelsey returned to England at these times, on the second occasion as a prisoner of the French. In 1698, he went back to the New World, this time to Fort Albany on James Bay. 
In 1701, he became master of a trading frigate, the "Knight", in Hudson Bay, continuing the trade in beaver pelts. In 1703, he returned for a time to England. In 1705 went back to Fort Albany as chief trader. In 1712, he returned again to England. 
In 1714 he made his sixth journey across the Atlantic Ocean, appointed as Deputy Governor of York Factory, which the British had recaptured from the French. In 1717, he was appointed as Governor of York Factory and in 1718 as Governor of all the Hudson's Bay settlements. In 1719 and 1721, he undertook missions to the Arctic, where he met with Inuit people and searched for copper deposits.
In 1722, Kelsey was recalled to England. He died in 1724 and was buried on 2 Nov 1724. He was distinguished for his ability to establish good relations with Indians, which enabled him to be mostly successful as a trader.
Representation in popular culture.
He is the 'Brave Kelso' that Stan Rogers refers to in his song "Northwest Passage".
Honours.
Numerous places and institutions have been named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2929401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929401" title="Rock Boat">
Rock Boat

The Rock Boat is an annual rock music-themed "floating music festival at sea" aboard a cruise ship.
History and description.
The Rock Boat concept was born in 2001 with a joint venture from Gainesville, Florida alternative rock band Sister Hazel and Atlanta, Georgia travel company Sixthman in a partial charter aboard the "Carnival Jubilee". Sister Hazel was joined by the band Dexter Freebish and approximately 400 of their fans. The bands performed once on the ship, which sailed from Tampa, Florida to Cozumel, Mexico.
The concept has grown to become an annual event. Destinations have included locations such as Mexico, Nassau, Bahamas, Jamaica, and Turks and Caicos. The event is always hosted by Sister Hazel and includes musicians from all over the nation. Past performers include: Tonic, Collective Soul, Cowboy Mouth, Pat McGee Band, Zac Brown Band, Michael Tolcher, Vertical Horizon, David Ryan Harris, Ingram Hill, Better Than Ezra, Marc Broussard, Wideawake, Stephen Kellogg and the Sixers, and many more. There are generally four or five performing stages constructed on the venue, and performances are scheduled from noon until 3 AM. However, many bands have been known to continue performing well beyond their scheduled set times and often collaborate on stage with other artists until dawn.
The cruise has been described by Ken Block (lead singer and guitarist for Sister Hazel) as "Spring Break for people with jobs."
Event details.
Rock Boat XIV.
Ship: "Norwegian Cruise Line Pearl"
Sail Date: February 22, 2014
Ports: Leaving from Miami, Florida to Great Stirrup Cay, Bahamas
Performing Artists: 
Rock Boat XIII.
Ship: "Norwegian Cruise Line Pearl"
Sail Date: February 24, 2013
Ports: Leaving from Miami, Florida to Great Stirrup Cay, Bahamas
Performing Artists: 
Rock Boat XII.
Ship: "Carnival Elation"
Sail Date: March 1, 2012
Ports: Leaving from New Orleans, Louisiana to Cozumel, Mexico
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat XI.
Ship: "Carnival Inspiration"
Sail Date: January 6, 2011
Ports: Leaving from Tampa, Florida to Costa Maya, Mexico (port unknown prior to sailing)
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat X.
Ship: "Carnival Inspiration"
Sail Date: January 7, 2010
Ports: Leaving from Tampa, Florida to Cozumel, Mexico
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat IX.
Ship: "Carnival Destiny"
Sail Date: January 17, 2009
Ports: Leaving from Miami, Florida to Nassau, Bahamas and Half Moon Cay
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat VIII.
Ship: "Carnival Imagination"
Sail Date: January 19, 2008
Ports: Leaving from Miami, Florida to Ocho Rios, Jamaica and Georgetown, Grand Cayman 
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat VII.
Ship: Carnival Legend
Sail Date: January 11, 2007
Ports: Leaving from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Grand Turk, Turks and Caicos
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat VI.
Ship: "Carnival Elation"
Sail Date: January 14, 2006
Ports: Leaving from Galveston, Texas to Playa del Carmen and Progresso, Mexico 
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat V.
Canceled due to Hurricane Katrina
Ship: "Carnival Sensation"
Scheduled Performers:
Rock Boat IV.
Ship: "Carnival Imagination"
Sail Date: October 7, 2004
Ports: Leaving from Miami, Florida to Cozumel, Mexico
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat III.
Ship: "Carnival Sensation"
Sail Date: August 28, 2003
Ports: Leaving from Tampa, Florida to Cozumel, Mexico
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat II.
Ship: "Carnival Sensation"
Sail Date: August 29, 2002
Ports: Leaving from Tampa, Florida to Key West, Florida and Nassau, Bahamas
Performing Artists:
Rock Boat I.
Ship: "Carnival Jubilee"
Sail Date: August 30, 2001
Ports: Leaving from Tampa, Florida to Key West, Florida and Cozumel, Mexico
Performing Artists:

</doc>
<doc id="2929406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929406" title="Rhizome Navigation">
Rhizome Navigation

Rhizome Navigation is a method of dynamically creating a navigation interface for data systems, such as websites and databases.
The navigation links presented to the user are not predefined, they are generated in response to user behavior, and analysis of other data.
The word rhizome is used as a metaphor, to compare the growth and structure of rhizome navigation interfaces with the complex organic growth and structure of rhizomes, underground plant stems that send out roots and shoots from their nodes.
Examples of use.
A good example of rhizome navigation in use can be found in the program Enronic. In their investigation into the Enron scandal, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission made a large portion of Enron's email database available to the public. Enronic analyzes these email messages to display the relationships between Enron employees, based on who emailed whom and how often. The program uses Prefuse, an open source Java library for creating visual representations of data.
Rhizome Navigation is an open source project which aims to provide useful text and graphical navigation aids to users of websites and databases, by analysing the navigation selections of previous users.

</doc>
<doc id="2929409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929409" title="Naqara">
Naqara

A naqara () was an especially large drum that was used by the Mongol in battle. The drum itself was so large it was necessary to have it carried in to battle by a beast of burden, traditionally a camel. Its main use was as a signaling device, to let warriors know when an attack, especially a surprise attack, begin.

</doc>
<doc id="2929412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929412" title="7 Colors">
7 Colors

7 Colors (aka Filler) is a Computer strategy game/Puzzle game, designed by Dmitry Pashkov. It was developed by the Russian company Gamos (Russian: Геймос) in 1991. The game was published by Infogrames for DOS, Commodore Amiga, and NEC PC-9801.

</doc>
<doc id="2929414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929414" title="Defiance, Missouri">
Defiance, Missouri

Defiance is an unincorporated community in Saint Charles County, Missouri.
Situation.
The Katy Trail State Park runs through Defiance near the Missouri River. This was the final home of frontiersman Daniel Boone, who settled in the Femme Osage Valley in 1799 after receiving a Spanish land grant. The hamlet was not named during Boone's life. Its population in 2000 was 3,154.
Name.
It was named in the late 1800s when the Katy Railroad arrived. Initially the town was to be called Parsons for the landowner. Because there was already a Parsons, Kansas on the Katy line, settlers considered other names, including Missouriton and Bluff City, before deciding on Defiance because of the hamlet's defiance of rival Matson, Missouri to get a station on the line.
Characteristics.
From here west to Marthasville are numerous wineries; SH 94 is sometimes called the "Missouri Weinstrasse". The area is part of the Missouri Rhineland, where vineyards are cultivated on both sides of the Missouri River. Started originally by German immigrants, the wine industry also was shaped by later Italian immigrants.
See also.
Missouri Rhineland

</doc>
<doc id="2929415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929415" title="Battle of Cape Bon (1941)">
Battle of Cape Bon (1941)

The naval Battle of Cape Bon took place on December 13, 1941 during the Second World War, between two Italian light cruisers and an Allied destroyer flotilla off Cape Bon, Tunisia. The loss of the two cruisers was a serious setback for the Regia Marina.
Background.
The control of the Mediterranean was disputed between the Italian Regia Marina and the British Royal Navy, with both sides being supported by ships from other military powers. The sea was a critical sector for the supply of the Italian and German forces in North Africa, as well as the maintenance of Malta as a British offensive base. Without Malta, Britain could not intercept Italian convoys and thus prevent the supply of troops and supplies to the Axis forces. At times, demand was high enough to warrant the use of warships as transports by both the Axis and the Allies.
When Italy declared war in June 1940, it had one of the largest navies in the world but its strength was limited to the Mediterranean. Meanwhile, the British Empire possessed enough resources and naval might to maintain a strong presence in the area and replace most losses by merely redeploying ships. This led to caution on behalf of the Italian command and a tendency to avoid conflict.
Radar systems and broken Italian naval codes further contributed to British forces success over the Regia Marina.
The action.
The Italian 4th Cruiser Division, commanded by "Contrammiraglio" Antonino Toscano and consisting of the two "Da Giussano" class light cruisers "Alberto da Giussano" and "Alberico da Barbiano" and the Spica class torpedo boat "Cigno", sailed from Palermo bound for Tripoli, carrying an urgent supply of aircraft fuel (nearly 2,000 tons). The fuel was vitally needed by fighters based in Libya and space was limited, forcing the crew to place tanks on the decks of the ships. 
In the meantime, the British 4th Destroyer flotilla, consisting of four warships (the destroyers HMS "Sikh", "Maori", "Legion" and the Dutch destroyer Hr. Ms. "Isaac Sweers") and commanded by Commander G. H. Stokes, was sailing to join the Mediterranean Fleet at Alexandria.
The Allied flotilla was spotted by an Italian aircraft but Regia Marina headquarters concluded that the British would not be able to reach Cape Bon before the 4th Cruiser Division was passed. However, the British, with intercepted signals from "Ultra", ordered their destroyers to intercept the Axis cruisers.
The two forces met near Cape Bon On December 13 at 3:25 AM. Arriving from astern under the cover of darkness and using radar, the Allies surprised their adversaries, launching torpedoes and opening fire at short range. "Di Giussano" managed to fire only three salvos during the battle. Both Italian cruisers were sunk, "Alberico da Barbiano" became a blazing inferno. After a brief encounter with the Dutch destroyer "Isaac Sweers", "Cigno" rescued at least 500 survivors, while others reached the coast or were later saved by Italian motor torpedo boats (or MAS). Over 900 men lost their lives, including Admiral Toscano. 
The entire battle had lasted a mere five minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="2929418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929418" title="Cheltenham Spa Express">
Cheltenham Spa Express

The Cheltenham Spa Express is a British named passenger train service from Paddington station, in London, to Cheltenham Spa, in Gloucestershire, via Reading, Kemble, Stroud, Stonehouse and Gloucester. During the 1930s, when operated by the Great Western Railway, the service was more popularly known as the Cheltenham Flyer.
Even prior to the First World War the Great Western Railway ran a high-speed service between Cheltenham and London, covering the from Kemble Junction to Paddington in 103 minutes. After the war an additional stop was made at Swindon and the time for the to Paddington was scheduled at 85 minutes.
However, in 1923 the first batch of Charles Collett's GWR 4073 Class (also called Castle Class) 4-6-0 express engines entered service and this enabled a significant improvement in timings. The name "Cheltenham Spa Express" was given to the service, which reached Paddington in 75 minutes from Swindon, an average speed of .
Fierce rivalry between the four main railway companies during the 1920s and 1930s to run the fastest train in the country, and therefore in the world, led to further accelerations to the service. In July 1929 the scheduled journey time became 70 minutes, an average speed of . Two years later (1931) the train was again accelerated to an average speed of , and by now had acquired its popular nickname of the "Cheltenham Flyer", although this was never adopted officially.
On Monday, June 6, 1932, the train broke railway speed records with a time of 56 mins 47 seconds at an average speed of . Such a journey speed had never been previously recorded and this made this run the fastest railway run in the world. The train was hauled by Castle class 5006 "Tregenna Castle" and was crewed by Driver Harry Rudduck and Fireman Thorp of Old Oak Common shed.
In September 1932 the time from Swindon to London was further reduced to 65 minutes, giving an extraordinary average speed, for the time, of over the whole trip of . This was the first occasion in the history of railways that any train had been scheduled at over .
The Great Western Railway's successor, British Rail, continued to use the "Cheltenham Spa Express" brand until the 1960s, when it fell out of use. It was reintroduced in 1984, and continues to be used by First Great Western. , the "Cheltenham Spa Express" forms the 11:48 departure from Paddington (arriving in Cheltenham at 14:03), and the 14:46 departure from Cheltenham (arriving in London at 16:56). (The service runs Mondays-Fridays only.)

</doc>
<doc id="2929420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929420" title="Samuel W. Soule">
Samuel W. Soule

Samuel Willard Soulé (January 25, 1830 - July 12, 1875) along with Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden invented the first practical typewriter at a machine shop located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="2929434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929434" title="Carlos Glidden">
Carlos Glidden

Carlos Glidden (November 8, 1834 – March 11, 1877), along with Christopher Sholes and Samuel W. Soule, invented the first practical typewriter at a machine shop in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He kept on improving the typewriter until he died.

</doc>
<doc id="2929435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929435" title="Simon Necronomicon">
Simon Necronomicon

The Simon Necronomicon is a purported grimoire written by an unknown author, with an introduction by a man identified only as "Simon". Materials presented in the book are a blend of ancient Middle Eastern mythological elements, with allusions to the writings of H. P. Lovecraft and Aleister Crowley, woven together with a story about a man known as the "Mad Arab" (itself derived from several stories by Lovecraft).
The book was released in 1977 by Schlangekraft, Inc. in a limited edition hardback printing, followed by a paperback release by Avon Books, and a subsequent paperback release by Bantam Books.
Simon's introduction.
The introduction to the book (comprising about 80 pages of a total of 263) is the only part that Simon claims to have written. It relates how Simon and his associates were introduced to a Greek translation of the "Necronomicon" by a mysterious monk. Simon claims that after experimenting with the text, they verified that the work is a genuine collection of magical rituals that predates most known religions, and warns that anyone attempting to use the "Necronomicon" may "unleash dangerous forces". The introduction attempts to establish links between H. P. Lovecraft, Aleister Crowley and ancient mythology (including Sumerian, Babylonian, Assyrian, and Chaldean myths and rituals), and draw parallels to other religions (such as Christianity, Wicca, Satanism and Hebrew Mythology). Some of the discussion is based on a supposed connection between Crowley and Lovecraft first espoused by Kenneth Grant.
"The Testimony of the Mad Arab".
In addition to an introduction, the book uses a frame story titled "The Testimony of the Mad Arab". The "Testimony" is in two parts, forming a prologue and an epilogue to the core "Necronomicon". The author describes himself as a "Mad Arab".
The prologue explains how the Arab first came to discover the dark secrets that he is recording, accidentally witnessing an arcane ritual performed by a cult that worships Tiamat, in which both the demons Kutulu and Humwawa are conjured.
In the epilogue, the Mad Arab is haunted by premonitions of his gruesome death. He realizes that the horrors of the "Necronomicon" are enraged and seek revenge upon him for revealing their existence to the world. The text is littered with non sequiturs and arcane incantations, presented as indication of his unstable mental state and his desire to protect himself from perceived danger. He is unable to sign his work, and thus remains nameless.
Magic.
Much of the book is a collection of magic rituals and conjurations. Many incantations and seals are described. Most of these are intended to ward off evil or to invoke the Elder Gods to one's aid. Some of them are curses to be used against one's enemies. The incantations are written in a mixture of English and more ancient languages, with a few possible misspellings in the romanization of the archaic words. There are also several words that do not appear to be from any known language.
The many magical seals in the book pertain to particular gods and demons, and are used when invoking or summoning the entity with which each is associated. In some cases there are specific instructions on how to inscribe the seals and amulets, including the materials that should be used and the time of day for their creation; in other cases, only the seal itself is given.
For some rituals, the book mentions that sacrifices should be offered. One ritual in particular describes a human sacrifice of 11 men, needed to enchant a knife that can summon Tiamat (p. 160-161).
Both the introduction and the book's marketing make sensational claims for the book's magical power. The back blurb claims it is "the most potent and potentially, the most dangerous Black Book known to the Western World," and that its rituals will bring "beings and monsters" into "physical appearance". The book's introduction gives readers frequent warnings that the powers it contains are potentially life threatening, and that perfect mental health is needed; otherwise the book is extremely dangerous. It claims a curse afflicted those who helped publish the book. It also claims that the Golden Dawn methods of magical banishing will not work on the entities in this book.
Good versus evil.
The main theme of the book is the struggle between good and evil. The principal forces of good are the "Elder Gods"; and those of evil, the "Ancient Ones". These two groups are populated with authentic Mesopotamian gods and monsters as well as fictitious ones. The Ancient Ones are older and represent primeval chaos. Chief among them is Tiamat. The Elder Gods are younger entities, children of the Ancient Ones, who rebelled against them and prevailed.
Included in the Simon "Necronomicon" is a story that is a variant of the Enuma Elish, the Babylonian creation epic. It relates how Marduk (Leader of the Elder Gods) slew Tiamat (Queen of the Ancient Ones), clove her body in two and created the Heaven and the Earth from the two halves. The Elder Gods also created mankind from the blood of Kingu (an Ancient One). Other Ancient Ones are imprisoned beneath the Earth or beyond the Heavens. With the exception of the terms "Elder Gods" and "Ancient Ones" (which were first popularized by the fiction of H.P. Lovecraft), many of these stories are derived from authentic myths.
Simon's introduction claims that Lovecraft's mythos tells of the struggle between good and evil, as personified by the good Elder Gods and the evil "Great Old Ones". Lovecraft's work did not feature such a conflict, however; the theme of "cosmic war" derives instead from the apocryphal Book of Enoch, cited by Lovecraft in his essay "Supernatural Horror in Literature", and later contributions to the Cthulhu Mythos by author August Derleth.
According to Simon, the Ancient Ones now lie "not dead but dreaming", awaiting a day when they may return to life. To do this, they are dependent upon the positions of the stars as well as the sacrifices of their mortal followers. These ideas largely run parallel to elements of the Cthulhu Mythos, so much so that critics claim that this is an obvious attempt to reconcile the Simon "Necronomicon" with Lovecraft's well-known stories such as "The Call of Cthulhu". The Armageddon and Apocalypse of Judeo-Christianity are also referenced: following the conflagration of the End Times, the flesh of the vanquished Leviathan is to be served up to the victorious survivors.
Controversy.
Textual authenticity.
According to one book on the topic, "The Necronomicon Files", several portions of the "Necronomicon" bear striking similarities to other works mentioned in its bibliography, such as R. C. Thompson's "The Devils and Evil Spirits of Babylonia" and James B. Pritchard's "Ancient Near Eastern Texts Relating to the Old Testament" — to an extent that it appears unlikely that separate translations could have arrived at the same result. In addition, two members of the Magickal Childe scene, Khem Caigan (the "Necronomicon"'s illustrator) and Alan Cabal, an American occultist, have independently stated that the book was widely known as a hoax in the local occult community.
Owen Davies calls "Simon Necronomicon" "a well-constructed hoax", but adds that making a grimoire by stitching together material from previous sources is a well-worn motif in grimoire history. It is their falsity that makes them genuine. The same thing is pointed out by Dan Clore who writes that the hoax Necronomicons are every bit as "authentic" as the "Lesser Key of Solomon" or the "Sixth and Seventh Books of Moses".
Accusations of black magic and connections to murder.
The book was featured as courtroom evidence in the murder trials of Roderick Ferrell and Glen Mason, with suggestions that it played a part in Satanic human sacrifices. Ferrell, it is claimed, used the book during cult rituals.
"Dead Names".
In 2006, Avon published Simon's "Dead Names: The Dark History of the Necronomicon" (ISBN 0-06-078704-X), in which he details the history of the Necronomicon and attacks his critics who claim the book is a hoax. The book's conclusions are considered suspect by his critics.

</doc>
<doc id="2929439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929439" title="Oldmans Creek">
Oldmans Creek

Oldmans Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in southwestern New Jersey in the United States.
Oldmans Creek defines part of the western boundary between Gloucester and Salem counties. It starts just southwest of Glassboro, approximately one mile from the head of Raccoon Creek. It finishes in the lower Delaware River approximately four miles upstream from Penns Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="2929441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929441" title="Ancestry.com">
Ancestry.com

Ancestry.com Inc., formerly The Generations Network, is a privately held Internet company based in Provo, Utah, United States. The largest for-profit genealogy company in the world, it operates a network of genealogical and historical record websites focused on the United States and nine foreign countries, develops and markets genealogical software, and offers a wide array of genealogical related services. As of December 2013, the company provided access to approximately 12.7 billion records and had 2.14 million paying subscribers. User-generated content included 191 million uploaded photos and more than 16 million uploaded stories.
In addition to its flagship site, Ancestry.com operates Archives.com, Fold3.com, ProGenealogists,1000memories.com, Newspapers.com, Genealogy.com, MyFamily.com, and Rootsweb.com. Family Tree Maker software developed and marketed by the company is advertised as "the #1 selling family history software".
Under its subsidiaries, Ancestry.com operates foreign sites that provide access to services and records specific to other countries in the languages of those countries. These include several countries in Europe (covered by Ancestry.com Europe S.à r.l.) as well as Australia, Canada, and China.
History.
Infobases, Inc..
In 1990, Paul B. Allen and Dan Taggart, two Brigham Young University graduates, founded Infobases and began offering Latter-day Saints (LDS) publications on floppy disks. Allen's brother Curt and his brother-in-law Brad Pelo had founded Folio Corporation, where Paul Allen had worked in 1988. Infobases chose to use the Folio infobase technology which Allen was familiar with as the basis for their products.
The first products were floppy disks and compact disks sold from the back seat of their car. In 1994 Infobases was named among "Inc." magazine's 500 fastest-growing companies. Their first offering on CD was the LDS Collectors Edition, released in April 1995, selling for $299.95, which was offered in an on-line version in August 1995.
Ancestry.com.
On 1 January 1997, Infobases' parent company, Western Standard Publishing, purchased Ancestry, Inc., publisher of "Ancestry" magazine and genealogy books. Founded in 1983 by John Sittner as a genealogy newsletter, "Ancestry" magazine had been launched in January 1994. Western Standard Publishing's CEO was Joe Cannon, one of the principal owners of Geneva Steel.
In July 1997, Allen and Taggart purchased Western Standard's interest in Ancestry, Inc. At the time, Brad Pelo was president and CEO of Infobases, and president of Western Standard. Less than six months earlier, he had been president of Folio Corporation, whose digital technology Infobases was using. In March 1997, Folio was sold to Open Market for $45 million. The first public evidence of the change in ownership of "Ancestry Magazine" came with the July/August 1997 issue, which showed a newly reorganized Ancestry, Inc., as its publisher. That issue's masthead also included the first use of the Ancestry.com web address.
More growth for Infobases occurred in July 1997 when Ancestry, Inc., purchased Bookcraft, Inc., a publisher of books written by leaders and officers of the LDS Church. Infobases had published many of Bookcraft's books as part of its LDS Collector's Library. Pelo also announced that Ancestry's product line would be greatly expanded in both CDs and online. Alan Ashton, a longtime investor in Infobases, and founder of WordPerfect, was its chairman of the board. Allen and Taggart began running Ancestry, Inc. independently from Infobases in July 1997, and began creating one of the largest online subscription-based genealogy database services.
In April 1999, to better focus on its Ancestry.com and MyFamily.com Internet businesses, Infobases sold the Bookcraft brand name and its catalog of print books to its major competitor in the LDS book market, Deseret Book. Included in the sale were the rights to Infobases's LDS Collector's Library on CD. A year earlier, Deseret Book had released a competing product called GospeLink, and the two products were combined as a single product by Deseret Book.
The MyFamily.com website launched in December 1998, with additional free sites beginning in March 1999. The site generated one million registered users within its first 140 days. The company raised more than US$90 million in venture capital from investors and changed its name on 17 November 1999 from Ancestry.com, Inc. to MyFamily.com, Inc. Its three Internet genealogy sites were then called Ancestry.com, MyFamily.com, and FamilyHistory.com. Sales for 2002 were about US$62 million, and those for 2003 were US$99 million.
In March 2004, the company opened a new call center in Provo as a result of outgrowing their old call center in Orem. The new call center accommodates about 700 agents at a time. Heritage Makers was acquired by MyFamily.com in September 2005, and sold a year later in August 2006. The Ancestry.ca website was opened on 24 January 2006. In March 2006, MyFamily opened a new office in Bellevue, Washington, as part of the MyFamily business unit. Encounter Technologies was acquired in April 2006.
On 19 December 2006, the company changed its name to "The Generations Network." While the company had been offering free access to Ancestry.com at LDS Family History Centers, that service was terminated on 17 March 2007 because of the inability to reach a mutually agreeable licensing agreement between TGN and the LDS Church. In 2010, Ancestry restored access to its site at Family History Centers.
On 6 July 2009, the company changed its name to "Ancestry.com".
In 2010, Ancestry sold its book publishing assets to Turner Publishing. In the same year, the company discontinued the publication of "Ancestry Magazine", after 25 years of publication and "Genealogical Computing".
Ancestry.com became a publicly traded company on NASDAQ (symbol: ACOM) on 5 November 2009 with an initial public offering of 7.4 million shares priced at $13.50 per share underwritten by Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jefferies & Company, Piper Jaffray, and BMO Capital Markets.
The company continued its partnership with NBC for the second season of the "Who Do You Think You Are?" television series in 2011.
In 2010, Ancestry.com expanded its location to San Francisco, California, starting its office in San Francisco with brand new engineering, product, and marketing teams. The San Francisco office is geared toward developing some of Ancestry's cutting-edge technology and services. Some of their recent initiatives include iPhone and iPad application development.
In December 2011, Ancestry.com moved the Social Security Death Index search behind a paywall and stopped displaying the Social Security information of people who had died within the past 10 years because of identity theft concerns.
In September 2012, Ancestry.com expanded its international operations with the opening of its European headquarters in Dublin, Ireland. The Dublin office includes a new call centre for international customers, as well as product, marketing and engineering teams.
In October 2012, Ancestry.com agreed to be acquired by a private equity group consisting of Permira Advisers LLP, members of Ancestry.com's management team, including CEO Tim Sullivan and CFO Howard Hochhauser, and Spectrum Equity for $32 per share or around $1.6 billion. At the same time, Ancestry.com purchased a photo digitization and sharing service called 1000Memories.
In September 2013, Ancestry.com announced its acquisition of Find a Grave. A month later, the company announced it had purchased the family history records of South African genealogy website Ancestry24 which ceased operating in February 2013.
Products and services.
Ancestry.com is a subscription-based genealogy research website with over 5 billion records online. The majority of records are from the United States, though records are being added for other countries, such as Canada, the UK, and European countries. Some records are free for anyone to access, but the majority are accessible only by paid subscription.
On 22 June 2006, Ancestry.com completed the indexing and scanning of all of the United States Federal Census records from 1790 through 1930.
Ancestry.com was nominated for a 2007 CODiE Award in the "Best Online Consumer Information Service" category.
For genetic genealogy, Ancestry.com offers genealogical DNA tests of autosomal DNA, paternal Y-chromosome DNA and maternal mitochondrial DNA.
Site users and traffic.
In the first quarter of 2012, Ancestry had 1.87 million users. According to Quantcast, as of April 2012, Ancestry.com reached a rough estimate of 8.3 – 8.4 million people in the US.
Other sites.
MyFamily.com allows members to create private family or group websites. Customization is limited. The 1998 version is still available but no further enhancements are planned. After three years of a beta release 2.0, it is currently running the first non-beta release, "MyFamily.com 2.5.3". However, since the architecture was changed so radically from 2.0 to 2.5, internally at MyFamily all references to v2.5 are actually being called v3.0. Users of version 3.0 (aka 2.5) last saw an update to the code in February 2010, so since that date both v1.0 and v3.0 have been 'frozen'. Migration services from v1.0 to v3.0 were stopped 21 March 2010 with no reason given. Many features of the original version of the site have not yet been ported to this release, although new features such as video support, blog support, social group interface, and unlimited storage have been introduced. Also in May 2010, MyFamily closed their Bellevue, Washington development office effectively letting their entire staff go since the offer to move to Provo, Utah, was not taken up by any staff. Since the loss of the Washington office, no new features have been added nor have any current problems/bugs been resolved. As of July 2010, free sites on v3.0 were discontinued. On June 4 Ancestry.com announced that myfamily.com will be shutdown on September 5, 2014. Members were informed they could download zip files of their data if they desired. As of June 25, 2014, MyFamily has not yet resolved discontent with the downloading process, which consists of capturing miscellaneous uncatalogued photos with alphanumeric names and no data attached, and various calendar documents, thus leaving behind the associated data, File Cabinet documents, family recipes, and other information.
RootsWeb was acquired by MyFamily.com in June 2000. RootsWeb is a free genealogy community that uses online forums, mailing lists, and other resources to help people research their family history. Founded in 1993 by Brian Leverich and Karen Isaacson as the Roots Surname List, it is the oldest free online community genealogy research site. Users can upload GEDCOM files of their information for others to search at the WorldConnect portion of the site. Trees uploaded to WorldConnect are searchable at both the RootsWeb and Ancestry websites.
Genealogy.com is a genealogy research website with some records not found on Ancestry.com, though the total number of records available is smaller. Genealogy.com was acquired from A&E Networks by MyFamily.com in 2003.
LongLostPeople.com allows one to search public records for living people in the United States.
Footnote.com, acquired in Fall 2010, has a large collection of documents dealing with the United States, including military records, city directories, and newspapers. Footnote has been rebranded as fold3.
ProGenealogists.com is the official Ancestry.com research firm.
Family Tree Maker.
Family Tree Maker (FTM) is advertised as "the #1 selling family history software". As with other genealogy software, FTM allows the researcher to keep track of information collected during research and to create reports, charts, and books containing that information. The software was originally developed by Kenneth Hess of Banner Blue Software, which was purchased by Brøderbund in 1995. It passed through the hands of The Learning Company, Mattel, and others before coming under its current ownership.
A redesigned Family Tree Maker 2008 was released on 14 August 2007. The 2009 version of the program corrected some of the errors and omissions of its predecessor, and introduced a few new features. Family Tree Maker 2010 claims to further enhance the radical re-design and be more powerful and feature-packed with faster navigation and quicker load times.
A version for the Mac was released in 1997, but due to low market demand was discontinued for over a decade. A new version of Family Tree Maker for Mac was finally released on 4 November 2010.
Family Tree Maker Version 16 was awarded a CODiE Award in the "Best Consumer Productivity Solution" category in 2006.
FTM version history.
"Please press show for more information on past versions."
Past products.
Past genealogy programs.
Partnerships.
Ancestry.com is partnered with FamilySearch. FamilySearch has been actively collecting data for the LDS Church as an aid to its program of retroactively baptizing persons into their movement.

</doc>
<doc id="2929444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929444" title="MacWorks XL">
MacWorks XL

MacWorks XL was an Apple Lisa software program which shipped with the Macintosh XL. It allowed 64K Apple Macintosh ROM emulation so the Macintosh XL could run Mac OS programs.
History.
Soon after the debut of the Macintosh, which sold over 50,000 units in the first 100 days compared to only a few thousand Lisas during its entire first year, it became clear to Apple the Lisa (then Lisa 2/10) would benefit from the ability to run the Macintosh system software as well as reduce the development platform resources required to maintain two separate operating systems. 
In April 1984, Apple introduced MacWorks v1.0 for the Lisa. Essentially it allowed the Lisa to run a Macintosh environment from a floppy disk, but did not support a hard disk environment. By the fall, Apple had introduced versions 2.0 & 3.0 which allowed MacWorks to run from the Lisa's internal Widget or attached ProFile hard disk. With the introduction of the re-branded Macintosh XL in January 1985, MacWorks was likewise renamed for the release.
Features.
MacWorks XL shipped on two diskettes. The first booted the Lisa into the Mac OS bootloader. When that process completed, the system displayed an entire white screen, ejected the first disk, and displayed the usual blinking question mark (but with a Macintosh XL graphic below) to indicate that a boot volume (the other disk) was needed. Upon insertion of the second disk, titled "MacWorks XL System Disk", the Lisa would boot Macintosh System 5 ("Mac OS 5" in modern nomenclature).
When the Lisa was discontinued, Sun Remarketing continued development of the MacWorks environment under license up to the release of MacWorks Plus 1.1 (which supports System Software 6). Dafax Processing Corp. with the assistance of Query Engineering, Inc. then further developed the environment to "MacWorks Plus II" which will support up to System 7.5 along with all other late model Motorola 68000-based Macs.

</doc>
<doc id="2929461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929461" title="Qingdao Liuting International Airport">
Qingdao Liuting International Airport

Qingdao Liuting International Airport () is the main airport serving the city of Qingdao, in Shandong Province, China. It is about from the city center. Qingdao is a focus city for China Eastern Airlines and Shandong Airlines. Its IATA code is used for its former name "Tsingtao".
From 2004 to 2006, the airport underwent an expansion of its terminal as well as adding more parking spaces which was part of its initial 2010 goal to expand Liuting Airport to handle 5.2 million passengers annually or 2400 passengers and almost 120,000 tons of cargo hourly. The runway was also extended to its current length.
In 2012, Qingdao Liuting was the 17th busiest airport in China with 12,601,152 passengers.
In December 2013, the Chinese government approved the construction of Qingdao Jiaodong International Airport which will replace Liuting as Qingdao's main airport.
Airlines and destinations.
Notes:
Access.
The airport is about north of the city, and connected by taxi and an airport bus.

</doc>
<doc id="2929469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929469" title="Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka">
Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka

Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka is the debut studio album by American death metal band Nile. The album was released on April 28, 1998 through Relapse Records. The album is considered to be their breakthrough record. In contrast with the following album, "Black Seeds of Vengeance", the songs are much shorter in length than the songs featured on later Nile albums.
The title of the album is a reference to the H. P. Lovecraft story "The Outsider". The phrase is featured in the song "Beneath Eternal Oceans of Sand" which has lyrics paraphrased from the aforementioned tale. In Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, Nephren-Ka was an Egyptian Pharaoh whose unspeakable cult worship led him to be stricken from almost all Egyptian records. The catacombs where he is buried are referenced in several Lovecraft stories as well as many stories by other mythos authors.
The song "Ramses Bringer of War" covers the intro of Gustav Holst's "Mars" movement from "The Planets".
The title of the song "Das Rachekriegslied der Assyriche" roughly translates as "The Revenge War Song of the Assyrians" in German (""Das Rache-Kriegslied der Assyrer""), as if it came straight from the field journal of a German archaeologist.
The name of the album is used as one of achievements in Sid Meier's Civilization V video game, granted to those who beaten the game on any difficulty setting as Ramesses II.

</doc>
<doc id="2929476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929476" title="Mahō Gakuen Lunar!">
Mahō Gakuen Lunar!

Gameplay.
Several enhancements were made to the game that take advantage of the capabilities of modern hardware. While the first game was limited to the hardware restrictions of the 
Game Gear, the new Saturn version boasted a larger color palette, more sophisticated music and sound effects, and the ability to handle full-motion animated sequences placed sporadically throughout the story. The use of a Saturn Memory Card could also ensure more save slots.
The game handles itself very much like a traditional role-playing video game, with turn-based battles which yield experience points required for leveling up, giving the characters access to new abilities and enhanced statistics. The first-person perspective battle interface of the Game Gear version is replaced by a simplified version of the signature Lunar battle system. Character sprites are visible on the battlefield and animations for spells and attacks have been considerably upgraded. A number of multi-character combination attacks have been added as well.
Plot.
The story for "Magic School Lunar!" is very similar to its original version: Elie, a girl from the quiet town of Burg, is selected to enroll in a prestigious magic school located on a drifting island called Ien. Together with her best friend Rena, she makes her way to the school and has many adventures while learning magic and exploring new areas to which Ien Island drifts. Gradually, Elie and her friends get caught up in a plot by a villainous sorcerer to unleash an ancient evil on the land.
Though "Magic School Lunar!" was released after "", it takes place hundreds of years before it, and although few references exist to tie the two games together, it undoubtedly subscribes itself to the same folklore.
Characters.
Playable characters:
Non-playable characters:

</doc>
<doc id="2929505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929505" title="Eidos">
Eidos

Eidos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929507" title="Bill Gaston">
Bill Gaston

Bill Gaston (born 1953) is a Canadian novelist, playwright and short story writer. Gaston grew up in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Toronto, Ontario, and North Vancouver, British Columbia. Aside from teaching at various universities, he has worked as a logger, salmon fishing guide, group home worker and, most exotically, playing hockey in the south of France. He is married (to writer Dede Crane) with four children and lives in Victoria BC, where he teaches at the University of Victoria.
Career.
Gaston has published five novels–"Tall Lives" (Macmillan, 1990, and Seal Books), "The Cameraman" (Macmillan 1994, and Raincoast, 2002), "Bella Combe Journal" (Cormorant, 1996), "The Good Body" (Stoddart, 2000 and U.S., HarperCollins, 2001, Raincoast, 2002, Anansi, 2009, nominated for the Relit Award), "Sointula" (Raincoast, 2004, nominated for the Ethel Wilson Award, and Relit Award, and Penguin, 2012), "The Order of Good Cheer" (Anansi, 2008), and "The World" (Penguin Canada/Hamish Hamilton, 2012). His short fiction collections are "Deep Cove Stories", "North of Jesus’ Beans", the critically acclaimed "Sex Is Red", and "Mount Appetite" (Raincoast, 2002, nominated for the Giller Prize and the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize) and "Gargoyles" (Anansi, 2006, nominated for a Governor General's Award and winner of the Victoria Book Prize and ReLit Award). His memoir, "Midnight Hockey", an irreverent look at oldtimer beer leagues, was published by Doubleday in 2006. He has a collection of poetry, "Inviting Blindness" (Oolichan), the plays "Yardsale" and "I Am Danielle Steel", and has written for television. His short fiction has been published in Granta (U.K.), and Tin House (U.S.), broadcast nationally on the CBC, and included in Best Canadian Stories, and has won the CBC Canadian Literary Award and National Magazine Award. In 2003 he was awarded the inaugural Timothy Findley Award for a body of work.
Reviews.
In 1999, the Globe & Mail wrote: “Given Gaston’s body of work, he merits elevation into the leading ranks of Canadian authors. His writing is gentle, humorous, absurd, beautiful, spiritual, dark and sexy. He deserves to dwell in the company of Findley, Atwood and Munro as one of this country’s outstanding literary treasures.” 
Of Sex Is Red, the Toronto Star wrote: “Bill Gaston’s latest story collection features his usual verve–lord, it seems he’s actually having fun...Bill Gaston is the Eveready Bunny of the short story. May he keep on going and going.”
U.S. writer Thomas McGuane wrote: “The Good Body is a winning, moving book filled with an achy humanity and rueful, well-earned humor. Here are places and struggles we haven’t already seen. Bill Gaston is a most valuable writer.” 
“Bill Gaston is a writer of great empathy, capable, it seems, of getting beneath the skin of anybody.” (2002 Giller Prize Jury–Barbara Gowdy, Thomas King, William New)

</doc>
<doc id="2929522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929522" title="Johan Friis">
Johan Friis

Johan Friis (20 February 1494 – 5 December 1570) was a Danish statesman. He was born in Lundbygaard, Sweden, and died in Koge, Denmark. He studied in Odense and in Copenhagen before completing his education abroad.
Few among the ancient Danish nobility occupy so prominent a place in Danish history as Johan Friis, who exercised a decisive influence in the government of the realm during the reign of three kings. He was one of the first of the magnates to adhere to the Reformation and its promoter King Frederick I (1523-1533). Friis succeeded Claus Gjoodsen as imperial chancellor in 1532, and held that dignity till his death.
During the ensuing interregnum he powerfully contributed, at the head of the nobles of Funen and Jutland, to the election of Christian III (1533-1559), but in the course of the Counts' War he was taken prisoner by Count Christopher, the Catholic candidate for the throne, and forced to do him homage. Subsequently by judicious bribery he contrived to escape to Germany, and from thence rejoined Christian III.
He was one of the plenipotentiaries who concluded peace with Lübeck at the congress of Hamburg, and subsequently took an active part in the great work of national reconstruction necessitated by the Reformation, acting as mediator between the Danish and the German parties who were contesting for supremacy during the earlier years of Christian III. This he was able to do, as a moderate Lutheran, whose calmness and common sense contrasted advantageously with the unbridled violence of his contemporaries.
As the first chancellor of the reconstructed university of Copenhagen, Friis took the keenest interest in spiritual and scientific matters, and was the first donor of a legacy to the institution. He also enjoyed the society of learned men, especially of those who could talk with him concerning ancient monuments and their history. He encouraged Hans Svaning to complete Saxo's history of Denmark ("Gesta Danorum"), and Anders Vedel to translate Saxo into Danish.
His generosity to poor students was well known. Under King Frederick II (1559-1588), who understood but little of state affairs, Friis was well-nigh omnipotent. He was involved in the Scandinavian Seven Years' War (1563–70), which did so much to exacerbate the relations between Denmark and Sweden. Friis died on 5 December 1570, a few days before the peace of Stettin.

</doc>
<doc id="2929543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929543" title="Google Summer of Code">
Google Summer of Code

The Google Summer of Code (GSoC) is an annual program, first held from May to August 2005, in which Google awards stipends (of US$5,500, ) to all students who successfully complete a requested free and open-source software coding project during the summer. The program is open to students aged 18 or over – the closely related Google Code-In is intended for students under the age of 18.
The event draws its name from the 1967 Summer of Love (of the 1960s counterculture), and the idea for the SoC came directly from Google's founders, Sergey Brin and Larry Page. From 2007 until 2009 Leslie Hawthorn, who has been involved in the project since 2006, was the program manager. In 2010, Carol Smith took over management of the program.
Overview.
The program invites students who meet their eligibility criteria to post applications that detail the software-coding project they wish to perform. These applications are then evaluated by the corresponding mentoring organization. Every participating organization must provide mentors for each of the project ideas received, if the organization is of the opinion that the project would benefit from them. The mentors then rank the applications and decide among themselves which proposals to accept. Google then decides how many projects each organization gets, and asks the organizations to mark at most that many projects accordingly.
In the event of a single student being marked in more than one organization, Google mediates between all the involved organizations and decides who "gets" that student. The other mentoring organization then unmarks the student and marks a new proposal for acceptance, or gives their slot back to the pool, after which it is redistributed.
Google has published the overall top 11 schools for the period 2005–2012. The list is as follows:
History.
2005.
In 2005, more than 8,740 project proposals were submitted for the 200 available student positions. Due to the overwhelming response, Google expanded the program to 419 positions.
The mentoring organizations were responsible for reviewing and selecting proposals, and then providing guidance to those students to help them complete their proposal. Students that successfully completed their proposal to the satisfaction of their mentoring organization were awarded $4500 and a Google Summer of Code T-shirt, while $500 per project was sent to the mentoring organization. Approximately 80% of the projects were successfully completed in 2005, although completion rates varied by organization: Ubuntu, for example, reported a completion rate of only 64%, and KDE reported a 67% completion rate. Many projects were continued past summer, even though the SOC period was over, and some changed direction as they developed.
For the first Summer of Code, Google was criticized for not giving sufficient time to open source organizations so they could plan projects for the Summer of Code. Despite these criticisms there were 41 organizations involved, including FreeBSD, Apache, KDE, Ubuntu, Blender, Mozdev, and Google itself.
According to a blog post by Chris DiBona, Google's open source program manager, "something like 30 percent of the students stuck with their groups past SoC of Code." Mozilla developer Gervase Markham also commented that none of the 10 Google-sponsored Mozilla projects survived after the event. However, the Gaim (now Pidgin) project was able to enlist enough coding support through the event to include the changes into Gaim (now Pidgin) 2.0; the Jabber Software Foundation (now XMPP Standards Foundation) and KDE project also counted a few surviving projects of their own from the event (KDE only counted 1 continuing project from out of the 24 projects which it sponsored).
2006.
In 2006, around 6,000 applications were submitted, less than the previous year because all applicants were required to have Google Accounts, thereby reducing the number of spam applications received. Google and most mentors are also of the opinion that the proposals were of much higher quality than 2005's applications. Also, the number of participating organizations more than doubled to 102. In addition to the organizations that participated in 2005, organizations such as Debian, GNU, Gentoo, Adium, PHP, and ReactOS participated in 2006. Google had decided to sponsor around 600 projects.
The student application deadline was extended until 2006-05-09, at 11:00 PDT. Although the results were to be declared by 5:00 PM PDT, there was considerable delay in publishing it as Google had not expected several students to be selected in more than one organization. Google allows one student to undertake only one project as part of the program. It took Google several hours to resolve the duplicate acceptances. The acceptance letters were sent out on May 24, at 3:13 AM PDT, but the letters were also sent out to some 1,600 applicants who had in fact, not been accepted by Google's SoC committee. At 3:38 AM PDT, Chris DiBona posted an apology to the official mailing list, adding that "We're very deeply sorry for this. If you received two e-mails, one that said you were accepted and one that you were not, this means you were not."
Google has released a final list of projects accepted into the program on the SoC website. The proposals themselves were visible to the public for a few hours, after which they were taken down in response to complaints by the participants about the "sensitive and private" information that their applications contained. However, Google has since resolved these issues by allowing each student involved in Summer of Code to provide a brief abstract message that is publicly viewable and completely separate from the content of the actual proposal that was submitted to Google.
The Summer of Code 2006 ended on 2006-09-08. According to Google, 82% of the students received a positive evaluation at the end of the program.
2007.
In 2007, Google accepted 131 organizations and over 900 students. Those 131 organizations had a total of nearly 1500 mentors.
Students were allowed to submit up to 20 applications although only one could be accepted. Google received nearly 6,200 applications.
To allow more students to apply, Google extended the application deadline from March 24 to March 26 at the last minute. It was then extended again to March 27.
On April 11, the acceptance letters were delayed due to additional efforts involved in resolving duplicate submissions. At one point, the web interface changed each application to have a status of "Not Selected". Google officials reported that only the acceptance email was the definitive indication of acceptance.
2008.
In 2008, Google chose 174 open source organizations to participate in Summer of Code, greatly increased from 131 the year before and 102 in 2006. Each organization was chosen based on a number of criteria, such as the virtue of the projects, the ideas given for students to work on, and the ability of the mentors to ensure students successfully completed projects.
Nearly 7100 proposals were received for the 2008 Summer of Code, of which 1125 were selected.
The university results were announced on May 8, 2008 at Google's "Open Source at Google" blog. According to it, University of Moratuwa came first in both "Top 10 Universities of 2008 GSoC applicants" and "Top 10 accepted universities 2008 GSoC" categories. Wrocław University of Technology able to secure the second place in "2008 GSoC Accepted: Top 10 Universities" category, while Universidade Estadual de Campinas became second in "2008 GSoC Applicants: Top 10 Universities" category.
2009.
For 2009 Google reduced the number of software projects to 150, and capped the number of student projects it would accept at 1,000, 85 percent of which were successfully completed.
As of 2009, University of Moratuwa in Sri Lanka ranks first in terms of the number of awards received by students for the five-year period 2005–2009 securing 79 accepted students.
2010.
In 2010 Google accepted 150 software projects and 1,026 students from 69 countries worldwide. The top ten countries by number of students accepted in 2010 are: United States (197), India (125), Germany (57), Brazil (50), Poland (46), Canada (40), China (39), United Kingdom (36), France (35), Sri Lanka (34).
2011.
The number of organizations was increased to 175, of which 50 were new.
1,115 students were accepted.
A total of 595 different universities participated in the program, 160 of which were new to the program. The 13 universities with the highest number of students accepted into the 2011 Google Summer of Code account for 14.5% of the students.
University of Moratuwa, Sri Lanka secured first position in 2011's program with 27 accepted students. Polytechnic University of Bucharest, Romania was the second with 23 accepted students while Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India placed third with 14 students.
The breakdown of college degrees for the 2011 Google Summer of Code program was as follows: 55% of the students were undergraduates, 23.3% were pursuing their Masters degrees, 10.2% were working on their PhDs and 11.5% did not specify which degree they were working toward.
2012.
Google announced the Google Summer of Code 2012 on February 4, 2012. On April 23, 2012, Google announced that 1,212 proposals were accepted in 180 organizations. For the first time since inception, the highest number of GSoC participants came from India (227) followed by the USA (173) and Germany (72). The University of Moratuwa continued its dominance with 29 selections, followed by Indian tech school BITS Pilani with 26 selections from its Goa and Pilani campuses.
2013.
Google announced the Google Summer of Code 2013 on February 11, 2013. On April 8, 2013, Google announced that 177 open source projects and organizations would take part that year. 1,192 student project proposals were accepted.
2014.
Google announced the Google Summer of Code 2014 on February 3, 2014. On April 21, 2014, Google announced that 190 open source projects and organizations would take part that year. 1,307 student project proposals were accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="2929557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929557" title="Breakdown (video game)">
Breakdown (video game)

Gameplay.
Although "Breakdown" is a first-person shooter, it integrates elements of a fighting game and uses auto-lock for shooting enemies. The viewpoint is always the player's, and interaction with objects is realistic: ammunition is picked up by looking down and grabbing it (instead of walking over it), doors are opened by grabbing the handle, key cards used by swiping them over a scanner and ladders climbed by using one's arms. Health and energy are replenished by consuming energy bars and sodas
Plot.
An underground complex, T'lan (known by humanity as Site Zero), has been discovered in Japan. Built by unknown forces and controlled by a being known as Nexus, a research facility to study the complex is established. As the game begins, there have been minor skirmishes between the humans and T’lan.
Protagonist Derrick Cole has developed amnesia from an injection of T’langen, a fluid recovered from Site Zero which was intended to create supersoldiers. He is in a recovery facility near Site Zero at the beginning of the war between the humans and Nexus, which overflows into the facility. Derrick is rescued by a woman, Alex Hendrickson, who seems to know him and is dismayed about his amnesia. As they escape, he develops great strength to fight the T’lan. They escape to the research facility, learning that Nexus is launching an attack on humanity with crystal rockets in Site Zero moving his troops.
In Site Zero Alex is captured by Solus, a T’lan. As Derrick makes his way through Site Zero he encounters Stefania Wojinski, a neurologist specializing in memory loss and recovery. She is killed moments later, after handing over a disk demanded by the enemy. Derrick runs upstairs to the silos, but arrives to find Gianni de Luca's squad decimated. The T'lan rockets are launched, sending T’lan all over the world. Derrick enters the heart of Site Zero to stop Nexus, destroying it but being challenged by Solus. During the fight, Solus kills Alex; Derrick is sent 15 years into the future when a nuclear strike, launched by the army, reacts with Solus' shield.
Derrick awakes in a memory chamber designed by Stefania, and it is revealed that the game until now was a journey through his memory; he is now in a dystopian future controlled by the T’lan. A group of human scientists explains that Derrick will experience a pendulum effect, bringing him back to the present. This will allow him to change the future, preventing the rockets' launch. Traveling through the complex to reach Glen, Derrick finds Alex (who does not recognize him). They meet Glen, who reveals that although they failed to stop the launch 15 years before, they had time to perfect T'langen (which would allow Derrick to reach his full potential). As the pendulum effect begins, Alex accompanies Derrick to the present although she knows she will die. They are separated in the pendulum-effect tunnel, and will arrive in different times.
Derrick saves Stefania before she is thrown off the building, and helps the military to destroy the rockets. He defeats Solus, saves Alex and defeats Nexus, ending the T’lan threat. Derrick and Alex escape from Site Zero as it implodes. In a helicopter above the site with Stefania and Gianni, Alex questions the future; since she still exists, the future has divided into two timelines (with and without the T'lan). As the pendulum effect begins to throw Alex into the future she jumps out of the helicopter, saying that only she should return. Derrick has a choice: remaining in his own time (and allowing Alex to die) or following her into the future.
Reception.
David Chen, writing for Xbox-gaming magazine "XBN", gave "Breakdown" a score of 9 out of 10. He said, "Hardcore gamers ... will find "Breakdown" suffers from a few too many design flaws" but praised the game: "In spite of any ... shortcomings, "Breakdown" is an enormously compelling, satisfying game".
In 2009, GamesRadar included it in its list of games "with untapped franchise potential": ""Breakdown" got a lot of attention for its originality (first person fistfights!) and bizarre plot (time traveling alien super-soldiers.) "Official Xbox Magazine" went so far as to claim that "Breakdown" was better than Halo’s. Three and a half "Halo" games later, there’s still no franchise in sight for "Breakdown"."

</doc>
<doc id="2929559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929559" title="Oakhurst, Georgia">
Oakhurst, Georgia

Oakhurst is a historic neighborhood in the southwest corner of Decatur, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. It is located south of downtown Decatur and approximately six miles east of downtown Atlanta. Oakhurst primarily consists of residences built in early 20th Century and neighborhood businesses. It is roughly bounded by the City of Atlanta's Kirkwood neighborhood (west of Winter Ave.) on the west ; the Atlanta city limits (Northern St. & Pharr Rd.) on the south; West College Ave. (and the railroad tracks paralleling West College Avenue) on the north; and South McDonough St. on the east. There is also a neighborhood near the College Heights Early Learning Center (roughly centered on South McDonough St. & Lenore St.) referred to as "College Heights", but it is part of Historic Oakhurst.
At the center of the neighborhood is a business district popularly known as "Oakhurst Village" with several eateries, art galleries, and shops. Oakhurst Village is also home to the former Old Scottish Rite Hospital, designed by local architect Neel Reid in 1917. The hospital relocated to the Perimeter District of Atlanta in 1976, and the historic building currently houses an art gallery, a wine bar, and the Solarium, a community center and event facility, where local neighborhood groups meet. There are additional commercial properties and a MARTA rail station (East Lake station) at the northern boundary of Oakhurst, on West College Avenue.
Oakhurst is an eclectic, liberal-minded community, typical of intown Atlanta. It has a diverse mix of African Americans, white residents, senior citizens, singles, young couples, young families, empty nesters, and a large gay community. According to the 2000 Census, slightly fewer than 5,000 people lived in Oakhurst.
History.
Oakhurst originally developed as a streetcar suburb of Atlanta. The Atlanta City Street Railway Company built the North Decatur trolley line in 1892. This line crossed the South Decatur trolley line at the center of the Oakhurst business district - the intersection of East Lake Drive, Oakview Road and Mead Road. This portion of Oakhurst was owned by Eugenius N. Meade in the late 19th Century. His land was purchased by John Ridley in 1907. Mr Ridley had a small farm at this location, but he made his money in the mercantile business and in real estate. He sold much of his land in 1910, and it became part of the newly incorporated Town of Oakhurst.
In 1910 the Georgia Legislature approved the incorporation of Oakhurst. Oakhurst's population was approximately 100 people at the time of incorporation, mostly located around the railroad tracks near College Avenue and the present MARTA station. The original residential directory gave addresses on Park Place, Madison (formerly Viola), College Avenue, Mead Road (formerly Meades Road) and Winter Avenue. Although residences had been constructed in the MAK Historic District as early as 1905-1907, Oakhurst primarily developed in the 1910s and 1920s. The development occurred in clusters. In addition to the 1910 John Ridley development, the Feld Realty development occurred in 1910, East Lake Land Development Company constructed structures in 1910 and 1924; and the A.R. and L.M. Morris development occurred in 1915.
The northern section of Mead Road was annexed by the City of Decatur in 1907, but the Town of Oakhurst was not annexed into the city of Decatur until 1914-1916. Shortly after annexation, however, Oakhurst's City Hall/Schoolhouse burned and destroyed all of the town records, so little is known about the old Town of Oakhurst. Oakhurst remains a distinct community within the City of Decatur.
Architecture.
Oakhurst is predominantly a residential community. The primary architectural style of the period homes is that of craftsman bungalows although some homes were also built in the more modest post-war style of the 1940s. The structures are primarily down-scale, pre-World War II, brick homes with front porches. Recently, as property values have risen due to gentrification, newer homes have been built in varying styles. Notable historic structures, other than churches, include:
Churches.
Oakhurst has several churches.
Schools.
Oakhurst's public schools include
Festivals.
Oakhurst festivals include:
Parks.
Oakhurst includes Decatur City Parks.
Transportation.
Oakhurst is near major transportation arteries, but has a limited number of roads connecting it to downtown Decatur due to the east-west MARTA line.

</doc>
<doc id="2929560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929560" title="Hyle">
Hyle

In philosophy, hyle (; from ) refers to matter or stuff. It can also be the material cause underlying a change in Aristotelian philosophy. The Greeks originally had no word for matter in general, as opposed to raw material suitable for some specific purpose or other, so Aristotle adapted the word for "wood" to this purpose. The idea that everything physical is made of the same basic substance holds up well under modern science, although it may be thought of more in terms of energy or matter/energy.
Substance.
The matter of hyle is closely related to that of substance, in so far as both endure a change in form, or transformation. Aristotle defined primary substance as that which can neither be predicated nor attributed to something else, and he explained the transformation between the four terrestrial elements in terms of an abstract primary matter that underlies each element due to the four combinations of two properties: hot or cold and wet or dry. He stipulated that transformations between opposing elements, where both properties differ, must be analyzed as two discrete steps wherein one of the two properties changes to its contrary while the other remains unchanged, (see essence and hylomorphism).
Modern substance theory differs, for example Kant's "Ding an sich", or "thing in itself", is generally described as whatever is its own cause, or alternately as a thing whose only property is that it is that thing (or, in other words, that it has only that property). However, this notion is subject to the criticism, as by Nietzsche, that there is no way to "directly" prove the existence of any thing which has no properties, since such a thing could not possibly interact with other things and thus would be unobservable and indeterminate.
On the other hand, we may need to postulate a substance that endures through change in order to explain the nature of change—without an enduring factor that persists through change, there is no change but only a succession of unrelated events. The existence of change is hard to deny, and if we have to postulate something "unobserved" in order to explain what "is" observed, that is a valid "indirect" demonstration (by abductive reasoning). Moreover, something like a prime substance is posited by physics in the form of matter/energy.

</doc>
<doc id="2929563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929563" title="Wesley Powell">
Wesley Powell

Wesley Powell (October 13, 1915 – January 6, 1981) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Hampton Falls, New Hampshire.
Powell was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He attended schools in Portsmouth before graduating from the University of New Hampshire. He received his law degree from the Southern Methodist College of Law in 1940.
He served in the U.S. Army Air Corps in World War II and practiced law in Manchester before his two terms as Governor of New Hampshire from 1959 to 1963.
Memorials.
A street in Hampton Falls is named Governor Powell Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="2929568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929568" title="Green Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Green Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

The Green Party of Ontario ran 58 candidates in the 1999 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Candidates.
Hamilton West: Phyllis McColl.
McColl was 56 years old at the time of the election, and had recently retired from a teaching position at Mohawk College ("Hamilton Spectator", 1 June 1999). She received 495 votes (1.20%), finishing fourth against New Democratic Party candidate David Christopherson.
Peterborough: Larry Tyldsley.
Larry Tyldsley is an activist, director, and producer. He became active with the social justice movement in Central America in the 1980s, and later started a shelter for street alcoholics, worked as a community education coordinator in Ottawa, and served as executive director of the New Canadians Centre in Peterborough. He later produced a documentary film entitled, "Searching for Buddha". He has been a Green Party candidate in two provincial elections. 
When attending the Green Party's 1997 convention, Tyldsley mentioned that he no longer owned a car due to the pollution and social costs associated with automobile use. In 2001, he accused the government of British Columbia Premier Gordon Campbell of promoting environmentally harmful practices through its taxation policies. He has also written in support of the Canadian Firearms Registry.
St. Catharines: Doug Woodard.
Woodard was born in Alberta in 1942, and was raised in Quebec. He is now retired, and is a resident of St. Catharines. Woodard is a contributor to the Babble.ca forum, where he has written a number of articles advocating the single transferable vote.
He has been a member of the Green Party for most of the time since 1984. He received 215 votes (0.46%) in 1999, finishing fifth against Liberal candidate Jim Bradley.
Trinity—Spadina: Sat K. Singh Khalsa.
Khalsa was a frequent candidate for the provincial and federal Green Parties in the 1990s. He is a co-founder of Toronto's Local Employment and Trading System (LETS), which distributes GreenDollars as local barter ("Toronto Star", 28 March 1992), and was listed as a LETS administrator in 1993 ("Toronto Star", 20 June 1993). During the 1993 federal election, he promised to donate half his parliamentary salary to community groups if elected ("Toronto Star", 22 October 1993).
Khalsa described himself as a househusband during the 1997 federal election ("Toronto Star", 30 May 1997) and has called for greater democracy within the family unit, encouraging greater respect between parents and children ("Toronto Star", 6 June 1996). In a 1990 forum on Toronto police services, he advocated that Toronto officers be renamed as "peace officers", and only be permitted to draw their guns to defend themselves ("Toronto Star", 5 November 1990). 
Windsor West: Timothy Dugdale.
Dugdale is a writer and academic, and lived in Windsor at the time of the 1990 election. He has a Master of Arts degree in Communication Studies from the University of Windsor, and a Ph.D. from Wayne State University in Michigan, USA. His dissertation was entitled, "”Telling It Like It Was?!” Discursive Strategies In Star/Celebrity (Auto)Biographies - Jackie Byars, director".
He campaigned for the Green Party of Canada in the 1997 federal election, and received 357 votes for a fifth-place finish in Windsor—St. Clair. The winner was Shaughnessy Cohen of the Liberal Party. In the same year, he unsuccessfully campaigned for mayor of Windsor.
He received 420 votes (1.13%) in the 1999 election, finishing fourth against Liberal incumbent Sandra Pupatello. He newspaper report from this period lists him as a communications instructor at the University of Windsor. Dugdale claimed he would run as a "Blue Green", fiscally conservative and socially liberal ("Windsor Star", 27 January 1999).
Dugdale was Press Manager and Head Graphic Designer of the University of Detroit Mercy Press from 2001 to 2004, when he founded Atomic Quill Media. He now teaches English at Detroit Mercy, and has published two books: "Requiem for Oblivion" and "I Couldn't Care Less".
He also operates his own website, available.

</doc>
<doc id="2929578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929578" title="Chyron">
Chyron

Chyron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929582" title="Will Foster">
Will Foster

Will Foster is the former keyboardist for the English rock band The Tears. Previously, he played with UK art rock band Delicatessen before forming Lodger - alongside Delicatessen singer Neil Carlill, Supergrass drummer Danny Goffey, and Goffey's wife Pearl Lowe. Throughout the late 1990s he was a regular collaborator and live musician with London also-rans The Tin Apes. He still collaborates with their singer Paul Miller in cult act the Miller Test.
After the demise of Lodger, he played guitar and keyboards for Toshack Highway and Sophia, as well as working with Bermudan singer/songwriter Heather Nova.
Since 2008, he has been associated with Jon Fratelli, playing keyboards and guitar with The Fratellis during their 2008/2009 live shows. When the band went on hiatus, he followed Jon Fratelli to his new band Codeine Velvet Club, where he also played keyboards and guitar during their 2009/2010 live shows. When the band disbanded he then played keyboard/piano with Jon's solo band.
The Fratellis eventually reunited during 2012, although he didn't play the initial reunion show with the band he has played every show since. He now takes on a keyboard role, and no longer plays the entire set with the band.

</doc>
<doc id="2929591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929591" title="Hans Svane">
Hans Svane

Hans Svane (Svaning) (March 27, 1606 – July 26, 1668) was a Danish statesman and ecclesiastic, born at Horsens, where his father, Hans Riber, was burgomaster.
His mother Anne was a daughter of the historian Hans Svaning, whose name, subsequently altered to Svane, he adopted. At Copenhagen Svane devoted himself to the study of Oriental languages, and between 1628 and 1635 completed his education abroad, at Franeker in Friesland, Wittenberg, Oxford and Paris. After seven years' residence abroad Svaning returned to occupy the chair of Oriental languages at the university of Copenhagen. In 1646, finding promotion slow, he turned to theology and was "created" Dr theol. by his old patron Jesper Brochmand, now bishop of Sjælland, whom he succeeded in the metropolitan see of Denmark on January 26, 1655.
As a theologian he belonged to the severely orthodox Lutheran school. His scholarship, despite the erudition of his commentary to the prophet Daniel in two huge folio volumes, is questionable. But in Latin and Danish he won distinction as a speaker, and his funeral orations in both languages were admired by his contemporaries. At the famous "risdag" of 1660 he displayed debating talent of a high order and played an important political role. It was Svaning who, at the opening of the "rigsdag", proposed that only members of the council of state should be entitled to fiefs and that all other estates should be leased to the highest bidder whatever his social station.
At a hint from the king he laboured to get the royal charter abolished and the elective monarchy transformed into an hereditary monarchy. The clerical deputies followed him in a serried band, as the burgesses followed Nansen, and the bishop's palace was one of the meeting-places for the camarilla which was privy to the absolutist designs of Frederick III. Throughout the session Svane was chairman of "the Conjoined Estates" in their attacks upon the nobility, his watchword being: "Equal rights for all and a free hand for the king." It was on his motion (Oct. 8) that the Commons agreed "to offer his majesty the crown as an hereditary crown," to which proposition the nobility acceded, under severe pressure, two days later. When, on the 13th, the three estates assembled at the castle, it was Svane's speech, as president of the estate of the clergy, which gave the solemnity its ultra-royalist character. He, too, quashed the timid attempt of the more liberal minded of the deputies to obtain a promise from the king of some sort of a constitution. In fact, excepting the king and queen, nobody contributed so powerfully to the introduction of absolutism into Denmark as the bishop of Copenhagen.
He was raised to the dignity of archbishop, a title which no other Danish prelate has since borne, and as president of the academic consistory of the university (an office which was invented for and died with him) he took precedence of the "rector magnificus". He was also created a royal councillor, an assessor of the supreme court and a member of the "stats kollegiet" or council of state. His elevation seems to have turned his head. The university suffered the most from his extravagant pretensions; and his quarrels with all the professors at last caused such a scandal that the king had to interfere personally. A bishop who was at the same time a privy councillor, a minister of state and a judge of the supreme court could have but little time for spiritual duties.
Yet Svane was not altogether neglectful of them. Especially noteworthy is his plan for the erection of a consistorial college for managing all the temporal affairs of the church, including education and poor relief, anticipating to some extent the modern ministries of education and public worship, which unfortunately was not adopted. Moreover, the privileges which he obtained for the clergy did much to increase the welfare and independence of the Danish Church in difficult times, while his representations to the king that Danish theology was not likely to be promoted by placing Germans over the heads of native professors bore good fruit.
See Detlev Gotthard Zwergius, "Sjellandske clerisie" (Copenhagen, 1754).

</doc>
<doc id="2929593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929593" title="Stephen Juba Park">
Stephen Juba Park

The Stephen Juba Park, named after Stephen Juba, is located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is a waterfront park on the western bank of the Red River and runs from downtown Winnipeg to the Exchange District. The park features bike paths, landscaping and a Water Taxi dock. The park has an extensive multi-user path system, open areas and public art works by local artists. 
Dedicated to Stephen Juba in 1983, the park underwent significant upgrades as part of the City of Winnipeg's $9.1 million Waterfront Drive project in 2004.
The park contains one of a select number of off-leash dog parks in Winnipeg.

</doc>
<doc id="2929598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929598" title="Byerazino">
Byerazino

Berazino (), or Berezino (), also known as Biarezan (Бярэзань), is a town on the River Berezina in the Minsk Province of Belarus. The population is 13,300 (1998 census).
History.
Although there are no documented points to determine the original founding date of the settlement on the territory of the present Berazino, it is believed that it originated as a trading post on the River Berezina which was part of the historic route "from Varyags to Greeks" of the Kievan Rus. The first chronicles of a settlement date from 1501, which is believed to be the present date of its founding.
During the middle of the 16th century, the city belonged to one of the mightiest dynasties of the Great Duchy of Lithuania - the Sapieha Family, who controlled many other territories in Central Belarus. In 1641 the Duke Kazimierz Leon Sapieha built a wooden Catholic Church which became one of the central attractions of the town. In the course of the Russo-Polish War (1654–1667) the city was captured by Russian-Cossack forces in 1655, but was taken away from them and in 1661 became part of the Minsk Voivodeship. 
During the Northern War in 1708, upon Charles XII's attempt to storm into the Rzecz Pospolita, releasing the Russian/Rzecz Pospolita blockade in neighbouring Barysaw, the Swedish king used Berazino to cross the Berezina River instead, however the conquest ended with the Battle of Poltava further south. 
In 1793 the town was annexed by Imperial Russia as part of the Second Partition of Poland. There are different versions of who owned the town after the Sapieha Family. The most logical version by berezino.net is that Sapieha owned the town until partition took place in 1793, and Berezino was granted by emperess Ekaterina II to Ludwik Count Tyszkiewicz. From him, the Berezino estate went to his daughter Anna Tyszkiewicz (married 1st time Potocka, 2nd time Wasowicz.) Anna Tyszkiewicz-Potocka-Wasowicz should be remembered in Berezino particularly well since she resuscitated the Roman Catholic Church in 1803, and built the Palace well before 1850. She tried to revive the Berezino region economically by starting a carpet factory in Horenichi village, but the investment didn't survive for long. The town was under French/Polish command in 1812 during Napoleon's Eastern Campaign, where his failed advance on Moscow was defeated fully by the forces of General Barclay de Tolly in early 1813. The town was in Potocki (pronounced Pototski) family possession well until June 1920, when the Bolshevik Red Army attacked Poland and subsequent peace treaty changed the Soviet-Polish borders as the place become part of Soviet territory. Last owner of Berezino was Antoni-Ludwik Count Potocki.
During the latter half of the 19th century, the town profited from its geographical position and in 1897 was noted to have 4871 residents, of which 3377 were Jews. By the start of World War I, it became a large river port which loaded goods (mostly salt and timber) and shipped them down the river to the Baltic Ports. Also the liquor and alcohol industry began to be developed, including the Potocki's Vodka Distillry (est. 1893). It is considered the brilliant investment by Potocki family---to date, the most profitable enterprise, supplying much of the town budget and tax revenues.
In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution of 1917, the town changed hands several times, including German and Polish armies during the Russian Civil War and the Polish-Bolshevik War. Finally on June 7, 1920 Berazino became part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. From June 17, 1924 as a separate raion centre in the Barysaw District and in June 1927 - Minsk District. Eventually the town grew, and on 15 February 1938 became part of the Mogilev Province. During that time, mass industrialisation took place, and the position of the river port allowed a development of shipbuilding, wheel, textile and liquor factories, as well as smaller workshops for automobiles and wood fabrics. The population also rose from 2,968 in 1930 to 4,800 in 1939.
During World War II, the city was occupied by Nazi Germany, which completely changed the town's make-up by killing all Jews, and was liberated by the 2nd Byelorussian Front on 3rd of July 1944 during operation "Bagration". 
In September of that year the town became part of the Berazino raion of Minsk Province, and on July 7, 1968 became a city. Presently, the town occupies an area of 1.9 square kilometres and its population is 13.3 thousand people (1998).
Modern Berazino.
Industry.
All of Berazino's products are sold abroad and in Belarus; the most notable production plants are:
In addition, there are a few other factories. including mineral water bottling, several bakeries and smaller local fabrics.
Education and culture.
The city has three schools, one of which specializes in future pedagogical training. In addition there is what is known as a Centre of intellectual development, formally a school specializing in Physics and Mathematics: the centre focuses on developing youth talent, and helps guide the youth towards the correct institute for higher education in main urban centres of Belarus. 
The central house of culture is the main point which also groups 22 rural points, altogether comprising 32 libraries, arts and music schools.
The town is the birthplace of personages such as the physicist Alexandr Borisovich and the Israeli Hebrew actress Hanna Rovina .
Health and welfare.
The city has a central hospital with 4 additional local clinics and 26 rural health centres. Presently, there are 55 doctors and 243 nurses.
Athletically oriented, the city has 1 gymnasiums, 1 football fields, two stadiums, three archeries and one pool?. Many famous athletes are natives of Berazino, including Georgy Zhukovsky, Belarusian champion and part of the national team for waterpolo, Nikolay Khokol, world champion for rowing, and Valentina Sakhonchik, multiple champion of the USSR for velosports.
Attractions.
In total there are 110 memorials comprising sculptures, monuments and plaques. 68 buildings are deemed as architectural heritage, including the famous House of Duke Pototsky, which is very much neglected by the government. A few decades more without restoration services, the building will surely collapse. The original wooden Roman Catholic Church, founded by L. Sapieha in 1641, and upgraded by countess Anna Potocka-Wasowicz in 1802, burnt down in a huge town fire in 1914.
The Berazino region also sports huge hunting and fishing resources.

</doc>
<doc id="2929599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929599" title="Theremyn 4">
Theremyn 4

THEREMYN_4 is a live electronic Peruvian group founded in 1999 by musician and producer Jose Gallo. Theremyn_4 has various full-length albums, numerous local and international appearances and international awards. They have been considered by the peruvian and foreign critic as one of the most important electronic music groups from their country. Their sound travels through different styles of electronic music, merging with rock, new wave, jazz and world music.
Among their main musical influences are New Order, Kraftwerk, Orbital, Led Zeppelin, Narcosis, Rush, The Chemical Brothers and Boom Boom Satellites. In interviews they also mention other influences such as film, painting, comics and literature.
Theremyn_4's current lineup features Lu Falen on vocals, Jose Mendocilla on guitars and Jose Gallo on synths, samplers and djing.
The First Albums (1999-2003).
"Fluorescente Verde en el Patio" ("Fluorescent Green in the Yard") was independently released in July 2000 and among the scene, CDs and cassettes were dispersed. The album’s style is close to breakbeat and drum & bass, with experimental incursions. Hakim de Merv, a Peruvian critic, referred to the release of this album as "the birth of non-trance Peruvian dance electronica." "Chambi," one of the many outstanding songs this album has to offer, pays homage to the famous Peruvian photographer, Martin Chambi. "SDF-18 bit groove," another great song, samples and recreates the theme song from the animated series, Robotech. The video produced for the song "Carmín Ciclón," was broadcast on MTV in 2001. Meanwhile, the song "Detonador" was considered one of the 10 most downloaded songs in February 2000 on the website, "www.yeyeye.com," owned by Soda Stereo's ex-drummer, Charly Alberti.
2001 saw the release of "Mi Vida en Infrarrojo" ("My Life in Infrared"), an album highlighting six hours of music Theremyn_4 presented at "Modular 12 º 06 's / 77 °01' or "Park-O-Bahn." The installation "Park-O-Bahn" transmitted 168 hours of continuous Peruvian electronic music. It was held in April of the same year in Miraflores Central Park, Lima. "Mi vida en infrarrojo," is an album with a "spatial" influence, mixed with down-tempo electronica, lounge and trip-hop. During that same year, the group had its first live performance with Jose Gallo on keyboards, effects and samplers and Francisco "Chisco" Ramos on guitar.
In 2002 the group appeared at the compilations "Tributo a la Niñez." Then, in 2003 the group participated in Contrataque’s compilation “Tributo al Rock Subterraneo" and performed at the Peruvian electronic music festival “Looperactiva”.
Flight Simulator (2004-2005).
The 3rd album "Lima/Tokyo/Lima" was debuted at the “Peru Moderno Festival” in Paris, France, in February 2004, organized by Cultural Association, CAPULI. Once the group arrived back to Lima, they added audiovisual formats. Renzo Signori was in charge of Live Visuals and Jose Gallo of the musical area. They presented the album in many of Lima’s venues and in different cities in Peru, such as: Cajamarca, Chiclayo and Trujillo. Notable reviews appeared in various national and international presses. Latin America Rolling Stone Magazine, reviewed "Lima / Tokyo / Lima" as Theremyn_4’s best album yet, and was "strongly recommended." "El Comercio," a well-known newspaper in Peru, said, "Theremyn_4 has become the most important group of the local, electronic scene." The sound of "Lima/Tokyo/Lima" is more mature than previous albums and has bits of rock, jazz and experimental tones. Music from films and future jazz pop music, such as the Japanese anime "Cowboy Bebop" influence Theremyn_4’s then sound.
In June 2004, Theremyn_4 released "Peruvian Remixing Co," which was produced almost simultaneously with "Lima/Tokyo/Lima." "Peruvian Remixing Co." is a mixed album and one of the first of its kind in Peru. This album contains remixed Peruvian rock and electronic groups such as: Catervas, Gaia, Zen and Sonica. Theremyn_4 mixed previous work from numerous, inspirational groups with their own previous and unreleased tracks.
In the beginning of 2005, "Lima/Tokyo/Lima" was listed as "The Best of 2004,” according to a number of Peruvian media sources. "2001 Mil Años Despues," an electronic music radio show, conducted by the legendary DJ Helene Ramos, said "Lima / Tokyo / Lima" was the best album, had the best album cover and song of the year, entitled "Panasonic Jazz Suite," in her annual review.
Re-evolution (2006-2007).
In 2005, the group began performing with major, foreign groups. In June, they played with Aviador Dro, perhaps the most important Spanish electronic group. In December, Theremyn_4 played with the Argentinian electro pop band Entre Ríos. At the same time, the group continued with their national tour in Peru, around Cuzco, Trujillo and La Oroya. After the tour, in September 2006, the group released their 5th album,"Spacetimebomb." This was the first time Theremyn_4 collaborated with other Peruvian musicians and Argentinian musician, Gabriel Lucena (an ex-member of Entre Rios). The Peruvian musicians involved were: Paco Holguin (Emergency Blanket), Carlos Vasquez (Unidad Central), Bruno Macher (Sabor y Control) and Jason Fashe. The sound of this album shows how Theremyn_4 was able to step away from breakbeats and jazz, and step into acid house and techno. Tracks like "Rocknho," "El Futuro Buda," "Lo-fi gen" and "Supercontexto," are all proof of this transition. The idea for the visual imagery for the album was based on the graphic novel entitled, "The Invisibles," by Scottish writer, Grant Morrison.
“Spacetimebomb” was performed at the "Fuga Jurasica 9 Festival," in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The album was presented at the "Mario Vargas Llosa Theater," in Lima’s National Library with French electro funk band, SMOOTH.
In October 2006, Theremyn_4 participated in a Peruvian tribute to Soda Stereo, with their own rendition of "Secuencia Inicial," from the album DYNAMO.
In December 2006, Theremyn_4 released their video for "Escape en un Simulador de Vuelo," directed by the award winning video director, Percy Céspedez. The video was broadcast on MTV, was chosen to be part of a video-art exhibit in Europe and was selected to be shown at the Contemporary Art Festival in Barcelona, in 2007. In Lima, Theremyn_4 appeared on the TV show, "Jammin," playing the best of "Spacetimebomb" live.
In June 2007, Theremyn_4 performed as a support act for Robin Guthrie (guitarist for Cocteau Twins) at an notable concert in Lima.
Raid on the Dancefloor (2008-2010).
In April 2008, DJ and producer, Nicolas Miranda, joined the group and the performances were taken to the dance floor. Due to the new remixes and versions that were created, "Inflamable" was created in mid-2009. "Inflamable" is an album with a techno, electro, hard sound. Theremyn_4 used samples of old songs to create a new sound concept. New collaborators, such as Wicho Garcia, (Mar de Copas and Narcosis) sang an electronic version of "La Vida Actual," a song from underground Peruvian legends "Narcosis" and Cocó Ciëlo from the band Silvania and Ciëlo. "Inflamable" appeared clearly defined throughout the local media and blogs worldwide. The song "Milnueve84," was chosen for the Music Alliance Pact selection, in April 2010.
Theremyn_4 began to perform at dance oriented venues and at electronic music festivals. In August 2009, they were invited to be part of "The Hacienda World Tour," and shared the stage with techno legend, Peter Hook, (New Order bassist, Joy Division) in Lima. In November, they performed on the main stage at Creamfields festival in Lima, along with Richie Hawtin, Etienne de Crecy and other well-known, international electronic artists.
In September 2009, "ESPACIOTIEMPO CIRCULAR" was released, containing video and audio, giving listeners and viewers an experience through music and pictures telling the history of Theremyn_4 and their ten years of spreading music.
In August 2010, the song "Supercontexto" was selected for the CD "DOSSIER CIUDAD Y CULTURA (X): LIMA (PERÚ)" from the Spanish magazine, Zona de Obras. The article in the magazine stated that "all albums that have been released by Theremyn_4 are essential pieces to understand the evolution of local electronic music."
In January 2010, Theremyn_4 performed at Intifest, an important electronic music festival with full Peruvian concepts.
In August 2010, Theremyn_4 performed in Colombia, at the independent music festival, "Cucunuba Pop Fest," along with indie bands from around Latin America.
In November 2010, the group opened a show in Lima for RECOIL, the personal project by former Depeche Mode member, Alan Wilder.
Rhythm and Fiction (2011-2012).
In November 2011, "Fiction Beats," Theremyn_4's 7th album was released. Produced between 2010 and 2011, this album has a more polished and mainstream sound than ever before. "Fiction Beats," influenced by new wave, rock, techno and world music, has songs with pop formats, without losing its "dance" roots. It was mixed in Buenos Aires by Gabriel Lucena. The list of artists who participated in the creation of this album is very extensive. Musicians who appear on this album are: Solange Jacobs (Ex-Tonka and now Fifteen Years Old), Paco Holguin (Emergency Blanket), Lu Falen (current singer), Santiago Pillado (El Hombre Misterioso), and from the production stance: Chisco Ramos (guitarist and member of the group from 2001-2003), Nicolas Miranda (DJ, producer and member of the group from 2008-2010), Jason Fashe (producer from Audiokoncept Records, Lima) and Jorge Azama (Live Sound Engineer).
Upon Theremyn_4’s release of "Fiction Beats," they quickly rose to the top spot on local lists, as "Best of the Year." Blogs, newspapers and magazines praised the album's "dance and pop" impetus. Raul Cachay, an El Comercio critic, wrote: "Truly fresh, vigorous and a real party starter virtually from start to finish".
In March 2012, "Fiction Beats" reached New York, USA. "Fiat Lux," a dance-pop track from "Fiction Beats," received a Grand Prize from the "John Lennon Songwriting Contest," in the electronic music category, and later received a Lennon Award in June as the "Electronic Exponent of the Year." In July, Theremyn_4 were invited to the Pop Montreal Festival in Canada, among the best new pop groups from around the globe. In Peru, they were selected from some of the most talented groups in the country, to play at the "Lima Live Rock" concert, the largest Peruvian festival in recent years. In December the group was nominated for one of the most important awards from the aspect of cultural life in Peru, the "Premios Luces," for "Group of the Year."
Discography.
Albums
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="2929604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929604" title="Caldicot Comprehensive School">
Caldicot Comprehensive School

Caldicot School () is a coeducational and non-selective secondary school in the town of Caldicot, Monmouthshire in South Wales. Mrs. Gwyer-Roberts is headmistress and has been so since 2003. The school motto is 'Committed to Achievement' as seen at the bottom of the school crest. The crest is 'CCS' (an abbreviation of Caldicot Comprehensive School), made to look like a swan.
Buildings.
The buildings of Caldicot Comprehensive School are named after local geographic places. There are three main buildings Castle, Grayhill and Deepweir.
On the east side of the school, is Deepweir building. It is named after an area in Caldicot. It is 2 floors tall, and houses the sixth form pupils, as well as the Maths lessons, Business Studies and Welsh Baccalaureate classes.
On the west side of the school, is the oldest building named Grayhill. It is named after an area in Caldicot. This is the original Caldicot Community College, opened in 1959. It is 2 floors tall, and is where the Year 7 & 8 pupils register. The History, ICT, Geography, Drama and Welsh language Departments are all based here.
In between the two, is Castle building. It is named after Caldicot Castle. This is where Years 9, 10 and 11 pupils register. Inside, are the English Department, Religious Studies, Media Studies, and Foreign Languages Departments. It is the tallest building, with 3 floors and is all the tallest building in the whole of Caldicot itself. Joined onto Castle building is the Science block (New and Old).
The Technology Department have their own buildings to teach in, as does the Music Department. There is a field by the school (which is owned by the school), which the school's Physical Education department often use. They also use Caldicot Leisure Centre, for swimming lessons. There are three gymnasiums on site for P.E use, these are Grayhill Gym, Castle Gym and the sports hall located in the Leisure Centre
The school aims to help children develop the right skills that they will need for the future. They provide activities to all ages, from sports to academic clubs. The sports take place in the three different gyms and the academic clubs take place in the subject department.

</doc>
<doc id="2929610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929610" title="USS Haggard (DD-555)">
USS Haggard (DD-555)

USS "Haggard" (DD-555) was a "Fletcher"-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Captain Haggard of the "Louisa", who fought in the Quasi-War.
"Haggard" was launched by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Co., Seattle, Wash., 9 February 1943, sponsored by Mrs. E. B. McKinney; and commissioned 31 August 1943, Commander D. A. Harris in command.
"Haggard" departed for shakedown training off California 29 September and after completing it departed Seattle 24 November for Pearl Harbor. The ship arrived 30 November 1943 and spent the next 2 months in tactical exercises with other destroyers in Hawaiian waters. Her first combat operation was to be the forthcoming invasion of the Marshall Islands, next step on the island road to Japan.
Central Pacific.
The ship sailed 22 January 1944 for the Marshalls. She covered the unopposed landings on Majuro 31 January and then sailed to Kwajalein Atoll. Taking up firing position inside the lagoon 2 February, she provided gunfire support for the advancing Marines until the island was secured 3 days later. Then "Haggard" patrolled and escorted transports in the Kwajalein area until sailing for Engebi, Eniwetok Atoll 17–19 February. There the destroyer again provided close fire support with her 5 inch guns, helping to secure Eniwetok. With the Marshalls in American hands, "Haggard" arrived 7 March at Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides.
For the next months, "Haggard" operated with 3rd Fleet in the New Guinea-Solomons area. Her duties included reconnaissance patrols, convoying, and screening escort carriers. She also worked occasionally with minecraft and screened a minelaying operation 9 May in the Solomons, passing within 800 yards of an enemy-held beach on Buka Passage. During the night of 16–17 May the destroyer was patrolling with "Franks" (DD-554) and "Johnston" (DD-557) when she picked up an underwater sound contact. With quickness and accuracy the three ships delivered depth charge attacks and were credited with the sinking of the Japanese submarine "I-176".
"Haggard" joined 5th Fleet at Eniwetok 21 May to prepare for the Marianas operation, as America's amphibious might pressed across the Pacific. Departing Eniwetok 8 July, "Haggard" arrived Guam with battleships "Pennsylvania" (BB-38) and "New Mexico" (BB-40) and other fleet units 17 July and began a devastating bombardment of the beach fortifications. With the landing on Guam of Marines 21 July, the destroyer turned to close fire support, lending her accurate gunfire to the battle ashore.
Next on the timetable of the Pacific island campaign was the Palau group, needed to provide an air base for further advances. "Haggard" was withdrawn from Guam to Espiritu Santo 24 August 1944 and later joined the Western Escort Carrier Group off the Solomons 4 September. During the invasion of Peleliu 15 September "Haggard" screened carrier groups as they provided bombardment and close fire support for Marines ashore. Aircraft from her group also bombarded Ulithi before the ships returned to Manus' Seeadler Harbor 1 October.
Philippines.
"Haggard"’s next operation was the long-awaited invasion of the Philippines. She was assigned to an escort carrier group off Samar in support of the invasion of Leyte and the fleet surface actions 23–25 October. A part of Rear Admiral Felix Stump's "Taffy 2" (Task Unit 77.4.2) in the Battle off Samar, "Haggard" and her group were surprised on the morning of 25 October by heavy units to the northward under Admiral Takeo Kurita heading toward the invasion beaches on Leyte Gulf. As the carriers of "Taffy 3" (TU 77.4.3) retired at top speed and the gallant destroyers, including "Hoel" (DD-533), "Heermann" (DD-532), and "Johnston", attacked the Japanese at close range, planes from both carrier groups attacked repeatedly and effectively in the hope of diverting the overwhelming Japanese force and allowing the American light units to escape. "Haggard" took position astern of her carriers to protect them, and took many near misses from the big guns of the Japanese fleet. Although two escort carriers and three destroyers were sunk, quick thinking and the great courage of the attacks saved the smaller American group and inflicted damage on its attackers. Admiral Kurita decided not to steam into Leyte Gulf and returned to the northward.
"Haggard" remained with the escort carrier groups through November during air operations in support of the Philippines campaign. After a brief stay at Ulithi 25 November–10 December, the destroyer joined Task Force 38 (TF 38) in support of the Luzon invasion. Then, 10–20 January 1945, Admiral William Halsey's 3d Fleet made a striking incursion into the South China Sea. With "Haggard" and other destroyers screening, the carrier groups struck Luzon, Formosa, Indochina, and the Chinese mainland destroying shipping and airfields in a memorable demonstration of mobile sea power.
Japan.
The destroyer returned to Ulithi 26 January 1945, but soon sailed with Task Group 58.4 (TG 58.4) for strikes against Japan itself. Departing 9 February, the group, including carriers "Randolph" (CV-15) and "Yorktown" (CV-10), hit Tokyo 16–17 February, just before the important landings on Iwo Jima. Turning then to that stoutly defended island, "Haggard"’s carrier group lent air support to the assault until returning to Ulithi 4 March 1945.
With the Pacific campaign then reaching its climax, "Haggard" sortied again with Vice Admiral Marc Mitscher's 5th Fleet carriers for attacks on Japan. During strikes on Honshū 18–19 March, Japanese suicide planes struck back at the task force. "Haggard"’s gunners shot down several kamikazes, as carriers "Franklin" (CV-13) and "Enterprise" (CV-6) were damaged. After fueling at sea, the fast carrier group, moved toward Okinawa 22 March, with "Haggard" acting as picket destroyer ahead of the formation. Shortly before midnight she detected a surfaced submarine with radar, and after it dived attacked with depth charges. Ten minutes later the submarine surfaced on "Haggard"’s port beam. Commander Soballe brought his ship into a hard left turn toward his adversary. With full throttle and guns blazing, "Haggard" rammed the submarine "I-371" amidships, sinking her in three minutes. After this daring duel, "Haggard"’s crew made emergency repairs to her damaged bow and took her back to Ulithi 25 March.
Her repairs completed, "Haggard" sailed from Ulithi 21 April with battleship "Iowa" (BB-61) to support the Okinawa operation. Again occupied with screening carriers in the area, "Haggard" and other fleet units were constantly threatened by suicide planes as the Japanese tried desperately to stop the invasion. While proceeding to picket station 29 April the ship was attacked by a kamikaze making a shallow dive to starboard. Though nearly blown apart by the fury of the destroyer's guns, the aircraft crashed close aboard and penetrated her hull near the waterline. Soon afterward, her bomb exploded in "Haggard"’s engine room. As water gushed through the gaping hole in the destroyer's side and she began to settle, another suicide plane attacked, but was splashed by anti-aircraft fire. Through fast and skillful damage control the flooding was stopped and "Haggard" was kept afloat. Wounded were taken by cruiser "San Diego" (CL-53) and destroyer "Walker" (DD-517) arrived to tow the stricken ship to Kerama Retto, near Okinawa. The ship arrived 1 May 1945.
Hampered by lack of materials and almost constant air alerts, "Haggard"’s crew succeeded in repairing her so that she could get underway. She departed Kerama Retto 18 June 1945 and arrived Pearl Harbor via Saipan and Guam 12 July. From there she steamed to San Diego and the Panama Canal Zone, arriving at Norfolk 5 August 1945. Decommissioned 1 November 1945, "Haggard" was scrapped because of war damage.
Honors.
"Haggard" received three battle stars for World War II service. The ship is credited with up to 7 engagements in and around the Pacific during its tour of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="2929612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929612" title="Villa Clara">
Villa Clara

Villa Clara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929619" title="International Geographical Union">
International Geographical Union

The International Geographical Union (IGU; , UGI) is an international geographical society. The first International Geographical Congress was held in Antwerp in 1871. Subsequent meetings led to the establishment of the permanent organization in Brussels, Belgium, in 1922. The Union has 34 Commissions and four task forces. The commissions range from Applied Geography, Gender Geography, Marine Geography, as well as Landscape Analysis and Water Sustainability. 
The International Geographical Union adheres to the International Council for Science (ICSU) and the International Social Science Council (ISSC), which it recognizes as coordinating bodies for the international organization of science.
Objectives.
The IGU has seven objectives or aims:
Presidents.
The following list contains the Senior Officers of the IGU from 1922-present:

</doc>
<doc id="2929620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929620" title="The Silver Mistress">
The Silver Mistress

The Silver Mistress is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in the United Kingdom in 1973. It was the seventh book of adventures featuring O'Donnell's comic strip heroine, Modesty Blaise.
Plot summary.
Sir Gerald Tarrant, head of a secret service department in the British Government, and good friend of Modesty Blaise, is being driven by his chauffeur along a narrow road on the edge of the gorge of the Tarn River in S. France. His chauffeur stops to help two nuns change a tire on their car, and Sir Gerald is taken prisoner - by the nuns, no less.
On the other side of the gorge lies Quinn, only semi-conscious after having stumbled and fallen while hiking. But he is sufficiently aware that he sees the two cars stopped on the road, and he tries to summon help by waving his handkerchief. Unknown to him, he is spotted by Mr. Sexton, who is the leader of the kidnapping operation.
This starts a long chain of events. Modesty rescues Quinn the next morning, and then later Quinn provides the missing information that convinces Modesty that Sir Gerald has been kidnapped. (Until now everyone had believed that Sir Gerald had died together with his chauffeur when his car went tumbling down into the Tarn River.) Modesty and Willie Garvin have by chance already determined the probable location of Sir Gerald's captivity: Chateau Lancieux in the foothills of the Pyrenees in S. France.
A hasty rescue mission is set in action. Modesty and Willie gain access to the chateaux via a deep cave, but on entering into the basement they are captured by the formidable Mr. Sexton, who prides himself on being the world's greatest unarmed combat man. Now Modesty and Willie are scheduled to die at Mr. Sexton's hand, one at a time, to further the process of softening Sir Gerald up for interrogation.
Characters.
Modesty Blaise
Willie Garvin
Sir Gerald Tarrant
Henry Quinn
Lady Janet Gilliam
Colonel Jim Straik
Mr. Sexton
Angelica "Angel"
Clare McTurk
Lucy Straik
René Vaubois
Weng

</doc>
<doc id="2929629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929629" title="I*">
I*

i* (pronounced "i star") or i* framework is a modeling language suitable for an early phase of system modeling in order to understand the problem domain. i* modeling language allows to model both as-is and to-be situations. The name i* refers to the notion of distributed intentionality which underlines the framework. It is an approach originally developed for modelling and reasoning about organizational environments and their information systems composed of heterogeneous actors with different, often competing, goals that depend on each other to undertake their tasks and achieve these goals. It covers both actor-oriented and Goal modeling. i* models answer the question WHO and WHY, not what. 
In contrast, the UML Use case approach covers only functional goals, with actors directly involved in operations (typically with software). The KAOS approach covers goals of all types but is less concerned with the intentionality of actors. 
Elements.
The model describes dependencies among actors. There are four elements to describe them: goal, soft goal, task and resource. The central concept in i* is in fact that of the "intentional actor". Organizational actors are viewed as having intentional properties such as goals, beliefs, abilities, and commitments (concept of "distributed intentionality"). Actors depend on each other for goals to be achieved, tasks to be performed and resources to be furnished. By depending on others, an actor may be able to achieve goals that are difficult or impossible to achieve on its own; on the other hand, an actor becomes vulnerable if the depended-on actors do not deliver. Actors are strategic in the sense that they are concerned about opportunities and vulnerabilities, and seek rearrangement of their environments that would better serve their interests by restructuring intentional relationships.
Models.
i* framework consists of two main modelling components:
Strategic Dependency model (SD).
An SD model describes a network of dependency relationships among various actors in an organisational context. The actor is usually identified within the context of the model. This model shows who an actor is and who depend on the work of an actor.
An SD model consists of a set of nodes and links connecting the actors. Nodes represent actors and each link represents a dependency between two actors. The depending actor is called "Depender" and the actor who is depended upon is called the "Dependee".
Strategic Rationale model (SR).
An SR model allows modeling of the reasons associated with each actor and their dependencies, and provides information about how actors achieve their goals and soft goals. This model includes only elements considered as important enough to impact the results of a goal.
The SR model shows the dependencies of the actors by including the SD model. Relating to these dependences, the SR model specifies goals, soft goals, tasks and resources. Compared with SD models, SR models provide a more detailed level of modelling by looking "inside" actors to model internal, intentional relationships. Intentional elements (goals, soft goals, tasks, resources) appear in the SR model not only as external dependencies, but also as internal elements linked by means-ends relationships and task-decompositions. The "means-end links" provide understanding about "why" an actor would engage in some tasks, pursue a goal, need a resource, or want a soft goal; the "task-decomposition links" provide a hierarchical description of intentional elements that make up a "routine". Such a model is used to describe stakeholder interests and concerns, and how they might be addressed by different configurations of systems and environments.
Reasons for using i*.
i* provides the possibility to achieve information in an early phase of the software engineering process. In former days UML was used to make information visible, but as UML often focuses on organisational objects, which are not so important in the early phase, when the emphasis should be on helping stakeholders gain better understanding of the various possibilities for using information systems in their organizations.
i* models offer a number of levels of analysis, in terms of "ability", "workability", "viability" and "believability".
Benefits of i* and Use Case Integration.
i* provides an early understanding of the organizational relationships in a business domain. The Use Case development from organizational modeling using i* allows requirement engineers to establish a relationship between the functional requirements of the intended system and the organizational goals previously defined in the organization modeling.
Goal modelling.
i* can be used in requirements engineering to understand the problem domain. SD models and SR models can then be used to develop use cases. This is an ideal language to express Actors, Tasks, Resources, Goals and Softgoals.
From i* to UML.
i* is used for the early requirements and UML for late requirements. Thus you have to transform the i* model into a UML model. You can do this by using the following guidelines:
References.
"Conceptual Modeling: Foundations and Applications - Essays in Honor of John Mylopoulos". LNCS volume 5600. Springer. ISBN 978-3-642-02462-7.

</doc>
<doc id="2929636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929636" title="James Autry">
James Autry

James David Autry (September 27, 1954 – March 14, 1984) was a convicted murderer in the U.S. state of Texas, executed by lethal injection.
Autry had been convicted of shooting 43-year-old Port Arthur convenience store clerk, Shirley Drouet, between the eyes with a .38 caliber pistol on April 20, 1980. He then shot two witnesses in the head, one of whom, Joe Broussard, a Roman Catholic priest, died instantly, while the other, Anthanasios Svarnas, a Greek seaman, survived but was left with permanent brain damage. The crime had been committed with John Alton Sandifer, Autry's roommate. Although no money was missing from the cash register, a carton of beer valued at $2.70 was missing.
In October 1983, he had been strapped in the gurney in the execution chamber, with the needles in his arms, when a stay of execution came through. He would later be executed on March 14, 1984, in the second execution in Texas since the reintroduction of the death penalty in the state after "Gregg v. Georgia".
He declined to make a final statement but did request a last meal of a hamburger, French fries, and a Dr Pepper.

</doc>
<doc id="2929637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929637" title="Nicola Terrenato">
Nicola Terrenato

Nicola Terrenato (born October 22, 1963) is an Italian scholar of ancient Italy.
Terranato was born in Rome.
A Classical archaeologist teaching in the Interdepartmental Program in Classical Art and Archaeology (IPCAA) at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor Michigan, United States, Terrenato's expertise includes the Romanization of Italy and the archaeology of Etruria. He has excavated at Rome (Palatine Hill and Auditorium site), at Volterra and in the Cecina Valley, and in Basilicata. Terrenato is the director of the Cecina Valley Survey in Northern Tuscany. Since 2007, Terrenato has been director of the Gabii Project at the site of the ancient city of Gabii, approximately 18 km east of Rome. His team completed two seasons of geophysical and topographical survey at the site (2007 and 2008), and began major excavations in June 2009 and continued those excavations in 2010 and 2011. The Gabii Project has received support from the National Endowment for the Humanities for its continued research.
Publications
"Books"
"Articles"

</doc>
<doc id="2929639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929639" title="George Robertson">
George Robertson

George Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929658" title="Washing of the Spears">
Washing of the Spears

The Washing of the Spears is a classic book about the "Zulu Nation under Shaka" and the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879, written by Donald R. Morris in 1965.
The first edition, published in 1966 is over 600 pages with detailed Bibliography. The book chronicles the rise of the Zulu nation under Shaka Zulu in the early 19th century and Chief Cetshwayo’s inevitable war with the British in 1879 as the colony of Natal pushed at the Zulu nation's borders.
A second edition of the book titled “The Washing of the Spears: The rise and fall of the Zulu Nation” was published in 1998

</doc>
<doc id="2929664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929664" title="North Branch Rancocas Creek">
North Branch Rancocas Creek

The North Branch Rancocas Creek is a tributary of Rancocas Creek in southwestern New Jersey in the United States.
The creek starts in the Pine Barrens of Brendan T. Byrne State Forest and Fort Dix Military Reservation, near Browns Mills.
From its confluence with Rancocas Creek, tidewater extends upstream to the upper end of Mount Holly.

</doc>
<doc id="2929666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929666" title="Hawkesbury, Gloucestershire">
Hawkesbury, Gloucestershire

Hawkesbury is a hamlet consisting of a few cottages around a triangular green. It is also the name of a civil parish in the South Gloucestershire unitary authority in England in which Hawkesbury itself lies, it is located west of Hawkesbury Upton, off the A46 road.
The civil parish includes Hawkesbury itself, the larger village of Hawkesbury Upton and the hamlets of Dunkirk, Petty France and Little Badminton. According to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 1,235. Prior to 1991 what is now the Hillesley and Tresham parish in Stroud District formed the northern part of the parish.
The Cotswold Way passes by the two settlements.
There is a monument (the 'Somerset Monument') on the Cotswold Edge at . The monument was erected in 1846 to commemorate General Lord Edward Somerset. He was a soldier son of the 5th Duke of Beaufort, (whose ancestral home is at Badminton), who had served with distinction at Waterloo.
History.
John Marius Wilson described nineteenth century Hawkesbury in his "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales" as a "tything, a parish, and a sub-district, in Chipping-Sodbury district, Gloucester…has a post office, of the name of Hawkesbury-Upton, under Chippenham, a police station, and a fair on the last Friday of Aug.” The population of Hawkesbury at that time was 466 and the town included 108 houses. Together with the tithings of Upton, Hillesley, Little Badminton, and Saddlewood-with-Tresham and Killcott, the parish of Hawkesbury had a population of 2,173 with 499 houses 
Hawkesbury was a rural parish in Gloucestershire in which agriculture and animal husbandry were economically dominant. The climate in southwestern Gloucestershire was partial to raising potatoes, along with domesticated animals. Cattle and sheep were important to the livelihood of the residents of Hawkesbury as there was a fair held on last Friday in August for the sale of those animals. The raising of sheep was a principal source of income, primarily for their wool. Homes constructed along streams aided in the wool production industry as it provided water necessary for dying and washing. This water also provided means to grind corn in grist mills and finish cloth in fulling mills.

</doc>
<doc id="2929669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929669" title="Gadsby">
Gadsby

Gadsby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929673" title="Antenatal steroid">
Antenatal steroid

Antenatal steroids (or antenatal corticosteroids) are medications given to pregnant women expecting preterm delivery. They have been shown to reduce the morbidity and mortality of hyaline membrane disease. They have also been shown to have definite beneficial effect even in conditions of preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Dexamethasone and betamethasone are the corticosteroids used for the purpose although the former is recommended over the latter based on its efficacy, safety, wide availability, and low cost in spite of some counter-logic. Betamethasone, on the other hand, is preferred over dexamethasone because it is thought to have better prophylaxis of brain softening of premature fetus. They are used with the intention to help the lungs of a premature fetus develop before the fetus comes out. They are given when the fetus is expected to be delivered within 24 to 48 hours. Treatment consists of 2 doses of 12 mg of betamethasone given intramuscularly 24 hours apart or 4 doses of 6 mg of dexamethasone given intramuscularly 12 hours apart. Optimal benefit begins 24 hours after initiation of therapy and lasts 7 days. Antenatal steroids are currently used up to 36 weeks in some parts of the world obstetric practice.
It may also reduce risk of intraventricular hemorrhage.
The time between administration of steroids and delivery may alter the effectiveness of the steroids.

</doc>
<doc id="2929681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929681" title="Dante Symphony">
Dante Symphony

"A Symphony to Dante's Divine Comedy, S.109, or simply the "Dante Symphony"", is a program symphony composed by Franz Liszt. Written in the high romantic style, it is based on Dante Alighieri's journey through Hell and Purgatory, as depicted in "The Divine Comedy". It was premiered in Dresden in November 1857, with Liszt himself conducting, and was unofficially dedicated to the composer's friend and future son-in-law Richard Wagner. The entire symphony takes approximately 45 minutes to perform.
Some critics have argued that the "Dante Symphony" is not so much a symphony in the classical sense as it is two descriptive symphonic poems. Regardless, "Dante" consists of two movements, both in a loosely structured ternary form with little use of thematic transformation.
Composition.
Liszt had been sketching themes for the work since the early 1840s, and in 1847 he played some fragments on the piano for his Polish mistress Princess Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein. At this early stage in the composition it was Liszt's intention that performances of the work be accompanied by a slideshow depicting scenes from the "Divine Comedy" by the artist Bonaventura Genelli. He also planned to use an experimental wind machine to recreate the winds of Hell at the end of the first movement. Although Princess Carolyne was willing to defray the costs, nothing came of these ambitious plans and the symphony was set aside until 1855.
In June 1855 Liszt resumed work on the symphony and had completed most of it before the end of the following year. Thus, work on the "Dante Symphony" roughly coincided with work on Liszt's other symphonic masterpiece, the "Faust Symphony", which was inspired by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's drama "Faust". For this reason, and because they are the only symphonies Liszt ever composed (though certainly not his only symphonic works), the "Dante" and "Faust" symphonies are often recorded together.
In October 1856 Liszt visited Richard Wagner in Zürich and performed his "Faust" and "Dante" symphonies on the piano. Wagner was critical of the "Dante Symphony's" "fortissimo" conclusion, which he thought was inappropriate as a depiction of Paradise. In his autobiography he later wrote:
"If anything had convinced me of the man's masterly and poetical powers of conception, it was the original ending of the "Faust Symphony", in which the delicate fragrance of a last reminiscence of Gretchen overpowers everything, without arresting the attention by a violent disturbance. The ending of the "Dante Symphony" seemed to me to be quite on the same lines, for the delicately introduced "Magnificat" in the same way only gives a hint of a soft, shimmering Paradise. I was the more startled to hear this beautiful suggestion suddenly interrupted in an alarming way by a pompous, plagal cadence which, as I was told, was supposed to represent St Dominic."<br>
<br>
""No!" I exclaimed loudly, "not that! Away with it! No majestic Deity! Leave us the fine soft shimmer!""
Liszt agreed and explained that such had been his original intention, but he had been persuaded by Princess Carolyne to end the symphony in a blaze of glory. He rewrote the concluding measures, but in the printed score he left the conductor with the option of following the "pianissimo" coda with the "fortissimo" one.
Liszt's original intention was to compose the work in three movements: an "Inferno", a "Purgatorio" and a "Paradiso". The first two were to be purely instrumental, and the finale choral. Wagner, however, persuaded Liszt that no earthly composer could faithfully express the joys of Paradise. Liszt dropped the third movement but added a choral Magnificat at the end of the second movement. This action, some critics claim, effectively destroyed the work's balance, leaving the listener, like Dante, gazing upward at the heights of Heaven and hearing its music from afar. Moreover, Liszt scholar Humphrey Searle argues that while Liszt may have felt more at home portraying the infernal regions than the celestial ones, the task of portraying Paradise in music would not have been beyond his powers.
Liszt put the final touches to the symphony in the autumn of 1857. The premiere of the work took place at the Hoftheater in Dresden on 7 November 1857. The performance was an unmitigated disaster due to inadequate rehearsal; Liszt, who conducted the performance, was publicly humiliated. Nevertheless, he persevered with the work, conducting another performance (along with his symphonic poem "Die Ideale" and his second piano concerto) in Prague on 11 March 1858. Princess Carolyne prepared a programme for this concert to help the audience follow the unusual form of the symphony.
Like his symphonic poems "Tasso" and "Les préludes", the "Dante Symphony" is an innovatory work, featuring numerous orchestral and harmonic advances: wind effects, progressive harmonies that generally avoid the tonic-dominant bias of contemporary music, experiments in atonality, unusual key signatures and time signatures, fluctuating tempi, chamber-music interludes, and the use of unusual musical forms. The Symphony is also one of the first to make use of progressive tonality, beginning and ending in the radically different keys of D minor and B major, respectively, anticipating its use in the symphonies of Gustav Mahler by forty years.
Liszt was not the only symphonic composer who was inspired by Dante's "Commedia". In 1863 Giovanni Pacini composed a four-movement "Sinfonia Dante" (the finale depicts Dante's triumphant return to Earth).
Instrumentation.
The symphony is scored for one piccolo (doubling as 3rd flute in the second movement), two flutes, two oboes, one English horn, two clarinets in B and A, one bass clarinet in B and A, two bassoons, four horns in F, two trumpets in B and D, two tenor trombones, one bass trombone, one tuba, two pairs of timpani (requiring two players), cymbals, bass drum, tamtam, two harps (the second harp only in the second movement), strings, harmonium (second movement only), and a women's choir comprising soprano and alto singers (second movement only), one of the sopranos being required to sing a solo.
Inferno.
The opening movement is entitled "Inferno" and depicts Dante and Virgil's passage through the nine Circles of Hell. The structure is essentially sonata form, but it is punctuated by a number of episodes representing some of the salient incidents of the "Inferno". The longest and most elaborate of these – the Francesca da Rimini episode from Canto 5 – lends the movement something of the structure of a triptych.
The music is chromatic and tonally ambiguous; although the movement is essentially in D minor, this is often negated by G, which is as far as one can get from D. There are relatively few authentic cadences or key signatures to help resolve the tonal ambiguity. The harmony is based on sequences of diminished sevenths, which are often not resolved.
The Gates of Hell.
The movement opens with a slow introduction ("Lento") based on three recitativelike themes, which Liszt has set to four of the nine lines inscribed over the Gates of Hell:
The first of these themes, which is immediately repeated in a slightly varied form, begins in D minor – a key Liszt associated with Hell – but ends ambiguously on G a tritone higher. This interval is traditionally associated with the Devil, being known in the Middle Ages as "diabolus in musica":
The second theme is closely related to the first, but this time there is an unambiguous authentic cadence on G:
The third theme begins as a chantlike monotone played by horns and trumpets on E against a string tremolo in C minor. It cadences on a tonally ambiguous diminished seventh on G:
The first and third of these themes are punctuated by an important drum-roll motif played on two timpani and the tam-tam, which recurs in various forms throughout the movement:
As the tempo increases, a motif derived from the first of these themes is introduced by the strings. This "Descent" motif depicts Dante and Virgil's descent into Hell:
This is accompanied by another motif based on rising and falling semitones (appoggiature), which is also derived from the symphony's opening theme, while the horns play the third theme in augmentation on G:
This passage is punctuated by a brass motif taken from the third theme:
These motifs are developed at length as the tempo gradually increases and the tension builds. The music is dark and turbulent. The chromatic and atonal nature of the material conveys a sense of urgency and growing excitement.
The Vestibule and First Circle of Hell.
At the climax of this "accelerando", the tempo becomes "Allegro frenetico" and the time signature changes from common time to "Alla breve": the slow introduction comes to an end and the exposition begins. The first subject, which is introduced by the violins, is based on the same rising and falling semitones that we heard in the introduction. Ostensibly it begins in D minor, but the tonality is ambiguous:
The tempo increases to "Presto molto" and a second subject is played by wind and strings over a pedal on the dominant A:
Although Liszt provides no verbal clues to the literary associations of these themes, it seems reasonable to assume that the exposition and ensuing section represent the Vestibule (in which the dead are condemned to perpetually chase after a whirling standard) and First Circle of Hell (Limbo), which Dante and Virgil traverse after they have passed through the Gates of Hell. It is even possible that the transition between the two subjects represents the river Acheron, which separates the Vestibule from the First Circle: on paper the figurations are reminiscent of those Beethoven uses in the Scene by the Brook in his Pastoral Symphony, though the aural effect is quite different.
The following development section explores both subjects at length, but motifs from the introduction are also developed. The second subject is heard in B major. The descent motif reasserts itself as Dante and Virgil descend deeper into Hell. The music reaches a great climax ("molto fortissimo"); the tempo reverts to the opening "Lento", and the brass intone the "Lasciate ogni speranza" theme from the slow introduction, accompanied by the drum-roll motif. Once again Liszt inscribes the score with the corresponding words of the "Inferno".
The Second Circle of Hell.
As Dante and Virgil enter the Second Circle of Hell, rising and falling chromatic scales in the strings and flutes conjure up the infernal Black Wind that perpetually buffets the damned. The music grinds to a halt, and quiet drum beats lead to silence. An episode in 5/4 time marked "Quasi Andante, ma sempre un poco mosso" ensues, beginning with harp glissandi and chromatic figurations in strings and woodwind that once again invoke the swirling wind. After a pause, however, the bass clarinet intones an expressive recitative, which takes the instrument to the very bottom of its range:
This theme is then taken up and extended by a pair of clarinets, accompanied by the same harp glissandi and chromatic figures that opened the section. After a restatement a fourth higher by the bass clarinet, the recitative is played by the cor anglais and this time Liszt sets the music to the words of Francesca da Rimini, whose adulterous affair with her brother-in-law Paolo cost her both her life and her soul:
After a brief passage based on a theme derived from the recitative, there ensues an episode marked "Andante amoroso". The tragic love of Francesca and Paolo is depicted at length by a passionate theme in 7/4 time, which is also based on the recitative.
Curiously, the key signature suggests F major, a key Liszt often reserved for divine or beatific music. The theme actually begins in D minor, passing sequentially through F minor and A minor. Two unmuted violins are contrasted with the rest of the violins, which are muted.
The Seventh Circle of Hell.
As before, the transition to the next circle of Hell is prefaced by a return of the "Lasciate ogni speranza" theme. A short cadenza for harp, continuing the Black Wind motif, leads to a passage which Liszt marks with the following note: "This entire passage is intended to be a blasphemous mocking laughter..." In the "Inferno" Dante meets the blasphemous Capaneus in the Seventh Circle of Hell (Canto 14). The dominant motifs – triplets, trills and falling seconds – have all been heard before.
The time signature reverts to "Alla breve", the key signature is cancelled, and the tempo quickens to "Tempo primo" in preparation for the ensuing recapitulation.
Recapitulation.
The first subject is recapitulated in augmentation, but where before it represented the sufferings of the damned, now it is a cruel parody of that suffering in the mouths of their attendant devils. The tempo quickens and the music reaches a climax; the second subject is recapitulated with little alteration from the exposition. Presumably the recapitulation represents the Eighth and Ninth Circles of Hell.
Coda.
Another climax leads into the coda. The final pages of the movement are dominated by the descent motif and the second subject. After a climax, the music comes to a momentary pause. The descent motif quickly builds up to an even greater climax ("molto fortissimo"). In the final ten measures, however, the "Lasciate ogni speranza" theme returns for the last time: Dante and Virgil emerge from Hell on the other side of the world. The movement ends in D, though there is no conventional authentic cadence. The tonal ambiguity which has coloured the movement from the beginning is maintained to the very last measure.
Purgatorio.
The second movement, entitled "Purgatorio", depicts Dante and Virgil's ascent of Mount Purgatory. It is Ternary in structure. The first section is solemn and tranquil and in two parts; in the second section, which is more agitated and lamentable, a fugue is built up to a grand climax; in the final section there is a return to the mood of the opening, the principal themes of which are recapitulated. This tripartite structure reflects the architecture of Dante's Mount Purgatory, which can also be divided into three parts: the two terraces of Ante-Purgatory, where the excommunicate and the late repentant expiate their sins; the seven cornices of Mount Purgatory proper, where the Seven Deadly Sins are expiated; and the Earthly Paradise at the summit, from which the soul, now purged of sin, ascends to Paradise.
Ante-Purgatory.
The movement opens in D major in a slow tempo ("Andante con moto quasi Allegretto. Tranquillo assai"). A solo horn introduces the opening theme to the accompaniment of rocking chords on muted strings and arpeggiated triplets played by the harp. This theme is taken up by the woodwind and horns, and after twenty-one measures dies away against a shimmering haze of rising and falling arpeggios on the harp:
This whole section is then repeated in E (though the key signature is altered from D major to B). This tranquil episode represents perhaps the excommunicate, who inhabit the first terrace of Ante-Purgatory.
The tempo then changes to "Più lento" and the key signature reverts to D major. The cellos introduce a new theme, which is quickly passed to the first violins:
As it too dies away like the opening theme, it gradually metamorphoses into a chorale-like theme in F minor, which is solemnly intoned by horns and woodwind in a slower tempo ("un poco meno mosso"):
This is developed at length, being joined in counterpoint with a variant of the second theme. The music finally dies away and silence ensues, bringing this opening section to a close in B minor. The second terrace of Ante-Purgatory is inhabited by the late repentant. In Canto 7 there is a celebrated description of evening in a beautiful valley where the penitents sing the Salve Regina; this passage may have inspired Liszt's chorale-like theme.
The Seven Cornices of Mount Purgatory.
The second section of the movement is marked "Lamentoso" and its agonizing figurations are in marked contrast to the beatific music of the opening section. The muted violas introduce the principal theme, which comprises a series of agitated fragments in B minor. The music graphically reflects the pleading and suffering of the penitents before it breaks up into flowing triplets:
This theme is taken up by the other strings and a five-part fugue ensues. The woodwind add their pleas ("dolente"), and the music becomes louder and more agitated ("gemendo"). The horns join the fugue as it reaches its climax, at which point the music disintegrates into fragments and grows softer; but it soon finds its voice again and is worked up into a huge climax in F minor for full orchestra ("grandioso") that is strikingly reminiscent of the opening movement of Berlioz's Requiem:
This liberating climax takes us through a series of sequences from F minor through G minor and G minor to E major. A brief transition ensues in which staccato triplets in the cellos and double basses are answered by static chords in the stopped horns and woodwind.
The key signature reverts to D major. The triplets, now played "legato" on the violins, are accompanied by passionate figures in the woodwind ("gemendo", "dolente ed appassionato") and muted chords in the horns. The music fades away and the cellos bring things to a standstill.
The Earthly Paradise.
After a long pause the chorale from the opening section is recapitulated in augmentation, accompanied by string pizzicati. The "Più lento" theme from the opening section is heard once again, and both themes are briefly alternated. Two harps take up the triplets and the concluding strain of the movement's opening theme returns. The music modulates from B major to B major, and passes without a break to the final chorus.
Magnificat.
The symphony concludes with a short setting for female or boys' choir of the first two lines of the "Magnificat", culminating in a series of "Hosannas" and "Hallelujahs": 
Curiously, the "Magnificat" is not mentioned anywhere in the "Commedia"; nor is there any "Hallelujah"; the "Hosanna", however, is heard both in the Earthly Paradise of the "Purgatorio" and in the "Paradiso".
In the score, Liszt directs that the choir be hidden from the audience:
"The female or boys' choir is not to be placed in front of the orchestra, but is to remain invisible together with the harmonium, or in the case of an amphitheatrical arrangement of the orchestra, is to be placed right at the top. If there is a gallery above the orchestra, it would be suitable to have the choir and harmonium positioned there. In any case, the harmonium must remain near the choir."
The time signature changes to a combination of 6/4 and 2/3. The choir intones the words against a shimmering backdrop of divided strings, rocking figurations in the woodwind and arpeggios played by two harps.
The tempo quickens and the music becomes gradually louder as the time signature changes to 9/4 or 3/3. The choir sings triumphantly of "God my saviour".
The tempo drops to "Un poco più lento", a solo trumpet call dies away to silence, after which a solo voice sings the opening line of the "Magnificat" in B major.
The whole orchestra resounds with the same phrase. After another brief silence, the choir sings a chorale to the second line of the "Magnificat", accompanied by a solo cello, bassoons and clarinets.
In the triumphant coda the divided chorus sings "Hosanna" and "Hallelujah" in a series of carefully crafted modulations, which reflect Dante's ascent sphere-by-sphere towards the Empyrean; this is in marked contrast to the first movement, where key shifts were sudden and disjointed. As the "Hosannas" descend step by step from G down to C, the "Hallelujahs" rise from G up to F. The whole chorus then joins together in a final, triumphant "Hallelujah" on the dominant F. In this passage, the bass steps down the whole-tone scale from G to A. Liszt was proud of this innovatory use of the whole-tone scale, and mentions it in a letter to Julius Schäffer, the music director of the Schwerin orchestra.
The orchestra concludes with a quiet plagal cadence in B major; the timpani add a gentle authentic cadence of their own. The work ends "molto pianissimo".
The second ending, which follows rather than replaces the first ending, is marked "Più mosso, quasi Allegro". The "ppp" of the first ending gives way to "ff". Majestic trumpets and trombones – accompanied by rising scales in the strings and woodwind, and by chords in the horns, harps, harmonium and strings – set the scene for a reappearance of the women's chorus. Three repetitions of a single word, "Hallelujah", bring the work to a towering conclusion with a plagal cadence in B major.
Critical reception.
George Bernard Shaw, reviewing the work in 1885, criticized it heavily, complaining that the manner in which the program was presented by Liszt could just as well represent "a London house when the kitchen chimney is on fire". He then notes that the symphony is "extremely loud", mentioning the fortissimo trombones, that later repeat at "fff". On the other hand, James Huneker called the work "the summit of his creative power and the ripest fruit of that style of programme music".

</doc>
<doc id="2929696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929696" title="Boulder clay">
Boulder clay

Boulder clay, in geology, is a deposit of clay, often full of boulders, which is formed in and beneath glaciers and ice-sheets wherever they are found, and was the typical deposit of the Glacial Period in northern Europe and North America.
Etymology.
Boulder clay is variously known as till or ground moraine (German "Blocklehme, Geschiebemergel" or "Grundmoraene"; French "argile à blocaux, moraine profonde"; Swedish "Krosstenslera"; Dutch "Keileem").
Description.
Boulder clay is distinguished from other clay in that it contains more boulders. The clay is scraped from the top layer of older rock by the movement of an ice sheet. An ice sheet pushes rocks, boulders and everything else in its path, which in turn wears the rock into silt-like grain, and that is what clay consists of. Clay formed out of Old Red Sandstone areas is red, over Carboniferous rocks it is often black, over Silurian rock it may be buff or grey, and where the ice has passed over chalk, the clay may be quite white and chalky (chalky boulder clay). Much boulder clay is of a bluish-grey until exposed to weather which causes a transformation to a brown colour.
Boulder clay is classed with a group of poorly sorted materials, described by the non-genetic term diamicton. It is usually a stiff, tough clay devoid of stratification though some varieties are distinctly laminated. Occasionally, within the boulder clay, there are irregular lenticular masses of more or less stratified sand, gravel or loam. 
The boulders are held within the clay in an irregular manner, and they vary in size from mere pebbles up to masses many tons in weight. Usually they are somewhat oblong, and often they possess a flat side or sole; they may be angular, sub-angular, or well-rounded, and, if they are hard rocks, they frequently bear grooves and scratches caused by contact with other rocks while held firmly in the moving ice. Like the clay in which they are borne, the boulders belong to districts over which the ice has travelled; in some regions they are mainly limestones or sandstones; in others they are granite, basalts, gneisses, etc.; indeed, they may consist of any hard rock. By the nature of the contained boulders it is often possible to trace the path along which a vanished ice-sheet moved; thus in the glacial drift of the east coast of England many Scandinavian rocks can be recognized. 
With the exception of foraminifera, which have been found in the boulder clay of widely separated regions, fossils are practically unknown; but in some maritime districts marine shells have been incorporated with the clay.
A classic example of boulder clay can be seen at the rapidly eroding cliffs of Hornsea, situated along the Holderness coast in East Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2929699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929699" title="Meteor hammer">
Meteor hammer

The meteor hammer (), often referred to simply as , is an ancient Chinese weapon, consisting at its most basic level of two weights connected by a rope or chain. One of the flexible or 'soft' weapons, it is referred to by many different names worldwide, dependent upon region, construction and intended use. Other names in use include "dai chui", flying hammer, or dragon's fist. It belongs to the broader classes of flail and chain weapons.
Design.
The meteor hammer could be easily concealed as a defensive or surprise weapon, being of a flexible construction. The primary advantage for using a meteor hammer was (in a similar way to the nunchaku) its sheer speed. 
Using a meteor hammer involves swinging it around the body to build up considerable speed, before releasing the meteor to strike at any angle. Since the meteor has two heads, one could be used offensively, while the other could be used to defend, parrying attacks or ensnaring an opponent's weapon to disarm them. When used by a skilled fighter, its speed, accuracy and unpredictability make it a difficult weapon to defend against. While being swung, a meteor may be wrapped around its user's arms, legs, torso, neck or waist, before being unwrapped by a powerful jerk of the body to deliver a devastating and lightning fast blow. A master is fully capable of striking, ensnaring or strangling from a distance.
Construction.
There are two types of meteor hammers: a double-headed version (the typical image of a meteor hammer is generally of this type) and a single-headed version.
Double-headed.
The double-headed meteor hammer is typically 2–3 meters in length (traditionally 2 meters) with a spherical head on each end. While the ends of the meteor hammer can be heavier than a rope dart head, the difference in weight is not normally great. Some meteor hammer versions have heads which are much lighter than most rope dart heads. The lighter versions of this weapon are typically used for practice and for modern wu shu displays since they are faster and less dangerous.
Single-headed.
The single-headed version of this weapon is used in a similar manner to the rope dart in that it is a long reach weapon with a single head. The main difference between the headed meteor hammer and a rope spear is that traditionally the meteor hammer has an end shaped similar to an egg or melon. The single end can traditionally weigh up to 3 kg and is attached to a rope that can be 5 meters in length (in contrast a rope dart is typically 3.6 meters long). Because of these traits, a single headed meteor hammer can be a very effective weapon, despite being very difficult to control. In modern times, this version is rarely studied or taught since a weapon of this nature isn't needed and is very complex to learn. The double headed version is flashier and better known.
Some meteor techniques.
All chain-based weapons tend to be handled in a similar fashion; however, the meteor hammer is unique in a few respects. Firstly, it has no handle and secondly it is weighted at both ends. These allow for more effective control over its movement. Even at the most basic levels, a meteor hammer is often seen as unpredictable and intimidating. The difficulty people have in following it makes it very effective in combat.
Further moves include blocks, short strikes, figure eight motions, locks and holds. It is also possible to use many of the same techniques common to the nunchaku, by bouncing the chain off the body or even other objects for even more unpredictability.
Fire meteor and other variations.
Beginners tend to start by using simple monkey fist meteors. These are simply a length of rope, terminating in a large monkey fist knot (sometimes containing a weight) at either end. Only once skilled does a practitioner stand a chance at wielding a fire meteor.
In Shaolin schools, the water meteor made a useful training aid once a student had gained a certain level of skill. These water meteors consisted of a length of chain with two inward facing bowls for heads. These bowls were then filled with water (or occasionally, sand), in order to train a smooth technique and gain control over the weapon. When the meteor was spinning fast enough, the water would be held in the bowls, with the intention being not to spill any. In China where this technique was originally developed, once a student had practiced for several years and gained mastery of the meteor, then they could progress to fire meteors. Cirque du Soleil's "Varekai" features water meteors as an act.
The traditional fire meteors were essentially the same as the water meteors, except that instead of containing water, the bowls were instead filled with fuel. This fuel was then lit, and the meteor spun exactly as before, looking like a pair of real harnessed meteors. It is also a dangerous weapon to behold, because one slight mistake could send flaming fuel around in a radius in excess of 20 feet.
Modern fire meteors are commonly made similar to the monkey fist meteors, which is made of kevlar, cotton or other natural fibre rope, then connected by chains or rope; also made of kevlar, cotton or natural fibre. The natural fibre or kevlar rope is necessary as synthetic ropes will melt rapidly, and the natural fibre ropes will also need to be replaced often as well. The kevlar rope works much better as it is designed to take stress and resist high temperatures. The wicks can then be soaked in kerosene, alcohol or some other fuel to produce different effects, brightness, ease of ignition or burn times.
Another option that some people take when they use the meteor to perform is to put long tails or flags on the weights, thereby leaving an extension on the meteor that replaces the flame. This works well for those who are progressing to fire as the tails will simulate the noise that is produced by the flames when spinning.
Another style of new age meteor is called a "puppy hammer". The "puppy hammer" is a very long meteor that adds a knot followed by extra arm length on each side. This design allows for more flexibility in being able to perform meteor, poi, and rope dart maneuvers without changing tools.

</doc>
<doc id="2929701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929701" title="Square root of a matrix">
Square root of a matrix

In mathematics, the square root of a matrix extends the notion of square root from numbers to matrices. Matrix "B" is said to be a square root of "A" if the matrix product "BB" is equal to "A".
Properties.
In general, a matrix can have many square roots. For example, the matrix
formula_1
has square roots
formula_2
and
formula_3,
as well as their additive inverses. Another example is the 2×2 identity matrix formula_4 which has an infinity of symmetric rational square roots given by formula_5 formula_6 formula_7 formula_8 formula_9 and formula_10 where ("r, s, t") is any Pythagorean triple—that is, any set of positive integers such that formula_11
However, a positive-semidefinite matrix has precisely one positive-semidefinite square root, which can be called its principal square root.
While the square root of a nonnegative integer is either again an integer or an irrational number, in contrast an integer matrix can have a square root whose entries are rational, yet not integral. For example, the matrix
formula_12
has the non-integer square root
formula_13,
as well as the integer matrix:
formula_14.
The 2×2 identity matrix is another example.
A 2×2 matrix with two distinct nonzero eigenvalues has four square roots. More generally, an "n"×"n" matrix with "n" distinct nonzero eigenvalues has formula_15 square roots. This is because such a matrix "A" has a decomposition formula_16 where "P" is the matrix whose columns are eigenvectors of "A" and "D" is the diagonal matrix whose diagonal elements are the corresponding eigenvalues formula_17. Thus the square roots of "A" are given by formula_18 where formula_19 is any square root matrix of "D", which must be diagonal with diagonal elements equal to square roots of the diagonal elements of "D"; since there are two possible choices for a square root of each diagonal element of "D", there are formula_15 choices of the matrix formula_19. This also leads to a proof of the above observation that a positive-definite matrix has precisely one positive-definite square root: a positive definite matrix has only positive eigenvalues, and each of these eigenvalues has only one positive square root; and since the eigenvalues of the square root matrix are the diagonal elements of formula_19, for the square root matrix to be itself positive definite necessitates the use of only the unique positive square roots of the original eigenvalues.
Just as with the real numbers, a real matrix may fail to have a real square root, but have a square root with complex-valued entries.
Some matrices have no square root. An example is the matrix formula_23.
In general a complex matrix with positive real eigenvalues has a unique square root with positive eigenvalues called the principal square root. Moreover, the operation of taking the principal square root is continuous on this set of matrices. If the matrix has real entries, then the square root also has real entries. These properties are consequences of the holomorphic functional calculus applied to matrices. Equivalently, if A is a matrix and P is a polynomial such that P and the square root function agree to at the eigenvalues up to derivatives of order up to the size of the largest jordan block of A then P(A) is a square root of A. The existence and uniqueness of the principal square root can be deduced directly from the Jordan normal form (see below).
Computation methods.
Explicit formulas.
For a 2 × 2 matrix, there are explicit formulas that give up to four square roots, if the matrix has any roots.
If "D" is a diagonal "n" × "n" matrix, one can obtain a square root by taking a diagonal matrix "R", where each element along the diagonal is a square root of the corresponding element of "D". If the diagonal elements of "D" are real and non-negative, and the square roots are taken with non-negative sign, the matrix "R" will be the principal root of "D".
By diagonalization.
An "n" × "n" matrix "A" is diagonalizable if there is a matrix "V" and a diagonal matrix "D" such that formula_24. This happens if and only if "A" has "n" eigenvectors which constitute a basis for C"n". In this case, "V" can be chosen to be the matrix with the "n" eigenvectors as columns, and a square root of formula_25 is
where "S" is any square root of "D". Indeed,
For example, the matrix
formula_28
can be diagonalized as formula_29,
where formula_30 and
formula_31.
formula_32 has principal square root formula_33, giving the square root formula_34.
When "A" is symmetric, the diagonalizing matrix "V" can be made an orthogonal matrix by suitably choosing the eigenvectors (see spectral theorem). Then the inverse of "V" is simply the transpose, so formula_35.
By Jordan decomposition.
For non-diagonalizable matrices one can calculate the Jordan normal form followed by a series expansion, similar to the approach described in logarithm of a matrix. 
To see that any complex matrix with positive eigenvalues has a square root of the same form, it suffices to check this for a Jordan block. Any such block has the form λ("I" + "N") with λ > 0 and "N" nilpotent. If is the binomial expansion for the square root (valid in |"z"| < 1), then as a formal power series its square equals 1 + "z". Substituting "N" for "z", only finitely many terms will be non-zero and 
It suffices to check uniqueness for a Jordan block with λ = 1. The square constructed above has the form "S" = "I" + "L" where "L" is polynomial in "N" without constant term. Any other square root "T" with positive eigenvalues has the form "T" = "I" + "M" with "M" nilpotent, commuting with "N" and hence "L". But then . Since "L" and "M" commute, the matrix is nilpotent and is invertible with inverse given by a Neumann series. Hence "L" = "M".
If "A" is a matrix with positive eigenvalues and minimal polynomial "p"("t"), then the Jordan decomposition into generalized eigenspaces of "A" can be deduced from the partial fraction expansion of "p"("t")−1. The corresponding projections onto the generalized eigenspaces are given by real polynomials in "A". On each eigenspace "A" has the form λ("I" + "N") as above. The power series expression for the square root on the eigenspace show that the principal square root of "A" has the form "q"("A") where "q"("t") is a polynomial with real coefficients.
By Denman–Beavers iteration.
Another way to find the square root of an "n" × "n" matrix "A" is the Denman–Beavers square root iteration. Let "Y"0 = "A" and "Z"0 = "I", where "I" is the "n" × "n" identity matrix. The iteration is defined by
As this uses a pair of sequences of matrix inverses whose later elements change comparatively little, only the first elements have a high computational cost since the remainder can be computed from earlier elements with only a few passes of a variant of Newton's method for computing inverses:
With this, for later values of k one would set formula_38 and formula_39 and then use formula_40 for some small n (perhaps just 1), and similarly for formula_41
Convergence is not guaranteed, even for matrices that do have square roots, but if the process converges, the matrix formula_42 converges quadratically to a square root "A"1/2, while formula_43 converges to its inverse, "A"−1/2. (; ).
By the Babylonian method.
Yet another iterative method is obtained by taking the well-known formula of the Babylonian method for computing the square root of a real number, and applying it to matrices. Let "X"0 = "I", where "I" is the identity matrix. The iteration is defined by
Again, convergence is not guaranteed, but if the process converges, the matrix formula_45 converges quadratically to a square root "A"1/2. Compared to Denman–Beavers iteration, an advantage of the Babylonian method is that only one matrix inverse need be computed per iteration step. On the other hand, as Denman–Beavers iteration uses a pair of sequences of matrix inverses whose later elements change comparatively little, only the first elements have a high computational cost since the remainder can be computed from earlier elements with only a few passes of a variant of Newton's method for computing inverses (see Denman–Beavers iteration above); of course, the same approach can be used to get the single sequence of inverses needed for the Babylonian method. However, unlike Denman–Beavers iteration, the Babylonian method is numerically unstable and more likely to fail to converge.
Square roots of positive operators.
In linear algebra and operator theory, given a bounded positive semidefinite operator (a non-negative operator) "T" on a complex Hilbert space, "B" is a square root of "T" if "T" = "B* B", where "B*" denotes the Hermitian adjoint of "B". According to the spectral theorem, the continuous functional calculus can be applied to obtain an operator "T"½ such that
"T"½ is itself positive and ("T"½)2 = "T". The operator "T"½ is the unique non-negative square root of "T". 
A bounded non-negative operator on a complex Hilbert space is self adjoint by definition. So "T" = ("T"½)* "T"½. Conversely, it is trivially true that every operator of the form "B* B" is non-negative. Therefore, an operator "T" is non-negative if and only if "T" = "B* B" for some "B" (equivalently, "T" = "CC*" for some "C").
The Cholesky factorization provides another particular example of square root, which should not be confused with the unique non-negative square root.
Unitary freedom of square roots.
If "T" is a non-negative operator on a finite-dimensional Hilbert space, then all square roots of "T" are related by unitary transformations. More precisely, if "T" = "A*A" = "B*B", then there exists a unitary "U" s.t. "A" = "UB".
Indeed, take "B" = "T"½ to be the unique non-negative square root of "T". If "T" is strictly positive, then "B" is invertible, and so is unitary:
If "T" is non-negative without being strictly positive, then the inverse of "B" cannot be defined, but the Moore–Penrose pseudoinverse "B"+ can be. In that case, the operator is a partial isometry, that is, a unitary operator from the range of "T" to itself. This can then be extended to a unitary operator "U" on the whole space by setting it equal to the identity on the kernel of "T". More generally, this is true on an infinite-dimensional Hilbert space if, in addition, "T" has closed range. In general, if "A", "B" are closed and densely defined operators on a Hilbert space "H", and "A* A" = "B* B", then "A = UB" where "U" is a partial isometry.
Some applications.
Square roots, and the unitary freedom of square roots have applications throughout functional analysis and linear algebra.
Polar decomposition.
If "A" is an invertible operator on a finite-dimensional Hilbert space, then there is a unique unitary operator "U" and positive operator "P" such that
this is the polar decomposition of "A". The positive operator "P" is the unique positive square root of the positive operator "A"∗"A", and "U" is defined by .
If "A" is not invertible, then it still has a polar composition in which "P" is defined in the same way (and is unique). The unitary operator "U" is not unique. Rather it is possible to determine a "natural" unitary operator as follows: "AP"+ is a unitary operator from the range of "A" to itself, which can be extended by the identity on the kernel of "A"∗. The resulting unitary operator "U" then yields the polar decomposition of "A".
Kraus operators.
By Choi's result, a linear map
is completely positive if and only if it is of the form
where "k" ≤ "nm". Let {"Ep q"} ⊂ C"n" × "n" be the "n"2 elementary matrix units. The positive matrix
is called the "Choi matrix" of Φ. The Kraus operators correspond to the, not necessarily square, square roots of "M"Φ: For any square root "B" of "M"Φ, one can obtain a family of Kraus operators "Vi" by undoing the Vec operation to each column "bi" of "B". Thus all sets of Kraus operators are related by partial isometries.
Mixed ensembles.
In quantum physics, a density matrix for an "n"-level quantum system is an "n" × "n" complex matrix "ρ" that is positive semidefinite with trace 1. If "ρ" can be expressed as
where ∑ "pi" = 1, the set
is said to be an ensemble that describes the mixed state "ρ". Notice {"vi"} is not required to be orthogonal. Different ensembles describing the state "ρ" are related by unitary operators, via the square roots of "ρ". For instance, suppose
The trace 1 condition means
Let
and "vi" be the normalized "ai". We see that
gives the mixed state "ρ".
Unscented Kalman Filter.
In the Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF), the square root of the state error covariance matrix is required for the unscented transform which is the statistical linearization method used. A comparison between different matrix square root calculation methods within a UKF application of GPS/INS sensor fusion was presented, which indicated that the Cholesky decomposition method was best suited for UKF applications.

</doc>
<doc id="2929702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929702" title="USS Atlantis (SP-40)">
USS Atlantis (SP-40)

USS "Atlantis" (SP-40) was a wooden hulled motorboat built in 1911 at Greenport, Long Island, New York, by the Greenport Basin and Construction Company. The vessel was acquired by the Navy from Leonard H. Dyer of New York City, on 2 July 1917. Slated for service as a section patrol boat, the boat was designated SP-40 and was commissioned on 27 September 1917, Chief Boatswain Edward Cunningham, USNRF, in command.
Service history.
"Atlantis" patrolled the waters of the 3rd Naval District, based chiefly at the Black Rock Yacht Club, Bridgeport, Connecticut, the headquarters of the 2nd Section, 3rd District, into the spring of 1918. Departing that district on 31 May 1918, she traveled up the Hudson River to Troy, where she entered the Erie Canal on 2 June. Ports of call on her voyage to the Great Lakes included Utica, Baldwinsville, Rochester, and Buffalo, New York. After entering Lake Erie she visited: Erie, Pennsylvania; Cleveland, Ohio; and Detroit and Port Huron, Michigan, before she finally reached Sault Ste. Marie on 8 July.
"Atlantis" conducted patrols in the waters of the Detroit section of the 9th Naval District into the summer and fall, spending much of her time patrolling the "detour passage" off Pipe Island, warning steamers to stay clear of dangerous waters in the vicinity. She commenced her voyage to return to the 3rd Naval District on 12 November 1918, the day after the armistice was signed ending the fighting of World War I. She arrived at New York City on 28 November.
For the remainder of her naval career, "Atlantis" operated locally in the waters of the 3rd Naval District, chiefly at New York City. "Atlantis" was decommissioned on 7 May 1919, and her name was struck from the Navy List on 7 July. She was sold to Shirley G. Ellis of Larchmont, New York, on 30 October 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="2929705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929705" title="Screwed (2000 film)">
Screwed (2000 film)

Screwed is a 2000 American comedy film, written and directed by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski. It stars Norm Macdonald, Dave Chappelle, Danny DeVito, Elaine Stritch, Daniel Benzali, Sarah Silverman, and Sherman Hemsley. The film released by Universal Studios, is rated PG-13 (in the United States) for crude and sex-related humor, nudity, language, some violence and brief drug content.
It went through a number of title changes before the producers finally settled on "Screwed"; preliminary titles included "Pittsburgh" (the name of the Pennsylvania city in which the film takes place) and also "Ballbusted" (due to Stritch's character's harshness exhibited throughout the movie; at one point, Chappelle's character refers to her as a "ballbuster").
Plot summary.
Willard (Norm Macdonald) is an overworked, underpaid chauffeur who works for a mean-spirited pie heiress named Mrs. Crock (Elaine Stritch), just as his father did before him. All Willard wants for Christmas is a new uniform, as the one he currently wears is the one his father was buried in, but Crock gives him a cheap pair of cuff links and a pie instead, while lavishing expensive gifts on her business partner Chip Oswald (Sherman Hemsley) and her prized dog Muffin. Finally fed up with being mistreated, Willard and his best friend, local chicken restaurant owner Rusty (Dave Chappelle), concoct a scheme to kidnap the dog and hold it for a $1,000,000 ransom. Muffin attacks him, leaving a great deal of destruction and Willard's blood at the scene, and the plan fails when the dog later escapes.
However, Crock and the Pittsburgh police misinterpret the hastily scrawled ransom note and believe that Willard himself has been kidnapped. Crock refuses to pay up initially until met with public protests led by Willard's on-again off-again girlfriend Hillary (Sarah Silverman). Willard and Rusty come up with a new scheme, in which Willard films a fake ransom video and releases it to the media, putting pressure on Crock to come up with the money to preserve her public image as a kindly old grandmother. The plan calls for Willard to mug his boss as she goes to drop off the ransom money, and to have a dead body left behind dressed as Willard to throw off the police. They enlist the services of a creepy morgue employee named Grover Cleaver (Danny DeVito) to find an appropriate corpse and schedule a meeting at night in the park.
This plan also goes wrong, however, when Willard succeeds in getting the money, only to lose it to two small children who attack him with a taser and a shiv and steal the suitcase. Willard is found by the police and sent to a hospital, as the children have soundly brutalized him. The police then find the dead body that was supposed to take the place of Willard as he made his getaway, and Willard claims that it was his captor. The police are suspicious, as Grover used the body of an old homeless dwarf, but Willard claims he was "more ferocious when he was alive". Willard dejectedly returns to work for Mrs. Crock (who claims that he now owes her the ransom as well) until the mother of one of his attackers shows up and returns the briefcase. Overjoyed, Willard and Rusty plan to go on a long vacation only to find that the briefcase was filled with newspaper and cabbage.
After interrogating Willard and Rusty (during which Rusty reveals his habit of striking people with desk lamps when nervous), the police go after Grover, who goes on a rampage, kidnapping Mrs. Crock while waiting for the share of money Willard promised him. Willard goes to Grover and confronts his employer, finding out that the money was actually in the briefcase but was stolen by Chip Oswald, who planned to double-cross them all and make off with his boyfriend. He also discovers to everyone's disgust that his father was also Mrs. Crock's lover as well as manservant. After the police converge on Grover's place, Crock convinces them that the trio are actually her rescuers.
In the end, Willard leads the police to Chip's apartment, where the ransom money is discovered. When Chip pulls a gun, Rusty panics and knocks him unconscious by hitting him in the head with a lava lamp. Mrs. Crock expresses her gratitude by paying for Willard to attend college at the University of Southern California and buying him a new Armani suit, and paying for Rusty to open a new Chicken Hole on the beach. Willard finally reconciles with Hillary, while Crock herself ends up in a romantic relationship with Grover.
Presidential references.
The movie features character names meant to be spoofs of the names of former U.S. presidents. These include the butler Willard Fillmore (Millard Fillmore), his sidekick Rusty P. Hayes (Rutherford B. Hayes), and their coroner accomplice Grover Cleaver (Grover Cleveland). Other not-so-subtle references to presidential history are a character named Hillary and others with the last names Oswald and Dewey. The name of the wealthy piemaker who serves as Willard's boss, Mrs. Crock, is also a spoof of the famous General Mills company Betty Crocker

</doc>
<doc id="2929721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929721" title="Berrimah Prison">
Berrimah Prison

The Berrimah Prison, an Australian maximum security prison for males, is located in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The centre is managed by Northern Territory Correctional Services, an agency of the Department of Justice of the Government of the Northern Territory. The centre detains sentenced and charged felons under Northern Territory and/or Commonwealth law.
Following significant overcrowding, the centre is scheduled to be decommissioned in 2014 following the construction and commissioning of new prison, currently under construction.
Facilities.
The centre opened on 1 September 1979 and replaced the Fannie Bay Gaol. Initially built to hold 110 prisoners, Berrimah Prison now houses approximately 750 inmates. The prison is scheduled for decommissioning in 2014 when a new prison will replace it.
Visiting.
In October 2010 it was reported that the prison changed visiting hours from seven days per week to weekends only, with the move likely being a cost-cutting measure, and at odds with the 2004 government-commissioned review recommending increased visits for prisoners.
Conditions.
In 2012, "ABC News" reported Berrimah Prison was crowded to the point of overflowing. Conditions at the prison in 2011 were reported to be 'Dickensian', with spoiled food, rats and mosquitoes, with the worst conditions endured by prisoners on remand. "The Australian" quoted Northern Territory Supreme Court Justice Dean Mildren as saying the conditions do not comply with Australia's international obligations; "The Australian" also cited the strongest criticisms of the prison's conditions as coming from the Territory's executive director of Correctional Services, Ken Middlebrook, while Correctional Services Minister Gerry McCarthy challenged the report that prisoners were served rotten food. Western Australia's former head of custodial services, Richard Harding, described Berrimah's conditions as "appalling". 
In 2009, the "NT News" reported there was a gang riot at the prison caused by heightened tension from overcrowding and staff shortages, with several jail blocks locked down. It was also reported that the Government stated that Berrimah was no longer suitable as a modern prison.
In 2008 it was reported that a chronic lack of social services in the Northern Territories was the reason for mentally-disabled persons being held for months in isolation at Berrimah Prison; the report also quoted the NT Government as indicating it is planning to build a forensic mental health unit as part of its planned new prison, but that it would not be designed as a substitute for social health services facilities.
Decommissioning plans.
In 2010 the Northern Territory Government announced plans for a new correctional precinct to be built at Holtze to replace the Berrimah Prison. The project location is north of Howard Springs Road and is planned to include a new men's and women's correctional centre and the Territory's first secure mental health and behavioural management facility. Construction of the precinct commenced in late 2011; and once the facility is operational, expected in the second half of 2014, the old Berrimah prison will be decommissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="2929724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929724" title="Independent Marxist–Leninist candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Independent Marxist–Leninist candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

No fewer than twenty-seven candidates contested the 1999 Ontario provincial election as independent candidates, affiliated with the Communist Party of Canada - Marxist-Leninist. None were elected. Information on these candidates may be found here.
Robert John (Ron) Walker (St. Catharines).
Walker is a perennial candidate for the Canadian House of Commons, and lists his occupation as a factory worker. He first sought election as a candidate of the Marxist-Leninist Party in the 1979 federal election, and finished last in a field of six candidates in Welland with 62 votes. The winner was Gib Parent of the Liberal Party of Canada. Walker campaigned again in the 1980 election, and again finished last against Parent. 
He contested Welland—St. Catharines—Thorold as an independent candidate in the 1988 election, as the Marxist-Leninist Party was not registered. He finished fifth out of six candidates; Parent was again the winner.
Walker also campaigned for the House of Commons as a Marxist-Leninist in the 1997, 2000 and 2004 elections, and each time finished in last place against a candidate of the Liberal Party.
The 1999 Ontario election was Walker's only venture into provincial politics, to date. He received 154 votes (0.33%), finishing in last place against Liberal incumbent Jim Bradley.
Recently, Walker returned to university, where he is working on a Master's Thesis on C. B. Macpherson and the Canadian working class. He is currently inactive in electoral politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2929758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929758" title="Station North Arts and Entertainment District">
Station North Arts and Entertainment District

The Station North Arts and Entertainment District (often referred to as just Station North) is an area and official arts and entertainment district in the U.S. city of Baltimore, Maryland. The neighborhood is marked by a combination of artistically-leaning commercial ventures, such as theaters and museums, as well as formerly abandoned warehouses that have since been converted into loft-style living. It is roughly triangular, bounded on the north by 20th Street, on the east by Greenmount Avenue, and on the south and west by the tracks of Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, though the neighborhood's boundaries include a one-block wide extension over the tracks.
History.
Station North is composed of portions of three Baltimore neighborhoods: Charles North, Greenmount West, and Barclay. In recent decades, the area represented a relatively impoverished area between the healthier neighborhoods of Mount Vernon, Bolton Hill, and Charles Village. However, in addition to its proximity to those neighborhoods, a number of factors made the area amenable to redevelopment and gentrification. Much of even the poorest sections of the neighborhood feature beautiful, three-story, early 20th-century rowhouses as the main housing stock; the Maryland Institute College of Art is within walking distance; and Penn Station lies at the south edge of the neighborhood, providing walking-distance access to Amtrak, Light Rail and MARC commuter rail service (the latter being of particular interest to those commuting to Washington, D.C.). The real estate bubble of the 2000s caused Baltimore's housing prices to skyrocket, and drove home buyers seeking out cheaper areas on the upswing to the neighborhood.
The Baltimore city government's 2002 designation of the area as an arts district has furthered the neighborhood's transformation. The earliest and most visible signs of change were the official conversion of several industrial and warehouse buildings to mixed-use housing. The Copycat Building is probably the best known, but two other buildings—the Oliver Street Building (which houses the Area 405) and the Cork Factory—are also occupied. These buildings had been in use for decades as artist's studios and (illegal) housing, and contributed toward the area winning arts district status under then-mayor Martin O'Malley. Such designation paved the way for these buildings to be rezoned for residential use.
The neighborhood's commercial, residential, and artistic venues began to thrive. The commercial district on Charles Street is anchored by the Charles Theatre, a popular art house multiplex that also serves as the anchor venue for the annual Maryland Film Festival each May, as well as Scapescape (a music and arts festival) each Labor Day weekend,The Station North Arts Cafe Gallery, the Station North Arts Underground, The Metro Gallery, Tapas Teatro, Club Charles, The Yellow Sign Theater, The Strand Theater, Single Carrot Theater, and Sofi's Crepes; one block away is the Charm City Art Space which serves as a Music Venue, and Art Gallery. In recent years, the North Avenue corridor has become a hub of activity with Joe Squared Restaurant, The Wind Up Space (an arts venue and bar), Liam Flynn's Ale House, and The Chicken Box, a Station North Arts District sponsored multiuse arts space opened in mid-2013. The Chicken Box is also home to the Baltimore Annex Theater.
By 2005, the neighborhood was seeing a definite boom, but areas of blight persisted, particularly at the northern and eastern edges. As of 2010, the northern and eastern edges of Station North, particularly near Greenmount Avenue, are still affected by vacant housing, drug dealing, and prostitution. This area stands in stark contrast to the environment only a few blocks west, where in 2007 the Station North Townhomes were completed. The proximity of these luxury $300,000 townhouses to the remaining areas of urban decay illustrates both the potential and the challenges that the neighborhood faces.
Maryland Arts and Entertainment District designation.
In Maryland, the State Department of Business and Economic Development designates certain neighborhoods “arts and entertainment districts”, which confers three specific tax breaks. Artists who live and work in the district are offered property-tax credits on qualifying renovations, can apply for an income-tax credit when they make money on their art, and are given a waiver of the admissions and amusement tax charged by the city. Artists who live or work in Station North may qualify for certain tax breaks by submitting Form 502AE (Subtraction For Income Derived Within An Arts and Entertainment District) with their Maryland Tax Returns. Major tax benefits concerning building usage are also in place, with assessment freezes and building rehab credits to encourage growth.
Criticism of gentrification.
It has been argued that the Arts District designation confers little benefit to artists, and in actuality is more beneficial to property owners, who are typically not local performers, artists or musicians.
Although the city and state have developed preliminary plans to provide affordable housing and work space for local artists and residents, many argue that the area provides few actual benefits to working artists. This has fostered the sentiment that the city has been exploiting the cachet of the artists in Station North, while rarely working with them in any meaningful way.
Furthermore, as the neighborhood undergoes gentrification, there is the concern that, like SoHo in Manhattan before it, local artists and entertainers will be forced out of the neighborhood if a proper balance is not struck between redevelopment and the needs of artists and lower income residents.
Transportation.
Station North's namesake comes from its placement of being north of Penn Station, which houses Amtrak and MARC trains. The Baltimore Light Rail has two stations that are within proximity to the district; Penn Station and North Avenue. MTA Maryland bus lines 3, 8, 11, 13, 27, 36, 61, and 64 also service the area.
Future plans.
A 2006 Action Plan Report, prepared by Randall Gross / Development Economics, the Baltimore Neighborhood Collaborative, and Station North Arts & Entertainment, Inc., focuses on four key strategies: To strengthen positive image and identity, to establish commercial corridors, to provide housing options to attract new residents while preventing displacement of existing residents, and to encourage economic development.
In early 2008, Baltimore’s development arm, the Baltimore Development Corporation (BDC), released a preview of their master plan for the area. In the near term, the master plan includes converting the top three floors of Penn Station into a botique hotel, with long term goals including construction of high-rise residential buildings.
On October 30, 2008, Mayor Sheila Dixon unveiled the Charles North Vision Plan, a multi-phased development initiative. This plan identified four areas to focus revitalization on: Charles Gateway/Penn Station, the corner of Charles Street and North Avenue, the creation of an "Asia Town" at 20th Street and Charles Street, and the "Creative/Design Zone". The plan's ultimate goal is to transform the arts and entertainment district north of Pennsylvania Station into a $1 billion "cultural crossroads" for Baltimore. The plan calls for over $100 million in subsidies to aid in the development of the area.
An agreement with Hospitality Partners of Bethesda to construct the hotel in Penn Station was reached in 2009, with completion of the $9 million project scheduled for late 2010.
In early 2010, construction began on City Arts, a $15 million housing development for artists. Consisting of 69 apartments for rent and eight town houses for sale, City Arts will be the first all-new housing project in the arts district since a $1 billion "vision plan" was unveiled for the area in 2008. The building will consist of four stories of apartments, a multipurpose first-floor space provided for artistic use by the residents, and thirty-five off-street parking spaces. Key to the project’s plans are financing regulations that will ensure the space remains affordable to artists even as the neighborhood changes. The project was featured on CNN as an example of how federal Recovery Act money has restarted development that stalled during the economic downturn.

</doc>
<doc id="2929767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929767" title="Albert M. Wolters">
Albert M. Wolters

Albert M. "Al" Wolters (born 1942 in the Netherlands) is an emeritus professor of religion at Redeemer University College in Ancaster, Ontario (near Hamilton). 
Publications.
His best-known book is "Creation regained: Biblical basics for a reformational worldview", originally published in 1985 with a second edition in 2005. It has been translated into Spanish and other languages.
He has made a particular study of the Copper Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls. He has published multiple papers on the subject as well as a pamphlet "The Copper Scroll: Overview, Text and Translation" as a supplement to the "Journal for the Study of the Old Testament".

</doc>
<doc id="2929771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929771" title="Loevinger's stages of ego development">
Loevinger's stages of ego development

Jane Loevinger's stages of ego development 'conceptualize a theory of ego development that was based on Erikson's psychosocial model', as well as on the works of Harry Stack Sullivan, and in which 'the ego was theorized to mature and evolve through stages across the lifespan as a result of a dynamic interaction between the inner self and the outer environment'. Her theory is significant in contributing to the delineation of ego development, which goes beyond fragmentation of trait psychology and looks at personalities as meaningful wholes.
Development.
Loevinger conceived of an ego development system that would closely resemble moral development but be both broader in scope and utilize empirical methods of study. Loevinger started by creating an objective tests of mother's attitudes to problems in family life, which she called the Family Problems Scale. This first test did not yield the expected results, but Loevinger noted a strong similarity between authoritarian family ideology and the concept of authoritarian personality being developed at UC Berkeley in the early 1960s. Loevinger noticed that the women who scored at the most extreme ends of the authoritarian scale also tended to be the most immature. These women would tend to agree wish such statements as " mother should be her daughter's best friend" while at the same time endorsing punitive behavior. Additionally, Loevinger observed that a liberal, non-authoritarian personality was not the opposite of a high authoritarian personality. Rather, anomie, a disorganized and detached social style was the opposite of the high authoritarian, evidencing a curvilinear relationship.
Loevinger theorized that this was because the Authoritarian Family Ideology' scale was not measuring just authoritarianism but some broader concept which weighed heavily upon all the other constructs she measured. By combining this theoretical framework with Sullivan and Grant's interpersonal maturity continuum, she created the concept of ego development. From this new concept, Loevinger then developed the Washington University Sentence Completion Test, which remains the primary method of determining ego development on Loevinger's scale.
The nine stages.
Introduction.
Loevinger describes the ego as a process rather than a thing The ego is viewed as the frame of reference (or lens) one uses to construct and interpret one's world. This contains impulse control and character development, with interpersonal relations, and with cognitive preoccupations, including self-concept. Sullivan (1958) 'had proposed four levels of "interpersonal maturity and interpersonal integration": Impulsive, Conformist, Conscientious, and Autonomous'. Developing over time from that initial framework, Loevinger completed a developmental model including nine sequential stages, each of which represents a progressively more complex way of perceiving oneself in relation to the world. Every stage provides a frame of reference to organize and give meaning to experience over the individual's life course. 'Since each new ego stage or frame of reference builds on the previous one and integrates it, no one can skip a stage...One has not yet acquired the interpersonal logic'.
As the adult ego develops, Loevinger considered, a sense of self-awareness emerges in which one becomes aware of discrepancies between conventions and one's own behavior. For some, development reaches a plateau and does not continue. Among others, greater ego integration and differentiation continue. Loevinger proposed eight/nine stages of ego in development, the six which occur in adulthood being conformist, conscientious-conformist, conscientious, individualistic, autonomous, and integrated. The majority of adults are at the conscientious-conformist level.
The stages.
Presocial (E1).
In earliest infancy, a baby cannot differentiate itself from the world and focuses only on gratifying immediate needs. Loevinger believes infants in their earliest state cannot have an ego because their thinking is autistic or delusional. Their ego or 'thinking is characterised by primary process and delusional projection', This part of the presocial stage does not last long as it quickly merges into the Symbiotic stage. The ego begins to develop and it is dominated by 'the process of differentiating self from non-self' - from the World. The infant, once s/he 'has a grasp of the stability of the world of objects, the baby retains a symbiotic relation with his/ mother' and begins the association of objects to themselves. For example, a baby will not fall asleep until they have their favourite toy or blankie in the crib with them.
Impulsive (E2).
Here the child 'asserts his growing sense of self' and views the world in ego-centric terms. At this stage 'the child is preoccupied with bodily impulses, particularly (age-appropriate) sexual and aggressive ones. The child is too immersed in the moment and view the world solely in terms of how things affect them. Their impulses affirm their sense of self however are 'curbed by the environment'. When someone meets their needs they are considered 'good', and if they do not meet their needs they are considered bad - often resulting in impulsive retaliation such as s/he will run away or run home'. Discipline is viewed by the child as restraints, and 'rewards and punishments' are seen as being "Nice to Me" or "Mean to Me". This is because the Child's 'needs and feelings are experienced mostly in bodily modes', and 'the child's orientation at this stage is almost exclusively to the present rather than to past or future'.
Self-Protective (E3).
The "Self-Protective" stage represents 'the first step towards self-control of impulses.The Self-Protective person has the notion of blame, but he externalizes it to other people or to circumstances'. At this level, the child 'craves a morally prescribed, rigidly enforced, unchanging order', and if maintained too long 'an older child or adult who remains here may become opportunistic, deceptive, and preoccupied with control..."naive instrumental hedonism" '.
While a degree of conceptual cohesion has been reached, morality is essentially a matter of anticipating rewards and punishments, with the motto: "Don’t Get Caught".
Conformist (E4).
'Most children around school age...progress to the next stage, conformity'. Persons begin to view themselves and other as conforming to socially approved codes or norms. Teaching education as adult development. Theory into Practice, 17(3), p. 231 Loevinger describes this stage of having 'the greatest cognitive simplicity. There is a right way and a wrong way and it is the same for everyone...or broad classes of people. One example of groups conforming together at this age is by gender—boys and girls. Here persons are very much invested in belonging to and obtaining the approval of groups. Behaviour is judged externally, not by intentions, and this concept of 'belonging to the group (family or peers) is most valued'.
'the child starts to identify his welfare with that of the group', though for the stage 'to be consolidated, there must be a strong element of trust'. An ability to take in rules of the group appears, and another's disapproval becomes a sanction, not only fear of punishment. However rules and norms are not yet distinguished.
'While the Conformist likes and trusts other people within his own group, he may define that group narrowly and reject any or all outgroups', and stereotypes roles on the principle of ' "social desirability": people are what they ought to be'. Behaviour is judged externally, not by intentions, and the concept of 'belonging to the group (family or peers) is most valued'.
Self-Aware (E5).
Loevinger considered the Self-Aware (also known as 'Conscientious-Conformist') Transitional Stage to be 'model for adults in our society', and thought that few pass the stage before at least the age of twenty-five.
The stage is largely characterized by two characteristics: 'an increase in self-awareness and the capacity to imagine multiple possibilities in situations'... a stable position in mature life', one marked by the development of 'rudimentary self-awareness and self-criticism': however the closeness of the self to norms and expectations 'reveal the transitional nature of these conceptions, midway between the group stereotypes of the Conformist and the appreciation for individual differences at higher levels'. Loevinger also considered the level to produce 'a deepened interest in interpersonal relations'.
Conscientious (E6).
At progression to 'the conscientious stage...individuals at this level, and even more often at higher levels, refer spontaneously to psychological development'.
By this stage, 'the internalisation of rules is completed', although at the same time 'exceptions and contingencies are recognised'. Goals and ideals are acknowledged, and there is a new sense of responsibility, with guilt triggered by hurting another, rather than by breaking rules. 'The tendency to look at things in a broader social context' was offset by a self seen as apart from the group, but also from the other's point of view; as a result 'descriptions of people are more realistic... more complexities'. Standards are self-chosen, and distinguished from manners, just as people are seen in terms of their motives and not just their actions.
The Conscientious subject 'sees life as presenting choices; he holds the origin of his own destiny...aspires to achievement, "ad astra per aspera" ' but by his or her own standards.
Individualistic (E7).
During this stage, persons demonstrate both a respect for individuality and interpersonal ties. Loevinger explains'To proceed beyond the Conscientious Stage a person must become more tolerant of himself and of others...out of the recognition of individual differences and of complexities of circumstances' developed at the previous level. The individualistic ego shows a broad-minded tolerance of and respect for the autonomy of both self and others. With a new distancing from role identities, 'moralism begins to be replaced by an awareness of inner conflict', while the new stage is also "marked by a heightened sense of individuality and a concern for emotional dependence". Subjective experience is opposed to objective reality, inner reality to outward appearance; and 'vivid and personal versions of ideas presented as cliches at lower levels' may emerge.
A growing concern for psychological causality and development will typically go hand in hand with 'greater complexity in conceptions of interpersonal interaction'.
Autonomous (E8).
Loevinger described this stage as marked by the freeing of the person from oppressive demands of conscience in the preceding stage'. People at this stage are "synthesizers" and are able to conceptually integrate ideas. The autonomous person also 'recognizes the limitations to autonomy, that emotional interdependence is inevitable'. The stage might also see a 'confrontation with the limitations of abilities and roles as part of deepening self-acceptance'.
'Self-fulfillment becomes a frequent goal, partly supplanting achievement', while there may well be a wider 'capacity to acknowledge and to cope with inner conflicts', such as between needs and duties.
'A high toleration for ambiguity... conceptual complexity' - the capacity to embrace Polarity, Complexity, Multiple Facets, and to integrate ideas - is a further feature of the Autonomous Stage, as too is the expression of 'respect for other people's need for autonomy in clear terms'.
Integrated (E9).
According to Loevinger, this is a rarely attained stage. At the Integrated stage,"'learning is understood as unavoidable...the unattainable is renounced". The ego shows wisdom, broad empathy towards oneself and others, and a capacity to not just be aware of inner conflicts like the individualistic ego or tolerate inner conflicts like the autonomous ego, but reconcile and make peace with those issues. This 'Reconciling inner conflicts...cherishing of individuality' are key elements of its Self-Actualizing nature, along with a fully worked-out identity which includes 'reconciliation to one's destiny'.
Possible tenth stage.
As differentiation increases, the model of ego development has found broader acceptance amongst international researchers. Therefore, a new stage E10 has been mentioned in reference to "Ich-Entwicklung", the German equivalent of Loevinger's stages.
Critical response.
Susanne Cook-Greuter has further refined both Loevinger's sentence-completion test instrument as well as definitions and distinctions among the stages of ego development.
Some have maintained that 'in general, Loevinger's model suffers from a lack of clinical grounding', and that arguably 'like Kohlberg's theory...it confuses content and structure'. Based as her research was on the assessment of verbalised material, because 'the measure focuses so heavily on conscious verbal responses, it does not discriminate intelligent, liberal people with severe ego defects from those who actually are quite integrated'.
Nevertheless the wide extent of her research must give a certain weight to her findings. 'Loevinger's (1976) model of development is derived entirely from empirical research using her sentence completion test...The manuals contain hundreds of actual completions, organized by exemplary categories'.
References.
Work Citied from Aging, The Individual, and Society. 8th edition, Susan M. Hillier and Georgia M. Barrow 2007

</doc>
<doc id="2929772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929772" title="Festival Presidente de la Musica Latina">
Festival Presidente de la Musica Latina

The Festival Presidente de Música Latina ("Presidente" Festival of Latin Music) is an event of Latin Music celebrated every two years for three days in October in the Estadio Olímpico Félix Sánchez of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. 
History.
The idea of the Festival came about in 1995, when the "Cervecería Nacional Dominicana" chose to make an event to reward the loyalty of the Dominican people towards "Cerveza Presidente".
In 2007, the Dominican National Brewery needed to cancel the festival due to the new tax for beer sells imputed by the Dominican Government.-
In 2010 The Festival came back in August better than ever.

</doc>
<doc id="2929810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929810" title="Codocyte">
Codocyte

Codocytes, also known as target cells or Mexican hat cells, are red blood cells that have the appearance of a shooting target with a bullseye. In optical microscopy these cells appear to have a dark center (a central, hemoglobinized area) surrounded by a white ring (an area of relative pallor), followed by dark outer (peripheral) second ring containing a band of hemoglobin. However in electron microscopy they appear very thin and bell shaped. Because of their thinness they are referred to as leptocytes and because of the wavy bowl shape they are referred to as Mexican hat cells. On routine smear morphology, some people like to make a distinction between leptocyes and codocytes- suggesting that in leptocytes the central spot is not completely detached from the peripheral ring, i.e. the pallor is in a C shape rather than a full ring.
These cells are characterized by a disproportional increase in the ratio of surface membrane area to volume. This is also described as a "relative membrane excess." It is due to either increased red cell surface area (increased beyond normal), or else a decreased intracellular hemoglobin content (which may cause an abnormal decrease in cell volume without affecting the amount of membrane area). The increase in the surface area to volume ratio also gives the cell decreased osmotic fragility, as it allows it to take up more water for a given amount of osmotic stress.
In vivo (within the blood vessel), the codocyte is a bell-shaped cell. It assumes a "target" configuration only when processed to obtain a blood film. In the film these cells appear thinner than normal, primarily due to their pallor (by which thickness is judged on microscopy).
Causes.
Target cells may appear in association with the following conditions:
In patients with obstructive liver disease, lecithin cholesterol acetyltransferase activity is depressed, which increases the cholesterol-to-phospholipid ratio and produces an absolute increase in the surface area of the red cell membrane. In contrast, membrane excess is only relative in patients with iron-deficiency anemia and thalassemia because of the reduced quantity of intracellular hemoglobin. When a cell membrane collapses it becomes static and stops pulsating. Target cell formation decreases the amount of oxygen that is circulated through the blood unable to attach to oxygen and deliver it to all areas of the body.
Symptoms.
Elevations in target cells are the result of a shift in the exchange equilibrium between the red blood cells and the cholesterol. Also the surface membrane to volume ratio is increased. Target cells are more resistant to osmotic lysis, which is mostly seen in dogs. Hypochromic cells in iron deficiency anemias also can show a target appearance. Target cells are abnormally resistant to saline.

</doc>
<doc id="2929817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929817" title="Gianni Paladini">
Gianni Paladini

Gianni Paladini (born 1945 in Napoli, Italy) is the former chairman of Queens Park Rangers football club after replacing Bill Power in a boardroom coup. He originally took his position at QPR as part of a Monaco-based consortium, Wanlock LLC which acquired 30% of the club and retained his position notwithstanding the investment of Bernie Ecclestone, Flavio Briatore and Lakshmi Mittal in 2007.
Biography.
A promising teenage footballer, he was forced to give up the game at the age of 23, before playing a single game for his home town club Napoli.
Paladini came to England in a boat in the late sixties and settled in Solihull, marrying English wife Olga – the couple have two children, Stephen and Kate. He built up a business which involved property and nightclubs.
English Football.
When the Premiership started importing foreign stars, Paladini became an interpreter in the football industry and eventually an agent for stars mainly linked with Middlesbrough F.C., such as Fabrizio Ravanelli, Benito Carbone and Brazilians Emerson Moisés Costa and Juninho Paulista.
He was first linked with a club takeover with Port Vale in December 2003, before being rejected by chairman Bill Bratt.
QPR.
In 1996, music tycoon Chris Wright took over Queens Park Rangers but, five years later, he was forced to put the club into administration due to crippling debts. A year later the club came out of administration after securing a £10m loan from the ABC Corporation, based in Panama. 
In June 2003, QPR announced that Moorbound Ltd had bought 22% (now diluted to 14%) of the PLC's issued shares, and giving the club a much needed cash injection of around £650,000. The deal saw Azeem Malik join the board. At that time Paladini could not join the board as he was a registered football agent. However the board of QPR were keen to meet someone who wanted to inject money into the club, and particularly since Paladini promised that Moorbound was the vehicle for another party with far more cash, and that he personally would bring stars such as Benito Carbone to Loftus Road.
On 13 August 14,000 fans turned up to see QPR play Sheffield United. Paladini arrived at the ground around 2pm with his son, daughter and grandson Gianluca, who was due to be the club's mascot that day. Paladini was allegedly threatened and attacked at the ground by a gang.
On 21 June 2006 jurors found club shareholders David Morris and John McFarlane not guilty of conspiracy to blackmail, false imprisonment and gun possession. On 28 June Judge Charles Byers told the jury to clear the other men, on the basis that, in the prosecution's case, Mr Morris had been the "essential core" of the blackmail plot and without him the case could not stand. The other defendants who denied all charges – and were all found not guilty – were: Andy Baker, 40, from North Petherton, Somerset; Aaron Lacey, 36, from Watford; David Davenport, 38, from Buckinghamshire; and Michael Reynolds, 45, from north London. Daniel Morris (David's brother) had disappeared before the trial, and a European warrant is still outstanding for his arrest.
After the trial.
Soon after the alleged incident, Paladini, backed by several friends and fellow investors – including Brazilian World Cup winner Dunga and two Monaco-based companies – ousted chairman Bill Power in a boardroom coup.
It was then alleged in the press that Paladini was using QPR to line the pockets of various agent friends with deals that the club could not afford. Typical is the suggestion that the acquisition of Marc Nygaard, on a free transfer from Brescia Calcio, resulted in a £60,000 payment to agent Brian Hassell. It is also claimed that £10,000 was paid to Mel Eves, a Midlands-based agent, for the transfer of Ian Evatt.
In February 2006, QPR's highly rated manager Ian Holloway was placed on gardening leave after a series of rows with Paladini, allegedly over Holloway's interest in the vacant managerial post at Leicester City. 
Holloway returned to managerial duties at the club for the remainder of the 2005–06 season but was later allowed to join Plymouth Argyle in June 2006.
Paladini retained his position as chairman at QPR despite the investment of significant new shareholders in the latter half of 2007 and the re-organisation of the club's directors which, among other changes, included the son-in-law of billionaire Lakshmi Mittal taking a place on the board.
Paladini was removed as chairman on 18 August 2011 after a takeover by Tony Fernandes and became a consultant for the club. He quit his post at Queen's Park Rangers FC on 16 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2929821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929821" title="J. H. Rush">
J. H. Rush

Jesse Hackley (J.H.) Rush (September 6, 1868 – January 22, 1931) was an American physician who founded the first private hospital in Meridian, Mississippi.
Rush was born in De Kalb, Mississippi. One of the sons of William Vaughn Rush (1847–1916) and Julia Rush Key (1848–1907), Rush married Mary Hunnicutt (1874–1954) and this union produced three children: H(ubert) Lowry, Dorothy and Leslie Vaughn. His sons H. Lowry and Leslie would follow in their father's footsteps and join the medical profession; Leslie Rush's contribution to orthopedic medicine is the invention of the "Rush Pin", which revolutionized the treatment of bone fractures and has continued to be used in the 21st century.
In 1915, J. H. Rush founded Rush's Infirmary, an 18-bed facility that became the first private hospital in Meridian, Mississippi. When Rush's Infirmary opened its doors, the staff consisted of Dr. and Mrs. Rush, one registered nurse and six student nurses. Rapid growth soon followed.
Dr. J. H. Rush died at the start of the 1931 at the age of 62. His work continued, however, and in 1947, the hospital became a non-profit institution and was renamed Rush Memorial Hospital in commemoration of its founder. Since 1965, the facility has been known as Rush Foundation Hospital.
In the first decade of the 2000s, Rush is a comprehensive healthcare network providing medical care to people throughout East Central Mississippi and West Central Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="2929822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929822" title="Charles Antoine Guillaume Pigault-Lebrun">
Charles Antoine Guillaume Pigault-Lebrun

Charles-Antoine-Guillaume Pigault-Lebrun [Pigault de l'Espinoy] (8 April 1753 - 24 July 1835) was a French novelist and playwright.
He was born at Calais; he is said to have traced his pedigree on the mother's side to Eustache de St Pierre. His youth was stormy. He twice carried off young ladies of some position, and was in consequence twice imprisoned by "lettre de cachet". The first, a Miss Crawford, the daughter of an English merchant whose office Pigault had entered, died almost immediately after her elopement; the second, Mlle de Salens, he married. He became a soldier in the Queen's Guards, then a very unsuccessful actor, and a teacher of French. At the breaking out of the great war he re-enlisted and fought at Valmy.
He wrote more than twenty plays, and a large number of novels, the first of which appeared in 1787. In his old age he took to graver work, and executed an abridgement of French history in eight volumes, besides some other work. His "Œuvres complètes" were published in twenty volumes between 1822 and 1824, but much of his work is subsequent to this collection.
The style of Pigault's novels is insignificant, and their morality very far from severe. As almost the father of a kind of literature which later developed enormously, Pigault-Lebrun deserves a certain place in literary history. Among the most celebrated of his novels may be mentioned "L'Enfant du Carnaval" (1792) and "Angelique et Jeanneton de la place Maubert" (1799). His "Citateur" (2 vols., 1803), a collection of quotations against Christianity, was forbidden and yet several times reprinted.

</doc>
<doc id="2929826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929826" title="Intercalation (university administration)">
Intercalation (university administration)

Intercalation, in the context of university administration, is a period when a student is officially suspended from studying for an academic degree.
When a university or similar institution allows a student to intercalate, it is usually for one of the following reasons:

</doc>
<doc id="2929832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929832" title="USS Atlantis">
USS Atlantis

USS "Atlantus" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929841" title="Ering">
Ering

Ering is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2929848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929848" title="Cheiroballistra">
Cheiroballistra

The cheiroballistra (Greek) or manuballista (Latin), which translates in all its forms to 'hand ballista', was a late Roman siege engine. Designed by Hero of Alexandria and mostly composed of metal (the spring mechanism and the skeins), it shot bolts that were smaller than those in other forms of ballistae and generally made of metal. It was the next major improvement after the scorpio.
The name of the weapon implies that portable versions might also have existed, similar to crossbows.

</doc>
<doc id="2929855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929855" title="Aenor de Châtellerault">
Aenor de Châtellerault

Aénor of Châtellerault (also known as "Aénor de Rochefoucauld") duchess of Aquitaine (born c. 1103 in Châtellerault, died March 1130 in Talmont) was the mother of Eleanor of Aquitaine, who arguably became the most powerful woman in Europe of her generation.
Aenor was a daughter of Viscount Aimery I, Viscount of Châtellerault and his wife, Dangereuse de L' Isle Bouchard (d. 1151). Aenor married William X of Aquitaine, the son of her mother's lover, and had three children with him:

</doc>
<doc id="2929879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929879" title="Myeloma Foundation">
Myeloma Foundation

Myeloma Foundation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2929880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929880" title="Hemoglobin A2">
Hemoglobin A2

Hemoglobin A2 (HbA2) is a normal variant of hemoglobin A that consists of two alpha and two delta chains (α2δ2) and is found at low levels in normal human blood. Hemoglobin A2 may be increased in beta thalassemia or in people who are heterozygous for the beta thalassemia gene.
HbA2 exists in small amounts in all adult humans (1.5-3.1% of all hemoglobin molecules) and is increased in people with Sickle-cell disease. Its biological importance is not yet known.

</doc>
<doc id="2929895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929895" title="Gallo-Roman religion">
Gallo-Roman religion

Gallo-Roman religion was a fusion of the traditional religious practices of the Gauls, who were originally Celtic speakers, and the Roman and Hellenistic religions introduced to the region under Roman Imperial rule. It was the result of selective acculturation.
Deities.
In some cases, Gaulish deity names were used as epithets for Roman deities, as with Lenus Mars or Jupiter Poeninus. In other cases, Roman gods were given Gaulish female partners – for example, Mercury was paired with Rosmerta and Sirona was partnered with Apollo. In at least one case – that of the equine goddess Epona – a native Celtic goddess was also adopted by Romans.
Eastern mystery religions penetrated Gaul early on. These included the cults of Orpheus, Mithras, Cybele, and Isis. The imperial cult, centred primarily on the "numen" of Augustus, came to play a prominent role in the public religion of Gaul, most dramatically at the Sanctuary of the Three Gauls at Lugdunum.
Practices.
Roman religious practices such as offerings of incense and animal sacrifice, dedicatory inscriptions, and naturalistic statuary depicting deities in anthropomorphic form were combined with specific Gaulish practices such as circumambulation around a temple. This gave rise to a characteristic Gallo-Roman fanum, identifiable in archaeology from its concentric shape.

</doc>
<doc id="2929907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929907" title="Gaelic-speaking congregations in the Church of Scotland">
Gaelic-speaking congregations in the Church of Scotland

A few Church of Scotland congregations, mainly in the Western Isles, have regular Sunday services in Gaelic. There are Gaelic-speaking congregations of other denominations too, mainly in the Western Isles. These include the Roman Catholic Church, the Free Church of Scotland, the Free Church of Scotland (continuing), the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland and the Associated Presbyterian Churches.
The list below is of Church of Scotland charges where it is desirable that the minister should be able to speak Gaelic. A few congregations are, however, deemed to be ‘Gaelic essential’. The number of congregations deemed ‘Gaelic desirable’ or ‘Gaelic essential’ has declined in recent decades. The Gaelic for ‘Church of Scotland’ is Eaglais na h-Alba.
There is a shortage of ministers able to speak Gaelic. At Greyfriars Tolbooth & Highland Kirk in Edinburgh the services in Gaelic are now normally at 12:30 pm and led by an appointed preacher. The preacher's name is in the Saturday Edition of the Scotsman or telephone the office during normal business hours at 0131 225 1900. However, Glasgow still has two weekly Gaelic services at St Columba's Church, Glasgow on St Vincent Street and Gardner Street Church of Scotland in Partick.
Presbytery of Argyll
Presbytery of Edinburgh
Presbytery of Glasgow
Presbytery of Inverness
Presbytery of Lewis
Presbytery of Lochcarron-Skye
Presbytery of Ross
Presbytery of Uist
"Source: Church of Scotland Yearbook (2005-06 edition), St Andrew Press, Edinburgh"
Review in 2008.
In 2007, the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland instructed the Mission & Discipleship Council and the Ministries Council to investigate the present standing of Gaelic in the Church of Scotland and to report to the 2008 General Assembly on the strategic development of the use of the language in the church.
The report identifies the current dichotomy between the position in Gaelic in the Kirk and in Scottish society - in the Kirk, the decline in attendances at Gaelic services and a shortage of ministers with confidence to preach in Gaelic were a matter of some regret among many Gaelic speaking ministers. 
The report notes that many former Gaelic-speaking congregations had moved directly from traditional Gaelic services to English only and had not sought to embrace even an element of Gaelic worship. Nevertheless, in Scottish society as a whole, there is a considerable and growing, interest in Gaelic, illustrated by the preparation of A National Plan for Gaelic in response to a Scottish Government initiative; the establishing of Bord na Gaidhlig; the development of Gaelic education; increase in the number of adults learning the language and the development of Sabhall Mor Ostaig in Skye. Two key recommendations are made:
In the latter area, the Group recognised that, throughout Scotland, there are individuals who have knowledge of Gaelic and who would welcome the provision of some element of Gaelic from time to time in worship, perhaps through a Gaelic blessing or Benediction.
The Mission and Discipleship Council is offering proposals that include encouragement of worship resources on the Church of Scotland website; the compilation of a short collection of Gaelic blessings/prayers/short scripture passages for use mainly within English services; provision of some Biblical and storytelling resources for Gaelic Medium Education and also for use in Sunday Schools; encouragement of a wider understanding of the role of Highland Christianity in the world church. The Council will also mention the expected report on the designation of Gaelic Speaking Charges and on the support of Gaelic ministry which the Ministries Council is expected to produce.

</doc>
<doc id="2929912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929912" title="Hester Prynne">
Hester Prynne

__NOTOC__
Hester Prynne is the protagonist of Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel "The Scarlet Letter". She is portrayed as a woman condemned by her Puritan neighbors. The character has been called "among the first and most important female protagonists in American literature."
A resident of Colonial America, Hester is sent ahead to the "New World" by her husband, who later assumes the name of Roger Chillingworth, as he has some business to finish before he can join her. After he is shipwrecked and captured by Native Americans and presumed dead, Hester continues to live her life as a seamstress in the town. She looks to the local pastor Arthur Dimmesdale for comfort; somewhere along the way passion emerges, culminating in the conception and subsequent birth of their child, Pearl. Because Hester has no husband with her, she is imprisoned, convicted of the crime of adultery, and sentenced to be forced to wear a prominent scarlet letter 'A' for the rest of her life.
Though scorned by her fellow citizens, Hester continues to lead a relatively uneventful life. Shortly after the birth of the child and her punishment, Hester's husband reappears and demands that she tell him the name of the child's father. Hester refuses, but swears not to reveal the fact that Chillingworth is her husband to the town folk. Hester continues living her life as a seamstress, providing for herself and her child.
Novelist John Updike said of Prynne:
One analyst wrote:
Inspiration and influence.
According to popular tradition, the gravestone of Elizabeth Pain in Boston's King's Chapel Burying Ground was the inspiration for Hester Prynne's grave. Scholar Laurie Rozakis has argued that an alternate or additional source for the story may be Hester Craford, a woman flogged for fornication with John Wedg.
In various film adaptations of the novel, Prynne has been portrayed by actresses such as Lillian Gish, Sommer Parker, Meg Foster, Mary Martin, Sybil Thorndike, Senta Berger and Demi Moore. In the cult television Series "Twin Peaks" the name was also adopted as a pseudonym by the character Audrey Horne. Another literary figure using the surname Prynne is a woman who had an adulterous relationship with a pastor in the novel "A Month of Sundays" by John Updike, part of his trilogy of novels based on characters in "The Scarlet Letter". In the musical "The Music Man", Harold Hill refers to Hester Prynne in the song "Sadder but Wiser Girl." He sings that he wants a girl "with a touch of sin." remarking "I hope, and I pray, for a Hester to win just one more 'A'."
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2929915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929915" title="Martin Martin">
Martin Martin

Martin Martin (Scottish Gaelic: Màrtainn MacGilleMhàrtainn) (? – 9 October 1718) was a Scottish writer best known for his work "A Description of the Western Islands of Scotland" (1703; second edition 1716). This book is particularly noted for its information on the St Kilda archipelago. Martin's description of St Kilda, which he visited in 1697, had also been published some years earlier as "A Late Voyage to St Kilda" (1698).
Life.
A native of Bealach, near Duntulm, Skye, his work has some authenticity thanks to the fact that he was raised in Gaeldom. Dr Johnson, however, believed him to be credulous, and indeed, some of his descriptions of second sight and other superstitions appear to be this way. He appears to have come from the Highland middle class, the tacksmen, who were factors on lairds' estates. His brother may have been tacksman at Flodigarry on Skye.
Martin graduated MA from the University of Edinburgh in 1681. Nothing seems to be known of him in his later years, except that he entered Leiden University in 1710, and there graduated as MD, afterwards residing in London until his death. He was unmarried and died "of an Asthma" in Knightsbridge on 9 October 1718.
Both Johnson and Boswell read his book and took a copy of it along with them on their famous tour in 1773. 
Johnson felt Martin had failed to record the more interesting aspects of life at the time, and suggested that this was because Martin was unaware of just how different the social structure of the Western Isles was in comparison to life elsewhere.
Martin is also known for his early descriptions of Scotch whisky:
Their plenty of Corn was such, as dispos'd the Natives to brew several sorts of Liquors, as common "Usquebaugh", another call'd "Trestarig, id est Aquavitae", three times distill'd, which is strong and hot; a third sort is four times distill'd, and this by the Natives is call'd "Usquebaugh-baul, id est "Usquebaugh", which at first taste affects all the Members of the Body: two spoonfuls of this last Liquor is a sufficient Dose; and if any Man exceed this, it would presently stop his Breath, and endanger his Life. The "Trestarig" and "Usquebaugh-baul", are both made of Oats.

</doc>
<doc id="2929921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929921" title="ETHS">
ETHS

Eths or ETHS may refer to:

</doc>
