<doc id="2841767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841767" title="Next Generation Internet Program">
Next Generation Internet Program

The Next Generation Internet Program (also "NGI", "NGI Initiative") was a United States Government project intended to drastically increase the speed of the Internet. President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore announced their commitment to the program on October 10, 1996.
The last Internet Archive mirror of the site stated:
The Large Scale Networking Coordinating Group was part of the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development program.

</doc>
<doc id="2841770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841770" title="Disentis">
Disentis

Disentis (German) or Mustér (Romansh), with its official name Disentis/Mustér is a municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
The skiing and summer tourism resort high up in the Rhine valley is the site of one of the oldest Benedictine monasteries in Switzerland. The monastery dates back to 720, its huge actual complex dates from 1696 to 1712.
History.
Disentis is first mentioned in 765 as "Desertina". In 1127 it was mentioned as "monasterium Dissertinensis". The name Disentis is supposed to come from Latin Desertina, used for the deserted valley in late antique times, while the Romansh name Mustér refers to the monastery.
Disentis Abbey, founded in ca. 720, was already in early medieval times the cultural and political center of the later Grisons. Situated on the road to the Lukmanier pass used by the German emperors on their way to Italy, Disentis became a place of international importance in the high Middle Ages and the prince abbot of Disentis was the lord of the Rhine valley. In the later Middle Ages, the farmer communities in the valleys became stronger and the influence of the monastery decreased, but the abbot of Disentis still played an important role in the founding of the Grey League in 1395.
When the Grey League became a formal ally of the Swiss Confederation in 1497, Disentis, at the foot of the Oberalp pass which was the nearest connection to the confederation, was again in a strategically important situation, but later on it was overtaken in importance by the larger Ilanz.
Geography.
Disentis/Mustér has an area, , of . Of this area, 21.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while 22% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (54.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Disentis sub-district of the Surselva district (which was, until the end of 2000, the Vorderrhein district). It is the largest of the seven municipalities that make up the Disentis sub-district and is the capital. It consists of the center village of Mustér-Vitg and the neighboring villages of Mompé-Tujetsch, Segnes, Acletta, Funs/Clavaniev, Disla, Cavardiras and Mompé-Medel. Except for the two Mompé villages, all the villages contain multiple scattered settlements. The settlement of Brulf near Disentis village was covered in a rockslide in 1689. Until 1963 Disentis/Mustér was known as Disentis/Mustèr.
Disentis lies on the highest step of the Rhine valley, where the roads of the Oberalp pass coming from central and western Switzerland and of the Lukmanier pass coming from the Ticino meet. It is a train station of the Glacier Express, connected by train and road to the Valais via Oberalp pass and to Chur following the Rhine valley. The Lukmanier pass road is in summer served by a post bus line.
Culture.
Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (75.3%), with German being second most common (20.4%) and Portuguese being third ( 1.4%). The official language of the municipality is the Sursilvan dialect of Romansh. While Swiss German and German are spoken by most people as second and third languages respectively, the local laws are only in Romansh.
Disentis is one of the most important centers of the Romansh language, especially of its Sursilvan dialect. It also plays an important role as cultural center through the high school of the monastery.
Tourism.
Tourism started around 1870 and today Disentis is a resort offering of hiking trails in summer and of cross country tracks in winter. For alpine skiers there are 6 ski lift up to 2833m. There are 14 hotels and 21 restaurants, and together with neighbour municipality Sedrun, Disentis offers a total of 10,000 beds in hotels and holiday apartments.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Basilica of S. Gada", "Disentis Abbey", the "Chapel of S. Luzi" in Disla, the "Chapel of S. Maria" in Acletta and the "Punt Russein" bridge (shared with Sumvitg) are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Demographics.
Disentis/Mustér has a population (as of ) of . , 8.9% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -4.7%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.1% male and 48.9% female. The age distribution, , in Disentis/Mustér is; 219 children or 10.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 343 teenagers or 15.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 207 people or 9.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 289 people or 13.3% are between 30 and 39, 316 people or 14.5% are between 40 and 49, and 272 people or 12.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 215 people or 9.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 169 people or 7.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 113 people or 5.2% who are between 80 and 89 there are 29 people or 1.3% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 66.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (17.4%), the SP (9.9%) and the FDP (5.3%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Disentis/Mustér about 64.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
Disentis/Mustér has an unemployment rate of 0.79%. , there were 107 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 43 businesses involved in this sector. 341 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 29 businesses in this sector. 719 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 102 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Religion.
From the , 1,954 or 90.0% are Roman Catholic, while 79 or 3.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there are 8 individuals (or about 0.37% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 5 individuals (or about 0.23% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 16 (or about 0.74% of the population) who are Islamic. There are 6 individuals (or about 0.28% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), 42 (or about 1.93% of the population) belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 67 individuals (or about 3.08% of the population) did not answer the question.

</doc>
<doc id="2841778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841778" title="Fourth vow">
Fourth vow

The "Fourth vow" is a religious solemn vow that is taken by members of various religious institutes of the Catholic Church, after the three traditional vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. It usually is an expression of the congregation's charism and particular insertion in the apostolic field of the Church.
In the Society of Jesus.
After a period of service as a priest, members of the Society of Jesus - the Jesuits - can be allowed to take a fourth vow of obedience to the pope with regard to the missions. 
The text of the vow is :" « (...) I further promise a special obedience to the souvereign pontiff in regard to the missions, according to the same Apostolic Letters and the Constitutions»." (Constitutions S.J., N°527). The same text is being used today, just as it was in the days of Ignatius of Loyola.
The vow is an expression of a strong attachment the Jesuits have for the Church, and their willingness to accept whatever service the Church asks (through the pope) if it is of a great apostolic need. In part VII of the "Constitutions", discussing the 'distribution of the members in the Vineyard of the lord' the founding fathers explain the purpose of the fourth vow: "«Those who first united to form the Society were from different provinces and realms and did not know into which regions they were to go, whether among the faithful or the unbelievers; and therefore to avoid erring in the path of the Lord, they made that promise or vow in order that His Holiness might distribute them for greater glory to God»" S.J., N°606
This vow is limited to the priests of the Society. Only those who have been accepted by the Society to take this vow may serve as major superiors in the Society of Jesus.
In other religious institutes.
Other religious institutes have adopted the practice of taking a fourth vow, for example the Religious Sisters of Mercy of Alma take a fourth vow of service to the poor, sick, and ignorant and the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate take a fourth vow of devotion to Mary. The Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy requires that its members take a fourth vow, a vow to die for another who is in danger of losing their faith.

</doc>
<doc id="2841788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841788" title="Hosanna shout">
Hosanna shout

In the Latter Day Saint movement, a hosanna shout is an organized ritual by a congregation of shouting hosanna. It was first performed as a ritual in the dedication of the Kirtland Temple, and was a part of the Kirtland Endowment ceremony. It continues to be practiced by some Latter Day Saint denominations, most notably The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), which practices the ritual at the dedication of each of its temples.
When the ordinance of the washing of feet was introduced at Kirtland, shouts of hosanna were viewed as a sealing benediction on both private and quorum prayer and then on the dedicatory prayer. At prayer meetings in the Kirtland Temple, the Saints sometimes used related phrases such as "Blessed is the name of the Most High God" and "Glory to God in the highest" (HC 2:386).
The Hosanna shout is intended to be whole-souled and given to the full limit of one's strength. The congregation stands and in unison shouts three times the words "Hosanna, Hosanna, Hosanna to God and the Lamb," then concludes with "Amen, Amen, and Amen." This is done while waving white handkerchiefs with uplifted hands. The epithet "Lamb" relates to the condescension and Atonement of Jesus Christ.
The Hosanna shout memorializes the pre-earthly Council in Heaven, as "when ... all the sons of God shouted for joy" (Job 38:7). It also recalls the hosannas and the waving of palm branches accorded Jesus as he entered Jerusalem, and the hosannas that welcomed him as he appeared to the Nephites in the Book of Mormon. Lorenzo Snow, then president of the LDS Church, taught that this shout will herald the Messiah when he comes in the glory of the Father (cf. 1 Thes. 4:16). The word Hosanna means "save, rescue" or "save", which concisely summarizes the purpose of the temple in Latter-day theology as a place where saving ordinances are performed for both the living and the dead.

</doc>
<doc id="2841789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841789" title="Big Four, West Virginia">
Big Four, West Virginia

Big Four is an unincorporated community located in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. Their post office has been closed. Originally known as Cirrus, Big Four is reported to have been renamed for the four men who operated the coal mines in the area. This is the location of McDowell County's Wal-Mart.

</doc>
<doc id="2841801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841801" title="West Kirby railway station">
West Kirby railway station

West Kirby railway station is situated in the town of West Kirby, Wirral, England. The station is located at the end of one of the branches of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network. There is a central island platform between two terminus tracks, and two parallel sidings for out-of-use electric trains. The beach can be reached easily from the station. 
History.
In 1873, the Hoylake and Birkenhead Railway was authorised to construct two extensions to its lines. One was a short connecting section near to Birkenhead docks, and the other was the extension from Hoylake to West Kirby. The station and the extension were opened on 1 April 1878 as the terminus of the Wirral Railway's route from Birkenhead Park station. The station's original signal box was built in 1886, to a London and North Western Railway (LNWR) design. This signal box was removed and replaced in 1932. After the opening of the Mersey Railway Tunnel in 1886, carriages were operated through Birkenhead Park, every half-hour, all the way to James Street station in Liverpool. As traffic increased, the line into West Kirby was doubled, from a single track, in 1896. After a board meeting on 28 October 1895, it was decided to extend the line from Hooton, into West Kirby. The station was relocated on the western side of the original station, with an enlarged island platform and rebuilt, in 1898-9, in red brick, with a turreted clock tower and mock Tudor frontage. A further platform was constructed for the Hooton line, on the eastern side of the original station. The site of the original station was used for goods sidings. In the present day, this is the site of "The Concourse", a community building operated by Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council.
In 1932, the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) constructed a new signal cabin, used jointly with the Great Western Railway (GWR), which was installed on the western side of the tracks, just beyond the end of the platform. This replaced the earlier signal box in the same place. This signal box was closed on 17 September 1994 and demolished a week later.
There was an active freight depot, until 1964, on the eastern side of the station. The freight depot occupied the triangular area between the former Wirral Railway station, which received the electrified lines, and the former Birkenhead Joint branch station. The depot was mainly used to receive coal for domestic distribution. The area occupied by the freight depot was later used for the construction of "The Concourse". The West Kirby goods depot was principally served by a daily goods train along the electric line from Birkenhead, which also served goods depots at Hoylake, Moreton, and the Cadbury's factory near Leasowe.
Birkenhead Joint branch.
West Kirby's platform for trains to Hooton opened on 19 April 1886 when the Chester and Birkenhead Railway (C&BR) extended their line to West Kirby from Parkgate. This now meant there was a direct route from Hooton to West Kirby.
The station for the Hooton line was to the east of the current station. The station was along the alignment of what is now Orrysdale Road, between Bridge Road and Grange Road, and was equipped with a small turntable. The station was single-platformed, and a single-storey building provided passenger and parcels facilities. The station also had steam locomotive watering facilities at the southern end of the platform, and a passing loop.
The only significant train along this route was a once-daily through service, often just one or two coaches, which ran until 1939. This service was from New Brighton, via Bidston, to Hooton and Chester. The coaches were then attached to a London Euston train. A principal traffic was scholars travelling from stations along the route to the secondary schools in West Kirby.
The Birkenhead Joint branch station was effectively a separate facility to the main station on the electric lines. There was a junction between the two lines, underneath the Bridge Road overbridge. However, very few train movements connected between them.
In its final years, the almost-unused line was employed for the training of diesel multiple unit crews operating from Birkenhead and Chester via Hooton. The station closed to passengers on 17 September 1956, and closed completely on 7 May 1962. The route all the way to Hooton is now a footpath, known as The Wirral Way, which forms part of the Wirral Country Park.
LMS Electrification.
Through electric services commenced on 13 March 1938, when the LMS electrified the lines from Birkenhead Park to West Kirby. The service was provided by the then-new LMS electric multiple units. However, on Sunday mornings, the service was provided by the older Mersey Railway electric units which, up until that point, had only ever run from Liverpool to Birkenhead Park. The concrete platform awning was erected, at the time of the 1938 electrification, along with a similar structure at New Brighton. However, the station building, across the end of the tracks, was left untouched from Victorian times.
The Open Golf Championship.
When the Open Golf Championship was held at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club, which is situated between West Kirby and Hoylake, in July 2006, services terminated at Hoylake station during the tournament. This was to allow competitors to cross the tracks from the practice course on one side to the championship course on the other. This caused some controversy locally, especially given the large increase in passengers during the championship.
Facilities.
The station has a booking office and a drop-off point for cars, with a cycle rack for six bicycles. The station is staffed, at all times during opening hours, has departure and arrival screens for passenger information, and platform CCTV. The terminus island platform has open-air seating, beneath a platform canopy, and there are two payhones on the platform. Wheelchair and pram access to the platform is straightforward, with no steps to ascend.
Much of the station building has been rented out as retail units, accessed from the public road rather than from the railway premises.
In early June 2014 it has been announced that this station will be among a small number of stations on the Merseyrail network that will soon undergo a £3.7m programme of improvements, this station will see canopy works and wind breaks to support the Network Rail scheme.
Services.
Current services are every 15 minutes (Monday to Saturday daytime) to West Kirby and Liverpool. At other times, trains operate every 30 minutes. These services are all provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="2841802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841802" title="Canada Dock Branch">
Canada Dock Branch

The Canada Dock Branch is a 4 mile 59 chain (7.62 kilometre) long railway line in Liverpool, England. The line runs from the large Edge Hill rail junction in the east of Liverpool to Seaforth Dock to the north. The line was originally built by the London and North Western Railway terminating at Canada Dock, with a latter extension added to Alexandra Dock and the MDHC railway lines. The line is not electrified.
History.
The line opened in 1866 between Edge Hill and Canada Dock. On 5 September 1881 a line to Alexandra Dock was opened branch from the mainline at Atlantic Junction in a cutting below Kirkdale Station. On 1 May 1886 a junction with the Liverpool, Crosby and Southport Railway was opened from the Alexandra Branch.
By 31 May 1948 all the passenger stations on the line had closed. The line continued to be used by regular Liverpool Lime Street to Southport services, which operated primarily to provide a convenient Southport connection to London trains. The service was withdrawn when the Merseyrail commuter network was created in 1977. A new Merseyrail underground station below the mainline Lime Street station gave access from Southport via the Merseyrail Northern Line and Wirral Line.
Today.
The line is currently a busy freight-only diesel-traction line and is sometimes called the Bootle Branch or Seaforth Container Terminal Branch (SCT) providing the sole remaining rail connection to the Port of Liverpool.
Approximately 70% of the North West of England's freight runs through Liverpool. The Olive Mount chord at Edge Hill junction was re-opened in December 2008 to approximately double the Canada Dock branch's throughput of freight from the Port of Liverpool to the West Coast Main Line. The reinstatement of the chord is essential for existing port operations and will be ready for the 100% increase in freight when the planned Post-Panamax container terminal is ready at Seaforth Dock. The new container terminal will berth the world's largest container ships, transporting up to 14,000 containers per ship. A high throughput on the Canada Dock branch line is essential for efficient port operation.
It is hoped the Olive Mount chord reinstatement will remove large road vehicles from congested areas, such as Switch Island, giving many environmental benefits.
The future.
The line is being seriously assessed for reopening to passengers as announced electrification and interest from Liverpool FC cast positive light on this line. On 16 July 2007 the Liverpool Daily Post reported that Liverpool FC may partially fund the reopening of the line to passenger services providing a direct rail link to the proposed Stanley Park Stadium. This was highlighted on the Network Rail North West development plan as a potential project to be undertaken by Network Rail, rather than Liverpool FC.
The Department for Transport's Rail electrification document of July 2009, states that the route to Liverpool Docks will be electrified. The Canada Dock Branch Line is the only line into the docks. From the document:
The electrification of this line would greatly assist in recommissioning passenger trains, as costs would be reduced.
The electrification of the Liverpool and Manchester line will be reduced from around 45 minutes today, to 30 minutes due to the greater acceleration achieved by electric trains and the raising of the speed limit along the line from 75 to 90 mph. Class 319 dual-voltage, 3rd rail and overhead wires, EMUs will be fully refurbished and transferred from the Thameslink route to operate between Liverpool, Wigan and Manchester. The dual voltage trains can operate on Merseyrail's 3rd rail network giving greater scope for route planning.
The Route Utilisation Strategy document makes note of the benefits of dual-voltage Electric multiple unit trains, which can be utilised on both the third rail Merseyrail network and future electrified lines which are likely to use overhead wires.
There is a serious suggestion to introduce passenger services on this line in the Local Transport Plan for Merseyside.
The overhead wires will accommodate freight trains and ensure the superior acceleration of electric trains will clear lines quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="2841811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841811" title="Santiago Cortés (musician)">
Santiago Cortés (musician)

Santiago Cortés is a Latino-Swiss musician and composer. He has been producing music for TV and film, and doing regular DJ dance music gigs in the USA, South America, Italy, Spain and Asia, since 1991.
During 1997–2000, Cortés completed his education as a sound engineer and founded his own SMP label in 2005. In producing his debut album, "Welcome to My Airline", released in September 2005, he collaborated with musicians, engineers and producers in Europe and abroad, such as the lead singer Sonnie "Skip" Martin (Grammy winner, New York) from Kool & the Gang and "Tony Martinez and the Cuban Power" (two time Grammy nominee, New York).
For his second album, "First Class", he worked with various artists in the genre of house music, including Kim Cooper (Defected Records), Lynn Lockamy
Cortés had a Number 1 hit single and music video in early 2005 with "Don't Leave Me". It was accepted for N1 rotation on Viva Switzerland and on Latin-MTV in Miami, and made the Swiss Top 40 within one week of air play. His second single, "Superstar", released in September 2005, also made the Swiss Top 40 within one week. Late in January 2006 his third single, "Saturday", was released in combination with a new music video. "Crazy" also reached Number 1. Cortés then began working on his third album, "In the Mix".
Cortés has an international network which allows him to work on an international level, based on a wide repertoire of artists. He joined Radio 105, the leading Swiss youth radio, to produce his own radio show every Friday evening. He is the first Swiss musician having his own platform in SecondLife.com. His club, "First Class", is frequently visited.
Beside his production activities, Cortés still enjoys bookings as a DJ such as Resident-DJ in "White Nights" at Club Amnesia Ibiza, at Kaufleuten Zuerich (CH) or 90° Berlin (D) which allows him to be very close to the development in dance and house music.

</doc>
<doc id="2841814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841814" title="Christ Church Grammar School">
Christ Church Grammar School

Christ Church Grammar School is an independent Anglican day and boarding school for boys from Pre-Primary to Year 12. Located in Perth, Western Australia. The school overlooks Freshwater Bay on the Swan River, Claremont.
The school is a member of the Public Schools' Association (PSA), Independent Primary School Heads of Australia (IPSHA), Association of Independent Schools in Western Australia (AISWA), Association of Headmasters of Independent Schools Australia (AHISA) and Australian Boarding Schools' Association (ABSA).
Christ Church Grammar School was founded in 1910 by the Reverend W.J. McClemans. The school opened on 7 February 1910 as Christ Church Preparatory School with a single classroom and nine boys. In 1917, the school's status was raised from a preparatory school to university junior examination level and renamed Christ Church School. In 1931, it became known as Christ Church Grammar School.
Over 1600 boys, 110 of whom are boarders, are enrolled at Christ Church. More than 1100 boys study in the Senior School (Years 7 to 12) and over 500 attend the Preparatory School (Pre-Primary to Year 6).
As a non-selective school, Christ Church caters for a wide range of boys from those who are academically gifted through to students with learning challenges. It also offers places to overseas students.
History.
Christ Church Grammar School opened on 7 February 1910 as the Christ Church Preparatory School. The founder, Canon W J McClemans, was the rector of Christ Church Claremont. The School opened with a single classroom and an enrolment of nine-day boys.
In 1917, the status of Christ Church was raised from preparatory school to university junior examination level and renamed Christ Church School. During this year, the Old Boys' Association was established and legislation by Synod brought Christ Church and Guildford Grammar School under the control of one representative council. Christ Church did not have any representation on the Council until 1920, and during this time, financial difficulties put the existence of the school into jeopardy and under threat of closure by the council.
From the 1920s through to the 1940s, the school continued to grow. However, financial hardship and uncertainty continued and led to the resignation of several headmasters. When Christ Church gained its own school council in 1950, it was considered a turning point in the history of the school.
In 1951, PM Moyes became headmaster and throughout the post-war period, Christ Church boomed. Enrolments increased from 259 in 1951, to 853 in 1966. During this period, a large number of buildings and facilities were built and two houses were purchased. A block of land, next to the Claremont campus, was acquired as well as 20 acres in Mt Claremont for use as playing fields.
The students began to experience academic and sporting success. In 1956, the school was invited to join the Public Schools' Association (PSA); in 1957, the school was awarded its first General Exhibition; in 1958, the school won the Head of the River race for the first time; and in 1967, Peter Edwards became the school's first old boy to be awarded a Rhodes Scholarship.
Moyes retired in 1981 after serving for 31 years as headmaster and was succeeded by AJ de V Hill in 1982. The next five years included significant developments in the school curriculum and system of pastoral care. The outdoor education centre at Kooringal, near Dwellingup, was extensively redeveloped and its courses became an essential part of each student's education.
Financial support from parents and old boys enabled the school to spend over $2 million on new facilities in less than three years. A major appeal in 1984 yielded $800,000.
Hill served for six years as headmaster (before leaving to become Headmaster of Sydney Grammar School) and was followed by JJS Madin in January 1988. Madin, whose leadership approach was innovative and team-based, managed the next major projects in the school's development. These included a new science block and the redevelopment of the Senior School – a $4 million project that commenced in June 1987.
Madin resigned at the end of 2000 and in 2001, GE Wynne took over as headmaster. In his first year, the council introduced the school mission – 'Boys educated to know, to do, to live with others and to be' (UNESCO 1996). The school mission together with the school values, published in 2006.
Under the leadership of Wynne, there has been significant development in the school’s buildings and grounds, as well as an increase in the student population.
Campuses.
Christ Church Grammar School has four campuses.
Claremont Campus.
The main campus, known as the Claremont campus, is located on the corner of Stirling Highway and Queenslea Drive in Claremont approximately nine kilometres from the Perth CBD. The Claremont campus is home to both the Senior and Preparatory schools. Its Swan River frontage provides for the school's water sports programme, which includes rowing and sailing. Other facilities include the chapel, a visual arts, design and technology centre, a state-of-the-art information and technology centre, gymnasium precinct and a heated 50m swimming pool. The Claremont campus also houses the school's Residential Community, which accommodates 110 boys from regional Western Australia, interstate and overseas.
Mount Claremont Playing Fields.
The Mount Claremont sporting campus, located three kilometres north of the Claremont campus, provides eight hectares of playing fields for cricket, hockey, football and rugby.
Brockway, Mount Claremont.
Christ Church Grammar School acquired Brockway Mount Claremont, a former waste disposal site, in 2000. The site is currently at the planning and development stage and will eventually provide over eight hectares of playing fields.
Kooringal.
The school’s outdoor education program is centred at Kooringal, located on the Darling Scarp, 110 km south east of Perth and 15 km from the mill town of Dwellingup. Kooringal, meaning "home by the water" in the Aboriginal dialect of the district, was established in 1972 as a staffed and self-contained outdoor education centre for Christ Church students in Years 5 to 11. Kooringal is an integral part of the school's education.
Community.
Centre for Ethics.
The Centre for Ethics resulted from the 1993 Strategic Plan. Officially opened in 1996 by Dr Fiona Stanley, the centre offers a program of seminars, lectures, discussion groups and a newsletter. The centre brings people, who are seen as leaders in ethical issues, to the School. The aim of the program is to enable students to engage in the community’s conversation on ethics and spirituality. The director and founder of the Centre for Ethics is Canon Frank Sheehan, the School Chaplain.
Service in Action.
The Service in Action programme replaced the Pilgrimage of Hope in 2013. The programme based on Christian values provides an opportunity to learn through service to others, particularly those in circumstances of disadvantage. Throughout the year students raise funds for the programme and participate in humanitarian pilgrimages to remote Indigenous Australian communities and to schools and orphanages overseas.
Midnite Youth Theatre Company.
The Midnite Youth Theatre Company is named after their first production, a work adapted from Randolf Stow’s bushranger novel Midnite. The company was formed in 1987 with 40 actors and 16 musicians from Christ Church Grammar School and Methodist Ladies' College. In 1988, the company toured the United Kingdom, representing Australian youth for the bicentenary. Founded by Tony Howes, Director of Drama at Christ Church from 1986 to 2011, Midnight Youth Theatre Company seeks to stretch its members with music theatre, opera, plays, experimental works, street theatre, group-devised pieces and commissions. The second artistic director of the Midnight Youth Theatre Company was Drew Stocker (2011–2013). The new Artistic Director is Gregory Jones. 
Student life.
Academia.
Phases of Learning.
As students progress from Pre-Primary to Year 12 at Christ Church, they will experience six, distinct 'Phases of Learning' that aim to cater for individual differences, provide structure and feedback, and enhance personal bests. Learning is supported by a pastoral care structure where teachers and House tutors know each student and is aware of their progress.
Sport.
PSA Premierships.
Since joining the Public Schools Association (PSA) in 1957, Christ Church has been named the 'Champion School' on the following occasions:
Peter Moyes Centre.
The Peter Moyes Centre (PMC – formerly the Education Support Unit) was the initiative of former headmaster Peter Moyes, who from the beginning of his term as headmaster, believed that the school should provide for students of all abilities. In 1969, the school established a remedial centre for students with specific difficulties with literacy and numeracy. The centre now caters for students in the preparatory and senior schools who have a range of physical or intellectual disabilities. Each student has an individual program based on his educational needs and, where possible, students are integrated into mainstream classes. The focus of the program is the development of independence that will prepare the students for life after school.
Outdoor Education Program.
Venture.
Venture is an 10-day hike for Year 10 students, which places 14 groups on walk routes through the bushland and coastal setting of Walpole Nornalup National Park. A teacher and an outdoor education specialist accompany each group.
Venture was developed during 1989 and 1990 with the first camp in 1991. The aim of Venture is to give Year 10 students greater focus by presenting them with real challenges where they can practice goal setting and objectives, and develop problem-solving skills in a group situation.
Leeuwin.
In 2011, Christ Church established a partnership with the Leeuwin Ocean Adventure Foundation whereby every Year 8 student spends a week on board the tall ship as part of the school's outdoor education program.
On the voyage, students learn about sails, lines and nautical terms, health and safety, goal setting and teamwork, interspersed with daily tasks including morning exercises, cleaning duties (known as 'Happy Hour') and the Leeuwin Olympics. The boys are sorted into 4 watches and for the rest of the trip they side with the watch (either; Blue, white, red and green)
Kooringal.
Each year students from Years 5 – 9 attend Christ Church's outdoor education centre at Kooringal. The key components of the outdoor education programme at Kooringal are the promotion of community living, care for the environment and the development of resilience. Students participate in an expedition, canoeing, kayaking, climbing and abseiling. Students learn about the jarrah forest environment and how to identify local flora and fauna.
Army Cadets.
The Christ Church Army Cadet Unit was established in 1936 as an adjunct to the 44th Battalion. This affiliation ended in 1941 and efforts by staff and students led to the formation of the Senior Cadet Corp in 1942. During World War II, the cadet corp continued to grow. It was during this period that a miniature shooting range was constructed at the school and in 1947, the school’s shooting team won the Commonwealth Cup for the first time.
The cadet unit reached its peak in 1966 with over 272 cadets in three companies and a fife band. Changes in government support for school cadets during the 1970s initiated a change to more emphasis on outdoor education. In 1988, participation in cadets was offered as a weekly activity for senior students. Prior to this, cadets was compulsory for boys in Year 10. The focus of training moved from outdoor education activities to military activities using military equipment, with weekend training conducted in military training areas.
Today, the cadet unit comprises three platoons with over 90 cadets. It remains a voluntary activity with a focus on leadership and self-discipline, offering students an opportunity develop confidence and a wide range of skills.
2011 marks the 75-year anniversary of cadets at Christ Church.
House system.
The house system at Christ Church was introduced in 1921 in an effort "to arouse more enthusiasm in the games". Initially, there were three houses – Highbury, Romsey and Queenslea. In 1925, R.L. Beatty donated the Beatty Cup for Inter-House Competition. This cup is awarded annually to the champion house for inter-house sporting and cultural activities. The Eagling Cup is awarded annually to the house with the best scholastic achievement and was donated to the school by Mrs Eagling in 1945. Eagling taught at Christ Church from 1942 to 1945.
Over the years, the number of houses increased to match growth in student numbers. In 2005, Headmaster Garth Wynne modified the house system, removing the two boarding houses (McClemans House & Walters House) from the system and integrating the boarding students into the remaining eight day boy houses. Today, there are eight houses in the Senior School and four in the Preparatory School. The houses are named after significant people and places within the history of the school.
Boarding.
In 1911, requests were made to Canon McClemans to take boarders. Initially, there was no boarding house and the first boarders resided with the McClemans family in the Rectory. Boarding reached its peak in the 1980s when almost a quarter of the student population were boarders. Today, there are 110 boarders who live in the Walters Residential Community. The residential community at Christ Church is organised to facilitate integration between the boarders and day boys enabling boarders to be more involved in the wider school community.
Alumni.
Old Boys' Association.
Founded in 1917, the Old Boys' Association (OBA) is an independent body administered by a committee of former students. The association functions to further the interests of the school, to provide support to school and student activities and to encourage social interaction between its members. The OBA also provides funding for a number of scholarships for students of merit, who would otherwise be unable to attend Christ Church. Upon leaving Christ Church, former students are invited to join the Old Boys' Association. The OBA maintains contact with former students through the OBA e-Newsletter, social networking and regular reunions.
Notable alumni.
Notable alumni of the school include:
sir william heseltine- private secretary to the queen

</doc>
<doc id="2841815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841815" title="Germain Nouveau">
Germain Nouveau

Germain Marie Bernard Nouveau (1851-1920) was a French poet associated with the symbolist movement. 
Biography.
Early life.
Germain Nouveau was born on 31 July 1851 in Pourrières, Var, in France. He was one of four children of Felicien Nouveau (1826–1884) and Marie Silvy (1832–1858). His mother died before he was seven years old, and he was raised by his grandfather. He spent most of his childhood at Aix-en-Provence, and he moved to Paris in the fall of 1872.
Early Career.
In Paris in 1872 he published his first poem, "Sonnet of Summer," and he discovered the work of poets Verlaine and Rimbaud. At the end of 1873, he met Rimbaud in person, and together they went to England in March, 1874. He lived with Rimbaud in London at 178 Stamford Street before returning to Paris alone three months later. 
Mid-Career, Travel, and Mental Illness.
Nouveau travelled to Belgium and the Netherlands, and in 1875 in Brussels he received from Verlaine the manuscript of Rimbaud's "Illuminations". He returned to London where he met Verlaine, who became a long-time friend. In 1878, Nouveau contributed to the French periodicals "Le Gaulois" and "Le Figaro" under the pseudonym Jean de Noves (one of many noms de plume he used), before travelling to Beirut in 1883. When he returned home, he taught in a lycee in Paris before being struck by a mysterious mental illness in 1891 and spending several months in a mental hospital.
Religious Conversion and Pilgrimage.
After his mental breakdown, Nouveau voluntarily embarked upon a life of poverty, modelling himself after Saint Benoît-Joseph Labre. He travelled to Rome and made a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela before returning to the village of his birth in 1911, where he died in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="2841817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841817" title="Big Sandy, West Virginia">
Big Sandy, West Virginia

Big Sandy is a census-designated place (CDP) located in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population is 168. The town's name comes from the Big Sandy River, a major tributary of the Ohio River which forms the boundary between West Virginia and Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="2841819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841819" title="County School railway station">
County School railway station

County School is a railway station approximately one mile north of the village of North Elmham in the English county of Norfolk. The station is part of a line being gradually restored by the Mid-Norfolk Railway from East Dereham to Fakenham.
History.
A railway line was opened as part of the Norfolk Railway's extension from East Dereham to Fakenham in 1849, but County School railway station was not built until 1886 to serve the private school from which it took its name, and following the opening of the Wroxham branch line in 1882. In 1903 the Norfolk County School became the Watts Naval School, the station name, however, remained unchanged.
County School became a Great Eastern Railway rural junction station even though the Wroxham branch left the Wells line a mile north, at Broom Green. The station consisted of up and down platforms and an extra bay for Wroxham services.
The stationmaster's house is unusual, in that the railway did not build it. Instead it was originally the lodge house for the school - and its style reflects the school rather than the station.
County School station was equipped with three platforms, two platform buildings, a signal box and a small coal yard. This yard was essentially to serve the needs of the large number of fires in the school buildings. The station was also provided with a large orchard on land provided for sidings that were never required.
1915 crash.
On 20 January 1915, the junction with the line to Aylsham and Wroxham was the site of an accident between a passenger train from Wells and a goods train from Foulsham.
At 11.46 am, Y14 '629', hauling 12 empty and 4 loaded wagons, ran into the 6 coach passenger train, hauled by T26 locomotive '446' and consisting of 6-wheel stock on the scissor crossing close to the signal box. Nobody was injured in the crash, which took place at low speed, although both locomotives were damaged, along with other vehicles in both trains.
The responsibility for the crash was placed on the driver of the goods train, for failing to observe that his signals were at danger.
World War II.
During World War II the station surroundings were used as a fuel dump for the airfield at Foulsham. The site was also briefly used as a tarmac factory for bomber command.
Nationalisation.
The first significant change occurred in 1952 when the County School to Wroxham line was closed to passenger traffic, although the western section of this line, between County School and Foulsham remained open for goods until 31 October 1964, being busiest in the sugar beet season. Diesel trains made their first appearance in 1956, but it was not until 1964 that the Dereham to Wells line lost its passenger service.
In 1954 the complex track layout and quiet nature of the station since the closure of the branch led to its being used as a main location for the filming of the driver training films for the new diesel multiple units.
After passenger closure.
Just after closure the station was used by Anglia Television as a location for "Weaver's Green". This was a twice-weekly serial, based on a fictional vets' practice in an East Anglian village with a post office and shop, church, pub, railway station and racing stable. Two vets, played by Grant Taylor and Eric Flynn, were the central characters, and Wendy Richard, of "EastEnders", and Kate O'Mara, who was to join the cast of "Dynasty", played minor roles. Soon after this filming took place the island platform buildings and signal box were demolished.
Final closure.
The line remained open for freight, but the track was finally removed by British Rail following the withdrawal of goods traffic from Ryburgh in 1981. The main building survived as a small factory unit making plaster ceiling roses.
Preservation schemes.
Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society.
By the late 1980s the station was heavily overgrown and derelict. Breckland District Council bought the station in 1987, intending to use it as a visitor centre, but felt that a station without track and trains looked wrong. The Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society were offered a 999 year lease to move to the site from their headquarters at Yaxham and restore the railway side of the site.
Great Eastern Railway (1989) Limited.
With the announcement of the closure of the entire branch between Wymondham, Dereham and North Elmham, a new company called the Great Eastern Railway (1989) Limited was formed to save the line.
The F&DRS elected to back this scheme, and the lease of the station was signed over to the GER (1989) Ltd. Although far from certain, the future of the line, and County School station, seemed more secure than it had for many years. During these years, the F&DRS continued to provide financial backing and manpower for the development of the site. The running line was extended over half a mile towards North Elmham, and a collection of rolling stock was built up.
During the early 1990s, the GER(1989) announced plans to lift the railway between Dereham and Wymondham. The Fakenham and Dereham Railway Society withdrew their support for the GER and made their own bid for the line. 1995 saw Yorkshire Bank call in the receivers to solve concerns with the Great Eastern Railway (1989) Ltd. In June 1995 Breckland Council informed the receivers that they wished for the GER (1889) Ltd. to give up the lease for County School station so that they could review their operations in respect of the site. The GER (1989) Ltd., who stated that they were attracting 12,000 visitors a year to the site, announced that they would contest this decision.
In July 1995, police were called in to investigate the sudden and unauthorised road transfer of two Mid Norfolk Railway Society Mk 2 coaches to a breaker's yard at nearby Lenwade. In July 1996 Breckland District Council issued a threat to stop trains running at County School station, as it was found that someone other than the leaseholder was operating trains at the site; the lease being non-transferable. In November 1996 Breckland District Council brought in 24 hour security guards at the County School site in order to prevent the stripping of the property after having served an eviction order on the GER(1989) in mid-October.
County School station was boarded up and GER (1989) Ltd rolling stock was concentrated in the isolated yard prior to disposal or scrapping. All track north of the station platforms was then lifted, and, as shown in the photograph, the site was left to become derelict.
Mid-Norfolk Railway Preservation Trust.
In 1998 the MNRPT signed a Tenancy at Will with Breckland District Council to take over the station and trackbed at County School. The track north of the platforms had, again, been lifted. The remainder was overgrown. The station was boarded up, with smashed glass, a stripped interior and broken windows.
The MNR quickly returned the station to use, as a visitor centre, rather than an operational railway museum. Over the next year, the MNR spent £28,000 restoring the station buildings to wartime LNER condition, tidying the grounds and removing scrap material left by the former lessee. Additional investment saw the station drive, damaged after decades of neglect, professionally resurfaced, scrub growth removed from the railway formation opening up the views of the Wensum Valley for walkers and preparing the formation for restoration of track.
Recognising the financial and manpower investment that the MNRPT had put into the site over the years, Breckland District Council offered to sell the station and trackbed to the Railway for the nominal sum of £1. This offer was accepted, and County School is now a part of the 17 mile long branch line. In 2010 the station was repainted into the colours employed elsewhere on the line.
Present day and plans.
The station forms an important key in the future plans of the Mid-Norfolk Railway, and will serve as the northern terminus of the line while the task of restoring the line to Fakenham is considered.
The signal box, demolished after passenger closure, is currently being rebuilt using components from Halesworth and the trackbed between County School and North Elmham is being restored ready for the restoration of the line.
A longer-term aim is the rebuilding of the demolished island platform building. 
At present no trains operate at the station. All the staff are volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="2841820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841820" title="Kamikaze 1NT">
Kamikaze 1NT

Kamikaze 1NT is a preemptive 1NT opening in the game of contract bridge and in common practice shows a balanced hand with 10-12 high-card points (HCP). It is used in first or second seat hoping to make 1NT opposite an average hand of about 10 HCP.
Originally developed by John Kierein as part of a bidding system to indicate 9-12 HCP, he modified the point range to 10-13 HCP because American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) rules on conventions did not allow the use of Stayman on opening notrump bids with a lower limit below 10 HCP. Common usage is with an upper limit of 12 HCP.

</doc>
<doc id="2841829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841829" title="Khayyam (disambiguation)">
Khayyam (disambiguation)

khayyam (خيام) means "tentmaker".
Omar Khayyám (1048-1131) was a Persian poet, mathematician, philosopher and astronomer.
Omar Khayyam or Khayyam may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841830" title="NGI">
NGI

NGI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841834" title="Niclas Fronda">
Niclas Fronda

Niclas Giorgio Pasquale Fronda (born 8 August 1977, Västerås, Västmanlands län, Sweden) is a Swedish cinematographer and videographer ("Mellan himmel och hästben"; 2001). He is a cousin of Sebastian Fronda.
Fronda's Baranga Film directed three of the Finnish rock band The Rasmus' videos, all from the "Dead Letters" album.

</doc>
<doc id="2841841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841841" title="Cellini Salt Cellar">
Cellini Salt Cellar

The Cellini Salt Cellar (in Vienna called the Saliera, Italian for salt cellar) is a part-enamelled gold table sculpture by Benvenuto Cellini. It was completed in 1543 for Francis I of France, from models that had been prepared many years earlier for Cardinal Ippolito d'Este. The "Cellini Salt Cellar" depicts a male figure representing the sea and a female figure that represents the earth. A small vessel meant to hold salt is placed next to the male figure.
A temple-shaped box for pepper is placed next to the female figure.
It came into the possession of the Habsburgs as a gift by Charles IX of France to Archduke Ferdinand II of Tyrol, who had acted as a proxy for Charles in his wedding to Elisabeth of Austria. It was originally part of the Habsburg art collection at Castle Ambras, but was transferred to the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna during the 19th century. 
The "Saliera" is the only remaining work of precious metal which can be reliably attributed to Cellini. It was created in the Mannerist style of the late Renaissance and allegorically portrays "Terra e Mare". In Cellini's description, the sea was represented by a male figure reclining beside a ship for holding the salt; the earth he "fashioned like a woman" and placed a temple near her to serve as a receptacle for pepper. The salt cellar is made of ivory, rolled gold, and vitreous enamel. The gold is not cast in a mould but hammered by hand into its delicate shape. It stands about 26 cm tall. The base is about 33.5 cm wide and features bearings to roll it around in order to appreciate it better. Two years after finishing this work, Cellini returned to Florence, to the patronage of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany.
The sculpture is insured for an estimated $60 million (approx. $68.3 million in CPI-adjusted 2012 United States dollars) by , an Austrian insurance company.
Theft and return.
On May 11, 2003, the Saliera was stolen from the Kunsthistorisches Museum, which was covered by a scaffolding at that time due to reconstruction works. The museum had offered a reward of € 1,000,000 for its recovery. The Saliera was recovered on January 21, 2006 buried in a lead box in a forest near the town of Zwettl, Austria, about 90 km north of Vienna. The thief, Robert Mang, turned himself in after police released surveillance photos of the suspect which were subsequently recognized by acquaintances.

</doc>
<doc id="2841846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841846" title="Wilmcote">
Wilmcote

Wilmcote is a village and since 2004 a separate civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire, about north of Stratford-upon-Avon. Prior to 2004, it was part of the same parish as Aston Cantlow and the 2001 population for the whole being 1,674.
It has a church, a primary school, a village hall, a village club, one small hotel, a shop and a pub. Visitors are attracted to Mary Arden's House the home of Shakespeares mother.
History.
Wilmcote, is listed as Wilmecote in the Domesday Book, part of the lands of Osbern son of Richard, whose father was Richard FitzScrob (or FitzScrope), builder of Richard's Castle. The entry reads: "In Pathlow Hundred. Also from Osbern, Urso hold 3 hides in Wilmcote. Land for 4 ploughs. In lordship 2; 2 slaves; 2 villagers and 2 smallholders with 2 ploughs. Meadow, 24 acres. The value was 30s; now 60s;. Leofwin Doda held it freely before 1066."
By 1205, according to Dugdale, it was held by Brito Camerarius, Chamberlain of Normandy and in that year was seized by King John, together with the other English lands of Normans for adhering to the King of France, Phillip II. In 1228 William de Wilmecote was claiming the advowson of the chapel here against the Archdeacon of Gloucester. In 1316 Wilmcote is called a hamlet of Aston Cantlow, and Laurence Hastings, who succeeded as Earl of Pembroke in 1325, is said to have given the manor of GREAT WILMCOTE to John son of John de Wyncote. During the Black Death (1348–9) Sir John, Eleanor and Joan, and three of the daughters died; and the last of the daughters, Elizabeth, whose wardship had come to the Crown as guardian of the young Earl of Pembroke, died in 1350.
No more is known of the manor until 1561, when an estate described as the manor of Great Wilmcote, including Mary Arden's house and land in Shelfield, was granted by Thomas Fynderne of Nuneaton to Adam Palmer of Aston Cantlow and George Gibbs of Wilmcote. Palmer and Gibbs held jointly until 1575, when a partition was made. The descent of Palmer's portion is not known, but Gibbs's, which included Mary Arden's house, remained in the family until another George Gibbs sold it to Matthew Walford of Claverdon in 1704. Walford's son and heir, also Matthew, married Elizabeth Jones and died in 1729, leaving his estates to be held jointly by his five daughters. Whatever manorial rights may have attached to this property had by now disappeared. At the time of the Inclosure in 1742–3 the manor of Wilmcote was included in that of Aston Cantlow, and Elizabeth Walford, widow, appears in the Award only as the proprietor of 5 yard-lands in the common field.
Economy.
The geology of the area around Wilmcote contains areas of good limestone, and a significant quarrying industry grew up in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, particularly after the opening of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal in 1816 which was routed through Wilmcote because of its quarries. Today the area has many small disused quarries, mostly filled in, and just-visible paths of tramways linking them to the canal. There is a larger quarry which has not been filled in and which is now a nature reserve. There are remains of lime kilns, built to turn the limestone into cement.
Wilmcote stone splits well into sheets and was used for paving as well as for building. It was used for paving the floors in the United Kingdom Houses of Parliament when these were rebuilt in the nineteenth century.
The last of the quarries closed in the early twentieth century, but they have left a great legacy for the village. There are several rows of former quarry workers cottages, built in Wilmcote stone, and a pub called the Masons' Arms. The quarries were one of the main reasons why the canal and railway, which add so much to the village today, were routed through Wilmcote. The first Wilmcote railway station opened in 1860, on a site alongside the canal wharves: it was replaced by the present station when the line was doubled in 1908.
Governance.
Wilmcote is part of the Aston Cantlow ward of Stratford on Avon District Council and represented by Councillor Sir William Lawrence Baronet., Conservative. Nationally it is part of Stratford on Avon constituency, whose member of parliament following the 2010 election is Nadhim Zahawi of the Conservative Party. It is included in the West Midlands electoral region of the European Parliament.
Education.
Situated in Church Road is Wilmcote Church of England (Voluntary Aided) Primary School, which educates 80 children from the age of 4 to 11.
Transport links.
Wilmcote railway station is situated on the North Warwickshire Line, part of the Great Western Railway's mainline route from Birmingham to Cheltenham. The village is a popular stop on the Stratford-upon-Avon to Birmingham Canal, and is on a National Cycleway.
Religious sites.
There was a chapel at Wilmcote, first mentioned in 1228 when the advowson was in dispute between William de Wilmcote, and the Archdeacon of Gloucester. In the 14th century the advowson was held with the manor of Little Wilmcote, until in 1481 Henry de Lisle gave it to the Gild of the Holy Cross at Stratford. The chaplains were instituted and inducted by the vicars of Stratford.
The Oxford Movement was a Catholic revival movement in the Church of England in the early nineteenth century, centred in Oxford and Wilmcote was the site they chose to build a church, a school and a retreat house. The village in the early nineteenth century had no church, it was then a part of the adjoining parish of Aston Cantlow but with a growing working class population due to the growth of the Wilmcote quarries the village was much in need of a church and a school. The modern church of St. Andrew, built in 1841, is a monument to the influence of the Oxford Movement in the parish. It was built by the Rev. Francis Fortescue-Knottesford and his son, who became the first curate, to meet the semi-industrial conditions created by the opening of the cement works in the 1830s. It is a very unusual small Anglo-Catholic church, dark, spiritual, and on Sundays filled with the smell of incense. It was designed by the renowned architect William Butterfield, a leader in the Gothic revival.
Notable people.
Mary Arden was born in Wilmcote around 1540. A farmer's daughter, she married one John Shakespeare, moved to Stratford-upon-Avon, and gave birth to William Shakespeare, recognised as the greatest English playwright to live. Mary Arden's House now owned by the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust is open to the public and houses a museum of countryside life. William Shakespeare's life and times have been very extensively researched and documented and much is therefore known about Wilmcote from the time of Mary Arden onwards.
Cultural references.
It is the consensus among scholars that the Induction of "The Taming of The Shrew" is set in rural Warwickshire. One character mentioned, however, allows for a greater localization - to the village of Wilmcote. Sly, the drunken tinker, beseeches the Lord: ""Ask Marian Hacket, the fat ale-wife of Wincot, if she know me not"" [Ind.2.18-19]. The minutes of the Stratford Corporation, 11 November 1584 (approximately a decade before the play), mention "the tythes of Wyncote", the very spelling of the village that appears in the Folio text of The Shrew.

</doc>
<doc id="2841854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841854" title="Canebrake, West Virginia">
Canebrake, West Virginia

Canebrake is an unincorporated community located in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA. Canbrake was named for a thicket of canes in its vicinity. It has also been spelled Canebreak in its past. It is mentioned in the book The Road by Cormac McCarthy

</doc>
<doc id="2841865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841865" title="Utah's 1st congressional district">
Utah's 1st congressional district

Utah's 1st congressional district serves the northern area of Utah, including the cities of Ogden, Logan, and the northern half of the Great Salt Lake.
The current member of the United States House of Representatives from the district is Republican Rob Bishop.
President George W. Bush received 73% of the vote in this district in 2004. Scoring a Cook Partisan Voting Index (CPVI) of R+26 in 2004, the 1st Congressional District narrowly beat three other Congressional Districts which scored R+25 to become the most Republican district in the nation. 
Voting.
Election results from presidential races
List of representatives.
Until 1913, the district was the only district, elected statewide At-large.
District borders are periodically redrawn and some district residences may no longer be in this district.
Election results.
1912.
Note: The 1912 election consisted of an all-party election to the two at-large seats. Howell was elected to the first at-large seat, while Johnson was elected to the second at-large seat.

</doc>
<doc id="2841869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841869" title="Chardonel">
Chardonel

Chardonel is a late ripening white wine hybrid grape which can produce a high quality wine with varietal character. It is a result of a cross made by the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station of the popular French American hybrid Seyval and the classic vitis vinifera Chardonnay. It is distinguished by its superior wine quality combined with high productivity and cold hardiness superior to its acclaimed parent Chardonnay. The vine is vigorous and productive, producing green grapes with large clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="2841872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841872" title="Charles Ware">
Charles Ware

Charles Ware may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841881" title="Sulley Muntari">
Sulley Muntari

Suleyman Ali "Sulley" Muntari (; born 27 August 1984) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Italian club Milan. 
During his time at Internazionale, he helped the team win the Champions League in 2009–10 and the Serie A title in 2008–09 and 2009–10. He was also part of the Portsmouth team that won the FA Cup in 2007–08. A full international for Ghana since 2002, he has earned over 80 caps for the national team and has been selected for two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments and all three of their World Cups.
He is the elder brother of CFR Cluj player Sulley Muniru.
Club career.
Early career.
Muntari's abilities first came to light in youth tournaments, while he was playing for Liberty Professionals youth team. He became a regular member of Ghana U20 team at the age of 16 as they finished runners-up at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina, losing out to the hosts in the final. Despite impressing during a trial with Manchester United after the tournament, he ended up joining Italian club Udinese.
Udinese.
He joined Udinese in 2001, where his first season was spent in the reserves. He made his first-team debut on 6 November 2002, against Milan. The Rossoneri proved too strong on the day, yet Udinese's young newcomer left an instant impression. "Muntari was immense against Milan," enthused monthly magazine "Football Italia", "showing himself to possess the touch of Kaká and the combativeness of Edgar Davids, he is definitely a player to keep a close eye on."
In his second full season, he made 23 appearances, and increased his standing to 33 appearances the following season, although indiscipline saw him sent off three times in 16 matches in the 2006–07 season. He left Udinese for Portsmouth after five seasons.
Portsmouth.
Muntari had already indicated a desire to move to the Premier League, when in early 2007 transfer bids were received from Portsmouth. He eventually opted for Portsmouth and transferred on 30 May 2007, for a new club record fee, believed to be around £7.1 million, signing a five-year contract. He was a regular member of the first XI throughout the 2007–08 season playing 29 League matches and scoring four goals. He had his debut on 11 August 2007 against Derby County in an away game. His performance of note was away at Aston Villa where he scored two spectacular long-range goals. He also played four FA Cup matches, scoring the winner from the penalty spot in a 1–0 victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford in the Sixth Round of the FA Cup. He was in the starting XI that won the 2008 FA Cup Final at the Wembley Stadium. He left Fratton Park after one season to join Inter Milan.
Inter Milan.
On 2 March 2007, it was reported in the Italian press that Inter Milan were preparing a summer offer for the midfielder. Injuries to Esteban Cambiasso and Patrick Vieira underlined just how short of ball-winning midfielders the "Nerazzurri" were and they would remedy that problem in June 2007. Transfer consultants Marco Branca and Gabriele Oriali were looking around Europe for possible options and Muntari seemed to be their man at the insistence of coach Roberto Mancini, although Muntari ultimately went to Portsmouth in the summer of 2007. But on 21 July 2008 Italian newspaper "La Repubblica" reported that with the probable failure of new Inter coach José Mourinho to land his former Chelsea protégé Frank Lampard, Muntari was now his first choice central midfielder. The reports gathered pace in the Italian press in the next few days that Muntari had already agreed a four-year contract with Inter. But Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp told Sky Sports News "I don't want to sell him. He is one of my best players and is a terrific young talent" when quizzed about Inter's supposed interest in Muntari.
On 24 July 2008, "BBC" and "Gazzetta dello Sport" reported that Muntari would complete a €16 million plus bonuses move to Inter. He finally completed his move to Inter on 28 July 2008 and wore the number 20 jersey, previously worn by Álvaro Recoba for many years.
On 22 November 2008, Muntari scored the winner, redirecting a wayward Zlatan Ibrahimović shot, in the "Derby d'Italia" against rivals Juventus. Two weeks later, Muntari scored a backheel goal against Napoli at the San Siro after a great cross from Maicon, a match that ended 2–1 for Inter. In the very last Serie A match of the season on 31 May 2009 versus Atalanta, he opened the scoring for Inter after blasting in a Luís Figo cross from outside the penalty box. Later, his shot on goal was parried by the goalkeeper but Esteban Cambiasso scored from the rebound to make the score 3–3. Inter eventually won 4–3 and Muntari won his first "Scudetto" after his first season with the club.
In August 2009, his manager Jose Mourinho again found himself causing controversy after commenting that Muntari, a practicing Muslim, was lacking fitness and energy due to fasting during the month of Ramadan. He was reported to have said "Muntari had some problems related to Ramadan, perhaps with this heat it's not good for him to be doing this fasting. Ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match." However, since these comments many Muslims and non-Muslims have come out in defence of Mourinho, saying that no offense was meant towards the player, but while the manager could have been more tactful in his treatment of the issue it stands to reason that a lack of food and water will affect a player's stamina and energy level.
On 15 January 2011, Inter technical director Marco Branca confirmed Muntari had handed in an official transfer request. A number of Premier League clubs were speculated to be interested in Muntari.
Sunderland (loan).
On 26 January 2011, Premier League club Sunderland were given permission to hold talks with Muntari, if agreed he would go on loan to the North East club. On 29 January, Muntari signed for Sunderland on loan from Inter until the end of the season. On 7 May 2011, he was initially credited with his first and only goal in a 2–1 win over Bolton Wanderers, but this was subsequently recorded as a Zat Knight own goal.
On 13 May 2011, Sunderland decided not to sign Muntari on a permanent basis, and he returned to Inter.
Milan.
On 31 January 2012, Muntari joined Milan on loan. On 19 February 2012, Muntari scored his first goal as a Milan player on his debut, in a Serie A away match against Cesena, which Milan won 3–1. On 25 February 2012, Muntari scored an infamous header against Juventus from a cross of Emanuelson, but however the goal was disallowed despite clearly crossing the line by a distance that was later technologically measured to be over 30 centimeters and the match ended 1–1. Juventus went on to win the Serie A title that year beating Milan to the Scudetto by four points and many people saw that exact moment as the biggest and most controversial moment of the title race. On 10 April 2012, he scored the only goal in a Milan win at Chievo, giving his team an edge in the title race. On 2 May 2012, Muntari scored a goal against Atalanta, in a game that ended 2–0, and brought Milan one point behind leaders Juventus.
Massimiliano Allegri said to Milan Channel that Muntari would play with Milan for a further two years until June 2014 in May 2012. Muntari officially signed for Milan on a free transfer after his Inter contract expired on 1 July 2012. While on holiday in the off-season, Muntari picked up a knee injury playing beach football that could keep him out for the entire first half of the 2012–13 season. On 20 February 2013, Muntari scored a goal to give Milan a two goal lead against Barcelona ahead of the 2nd leg in the last 16 tie in the UEFA Champions League. However it was not enough as Barcelona knocked Milan out in the return leg at the Nou Camp.
In 8 May 2013, Muntari scored his first goal in 2012–13 season, in a match against Pescara, which Milan won 4–0. On 13 May 2013, Muntari was fined €10,000 and suspended for the last match of the 2012–13 season and opening game of the 2013–14 season after being sent off during a game against AS Roma for grabbing referee Gianluca Rocchi while protesting a call. On the 16 December Muntari scored a late goal against AS Roma to salvage a 2-2 draw. He was however sent off for the following match against his former club Inter Milan when he hit Zdravko Kuzmanović and was banned for three matches.
On 18 June 2014 Muntari signed a new 2-year contract with Milan.
International career.
Youth.
Muntari represented Black Starlets at 2001 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup, including a 1–1 draw with Portugal U18 and losing to Italy U18 0–1.
Muntari then was chosen for the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship as Ghana took second place.
Senior.
He won his first senior cap against Slovenia on 17 May 2002, and became a regular fixture in the team as The Black Stars opened their 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
He was selected for the Olympic side at Athens 2004, but was sent home for disciplinary reasons. This started a dispute between Muntari and his federation, and he said that he would refuse to play for his country again, beating the record for the youngest international retirement. He retracted, making a public apology to the federation, and was selected for the 2006 World Cup squad. He played in the first two matches, a 2–0 defeat by Italy and a 2–0 win over the Czech Republic, in which he scored, but having received a yellow cards in each game, he was suspended for the game against the United States, but returned for the second round match against Brazil, in which Ghana was eliminated.
He remained a regular member of the team, and appeared in the 2008 African Cup of Nations side, scoring the winner in the first group match against Guinea and the second goal in the last group match against Morocco. He scored his 3rd goal of the tournament when he scored a freekick against Côte d'Ivoire in the 3rd place play off. His goal against Guinea, a 25-metre left-footed pile-driver in the 89th minute was voted one of the Best Goals of the Tournament.
He was voted as an All-Star Player during the 2008 African Cup of Nations Tournament in Ghana. The Team of the Tournament was decided by the Technical Study Group (TSG) after careful observations of all the tournament's matches.
Although expected to play for Ghana in the 2010 African Cup of Nations in Angola, Muntari was excluded from the national team due to disciplinary problems. After purposefully missing an international friendly against Angola, he also snubbed a meeting with coach Milovan Rajevac. Muntari later issued a full apology to his country and coach.
Muntari was selected for Ghana's 2010 FIFA World Cup squad. After not being included in the starting line-up for the team's first two matches, Muntari was reportedly expelled from the squad for insulting Rajevac and his teammates. However, after an intervention by former captain Stephen Appiah, he was reinstated and went on to make two further substitute appearances against Germany and the United States before starting the quarter final against Uruguay in place of the suspended André Ayew. During the match Muntari scored a long range effort in first half stoppage time, putting Ghana ahead 1–0 at half-time.
On 2 June 2014, Muntari was named in Ghana's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In the team's opening match, he was in the starting line-up for the Black Stars against the United States in a 2–1 defeat.
Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng were sacked from the Black Stars camp in Brazil and suspended indefinitely from the Ghana squad on 26 June 2014 for disciplinary reasons, only hours before the final Group match against Portugal. Muntari reportedly assaulted Moses Armah, a member of Ghana manager James Kwesi Appiah's coaching staff.
Personal life.
In December 2010, Muntari married Ghanaian businesswoman Menaye Donkor. He is a practising Muslim. He observes fasting during the Islamic month of Ramadan. His younger brother is Sulley Muniru who plays for CFR Cluj in the Romanian Liga I.

</doc>
<doc id="2841889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841889" title="Caretta, West Virginia">
Caretta, West Virginia

Caretta is an unincorporated community located in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA. Caretta was named for the transposed syllables in the name of Mrs. Etta Carter, the wife of George Lafayette Carter. It is the only place in the United States with this name.
This coal town was originally owned first by The Virginia Pocahontas Coal Company, then by the Carter Coal Company, and the final operators in Caretta were the Consolidation Coal Company.
Caretta is home to the Big Creek People in Action, an organization founded in 1990 by citizens of McDowell County, West Virginia in order to improve the local quality of life. The organization also boasts partnerships with numerous colleges, churches, and other groups who volunteer in the area.
Caretta's coal mine was connected to the mine in nearby Coalwood, West Virginia, made famous in the book "Rocket Boys".
The Carter Coal Company Store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2841895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841895" title="Rules of Decision Act">
Rules of Decision Act

The Rules of Decision Act requires that federal courts apply state law in their decisions arising out of diversity jurisdiction, unless there is a Federal Statutory Law on point. As established in Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins there is no such thing as Federal General Common Law, so whenever there is no Federal Statute on point, State Law must be used.
This act came from Section 34 of the Judiciary Act of 1789. It is now codified, in slightly different form, in .
It states that:
The laws of the several states, except where the Constitution or treaties of the United States or Acts of Congress otherwise require or provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision in civil actions in the courts of the United States, in cases where they apply.
Its interpretation, especially the meaning of "the laws of the several states," was central to the issue in Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins.
This interpretation has been called into question by Professor Wilfrid J. Ritz. At the time of the drafting of the Rules of Decision Act, modern reporting standards of state opinions did not exist. Reporting of these decisions was not regular until the nineteenth century. Therefore, at the time the Rules of Decision Act was written, there would have been no manner by which federal courts could have ascertained the common law of the states.
Rather, Professor Ritz opined that "Section 34 is a direction to the national courts to apply American law, as distinguished from English law. American law is to be found in the 'laws of the several states' viewed as a group of eleven states in 1789, and not viewed separately and individually. It is not a direction to apply the law of a particular state, for if it had been so intended, the section would have referred to the 'laws of the respective states.'" Wilfrid Ritz, Rewriting the History of the Judiciary Act of 1789 at 51 (Wythe Holt & Lewis H. LaRue eds., 1990)

</doc>
<doc id="2841907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841907" title="Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa">
Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa

Although "Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa" had actually been slated for a North American release in , Howard Lincoln of Nintendo turned it down, saying that it wasn't good enough for the American market. On June 9, it was finally released in North America for Wii's Virtual Console service.
Story.
"Upa is the prince of a magical kingdom and the most recent in a line of brave fighters. One day, though, he broke an urn containing the spirit of Zai, an incredibly evil goatish demon who takes the life force of the kingdom's adults and kidnaps all the babies - except for Upa, who is given a magical rattle by a fairy who was trapped in the urn along with Zai. And so, in order to save his kingdom, Upa crawls into action..."
Gameplay.
"Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa"'s main character is a baby called Upa that uses a rattle to attack his enemies. When injured by the rattle, the enemy inflates and floats away. These inflated enemies can then be used as temporary floating platforms to climb to higher places or they can also be used as weapons if pushed in any direction. If used as a platform, Upa must not stay on top for too long or otherwise it will explode. But if used as a weapon, Upa has to pounce or use his rattle on the inflated enemy to cause it to careen. The enemy will then ricochet off objects and potentially cause damage to both the protagonist and other enemies if it comes in contact with them.
The game uses a health meter to monitor the player's remaining life which can be replenished by obtaining bottles of milk scattered throughout the levels. A heart icon can also be obtained, increasing the maximum health by one unit for the duration of the current world.
Most items, including the milk bottles and hearts, can be collected by striking special blocks which feature Upa's face. Other items include: Apples, which increase the player's score; hourglasses, which temporarily freeze enemies in place; bells, which give Upa temporary invincibility and the ability to run; and scorpion blocks, which kills all enemies on screen when it is pushed off a platform and hits the ground.
Release history.
Cartridge version.
In 1993, it was released as a cartridge for the Family Computer itself. While it is practically identical
to the Disk System version of the game, there are a few differences. The most notable difference is in the game's sound. The Family Computer Disk System contained an extra audio channel not available in the Family Computer/NES games. To compensate for the missing audio channel, the music in the Family Computer cartridge version had to be remixed. Also, added to the Family Computer version was a difficulty option. Now, the player is given a choice between an "Easy" mode (where enemy damage is reduced and the player starts with more lives) and a "Normal" mode, which is the same difficulty as the original FDS version. Finally, among the smallest of alterations to the game is the title screen, which no longer contains a large image of Upa when it is first displayed.
Mobile Phones Version.
In 2006, Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa was released for mobile phones.
Virtual Console.
On June 3, 2008, the Family Computer Disk System version of "Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa" was made available in Japan for Wii's Virtual Console download service. The same version was also released in North America on June 9, 2008 and in Europe on August 29, 2008, as an import, sold at a price of 600 Wii Points.
Other Appearances.
Upa has many guest appearances to other Konami games. In these works the sister, "Le" may also appear together.
Upa forms have appeared in character as one of the main character Rikkuru transformation of the robot. Performance is close to this work.
Konami's Parodius series is a cartoonish scrolling shooter with bizarre and nonsensical enemies and theme. In the Super Famicom release of the third title of the Parodius series a flying version of Upa and his sister Rupa (a pink, palette swapped second player character) appear as space ships with milk bottle missiles. In addition, one level features burrowing through a candy filled cake similar to the one in Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa.
Upa and Rupa appeared again as playable "space ships" in Konami's surrealist shooter series.
Game Music "BEMANI series" One. "Pop'n music 9" by, arranged by T. Uchida and the BGM of this work can Mr.T "What I Upa? (Genre: Bio Miracle)" has been recorded. Guest appearances and songs as well as a character in charge of Upa, Upa and Le as the player character (2P color) can be used. In the arcade version of "9" is still in the works since the acquisition.
In addition, Le is "ee'MALL 2nd avenue" was delivered in "Twinbee" music arrangement of "Twin Bee ~ Generation X ~" There is a character that had been in charge of the PlayStation 2 "pop'n music 13 Carnival "was also included," - 17 THE MOVIE "later appeared in the character himself responsible for Twinbee anymore.
At i-appli version was ported for 2006, from copyright issues, "The Goonies' Mikey's behalf as a character, has appeared with the cake-conscious stage of this work. Version also appeared S! Applications and BREW versions later.
The main theme has been included in the creation mode to fight songs of the sample songs and cheering Purosupi Power Pro.

</doc>
<doc id="2841916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841916" title="Foulsham">
Foulsham

"This article is about the place. For the publishing company see W. Foulsham & Company Limited."
Foulsham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The Village is miles west south west of Cromer, miles north west of Norwich and miles north east of London. The village lies miles north north east of the town of East Dereham. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
History.
The village's name derives from 'sham,' or home, and 'foul,' from the bird.
Foulsham has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Foulsham is recorded by the name "Folsam" and "Folsham" it is said to be in the ownership of the King before and after 1066 and Walter Gifford from the king and in the custody of Godric The survey also notes two churches, a mill, twelve cattle, four hundred pigs, fifty Goats and 13 sesters of Honey.
Puritan emigration.
The village gave its name to a family of Puritan dissidents who fled England for the town of Hingham, Massachusetts, (and later Exeter, New Hampshire) and whose spelling of the name was slightly changed to Folsom.
In World War 2 RAF Foulsham played host to No. 100 Group RAF, a special operations unit who flew bombers including the Handley Page Halifax and De Havilland Mosquito in electronic warfare missions. All that remain now are a couple of dilapidated hangars and a few small outbuildings.
The village is largely unspoilt, with a number of attractive 16th and 17th century buildings.
Before Dr. Beeching closed many railway lines in the early 1960s, The village had its own railway station on the line between Dereham and Wroxham.

</doc>
<doc id="2841917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841917" title="Spy-fi">
Spy-fi

Spy-fi is a subgenre of spy fiction that includes elements of science fiction.
Definition and characteristics.
It often uses a secret agent (solo or in a team) or superspy whose mission is a showcase of science fiction elements such as technology and ideas used for extortion, plots for world domination or world destruction, futuristic weapons, gadgets and fast vehicles that can travel on land, fly, or sail on or under the sea. Spy-fi does not necessarily present espionage as it is practiced in reality. It is escapist fantasy that emphasizes glamour, adventure and derring-do. Note that not all spy-fi includes all elements mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="2841918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841918" title="Niederegger">
Niederegger

J. G. Niederegger GmbH & Co. KG is a producer of marzipan and sweets. It is based in Lübeck, Germany.
Niederegger was founded by Johann Georg Niederegger on 1 March 1806 in Lübeck and is since known for their marzipan for about 200 years. The company is a family-owned limited private partnership.
Niederegger marzipan is classed as 100% marzipan and contains much less sugar in comparison to other marzipan makers.
In the town center of Lübeck, the always-crowded "Café Niederegger" offers a café, a shop for Niederegger sweets, and a marzipan museum on its upper floors.

</doc>
<doc id="2841927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841927" title="Brompton Bicycle">
Brompton Bicycle

Brompton Bicycle is a manufacturer of folding bicycles based in Brentford, London.
The Brompton folding bicycle and accessories are the company's core product, noted for its self-supporting compact size when stored. All available models of the folding bicycle are based on the same hinged bicycle frame and 16 inch (37×349 mm) bicycle wheel tyre size. Components are added, removed, or replaced by titanium parts to form the many variations. The modular design has remained fundamentally unchanged since the original patent was filed by Andrew Ritchie in 1979, with small details being refined by continual improvement. Ritchie was awarded the 2009 Prince Philip Designers Prize for work on the bicycle. In reviews of folding bicycles, the Brompton is often the winner.
Brompton is the largest volume bicycle manufacturer in Britain.
Approximately 22,000 bicycles are produced by the company each year, of which 70 percent are exported.
Design.
All Brompton folding bicycle models share the same curved frame, consisting of a hinged main tube, pivoting rear triangle, fork, and hinged handle-bar stem. The main tube and stem are made of steel in all models. The rear triangle and fork are either steel or titanium, depending on model. The steel sections are joined by brazing – not welding. Wheels are rim size, carrying tyres with 16″ tread diameter. The handlebars and some peripheral components are aluminium.
A Brompton bicycle uses over 1,200 individual pieces, 80% of which are manufactured solely for the Brompton design.
The Brompton uses a combined rear fold and suspension design. During riding, the rear triangle rests on a rubber spring to provide suspension between the rear wheel and the main frame supporting the rider. The suspension block is kept in compression by the rider's weight. A factory-fitted firm suspension block is offered as an alternative to the standard block for heavier riders or those wanting a more responsive ride. There is no suspension for the front wheel, although the titanium forks of the Superlight versions provide a small amount of spring.
The fold.
The elements which allow the fold to work are:
The final folded package is and weighs between 9–12.5 kg (20–28 lb) depending on the configuration. The standard saddle of 2009 and later models acts as a carrying handle for the folded bike, with finger-grip ridges on the underside. With practice, folding and unfolding takes between 10–20 seconds, making the Brompton popular with commuters.
Models.
Models are signified with a letter each side of a number to describe the handle bar type, number of gears and factory attached fixtures respectively. A suffix is appended to show the inclusion of titanium upgrades. As an example, the model code of "M3R" refers to classic "M" handle bars, "3" gear speeds using an internal hub and an "R" for having a rear rack. The same model making use of titanium for some parts would be "M3R-X".
Factory additions.
All models may have the wheels on the corners of the rack replaced with larger eazy wheels, to aid pushing when folded and to give greater heel clearance than the stock rollers. All models can choose to have no lights, lighting powered from battery, or two variants of front wheel hub dynamo. Seat posts can be swapped between standard length, extended or telescopic for tall riders (titanium and, later, aluminium equivalents previously fitted to the lightweight models are no longer available). Bicycles are offered in four colours at no additional charge: Black, White, Orange and Cobalt Blue. Other colours, raw lacquer, and titanium are available at extra cost. Titanium areas are left unpainted, in their natural titanium colour. The standard Brompton saddle can be substituted by a Brooks B17 Special leather saddle ladies' or men's versions. Non-titanium models have braze-on fittings for holding the supplied Zefal HP compact high-pressure bicycle pump.
All models may have the front luggage block fitted to carry cargo, this is fitted to the main frame (rather than to the forks or handle bars) to avoid interference with the steering. Hub dynamo option use a special narrow-width SON XS hub dynamo fitted at the centre of the front-wheel and manufactured by Schmidt Maschinenbau or a less expensive hub dynamo manufactured by Shimano.
A full "superlight" variant uses titanium to save weight, combined with lighter wheel components. The option replaces the rear triangle and front forks with titanium and other smaller parts with titanium or aluminium. The main frame structure remains steel. This upgrade represents the largest cost increase of any upgrade, and reduces some variants to below ten kilograms in weight. The titanium rear triangle has no provision for mounting a pump, and a pump is not supplied with titanium models, saving approximately .
Tyres can be swapped at any point between kevlar-based Brompton-branded tyres, lighter, faster Schwalbe Kojak or more robust and puncture-resistant Schwalbe Marathon. Whilst no longer factory fitted, Brompton bicycles originally used Raleigh Record tyres and continued to do so on the lower end model until the 2000s. Aftermarket tyres include the Schwalbe Marathon Plus, a heavy but very puncture-resistant model.
Accessories.
A small saddle bag can be fitted behind the saddle for the Brompton cover and any tools or spares. Most of the handlebar types can also accommodate standard handlebar bags.
When fitted with a front luggage block, Brompton offers a choice of folding basket, large touring pannier (the T-bag), two variants of bicycle-messenger style flip-over bag (the S- or the larger C-bag), a waterproof option available in two colors manufactured by Ortlieb, the cotton duck canvas bike bureau known as the "City Folder" from Carradice, or a leather attaché case (the A-bag) can be attached to the bicycle. These bags internally share a common design of luggage frame, which can also be used separately. In the case of the Carradice bag, this frame must be purchased separately from some retailers.
History.
Design changes have generally been introduced so they can be retrofitted on earlier models.
Customisation.
Further modifications are provided by some Brompton dealers or skilled individuals, the most prominent examples being:
Replacements.
Brompton owners and designers with suitable engineering expertise have tried to improve the design, although there is limited scope to do so as any additions attached are likely to compromise either the final folded size, carried weight or folding action.
Company.
In 1976 Andrew Ritchie founded the company, named after the Brompton Oratory, a landmark visible from his bedroom workshop where the first prototypes were built. At the time he was working as a gardener. Ritchie obtained backing from friends and sought to license the design, but after five years began manufacturing the bicycle design himself. Production ground to a halt in 1982 after which Ritchie continued to explore possibilities for continued manufacturing whilst undertaking other jobs.
Finally in 1986, again with backing from friends and former customers, enough was raised to resume production on a larger scale. With a bank loan underwritten by Julian Vereker (founder of Naim Audio), production was restarted in a railway arch in Brentford. By early 1988, mass-production Brompton bicycles were once again in circulation.
In March 2009, Brompton Bicycle achieved a record monthly turnover of just under £1 million; the employees were rewarded with fish and chips. In the same month, the company stated that it was hoping to continue a 25% rate of growth; partially enabled by switching to just-in-time stocking for some of the parts being sourced from suppliers, and by having those suppliers hold the stock until it is needed rather than parts living for periods at the Brompton factory.
The company was awarded The Queen's Award for Export in 1995.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 21 April 2010, the company was awarded two Queen's Awards for Enterprise, in the Innovation and International Trade categories. This was the second time Brompton had won the International Trade Award, they first received it in 1995. It is very rare for a company to receive two of these awards in one year.
Clones and licensing.
In 1992, Brompton agreed with Euro-Tai in Taiwan to allow the manufacture of a licensed copy of the Brompton bicycle for distribution in Eastern Asia. A joint venture company called Neobike was then established to manufacture them. Brompton Bicycle in the United Kingdom would loan tools and drawings, and be paid on a per-unit royalty basis.
By mid-1992, Neobike had recruited three senior research and development employees from Dahon, another folding bicycle company, and had started to produce other designs and copies in addition to the official Brompton design. Brompton's licensing contract with Euro-Tai/Neobike lasted approximately ten years until it expired on 31 December 2002. By this time, five senior Neobike employees had been convicted and jailed for stealing trade secrets from Dahon and Ritchie had previously stated that the franchise contract had been "under review", there having been quality issues with the Asian-built Brompton bicycles. Euro-Tai and Neobike failed to return the Brompton-specific tooling loaned by Brompton Bicycle. One week later after the expiration of the official licensing agreement Euro-Tai sold its controlling stake in Neobike to YTE Manufacturing, an aluminium supplier that was already involved with producing frames for Neobike.
At the 2003 Eurobike trade show, Neobike exhibited their—now unsanctioned—clone of the Brompton, offering it to potential dealers within Europe. Neobike-produced copies of the Brompton bicycle were then imported into The Netherlands branded as the "Scoop One" and "Astra Flex V3". Later, Neobike's interests in its copy-bicycle business were transferred to an entity called Grace Gallant Enterprises, for sale under the brand "Flamingo". Between 2004 and 2010, several batches of copies were imported into the European market: into the United Kingdom under the name "Merc", into Belgium, and into Spain as the "Nishiki Oxford". Taiwanese-manufactured clones bear the model numbers FL-BP01-3/FL-BP01-7 standing for Flamingo, "Best Persuader", 3-speed/7-speed.
Court cases.
Following the expiry of the Brompton patent, Brompton Bicycle's legal actions against Neobike/Grace Gallant have all been brought on the basis of copyright- and industrial design-law.
A court case was held at the Groningen civil court in the Netherlands on 24 May 2006, which ruled that the industrial design of the Brompton folding bicycle was protected by copyright. Additionally, the Neobike-provided manual had included direct copies of those drawings found in the Brompton user manual. The "" ruling held that there was creative flexibility in the design for a bicycle beyond those choices made "purely" for functional reasons; in the Brompton case this included the M-style handlebars, curved main frame tube and the cable-placement. Each of these were noted to be distinctive design decisions that another manufacturer could change without compromising the ability to create a functional folding bicycle. Such a level of perceived similarity was therefore likely to cause "confusion in the market" under the Dutch copyright law, Article 13. Neobike did not choose to appeal and Brompton Bicycle was granted the right to have all of the imported bicycles destroyed with an injunction against future imports by Neobike's distributors.
In June 2010, Brompton Bicycle gained a further injunction against the import of the unlicensed copy Brompton models into Spain, this time under the name "Nishiki Oxford Bicycle". The case was decided on the basis that Grace Gallant predecessors' had not returned all of Brompton Bicycle Ltd's drawing and toolings upon the termination of the earlier Eurotai/Neobike franchise agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="2841929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841929" title="Joseph O'Doherty">
Joseph O'Doherty

Joseph O'Doherty (1891 – 10 August 1979) was an Irish politician. He was born in Derry, Ireland and was educated at St Columb's College and St Patrick's College, Drumcondra where he qualified as a teacher. He later attended King's Inns where he qualified as a barrister.
He was a member of the Irish Volunteers Executive which helped plan the Easter Rising of 1916 and would remain on the Executive until 1921. He was arrested after the Easter Rising.
He was elected as a Sinn Féin Member of Parliament for Donegal North at the 1918 general election defeating his Irish Parliamentary Party opponent. In 1919 Sinn Féin candidates who had been elected in the Westminster election of 1918 refused to recognise the Parliament of the United Kingdom and instead assembled as a unicameral, revolutionary parliament called "Dáil Éireann". The establishment of the First Dáil occurred on the same day as the outbreak of the Irish War of Independence.
He was re-elected at the 1921 general election and opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty. He was subsequently re-elected as Anti-Treaty Sinn Féin and as an abstentionist republican in 1922 and 1923 respectively. He was part of the Republican mission to the United States of America from 1922–24 and 1925–26.
In 1926 he left the party's Ard Fheis with Éamon de Valera and became a founder member of Fianna Fáil. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election and was elected to the Seanad in 1928, serving as one of Fianna Fáil's first six elected Senators under the leadership of Joseph Connolly. He was re-elected to the Dáil in the 1933 general election. From 1929–33 Joseph also served as the County Manager of Carlow and Kildare
In 1936 O'Doherty successfully sued Ernie O'Malley for libel. The incident in question involved a raid Michael Collins had proposed to take place on 1 October 1919 at Moville, County Donegal. O'Malley, in his book "On Another Man's Wound," had implied that O'Doherty had refused to go. In fact it had been agreed, without O'Doherty's intervention, that it would be inapproriate for a member of the Dáil to be involved.
He died in 1979, the third last surviving member of the First Dáil, and is buried in the Republican Plot in Glasnevin Cemetery Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="2841930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841930" title="Cucumber, West Virginia">
Cucumber, West Virginia

Cucumber is a census-designated place (CDP) in McDowell County, West Virginia. As of the 2010 census, its population was 94. It is centered around mining. Named either for nearby Cucumber Creek or for the cucumber trees in the area, it is the only community in the United States with this name. Its post office was still active as of October 2011 (see image).
Mine collapse.
On January 13, 2007, a tunnel collapse at a Brooks Run Mining Company coal mine killed two miners in the town. Between 2005 and 2008, the Brooks Mining Company extracted 2,093,165 tons of coal.

</doc>
<doc id="2841931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841931" title="Caborrojeños Pro Salud y Ambiente">
Caborrojeños Pro Salud y Ambiente

Caborrojeños Pro Salud y Ambiente, Inc. (Caborrojeños for Health and Environment) is an environmentalist organization based in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico.
The organization was founded in 1990 by a group of concerned residents who wanted to improve the livings standards of Cabo Rojo and Puerto Rico in general. The organization's first president and main driving force was Efrén Pérez Rivera, an ecologist and retired professor of the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez. The group has been involved in several major projects including the creation of a visitors' center, the Centro Interpretativo, in the Salinas area, near the Los Morrillos Lighthouse, where volunteers provide guided walking tours that allow visitors to experience the local wildlife and fauna.
The group was also actively involved in the preservation of Isla de Ratones (Mice Island), a small island off the coast of Cabo Rojo. The island has been suffering from significant erosion during the past decades. Caborrojeños Pro Salud y Ambiente, with the help of the local government, planted mangroves and launched a project to repopulate the local coral population in order to stop the erosion.
The group was part of the alliance of environmental groups that fought the installation the carbon power station Cogentrix.
Caborrojeños Pro Salud y Ambiente was actively involved in the reconstruction effort of the Los Morrillos Lighthouse, achieving a grant from the U.S. Federal government to restore the historic building. However, political moves and the inactivity of Cabo Rojo mayor Santos Padilla doomed the plan and the federal grant was lost.
In 1999, the group received the Urban Community Award, presented by the Puerto Rico Forestry Conference Annual Convention. In 2003, the organization was awarded the Environmental Protection Agency Environmental Quality Award The group was also recognized by the Miranda Foundation.
The current president is retired college professor Dr. Pedro Valle Carlo.

</doc>
<doc id="2841938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841938" title="Franciszek Trześniewski">
Franciszek Trześniewski

__NOTOC__
Franciszek Trześniewski (; died 1939) was an early 20th-century Polish gourmand and cook. Born in Kraków, at that time belonging to Eastern-Galicia (Austro-Hungarian-Monarchy), he is notable for the restaurant-bar he opened in Vienna in 1902, shortly before World War I. His specialite de la maison were open sandwiches made of fresh, local dark bread cut into the typical rectangle-form with various spreads. After his death the bar was run by his daughter, Maria Trześniewska, who sold it in 1978.
Nowadays the "Trześniewski" restaurant at Dorotheergasse 1, in Vienna, is considered one of the best in town and is one of only three restaurants of the city centre advertised by the official municipal website. In all, there are 8 outlets in the city, each selling more than 20 various types of sandwiches, along with a "Pfiff" of Beer (a small glass, 1/8l) or Vodka. The official motto of the company is "Unspeakably good sandwiches", a reference to the Polish name of the founder, which is said to be unpronounceable to most German speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="2841942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841942" title="Hungry Hobo">
Hungry Hobo

Hungry Hobo is a sandwich-style restaurant chain with eleven locations in the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa and one in Galesburg, Illinois. Pryce T. Boeye and Kris Beardsley are the current owners.
The company was founded in 1973 when Ray Pearson, Tom Spero, and Jim and Joe Gende converted three Little King franchises to the original Hungry Hobo locations. The three Little King locations were in Moline, Davenport and Rock Island. The concept was expanded to multiple locations.
In 2006, the company closed all locations outside of the Quad Cities, including locations in Iowa City and Muscatine.
In 2013, the company celebrated their 40th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="2841957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841957" title="Myositis ossificans">
Myositis ossificans

Myositis ossificans comprises two syndromes characterized by heterotopic ossification (calcification) of muscle.
Classification.
Most (i.e. 80%) ossifications arise in the thigh or arm, and are caused by a premature return to activity after an injury. Other sites include intercostal spaces, erector spinae, pectoralis muscles, glutei, and the chest. On planar x-ray, hazy densities are sometimes noted approximately one month after injury, while the denser opacities eventually seen may not be apparent until two months have passed.
Pathophysiology of myositis ossificans traumatica.
The specific cause and pathophysiology are unclear - it may be caused by an interaction between local factors (e.g., a reserve of available calcium in adjacent skeletal tissue or soft tissue edema, vascular stasis tissue hypoxia or mesenchymal cells with osteoblastic activity) and unknown systemic factors. The basic mechanism is the inappropriate differentiation of fibroblasts into bone-forming cells (osteoblasts). Early edema of connective tissue proceeds to tissue with foci of calcification and then to maturation of calcification and osifications
Sonographic diagnosis.
Calcification is typically depicted 2 weeks earlier at US when compared to radiographs. The lesion develops in two distinct stages with different presentations at US. In the early stage, termed immature, it is depicts a non-specific soft tissue mass that ranges from a hypoechoic area with an outer sheet-like hyperechoic peripheral rim to a highly echogenic area with variable shadowing. In the late stage, termed mature, myositis ossificans is depicted as an elongated calcific deposit that is aligned with the long-axis of the muscle, exhibits acoustic shadowing, and has no soft tissue mass associated. US may suggest the diagnosis at early stage, but imaging features need to evolve with successive maturation of the lesion and formation of the characteristic late stage changes before they become pathognomonic.
The differential diagnosis includes many tumoral and nontumoral pathologies. A main concern is to differentiate early myositis ossificans from malignant soft-tissue tumors, and the latter is suggested by a fast-growing process. If clinical or sonographic findings are dubious and extraosseous sarcoma is suspected, biopsy should be performed. At histology, detection of the typical zonal phenomenon is diagnostic of myositis ossificans, though microscopic findings may be misleading during the early stage.
Radiologic diagnosis.
The radiological features of myositis ossificans are ‘faint soft tissue calcification within 2–6 weeks, (may have well-defined
bony margins by 8 weeks) separated from periosteum by lucent zone and on CT, the characteristic feature is peripheral ossification’.
Prevention.
Radiation therapy subsequent to the injury or as a preventive measure of recurrence may be applied but its usefulness is inconclusive.
if the surgery performed next step in accordance with literature postoperative single low-dose radiation with 3 weeks of oral indomethacin regimen will be preventive for recurrence.
Treatment.
Treatment is initially conservative, as some patients' calcifications will spontaneously be reabsorbed, and others will have minimal symptoms. In occasional cases, surgical debridement of the abnormal tissue is required, although success of such therapy is limited.
Treatment of myositis ossificans:
Surgical removal of the myositis ossificans is rarely warranted. If the myositis ossificans is excised before its maturation, it will likely reoccur. Consequently, most healthcare providers wait 6–12 months before considering excision. There is a chance of relapse even when removed in a mature state. In general, myositis ossificans is removed surgically if it limits the range of motion of the joint, irritates a nerve or lowers quality of life.

</doc>
<doc id="2841960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841960" title="CRHS">
CRHS

CRHS is a four-letter acronym that may refer to a high school or health care system:

</doc>
<doc id="2841964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841964" title="Quinn the Eskimo (Mighty Quinn)">
Quinn the Eskimo (Mighty Quinn)

"Quinn the Eskimo (Mighty Quinn)" is a folk-rock song written by Bob Dylan and first recorded during The Basement Tapes sessions in 1967. The song was first released in January 1968 as "Mighty Quinn" by the British band Manfred Mann and became a great success. It has been recorded by a number of performers, often under the "Mighty Quinn" title.
The subject of the song is the arrival of the mighty Quinn (an Eskimo), who changes despair into joy and chaos into rest, and attracts attention from the animals. Dylan is widely believed to have derived the title character from actor Anthony Quinn's role as an Eskimo in the 1960 movie "The Savage Innocents". Dylan has also been quoted as saying that the song was nothing more than a "simple nursery rhyme." A 2004 "Chicago Tribune" article also claimed that the song was named after Gordon Quinn, co-founder of Kartemquin Films, who had given Dylan and Howard Alk uncredited editing assistance on "Eat the Document".
Manfred Mann and Dylan versions.
Dylan recorded the song in 1967 during the Basement Tapes sessions, but did not release a version for another three years. Meanwhile, the song was picked up and recorded by the British band Manfred Mann, who released it under the title "Mighty Quinn". The Manfred Mann version reached #1 in the UK Singles Chart for the week of 14 February 1968 and remained there the following week. It also charted on the American "Billboard" chart, peaking at #10, and reached #4 in "Cash Box".
A later incarnation of Manfred Mann, Manfred Mann's Earth Band, included a dramatically different live version of the song on their 1978 album "Watch".
A demo of 14 of the Basement Tape recordings, including the first of two takes of "The Mighty Quinn (Quinn the Eskimo)", was produced in 1968, but was not intended for release. Recordings taken from the demos began appearing on bootlegs, starting with "Great White Wonder", a double-album bootleg that came out in July 1969. The first official release of the song was in 1970 on Dylan's "Self Portrait" album, a live recording from 1969's Isle of Wight Festival. The live version was also selected in 1971 for the second compilation of Dylan's career, "Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II".
When Columbia finally released "The Basement Tapes" in 1975, the song was not among the double-album's 24 songs (although an Eskimo "was" featured on the album cover, alongside Dylan, The Band, and several other people meant to represent certain characters from some of Dylan's songs). However, ten years later, in 1985, the second of the original takes appeared on the 5 LP "Biograph" set (this time titled "Quinn the Eskimo (The Mighty Quinn)"). This version from the Basement Tapes was used again on "The Essential Bob Dylan", a compilation released in 2000.
The Manfred Mann version is noted for Klaus Voormann's use of a distinctive flute part.
Variations in title of song.
The first release of the song and #1 hit by Manfred Mann, which topped the UK charts in February 1968, was released as "Mighty Quinn". When Dylan released a live version of this song on his album "Self Portrait", in June 1970, the song was titled "The Mighty Quinn (Quinn the Eskimo)". This title was repeated when the same live recording was released on the album "Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits, Vol. 2" in November 1971. When Dylan's original "basement tapes" recording of the song, backed by The Band and recorded in West Saugerties, New York in 1967, was eventually released as part of the compilation album "Biograph", in October 1985, it was entitled "Quinn the Eskimo (The Mighty Quinn)".
Subsequent notable recordings.
Over the years, the song has been recorded by numerous artists. 
Popular culture.
The song is an unofficial anthem for at least two teams named Harlequins, for which "Quinn" can be shorthand:
Between 1967 and 1972, Rotherham United used to run out to Manfred Mann's "Mighty Quinn" in deference to John Quinn, who they signed from Sheffield Wednesday and played 114 matches for Rotherham.
Dylan makes reference to the song in his 2004 autobiography "Chronicles Volume One": "On the way back to the house I passed the local movie theater on Prytania Street, where "The Mighty Quinn" was showing. Years earlier, I had written a song called 'The Mighty Quinn' which was a hit in England, and I wondered what the movie was about. Eventually, I'd sneak off and go there to see it. It was a mystery, suspense, Jamaican thriller with Denzel Washington as the Mighty "Xavier Quinn" a detective who solves crimes. Funny, that's just the way I imagined him when I wrote the song 'The Mighty Quinn,' Denzel Washington."

</doc>
<doc id="2841967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841967" title="Tolnau">
Tolnau

Tolnau:

</doc>
<doc id="2841981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841981" title="Cinco">
Cinco

Cinco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841982" title="Xenon (video game)">
Xenon (video game)

Xenon is a 1988 vertical scrolling shooter computer game, developed and published by The Bitmap Brothers. It featured as a play-by-phone game on Saturday-morning kids' show "Get Fresh".
Description.
The player assumes the role of Darrian, a future space pilot called into action by a mayday report from his superior on a nebula space station. As of late, the colonies of mankind have been under attack by mysterious and violent aliens called the "Xenites" and it is finally time for Darrian to engage them. The game's story was only revealed in the game's instruction book.
Unlike most scrolling shooters, the player can move in any direction instead of straight up. The player craft has two modes, a flying plane and a ground tank. The transition between crafts can be initiated at almost any time during play (except during the mid- and end-of-level boss sections, as well as certain levels where a certain mode is forced), and the mode chosen depends on the nature of the threat the player faces. Destroying some enemies released power-ups the player could catch to enhance their ship.
Ports.
Originally released for the Atari ST, "Xenon" was quickly ported to other platforms: the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, DOS, MSX and ZX Spectrum.
Sequel.
"Xenon" was followed in 1989 by "". It was similar to the original, with some refinements and differences in gameplay.
Bugs.
On the Atari Falcon, Xenon crashes, when Captain Kelly-X is going to speak. This happens because the sample-playback routine writes to a PSG register at address $ffff8804, which on normal ST/STe computers works the same way as if the data was written to address $ffff8800.
This bug can be fixed by making a backup copy of SPEECH.DAT, then applying the following patch to SPEECH.DAT, file offset 988 (offset $3DC hex):
49FA 0048 2C14 2A64 7E00 1E1D BC8D 640A 1A3A FFC0 67C8 2A7A 0036 288D 0607 0080 E74F 4CBB 00E0 702E 49F8 8800 0B8C 0000 0D8C 0000 0F8C 0000 4CDF 30E0 4E73 4E71 4E71 4E71 4E71
The patch also uses less clock cycles than the original.
You can test if it works, by renaming SPEECH.DAT to SPEECH.TOS and then double-clicking it.

</doc>
<doc id="2841989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841989" title="Sammy Adjei">
Sammy Adjei

Samuel "Sammy" Adjei (born 1 September 1980 in Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who last played for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
Career.
Sammy Adjei was transferred from Accra-based Ghanaian club Hearts of Oak to Club Africain for a reported $150,000 on 15 September 2005. On 29 November 2008, he returned to Accra Hearts of Oak SC for a second spell with the club.He agreed to return to Accra Hearts Of Oak SC on a one-year contract in order to convince then national team coach Milovan Rajevac to include him in the national side.
International career.
Adjei was the first-choice goalkeeper for the national side until 2006, when Richard Kingson rose to prominence. Adjei was named in Ghana's squad for the 2006 African Cup of Nations in Egypt and 2006 World Cup squad on 13 May 2006. Adjei made one appearance on the tournament, as a substitute, when the first choice goalkeeper Richard Kingson was taken off with an injury.
On 24 March 2007, Adjei manned the post for Ghana against Austria in a FIFA International friendly in Graz. He was however injured in a collision with an Austrian striker in the first half and was taken to the hospital. Richard Kingson was brought on to replace him. Adjei was again called up to join the Ghanaian national team in the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations as the second choice goal keeper, after which he retired from international football. However he received a recall for Ghana's Africa Cup of Nations qualifying match against Congo.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2841998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841998" title="Stadion Gradski vrt">
Stadion Gradski vrt

Gradski vrt ("City Garden") is a multi-use stadium in the Croatian city of Osijek. It is home to two Croatian football clubs, NK Osijek and Fortuna VNO Osijek. 
It has a capacity of 22,050 (19,350 for seating and 2,700 for standing).
History.
The construction started in 1949, but works were stopped several times.
In 1980, the unfinished stadium was opened. 
In 1982, the record of stadium attendance was broken, on the football match between NK Osijek and Dinamo Zagreb. At that match, there were 40,000 attendants. The result was 2–2.
In 1998 seats and reflectors were installed.
In 2005, the stadium was renovated. Under the west stand VIP rooms were set and the lodge rearranged (1,000 new seats). Athletic track was reconstructed, repainted from red to blue. After this renovation, the stadium has fulfilled ['s] stadium criteria. In the same year, the stadium was a part of Croatia and Hungary's failed bid for the 2012 European Football Championship. At that time a project of a new stadium with a larger capacity was presented.
In 2010, the stadium was again repaired: a lawn is edited, fences were overpainted and the seats were numbered. The reason was a friendly match between Croatia and Wales, which was held on 23 May that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2842005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842005" title="Might (magazine)">
Might (magazine)

Might was a San Francisco-based magazine co-founded in the early 1990s by David Moodie, Marny Requa and Dave Eggers, who went on to describe the magazine's rise and fall in his bestselling memoir "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius."
With its name meant to suggest both "power" and "possibility," the magazine might be summarized as an effort by twentysomethings to say something instead of nothing. "Might" went out of business in 1997, but back issues are still available through the Web site of Eggers's philanthropic writing organization, 826 Valencia.
Featured topics.
The editors/writers/publishers of "Might Magazine" didn't take themselves or the world too seriously. Entire issues poked fun at someone or another, focusing mainly on celebrities and has-beens and actors that have been in T.V. commercials that no one has seen before. According to "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius", one such topic considered by editors was a memorial to Crispin Glover. After initially accepting to participate, Glover backed out at the last minute, citing concerns that he would not be able to let his family know he had not actually died.

</doc>
<doc id="2842020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842020" title="The Rising Tide (Sunny Day Real Estate album)">
The Rising Tide (Sunny Day Real Estate album)

The Rising Tide is the fourth and final studio album by American Seattle-based indie-rock band Sunny Day Real Estate. It was released on June 20, 2000.
It was released in Japan on January 24, 2001 with an acoustic live version of "Television" as a bonus track. This was the band's only album not released on Seattle record label Sub Pop Records.
The statue on the cover of the album is Vancouver's "Bronze Angel", created by the Montréal sculptor, Coeur de Lion MacCarthy located at the former Canadian Pacific Railway Station. The bronze war memorial depicting the angel of victory raising up a young soldier to heaven at the moment of his death, was erected in 1921 to commemorate 1115 Canadian Pacific Railway employees killed during World War I. The sculpture was erected in Montréal, Quebec, Winnipeg, Manitoba and Vancouver, British Columbia.
Recording sessions.
There is a series of "Making Of" videos on YouTube, which feature the band rehearsing. There are two circulating outtakes from these sessions ("Eye of the Storm" and "Holiday"), as well as a demo version of "The Ocean", posted on the band's site in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2842024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842024" title="Sue Ryder (charity)">
Sue Ryder (charity)

Sue Ryder is a charity (originally called the Sue Ryder Foundation and more recently Sue Ryder Care) which was founded in 1953 by Sue Ryder, with the creation of a nursing home in Suffolk, UK. Sue Ryder supports people with complex needs and life-threatening illnesses across the UK and internationally. 
The charity is headquartered at Upper Woburn Place in London and is a registered charity in England & Wales. It dropped the word "Care" from its operating name in April 2011 after a public consultation suggested that it sounded unclear, corporate and distant.
In 2011/12 Sue Ryder had an annual expenditure of £81.9 million, placing it in the top 60 of UK voluntary organisations ranked by expenditure.
Main activities and centres.
The charity supports people living with life-limiting and long-term conditions including brain injury, cancer, dementia, stroke, multiple sclerosis, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease and motor neurone disease. It operates specialist palliative care centres, care centres for people with complex conditions, homecare services and a growing number of community-based services.
Care Centres are currently located in the following areas:
Sue Ryder's name is also associated with services in 12 countries across the globe. Since 1953, the charity has played a role in influencing national and international policy debates and stimulating the evolution of care services in developing countries. The charity's overseas partners, in places including Albania and Malawi, provide palliative care, residential care for disabled people and older people, and community-based nursing for people with chronic conditions.
Fundraising.
Sue Ryder needs to raise approximately £13 million pounds each year to supplement its statutory income to continue providing four million hours of care a year, which is raised from fundraising and through Sue Ryder shops, of which there are around 400 in the UK. In November 2013, its shops and online store were said to generate over £36m a year for the charity's work.
Sue Ryder also relies on volunteering support and currently has 9,000 volunteers across the UK supporting its work. The charity has a large range of volunteer roles listed on its website, ranging from administration, finance and retail to research, befriending and bereavement support. 
Sue Ryder launched its Prisoner Volunteer Programme in 2006. It works with around 40 prisons nationwide offering work experience in 100 locations, including offices, shops and warehouses. The programme has won a number of awards, including the education and training award at Civil Society's Charity Awards 2013. In 2014, the charity opened a store in Slough – said to be its biggest charity shop in the south of England – offering staff roles to homeless people in partnership with the organisation Slough Homeless Our Concern.
Workfare controversy.
In February 2013 Sue Ryder was criticised for taking part in the UK Government workfare schemes. This criticism came in light of a broader backlash against the government's workfare policies where people living on benefits are instructed to attend unpaid work at various companies and charities, at the risk of losing their benefits if they do not comply. Sue Ryder promised a "phased withdrawal" from the scheme. An article originally published in "The Guardian" noted that the charity had withdrawn to protect staff from an online campaign of harassment.

</doc>
<doc id="2842026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842026" title="Leonard Mandel">
Leonard Mandel

Leonard Mandel (May 9, 1927 – February 9, 2001) was the Lee DuBridge Professor Emeritus of Physics and Optics at the University of Rochester when he died at the age of 73 at his home in Pittsford, New York. He contributed immensely to theoretical and experimental optics. With Emil Wolf he published the highly regarded book "Optical Coherence and Quantum Optics."
Mandel was born in Berlin, Germany, where his father had emigrated from Eastern Europe. He received a BSc degree in mathematics and physics in 1947 and a PhD degree in nuclear physics in 1951 from Birkbeck College, University of London, in the United Kingdom. He became a technical officer at Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd in Welwyn, UK, in 1951. In 1955, he became a lecturer and, later, senior lecturer at Imperial College London, University of London. He remained at Imperial until 1964, when he joined the University of Rochester as a professor of physics.

</doc>
<doc id="2842027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842027" title="English Electric Thunderbird">
English Electric Thunderbird

The English Electric Thunderbird was a British surface-to-air missile produced for the British Army. Thunderbird was primarily intended to attack higher altitude targets at ranges of up to thirty miles or so, providing wide-area air defence for the Army in the field. AA guns were still used for lower altitude threats. Thunderbird entered service in 1959 and underwent a major mid-life upgrade to Thunderbird 2 in 1966, before being slowly phased out by 1977. Ex-Army Thunderbird I's were also operated by the Royal Saudi Air Force after 1967.
Thunderbird had performance similar to other semi-portable missiles like the US MIM-23 Hawk and Soviet 2K11 Krug, although it pre-dates both of these systems and offered greater range. After its mid-life upgrades, which shared several components with the RAF's Bristol Bloodhound, Thunderbird featured a continuous-wave radar semi-active homing system that was highly resistant to jamming, and was able to track targets even at very low altitudes. 
Thunderbird was the Army's only heavy anti-aircraft missile. As systems like these made flight at medium and higher altitudes practically suicidal, nap-of-the-earth flying became the norm and even shorter-range, faster acting systems were needed. Thunderbird's role was taken over by the much smaller BAC Rapier as they became available.
History.
The Stage Plan.
The Thunderbird originated in a proposal to English Electric in 1949 to develop a missile to provide ground based air defence to the British Army in the field. As such, it was intended to replace the 3.7-inch heavy anti-aircraft gun that fulfilled this role during World War II. Like the 3.7, the new missile would be operated by the Royal Artillery. English Electric created a Guided Weapons Division to work on the project.
While the project was starting, the Ministry of Supply (MoS) began work on what would become known as the "Stage Plan", which envisioned a multi-stage program to provide an integrated air-defence network including new radars, interceptor aircraft, and missiles. As the missiles were the least understood technology, the MoS decided to implement their deployment in two stages. "Stage 1" called for missiles with a range of only 20 miles with capabilities against subsonic or low-supersonic attacking aircraft, which were assumed to be at medium or high altitudes. The Stage 1 missile would be used to protect the V bomber bases in the UK, as well as the British Army in the field. The Stage 1 missile would be later replaced with a much higher-performance and longer-range "Stage 2" system in the 1960s, based on the "Green Sparkler" missile. The Stage 2 missile was to have greatly increased range, speed and altitude capabilities.
Two entries were accepted for the original Stage 1 proposal, English Electric's existing project under the name "Red Shoes", and Bristol's "Red Duster". Bristol's efforts were fairly similar to EE's in most ways, although it was somewhat less mobile while offering somewhat better range. As both designs were generally similar in performance, a single set of radars was developed that could be used with either design. This consisted of a Ferranti developed search radar and the target illuminating radar was the RRDE's "Yellow River" fire control radar built by British Thomson-Houston.
Development.
EE's design quickly developed into a fairly simple cylindrical fuselage with an ogive nose cone, four cropped-delta wings just behind the middle point of the fuselage, and four smaller control surfaces at the rear, in-line with the mid-mounted wings. The fuselage had a slight boat-tail narrowing at the extreme rear under the control surfaces. The sustainer was to be a liquid fuel rocket developed for the missile, and was launched by four large "Gosling" solid fuel rocket boosters lying between the control surfaces and wings. The boosters featured a single oversized fin of their own, and are particularly easy to spot due to a small flat surface at the end of every fin. This surface provided an outward drag component that help pull the booster away from the main body when released, helped by the booster's asymmetrical nose cone. Guidance was via semi-active radar homing, the Ferranti Type 83 "Yellow River" pulsed radar serving both as an acquisition and illumination system. The same radar was used with the competing Red Duster.
The test programme used development vehicles D1 to D4. The D1 and D2 established some of the basic configuration issues, whilst the D3 and D4 were used to test the aerodynamics of the design. The Army rejected the idea of using a liquid fuel rocket because of the difficulty in handling the highly reactive fuel in the field, so a solid rocket sustainer had to be chosen instead. Several different models of sustainer were tried, most of them known as the "Luton Test Vehicle", or LTV.
While testing of the Red Shoes was underway, the "competition" in the form of Red Duster was also entering testing. Red Duster demonstrated several serious problems, and the Army ended any interest in it. In the end the Red Duster problems were sorted out fairly quickly, and it entered service slightly before Red Shoes, as the Bristol Bloodhound, Mk. I.
The production Red Shoes missile was officially named Thunderbird. It entered service in 1959 and equipped 36 and 37 Heavy Air Defence Regiments, Royal Artillery. It was the first British designed and produced missile to go into service with the British Army.
Further development.
While development of the Stage 1 missiles was still ongoing, work on the Stage 2 systems was proving to be too far in advance of the state of the art to realistically enter service while the Red Duster and Red Shoes were still useful. In the meantime, advances in radar technology were proceeding rapidly, so it was decided to produce interim designs using new continuous wave radars which would dramatically improve the performance of the existing missiles.
In the case of the Thunderbird, the "Stage 1½" design utilized the new Type 86 "Indigo Corkscrew" radar. As this was developed it changed names several times, becoming "Green Flax", and after some paperwork with that name on it was lost and assumed compromised, "Yellow Temple". In service it was known as Radar, AD, No 10 (fire control). The new radar greatly improved performance against low-level targets, as well as providing considerably better performance against electronic countermeasures.
To support Thunderbird operations in the field the regiments were equipped with the new Radar, AD, No 11 (tactical control, usually called 'big ears') and Radar, AD, No 12 (height finder, usually called 'noddy') radar, giving them a longer range surveillance system. These radars were also known to Marconi as the S303 and S404, or to the RAF as Type 88 and Type 89. After leaving Army service in 1977 they were turned over to the RAF who used them for tactical control.
Several changes to the basic missile were undertaken as well. Although the size remained the same, the new version featured much larger boosters, mid-mounted wings with sweep on the front and back, and a new nose cone with a much higher fineness ratio. The boosters lost their asymmetrical nose cones, but the surfaces on the end of their fins grew much larger. Overall the missile still looked much like the Mk. I version, as opposed to the Bloodhound which became much larger as it was upgraded.
The improved missile was known in service as Thunderbird 2. They entered service in 1966 and were removed in 1977.
Survivors.
Thunderbird remains a popular museum item in the UK. One of the missiles is now displayed outside the Midland Air Museum, Warwickshire, England. Another example on a launcher is displayed in The Royal Artillery Museum, Woolwich, England.
A Thunderbird Mk1 is also on display at the National Museum of Flight located at East Fortune-just outside Edinburgh, Scotland. (http://www.nms.ac.uk/our_museums/museum_of_flight.aspx )
Two of the Finish missiles survive, one missile is located in Artillery Museum, Hämeenlinna, another in the Anti-aircraft Museum, Tuusula.

</doc>
<doc id="2842032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842032" title="Anatol Josepho">
Anatol Josepho

Anatol M. Josepho (March 31, 1894 - December 1980), born Anatol Josephewitz, was a Siberian immigrant to the United States of America from Omsk, Russia, who invented and patented the first automated photo booth in 1925, which was named the "Photomaton". In 1927, he was paid one million dollars for the invention.
Camp Josepho, a 110 acre property, which stretches from Mandeville Canyon to Will Rogers State Park, was given to the Boy Scouts of the Crescent Bay Council in 1947 by Anatol Josepho Sixty-five years later, Camp Josepho continues to fulfill its mission of serving youth throughout Los Angeles, with a unique emphasis on filmmaking, in the spirit of its namesake.
Early life.
Josepho's father was a wealthy jeweler and his mother died when he was three years old. He developed a close bond with his father and became interested in the Wild West cultural phenomenon of expansion in the United States in the late 1800's. He began taking photographs with a Brownie camera produced by the Eastman Kodak Company during his childhood and he attended a local technical institute to pursue his growing interest in photography in 1909 at the age of 15.
The Photomaton.
Josepho's invention of the photo booth, know as the "Photomaton", debuted in September 1925 at 1659 Broadway Street in Manhattan, located in the heart of New York City. The Photomaton charged twenty-five cents for a strip of eight photos that were developed in eight minutes. White-gloved attendants stayed by the machine during hours of operation to control the crowds as well as to provide maintenance for the machine.

</doc>
<doc id="2842034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842034" title="Robert Menaker">
Robert Menaker

Robert Owen Menaker was an American citizen who allegedly worked for Soviet intelligence during World War II. Menaker was the son of a Russian immigrant who was imprisoned for revolutionary activity in Russia. Menaker’s family were noted radicals and one of Menaker's nieces, Ellen, was married to Victor Perlo, head of the Perlo group.
Menaker was identified by Arlington Hall cryptographers in sixteen Venona messages. Menaker assisted Floyd Miller's infiltration of the Socialist Workers Party. Several Venona messages are related to Menaker’s employer, Michael Burd, for whom Menaker worked at the Midland Export Corporation of New York. In 1944 and 1945, Menaker traveled to Chile to represent Midland Export. While in Chile he met the Chilean diplomat Christian Casanova Subercaseaux. Burd and Subercaseaux were also both Soviet intelligence agents. 
After returning from his 1944 Chile trip, Burd complained to the New York KGB office that Menaker alienated several companies they did business with. KGB Officer Pavel Ivanovich Fedosimov reported to Moscow that “allowances should be made’’ working with Menaker since he had not been thoroughly trained or screened prior to assignment.
In a later Venona transcript, the KGB speculates about the possibility that Laurence Duggan, another source who had recently resigned from the U.S. State Department, might go to Chile in place of Menaker or do some unspecified work with him. A cable from October references work with Joseph Katz, owner of the Tempus Import Company in Manhattan, and one of the KGB's most active agents. The decrypt requests instructions regarding Menaker's salary, and noted someone would be paying him thirty thousand dollars but that he might not receive it for a year. Menaker, like his friend Floyd Miller, may have cooperated with the FBI to some extent in the 1950s.
Venona.
Menaker, whose code names as deciphered by Arlington Hall cryptographers is BOB and CZECH, is referenced in the following Venona project decryptions:
694 KGB New York to Moscow, 15 May 1943; 1044 KGB New York to Moscow, 2 July 1943; 1185 KGB New York to Moscow, 21 July 1943; 1031 KGB New York to Moscow, 24 July 1944; 1143–1144 KGB New York to Moscow, 10 August 1944; 1313 KGB New York to Moscow, 13 September 1944; 1337 KGB New York to Moscow, 19 September 1944; 1430 KGB New York to Moscow, 10 October 1944; 1470 KGB New York to Moscow, 17 October 1944; 1512 KGB New York to Moscow, 24 October 1944; 1522 KGB New York to Moscow, 27 October 1944; 1613 KGB New York to Moscow, 18 November 1944; 1637 KGB New York to Moscow, 21 November 1944; 1716 KGB New York to Moscow, 5 December 1944; 77 KGB New York to Moscow, 17 January 1945; 55 KGB Moscow to New York, 10 January 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2842038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842038" title="Circus Maximus (Norwegian band)">
Circus Maximus (Norwegian band)

Circus Maximus is a Norwegian progressive metal quintet from Oslo. They employ the use of symphonic, power and glam metal influences in their vocals which have a high-pitched tone, along with synthesizers and occasional keyboards. As of 2012, they have released three albums, "The 1st Chapter" in 2005, "Isolate" in 2007 and "Nine", in 2012. 
History.
Formation and early history (2000–2003).
In 2000 long-time band mates Michael Eriksen (vocals) and brothers Mats (guitar) and Truls Haugen (drums) were joined by keyboard player Espen Storø and Glen Cato Møllen on bass to form Circus Maximus. 
Initially being a cover band, they got a lot of positive feedback for their interpretations of technically challenging material from bands like Dream Theater and Symphony X. Before long, the band started to write their own material: With other influences varying from pop/rock through classical progressive rock to heavy metal and death metal, their music synergized into a mixture of melodic and groovy sound with lots of heavy riffs and odd time signatures. In the musical press their sound has been compared to Queensrÿche, TNT, Shadow Gallery, Pretty Maids, Helloween and the like, in addition to the already mentioned bands.
Releasing two demos to great reviews in Norway, as well as in Europe and USA, before signing with Danish Intromental Management in April 2004, the band made a record deal with American Sensory Records for the USA and Canada, which in turn forwarded a licensing deal for Europe and Russia to Frontiers Records.
"The 1st Chapter" (2004–2006).
Circus Maximus began writing their debut album in 2004 entitled, "The 1st Chapter" which was released in May 2005. The eight-tracked album contains the longest Circus Maximus song with the title track running for over 19 minutes. The album also came with two bonus tracks.
Half a year later, in November 2005, keyboards player Espen Storø decided to leave the band for personal reasons. In early 2006, Lasse Finbråten (formerly of Norwegian progressive/power metal band Tritonus) joined the band, filling the vacant spot.
During 2005 Circus Maximus went on their first tour with their major performance being in Atlanta in the United States where they played at the ProgPower festival. Circus Maximus then returned to the same festival the following year with their new keyboardist. During the rest of 2006 Circus Maximus continued to play gigs around Scandinavia with other major acts such as Kamelot, Pagan's Mind and Glenn Hughes.
"Isolate" (2007).
Circus Maximus spent the first quarter of 2007 recording their second studio album, "Isolate", which was released on August 7, 2007. Before the release, as a response to impatient and expectant fans, the band established a post on the official Circus Maximus forum where they kept readers up-to-date on their studio-progress. Following the release of "Isolate" the band went on tour playing at major festivals such as ProgPower Europe, ProgPower Scandinavia, Sweden Rock and MetalHear. They also went on many solo shows while on the road.
During February 13 to March 5, 2008 the band toured Europe as an opening act (along with German progressive metal band Dreamscape) at the Symphony X "Paradise Lost Tour 2008". 
On November 18 the band posted this message in their website:
"Circus Maximus will now be entering the studio to start the pre-production of the next album, planned to be released late 2010. We are writing new stuff everyday and so far we have more or less 8 songs completed for the album and we can honestly tell you it sounds AMAZING! Can't wait to show you ;) We would like to thank everyone who have been supporting us throughout the years... you're the best! - Truls, Mats, Lasse, Glen and Michael."
According to the band's official forums, on the 22nd June 2010 Michael Eriksen posted some news on the recording process and said "Yesterday Mats and myself hit the studio to start the vocals on one of the tracks", he later mentioned that "We will have some videos up and running for you in a bit".
"Nine" (2012 onwards).
The third album, called "Nine" was released June 1st 2012. The band describes the album being both more melodic and more dynamic than the two previous albums.

</doc>
<doc id="2842047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842047" title="Joshua Bekenstein">
Joshua Bekenstein

Joshua Bekenstein is an American businessman and top executive at Bain Capital. He joined Bain Capital at its inception in 1984. He has been a Managing Director since 1986. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Bekenstein spent several years at Bain & Company where he was involved with companies in a variety of industries. Bekenstein received an Masters of Business Administration (M.B.A). from Harvard Business School, a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) from Yale University, and is on the Board of Advisors of the Yale School of Management. Bekenstein currently serves as a Co-Chair on the Board of Directors of New Profit Inc., a Boston-based venture philanthropy fund and as a member on the Board of Trustees of the Pan-Mass Challenge, an annual bike-athon that crosses the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to raise money for the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
Bekenstein lives in Wayland, Massachusetts, with his wife, Anita, and five children.

</doc>
<doc id="2842054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842054" title="Sam Bottoms">
Sam Bottoms

Samuel John "Sam" Bottoms (October 17, 1955 – December 16, 2008) was an American actor and producer.
Personal life.
Bottoms was born in Santa Barbara, California, the third son of James "Bud" Bottoms (a sculptor and art teacher) and Betty (Chapman), both of whom survive him. He was the brother of actors Timothy Bottoms (born 1951), Joseph Bottoms (born 1954) and Ben Bottoms (born 1960). He died of glioblastoma multiforme, a type of brain tumor, on December 16, 2008.
Career.
When Bottoms was 16 years old, he was on the set of "The Last Picture Show", in which his older brother Timothy starred, when the director Peter Bogdanovich decided to give him a screen test. Sam ended up playing the character of Billy in the movie, who has no spoken lines, but contributes a pivotal role in the drama.
Five years later, Bottoms appeared with Clint Eastwood in "The Outlaw Josey Wales". 
He is perhaps best remembered for his role as surfer Lance Johnson, a Navy Gunner's Mate stationed on a river boat in Francis Ford Coppola's 20th century opus, "Apocalypse Now". According to author Peter Biskind, he acquired hookworm during the chaotic production in the Philippines, and the parasite "wrecked his liver".
Other notable roles include his part in "Seabiscuit" and co-starring with British Chinese-Singaporean movie star Ava Lyn Koh in a lesbian-assassin thriller "True Files", "aka Shanghai Lily".

</doc>
<doc id="2842061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842061" title="Bidston railway station">
Bidston railway station

Bidston railway station is a railway station in Bidston, Birkenhead, on the Wirral, England. The station is situated at the junction of the West Kirby branch of the Wirral Line, which is part of the Merseyrail network, and with the Borderlands Line from Wrexham Central, operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
History.
The station was originally built by the Hoylake Railway in 1866 as an intermediate station on their line from Birkenhead to Hoylake. After the extension of this line to West Kirby in 1878 to the west and into a new station to the east at Birkenhead Docks (the current Birkenhead North station), through trains to Liverpool commenced in 1938 when the London Midland and Scottish Railway electrified the line to West Kirby. In 1896 the North Wales and Liverpool Railway opened their line to Hawarden Bridge, which joined the Wrexham, Mold and Connah's Quay Railway line to Wrexham.
During the earlier half of the twentieth century, Bidston station was known as "Bidston Dee Junction" and was a busy interchange between the Wirral line electric services and the Seacombe to Wrexham & Chester steam trains. In 1960 the Wrexham service (by now operated by diesel trains) was diverted east of Bidston to terminate at New Brighton and later to Birkenhead North. However it was subsequently cut back to start and terminate at Bidston in October 1978 and this remains the situation today.
The station has always been primarily a transfer point between trains, relatively isolated from everywhere, by foot, except Bidston Village, which remains the position today. Until 1970, the approach road was just a track and not properly surfaced.
Signal Boxes.
Bidston had four signal boxes in 1899. These signal boxes were situated alongside the Dee, West, East and North junctions. The nearest to the station was the Bidston Dee Junction box. The second Dee Junction signal box was built in the 1930s by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, and was much larger than the earlier signal box which had been built by the Wirral Railway. This signal box had a 65-lever frame and also took over the operation of Bidston North Junction, when built. Bidston Dee Junction signal box was closed on 17 September 1994, and demolished two months later on 20 November.
Engine shed and freight use.
Bidston station had a nearby engine shed. Bidston engine shed, shed code 6F, principally operated the Wrexham line. The building was somewhat south of the running lines, halfway between Bidston and Birkenhead North stations. The shed was built by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway in 1897 and had two tracks inside. The shed had a water tank and a coaling stage for steam locomotives. Examples of locomotives, which could be found at the shed, included the LNER Class J94 "Austerity", which was used around the Birkenhead docks, and the BR Standard Class 9F, which hauled iron ore trains from Bidston Dock to the John Summers steelworks in Shotton. The engine shed closed on 11 February 1963, and its allocation of locomotives was transferred to Birkenhead Mollington Street depot. The shed remained intact for several years after closure.
Several sidings were situated adjacent to the eastern side of the station, south of the running lines. These sidings had been built prior to 1899, and were removed in the 1960s-70s. A Tesco supermarket now occupies the site of these sidings.
The station was the nearest to the former Bidston Dock. The adjacent Bidston East Junction gives access to the former Birkenhead Dock Branch line, but this has been disused by freight workings since the mid-1980s and is still so at present.
Facilities.
The station has a booking office, and a 19-space car park. The station is staffed, at all times during opening hours, and has platform CCTV. Each platform has open-air seating. There is a payphone, next to the ticket office, on platform 1. The station provides a "Park and Ride" service. There are a further 198 car parking spaces, which are free to use for travellers, with lighting columns and CCTV to meet Merseytravel's Travelsafe requirements. Construction of the new car park was completed in 2010. As yet, there is no access, to the platform, for passengers with wheelchairs or prams, as access is by staircase only. Platform access has not been modernised to the standard of that at Hooton. In early 2014 a new waiting shelter opened which includes a new ticket office, new seating and a new toilet.
Services.
Currently, services run every 15 minutes (Monday to Saturday daytime) to West Kirby & Liverpool, and every hour to Wrexham. Services to and from Wrexham usually terminate/start from platform 2, which is also used by West Kirby trains. Liverpool-bound trains use platform 1.
During the evenings, trains operate every 30 minutes to West Kirby & Liverpool and every two hours to Wrexham (all day on Bank Holidays), with an approximately 2.5 hourly service (six departures total) on Sundays.
Merseyrail services are provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs. Services to Wrexham are usually provided by an Arriva Trains Wales, double-carriage, Class 150/2 "Sprinter" DMU. Though, in the past, services have been provided with an Arriva Trains Wales, single-carriage, Class 153 "Super Sprinter" DMU.
Future.
Proposals have been made to electrify some or all of the Borderlands Line and possibly incorporate it into the Wirral Line services, but no commitment has been made.

</doc>
<doc id="2842072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842072" title="Tape dispenser">
Tape dispenser

A tape dispenser is an object that holds a roll of tape and has a mechanism at one end to shear the tape. Dispensers vary widely based on the tape they dispense. Abundant and most common, clear tape dispensers (like those used in an office or at home) are commonly made of plastic, and may be disposable. Other dispensers are stationary and may have sophisticated features to control tape usage and improve ergonomics.
Handheld dispenser.
A tape gun is a variation of handheld tape dispenser used to apply tape to close boxes, etc.
Some dispensers are small enough so that the dispenser, with the tape in it, can be taken to the point of application. The dispenser allows for a convenient cut-off and helps the operator apply (and sometimes helps rub down) the tape. It allows the tape to be taken to the point of application for operator ease.
Tabletop dispensers.
Pull-and-tear.
Tabletop or desk dispensers are frequently used to hold the tape and allow the operator to pull off the desired amount, tear the tape off, and take the tape to the job.
Stationary electronic tape dispenser.
Tabletop dispensers are available with electrical assists to dispense and cut pressure-sensitive tape to a predetermined length. They are often used in an industrial setting to increase productivity along manufacturing or assembly lines. They eliminate the need to manually measure and cut each individual piece of tape on high volumes of product or packaging. By automating this process, automatic tape dispensers reduce material waste caused by human error. They also reduce the time needed to cut each piece of tape, therefore reducing labor costs and increasing productivity.
Automated equipment.
Some taping machinery is semi-automatic: the operator takes an object and puts it in or through a machine which automatically applies the tape. This helps save time and controls the consumption of tape. 
Fully automatic equipment is available which does not require an operator. All functions can be automated.
High speed packaging machinery is an example of highly automated equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="2842077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842077" title="Joetex Asamoah Frimpong">
Joetex Asamoah Frimpong

Kwabena Joseph "Joetex" Asamoah Frimpong (born 17 April 1982 in Mampong) is a Ghanaian professional football striker who currently plays for FC Grenchen in Swiss 1. Liga Classic.
Career.
Club career.
Frimpong began his career in Nigeria with Gabros of Nnewi and El-Kanemi, where he became top scorer and earned a move to Enyimba F.C.. He won the CAF African Champions League with Enyimba in 2003 and 2004, scoring a total of 14 goals, but he missed the 2005 competition through injury.
He signed on loan for Saudi Arabian side Al-Nasr on 3 February 2006, with an option to make the deal permanent. He left the club on 7 April 2006, scoring 3 goals in 10 appearances.
Frimpong signed for CS Sfaxien of Tunisia later in 2006, and made an immediate impact in the group stages of the CAF Champions League. He scored a vital goal in the first-leg of the final
BSC Young Boys.
In November 2006 Frimpong expressed a desire for a move to Europe and on 16 February 2007 his wish was granted, after he signed a three-year deal with Swiss Premier side BSC Young Boys. He made his league debut for the club on 25 February 2007, in a 3–1 victory over FC Thun; Frimpong celebrated his debut with two goals.
In September 2007 Frimpong was handed a four-match ban and given a fine of 1,100 US dollars after assaulting St. Gallen player Jürgen Gjasula during a league match. The Swiss FA decided not to give him the maximum six match ban after video evidence showed that he was provoked by Gjasula.
On 6 September 2008 he was loaned to FC Luzern.
International career.
Frimpong was initially invited to the Nigerian U-23 side, but was dropped when the coach was informed of his true nationality.
Frimpong was a member of the Ghana Squad that played in the 2006 African Cup of Nations. He was however not selected into the Ghana Squad that played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, having spent a large part of last year out injured and then failing to shine at this year's 2006 African Cup of Nations in Egypt.
On 7 February 2007, Joetex continued his excellent performances at the International level by scoring his 1st goal for Ghana in their 4–1 victory over Nigeria in London
Frimpong Football Academy.
He is the founder and chairman of the Football talents company Frimpong Football Academy (since 2010), which is based in Minna.

</doc>
<doc id="2842079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842079" title="Bourg, Louisiana">
Bourg, Louisiana

Bourg is an unincorporated community in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is part of the Houma–Bayou Cane–Thibodaux Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Education.
Terrebonne Parish School District operates public schools. Schools with Bourg addresses include Bourg Elementary School (PK-4) and South Terrebonne High School (9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="2842085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842085" title="NACE International">
NACE International

NACE International is the world's leading professional organization for the corrosion control industry established in 1943. As of January, 2014, there are over 33,317 NACE members in over 100 countries. NACE International is involved in every industry and area of corrosion prevention and control, from chemical processing and water systems, to transportation and infrastructure protection. NACE's main focus of activities includes cathodic protection, coatings for industry and material selection for specific chemical resistance.
NACE was formerly known as the National Association of Corrosion Engineers.
NACE publishes the journals "Materials Performance" (MP) and "Corrosion". NACE also publishes standard practice, test method, and material requirements standards for use by industry and other Corrosion societies. Standing committees periodically review and update the standards every five years. An annual conference is held in the United States for the entire organization and several regional meetings and conferences around the world.
NACE now holds certifications and training packages for members in the industry. You can obtain this certification through course work and exams, work experience ( 5 years required to apply ), or an education level achieved through an accredited university. You can find a full list of 33 certifications on the NACE Institute Website.

</doc>
<doc id="2842089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842089" title="Stronghold (1993 video game)">
Stronghold (1993 video game)

Stronghold is a "Dungeons & Dragons" city-building real-time strategy computer game published by SSI and developed by Stormfront Studios in 1993.
Development.
The game designers include Don Daglow, Mark Buchignani, and David Bunnett.
Gameplay.
Players balanced resources to build a town with unique neighborhoods, each with its own unique architecture. Residents and craftspeople of each neighborhood could be summoned to defend any part of the city that came under attack. Players could choose from a variety of neighborhood leaders including Mages, Clerics, Thieves, Fighters, Elves (a combination of fighters and mages), Dwarves (stout fighters who are also great miners), and Halflings (excellent thieves and farmers). Players could use, for example, a spawned Elf to build a building on a plot or the player could focus the elf on training to build up character levels, amass an army and march them overland and defeat a neighboring monster. Or a player could focus entirely on city development and win the game in that way instead. Maps are constructed from triangular wireframe colored tiles. The color of each tile designate the terrain type; water, plains, mountains and hills. A random map generator allows for good replay value.
Reception.
According to GameSpy, "cities could quickly become very difficult to manage, but those players who became fans swore that the game was one of the most addictive management simulations they had ever played".
The game is often referred to as ""SimCity" meets "Dungeons & Dragons"".

</doc>
<doc id="2842090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842090" title="Austin American-Statesman">
Austin American-Statesman

The Austin American-Statesman is the major daily newspaper for Austin, the capital city of Texas. It is owned by Cox Enterprises. The newspaper places focus on issues affecting Austin and the Central Texas region.
The "Austin American-Statesman" competes with the "Austin Chronicle", an alternative weekly. The paper tends to print "Associated Press", "New York Times", "The Washington Post" and "Los Angeles Times" international and national news, but has strong Central Texas coverage, especially in political reporting. The "Statesman" benefits from the culture and writing heritage of Austin. It extensively covers the music scene, especially the annual South by Southwest Music Festival. The newspaper co-sponsors various events around Austin such as the Capital 10K foot race and the Season for Caring charity campaign.
The "Statesman's" news website is "Statesman.com" and its entertainment site is "Austin360.com". It also publishes a weekly Spanish-language newspaper, ¡ahora sí! ("ahorasi.com"). Additionally, the "Statesman" partners with the "St. Petersburg Times" with "PolitiFact Texas", a site that covers issues that are relevant to Texas and the Austin area.
Circulation.
In 2009, the "Austin American-Statesman" ranked 60th in circulation among daily newspapers, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations. Figures from Scarborough Research show the "Statesman" — in print and online – reaches 68% of Central Texans in an average week.
Following a national trend among daily newspapers, the "Statesman" has seen circulation declines in recent years. Austin is one of America's most Internet-connected cities, though not ranked in the 25 largest "connected" cities, and, in a related trend, the "Statesman's" daily circulation ranks among those cities seeing drops of 5% or more in recent reports. As compared to a U.S. national decline of 2.1%, the "Statesman's" daily circulation in the most recent six-month reporting period fell 5.6% to 173,527. Its Sunday circulation fell 5.5% to 215,984. Austin is the 15th largest city (and the 36th largest metropolitan area) in the U.S.
Politics.
"The Statesman" endorsed George W. Bush in the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections, and Republican governor Rick Perry along with every other Republican incumbent in 2006. In the 2008 presidential election, however, the paper endorsed Barack Obama. The "Statesman" also provides coverage of the Libertarian Party and Green Party matters.
History.
Founded as the triweekly "Democratic Statesman" in 1871, the newspaper was originally allied with the state Democratic party during Reconstruction. It began daily publication as a morning paper in 1873. After absorbing the "Austin Tribune" in 1914, it published as the afternoon "Austin Statesman and Tribune", then became an evening paper and changed its name to the "Austin Evening Statesman" in 1916.
A rival paper, the morning "Austin American", began in 1914. Waco-based newspapermen Charles E. Marsh and E.S. Fentress bought the "American" in 1919 and the "Evening Statesman" in 1924. Merged under one company, the morning and evening papers published separately during the week and combined for a Sunday "Austin American Statesman" edition. The company continued separate titles until 1973, when all products became the "American-Statesman", with four editions daily.
Cox Enterprises acquired the "Statesman" when it bought the Waco newspaper company in 1976. In 1987, the "Statesman" moved to morning-only publication. In 2008, Cox put the "Statesman" up for sale with most of its other newspaper holdings in order to pay down debt. A year later, the company pulled the paper off the market, citing a lack of suitable offers.
The newspaper is part of subsidiary Cox Media Group, which joined the corporation's television, radio and newspaper assets under one umbrella in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2842093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842093" title="Lawrence Funderburke">
Lawrence Funderburke

Lawrence Damon Funderburke (born December 15, 1970 in Columbus, Ohio) is a retired American basketball player, formerly of the National Basketball Association.
Basketball career.
Lawrence Funderburke was born and raised in Ohio, where he played high school basketball. 
Collegiate career.
Funderburke played his freshman year of college basketball at Indiana University, where he is known for tangling with Bobby Knight. He transferred after that season to Ohio State University, where he played his three remaining years of eligibility. There, he teamed with fellow NBA star Jimmy Jackson to lead Ohio State win the Big Ten Championship in 1992.
NBA career.
Funderburke was drafted by the Sacramento Kings in the 2nd round (51st overall) of the 1994 NBA Draft, honing his game in Europe (in Greece's Ambelokipi and PAOK BC and French outfit Pau-Orthez) for three years, before joining the Kings in 1997.
Funderburke averaged 9.5 points and 4.5 rebounds as a rookie and played a vital role for the Kings during their successful seasons spanning from 1999–2003 as a backup to Chris Webber. After serving mainly as a reliable backup for All-Star Chris Webber for 6 seasons, Funderburke missed the entire 2003–04 schedule, being ultimately waived in March 2004.
After appearing in two games for the Chicago Bulls, Funderburke retired in June 2005, holding NBA career averages of 6.4 points, 3.6 rebounds and 0.6 assists per game.
Other activities.
Lawrence Funderburke graduated as a magna cum laude in business finance from Ohio State.
While an active player in 2000, Funderburke and his wife founded the "Lawrence Funderburke Youth Organization", a non-profit organization dedicated to help at-risk children, through a variety of services.
"Hook Me Up, Playa!" is a book by Lawrence Funderburke that warns both professional and aspiring athletes of the dark side of the limelight through interviews with close friends who are (or were) professional athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="2842096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842096" title="Excelsior (Longfellow)">
Excelsior (Longfellow)

Excelsior is a brief poem written and published in 1841 by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. The famous Sam Loyd chess problem, Excelsior, was named after this poem.
Synopsis.
The poem describes a young man passing through a town bearing the banner "Excelsior" (translated from Latin as "ever higher", also loosely but more widely as "onward and upward"), ignoring all warnings, climbing higher until inevitably, "lifeless, but beautiful" he is found by the "faithful hound" half-buried in the snow, "still clasping in his hands of ice that banner with the strange device, "Excelsior!""
Related matters.
The poem was a staple of American readers for many years, and "A Plea for Old Cap Collier" by Irvin S. Cobb, satirized it. His description is partly based on an illustration used in the readers. The words quoted are Longfellow's:
The title of "Excelsior" was reportedly inspired by the state seal of New York, which bears the Latin motto "Excelsior". Longfellow had seen it earlier on a scrap of newspaper. Longfellow's first draft, now in the Harvard University Library, notes that he finished the poem at three o'clock in the morning on September 28, 1841.
"Excelsior" was printed in "Supplement to the Courant", "Connecticut Courant", vol. VII no. 2, January 22, 1841.
James Thurber (1894–1961) illustrated the poem in "The Thurber Carnival" in 1945.
There is a Lancashire version or parody, "Uppards", written by Marriott Edgar one hundred years later in 1941.
The poem was set to music as a duet for tenor and baritone by the Irish composer Michael William Balfe, and was a staple of Victorian and Edwardian drawing rooms.
Lorenz Hart alludes to Longfellow's poem in the title song of the musical "On Your Toes".
"Excelsior" also became a trade name for wood shavings used as packing material or furniture stuffing. In "Bullwinkle's Corner", Bullwinkle the Moose parodies the poem in Season 2 Episode 18 (1960–61) of The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show:
The poem is the base for the motto of Wynberg Allen School in Mussorie, India. It is also the name and motto for the Brampton, Ontario, Canada box lacrosse teams. In 1871 Mr. George Lee, a Brampton High School teacher introduced lacrosse to the town. He proposed the name "Excelsior", which he took from Longfellow's poem. In 1883 the Brampton Excelsiors Lacrosse Club was officially formed. The name has been used for all levels of box lacrosse in Brampton ever since.
In Thornton Wilder's "The Skin of Our Teeth", the entire action of the play happens in a fictitious New Jersey town with the name "Excelsior". Longfellow is also directly mentioned with a fictitious poem towards the end of Act I.

</doc>
<doc id="2842107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842107" title="Green Wave">
Green Wave

The Green Wave is the name of numerous sports teams, most prominently those of Tulane University's Green Wave in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Other teams using the "Green Wave" name include:

</doc>
<doc id="2842113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842113" title="Tulane Green Wave">
Tulane Green Wave

Green Wave, the nickname of the sports teams of Tulane University, was adopted during the 1920 season, after a song titled "The Rolling Green Wave" was published in the "Tulane Hullabaloo" in 1920. From 1893 to 1919 the athletic teams of Tulane were officially known as "The Olive and Blue," for the official school colors. In 1919 the "Tulane Weekly", one of Tulane's many student newspapers at the time and the predecessor of the "Tulane Hullabaloo", began referring to the football team as the "Greenbacks," an unofficial nickname that also led to another: the "Greenies."
Tulane competes in NCAA Division I as a member of the American Athletic Conference (The American). The university was a charter member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), in which it competed until 1966. Tulane, along with other academically-oriented, private schools had considered forming the Southern Ivy League (aka Magnolia Conference) in the 1950s. In 2012 the university announced it would move to the Big East Conference (later renamed the American Athletic Conference) in all sports in July 2014. There are 16 Green Wave intercollegiate programs: football, basketball, baseball, track and cross country, tennis, women's volleyball, women's sand volleyball, women's golf, women's bowling, and women's swimming and diving.
NCAA intercollegiate sports.
Football.
The Tulane football team, established in 1893, competes in NCAA Division I FBS college football and The American. They are coached by Curtis Johnson and play home games in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. In 2011 it was announced they will move to a new on-campus stadium in 2014.
Baseball.
The Tulane baseball team, also established in 1893, is managed by head coach Rick Jones. They play home games on campus at Greer Field at Turchin Stadium.
Basketball.
Both the men's and women's basketball teams play home games in Devlin Fieldhouse, named after a donation that enabled extensive renovations in 2012–13. It is the 9th-oldest active basketball venue in the nation.
The Tulane men's basketball team, established in 1905, is coached by Ed Conroy, who was hired as head coach in 2010.
Tulane's women's basketball program has found continuous success under the coaching of Lisa Stockton, who began at Tulane in 1995. That year, Stockton led the team to its first NCAA Tournament appearance and was named Metro Conference Coach of the Year. That first appearance began a string of 9 consecutive NCAA Tournament berths. The team has been regular-season C-USA champions 4 times, most recently in the 2009–10 season, when they held a 23–6 record (14–2 in C-USA). In addition, they have won the C-USA tournament 5 times: 1996–97, 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01, and 2009–10. Lisa Stockton is the winningest coach in C-USA history and has twice been named C-USA Coach of the Year (2006–07 and 2009–10). 
2006–07 seniors Jami Montagnino (ranked 5th in NCAA Division I teams in free-throw percentage) and D'Aundra Henry proved essential to the team's success, both hitting 1,000 points for their careers in that season. The team that season was upset by Rice 64–52 in the C-USA semifinals in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and did not receive an at-large bid to the 2007 NCAA Tournament. With a final record of 25–6, they became the first team with 25 or more wins and six or fewer losses not to make it into the 64-team bracket, along with a 26–3 Montana team. Following a 62–53 win over UAB in the 2010 C-USA Tournament Final, the team advanced to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2003. During the 2011–12 season, senior Brett Benzio became the second female and third Tulane basketball player ever to reach 1,000 points and 1,000 rebounds in a season.
Effects of Hurricane Katrina.
As a result of Hurricane Katrina in August 2005, Tulane's varsity sports teams, with the exception of cross country and track and field, moved to four universities in Texas and Louisiana for the remainder of that academic semester, while continuing to represent Tulane in competition:
For its fortitude in the face of Katrina, the 2005 Tulane football team received Disney's Wide World of Sports Spirit Award and the Football Writers Association of America Annual Courage Award. The university's Renewal Plan called for the suspension of some of its sports, and it did not return to a full 16 teams until the 2011-12 school year.
Athletics reform.
In 2003 Tulane undertook a comprehensive review of its athletics department commitments in light of the long-term goals and mission of the school. The outcome of the review was a renewed commitment to fielding a strong Division I athletic program, but also a resolution to make Tulane a model program in terms of academic performance, graduation rates, financial viability, and support for the overall University mission. (In 2003 Tulane's graduation rate for student-athletes stood at 79%, ranking 14th among all Division I programs.)
To that end, President Scott Cowen began a dialog with other university presidents calling for a change to the existing system that rewards established powers at the expense of less successful programs. His criticisms, in particular of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) in football, led to the creation of the Presidential Coalition for Athletics Reform and opened the door for hearings on college athletics revenues in the Senate Judiciary Committee in October 2003. On February 29, 2004, the BCS met in Miami, Florida, and agreed to amend revenue distribution and open the series to more opportunities for non-BCS teams. As a member of the BCS Presidential Oversight Committee, Cowen remains active in decision-making regarding the future of college football.
Tulane Athletics Fund.
Tulane Athletics Fund, the official fundraising arm of Tulane Green Wave, supports Green Wave student-athletes in their academic, athletic, and community pursuits by providing unrestricted annual funds to the Athletics department. It is a component of the Tulane Fund, Tulane University's annual giving program.
In 2007 the fund set a record for membership with 2,210 donors contributing. In 2011 it spearheaded the "Home Field Advantage" campaign aimed at funding the new Tulane Community Stadium on the Uptown campus.
Fan traditions.
: "The Olive and the Blue"(aka "Roll On, Tulane").
Here's a song for the Olive and the Blue<br>
Here's a cheer for the team that's tried and true,<br>
Here's a pledge of loyalty to thee,<br>
Oh, Tulane Varsity,<br>
Here's to the Greenbacks that never will say die<br>
And here's to the hearts that are true,<br>
To the men of Tulane, who are fighting for her name<br>
For the Olive and the Blue.
(CHORUS)<br>
Roll, Green Wave, roll them down the field!<br>
Hold, Green Wave, that line must never yield!<br>
When those Greenbacks charge through the line,<br>
They're bound for Victory,<br>
Hail Green Wave, for you we give a cheer.<br>
Hail Green Wave, for you we have no fear,<br>
So ev'ry man on ev'ry play,<br>
And then we'll win the game today,<br>
Hurrah for Old Tulane.
Tulane fight song.
Green Wave Green Wave,<br>
Hats off to Thee.<br>
We're out to<br>
Fight Fight Fight<br>
For our Victory.<br>
Shout to the Skies<br>
Our Green Wave War Cries.<br>
The Bravest we'll Defy.<br>
Hold that Line for<br>
Olive and Blue.<br>
We will Cheer for You.<br>
So Fight, Fight, Old Tulane<br>
Fight on to Victory.
: "The Hullabaloo".
A One, A Two,<br>
A Helluva Hullabaloo<br>
A Hullabaloo - Ray Ray<br>
A Hullabaloo - Ray Ray<br> 
Hooray Hooray<br> 
Varsa Varsa Tee Ay<br> 
Tee Ay, Tee Ay<br> 
Varsa Varsa Tee Ay<br> 
Tulane!
Tulane Historic Drinking Song.
Drink, drink, drink, drink<br>
Drink, drink, drink, drink,<br>
Drink... to Ole, Tu - lane.<br>
Gather 'round, gather 'round,<br>
Drink it down, drink it down.<br>
Drink a cup and sing a song of cheer,<br>
Raise your glasses high,<br>
And drink them dry.<br>
Drink, be merry while the gang's all here.<br>
And we'll drink, drink, drink, drink,<br>
A toast, to the team.<br>
Fighting for the Olive and the Blue.<br>
Scream and yell, LIKE HELL,<br>
And the game will tell,<br>
The victory of Tulane U.<br>
Tulane Alma Mater.
We praise thee for thy past, O Alma Mater!<br>
Thy hand hath done its work full faithfully.<br>
The incense of thy spirit has ascended<br>
And filled America from sea to sea!<br>
Olive Green and Blue! We love thee!<br>
Pledge we now our fealty true<br>
Where the trees are ever greenest,<br>
Where the skies are purest blue.<br>
Hear us now, O Tulane, hear us,<br>
As we proudly sing to thee!<br>
Take from us our hearts’ devotion,<br>
Thine we are and thine shall be!
Logo and mascot.
Tulane officials commissioned John Chase in 1945 to illustrate the covers of its football game programs. He came up with Greenie, a mischievous boy who would be considered an unofficial mascot by many fans. Chase illustrated Greenie on program covers until 1969.
In 1963 the Athletics Director and Eldon Endacott, manager of the university bookstore, contacted Art Evans, a commercial artist who already had designed the Boilermaker mascot for Purdue University, the Wisconsin Badgers and the University of Southern California Trojan, to create a new mascot for Tulane athletics. His design for a mean-looking anthropomorphic wave-crest was officially adopted in 1964.
A new logo consisting of a white block "T" with green and blue waves crossing its center was adopted in 1986 as the primary symbol for official uniforms, though the "Angry Wave" cartoon continued to be used in licensed products, and a costumed wave nicknamed "Gumby" also served as the mascot.
A full redesign of all athletics logos and marks was commissioned in 1998, replacing the "angry wave" and "wavy T" designs with a green and blue oblique "T" crested by a foamy wave. "Gumby" was replaced with a new pelican mascot, recalling the university seal, and the fact that a pelican was often used in the first half of the century as the emblem of Tulane's athletics teams. The pelican is also the Louisiana state bird and is found on the state flag and state seal). The name "Riptide" was selected for the performing pelican by the administration after a vote of the student body in which the students actually voted that the pelican be named "Pecker." The pelican mascot name may have been so voted as the student body had also overwhelmingly voted for Poseidon to be the mascot. Poseidon was rejected by the administration and student body government because it could be portrayed as a white male.

</doc>
<doc id="2842115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842115" title="Scotia Square">
Scotia Square

Scotia Square is a commercial development in Downtown Halifax, in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia managed by Halifax Developments Limited. It was built in the late sixties to mid seventies. It is connected to the Downtown Halifax Link and serves as a major Metro Transit bus terminal in Halifax.[http://halifaxdevelopments.com/about.asp]. 
Location and layout.
Scotia Square consists of a mall, a hotel, and a number of office towers connected to each other and to other buildings by pedways and tunnels. The complex is adjacent to the Cogswell Interchange, and it fronts on Duke Street to the south, Barrington Street to the east, and Albemarle Street (formerly Market Street) to the west.
Future Development.
A proposal has been put forward by Crombie REIT with DSRA Architects to expand the Scotia Square Complex along Barrington Street. The proposed 3-story development would include street-level commercial, as well as office and retail above. The changes would bring the site into better agreement with HRM design guidelines mandating more pedestrian-oriented districts. 

</doc>
<doc id="2842116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842116" title="Complete Wheat Bran Flakes">
Complete Wheat Bran Flakes

Kellogg's Complete Wheat Bran Flakes is a breakfast cereal containing 100% of the United States' Recommended Dietary Allowance of eleven vitamins and minerals, including vitamins B1, B3, B5, B6, B12, C, E, and Iron, Riboflavin, Folic Acid, and Zinc. One 3/4 cup serving contains 3 grams of protein, 5 grams of dietary fiber and 90 calories, 5 of which come from fat. Kellogg's Complete contains no cholesterol.
In 2005, a typical box of Kellogg's Complete weights 17.3 ounces (490 grams), has about 17 servings per box, and costs about $4.50.
Ingredients: Whole wheat, wheat bran, sugar, high fructose corn syrup, salt, malt flavoring.

</doc>
<doc id="2842122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842122" title="South Thames College">
South Thames College

South Thames College incorporating Merton College is a further education college situated in the south west of London.
History.
An educational establishment, which is now known as South Thames College, has existed at the Wandsworth site in south west London for more than 100 years. The institute was founded in 1895 by a tax on whisky. Students had to pay what was then a substantial fee of £1 a term for day classes. When it began there were around 500 students studying there, a large number at those times.
1910-11 College regulations stated that "...each boy must wear the school cap or straw hat; he must also provide himself with a satchel, gymnasium shoes and a swimming costume." Apparently, the caps came in different colours depending on what "House" the student belonged to and, according to one student in 1930, the colours used to run in the rain, staining the students' faces blue, red, green or yellow.
Today.
Today, South Thames College is one of the largest further education colleges in London, having recently merged with Merton College. The centres are based in the south west of London with the main centres in Wandsworth, Merton and Tooting.
Courses.
The college specialises in vocational training in subject areas such as business and computing, hair and beauty, construction, media, music, performing arts, catering and travel and tourism. A Level courses and higher education and access courses are also available, as well as a wide selection of leisure and taster courses ranging from Swedish massage to bicycle maintenance. 
There are nearly 2,000 further, higher and adult education full and part-time courses on offer to school leavers and adult learners.
Redevelopment.
The College has undergone a radical makeover with over £140 million invested in recent years. The College is also investing £5.7 million in a new Hospitality and Catering Academy at the Merton Campus. Courses at the Academy will begin in September 2014. 
The college’s facilities include:
Ofsted Rating.
The College was inspected by Ofsted in June 2009 and again in May 2012 and was awarded a ‘Good’ rating in both inspections. The college has a long-term aim to become an ‘Outstanding’ college. Ofsted praised the college’s rising success rates and the “safe and inclusive environment”.

</doc>
<doc id="2842131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842131" title="Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School">
Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School

Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School ("TASSS") is located at 1009 Armour Road North in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1967 and is located on bordering on the Otonabee River. It is a member of the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board.
History.
TASSS is named after Thomas Alexander Stewart (1786-1847). Thomas and his wife, Frances Browne Stewart (1794-1872), emigrated to Canada with their children and Thomas' brother-in-law and former business partner, Robert Reid, and his family. The party of 27 set sail from Belfast Lough on June 1, 1822. Seven weeks were spent on the ship before reaching Quebec. From Quebec they travelled to Kingston, and then on to York, where Stewart and Reid were each granted , provided they settled in an township. Douro Township in Peterborough County was suggested as a promising region. On September 9, 1822, Stewart and Reid travelled to the area with surveyor Richard Birdsall, and each chose land on the Otonabee River. Thomas and Frances developed their home, "Auburn," on Lot 1, Concession 1, raising a family of 10 children to adulthood and assisting other settlers. Thomas Stewart became a prominent and influential citizen in the area until his death in 1847 from typhoid fever.
The school opened in 1967 as Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School and Auburn Vocational School. The vocational school later closed. The office for Auburn became the guidance office, cafeteria became a dance studio, and the library became the head office for the Peterborough Regional Integrated Arts Program (PRIA). The integrated arts program moved to TAS in 2012 after the closing of PCVS.
Campus and facilities.
The school is located on bordering on the Otonabee River. TASS is a 219,238 sq. ft. building containing 59 classrooms. The auditorium can hold 800 students. It was designed by architects Craig, Zeidler and Strong to house between 1200 and 1400 students comfortably, but has held in excess of 1600 students during the early 1980s.
Indoors.
Its indoor facilities include:
Outdoors.
Outdoors, the school boasts:
Students.
Students come from an equal mix of rural and urban homes. TAS has students from the communities of Ashburnham, Douro, Keene, Otonabee, Emily, and a small percentage from the Hiawatha Lake Reserve on the shore of Rice Lake. Approximately 74% of the students are bused to school.
Amigos Program.
This high school project is designed to:
"At the beginning of class, I saw the disability first, now I see the person."
Amigos are students without disabilities. They are matched with students from Learning and Life Skills classes on the basis of mutual interests. The goal is to develop mutually satisfying friendships.
Amigos and students spend at least one hour a week together over the lunch hour - hanging out with friends, having lunch, attending a school activity, participating in whatever is going on. The whole group gets together once per month.
Amigos have the chance to make a difference in someone else's life, appreciate someone for who they are, and at the same time make their school a more inclusive, accepting place.
House system.
A house system was established in 2004. There were originally 8 houses. This number was reduced to 4 houses at the beginning of the 2006-2007 school year. 
The house system was designed to create and encourage positive spirit at Thomas A. Stewart. The House program included activities in athletics, arts and academics. The house system was discontinued at the end of the 2008-2009 school year. However, the house system was re-established during the 2012-13 school year, following the integration with PCVS. They adopted the new houses from PCVS.
The four current ex.PCVS houses are:
The four original TASSS houses and their corresponding colours were:
Peterborough Petes.
High-school age members of the Peterborough Petes Major Junior A Hockey Club attend the school. Some notable Petes who attended TAS include:

</doc>
<doc id="2842137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842137" title="Young Firpo">
Young Firpo

Young Firpo (April 25, 1907-August 21, 1984) was a professional light-heavyweight boxer. He began his career in Burke, Idaho. He was a popular fighter in the Pacific Northwest during the 1920s and 1930s, particularly in Portland, Oregon. He was also a ranked Light-Heavyweight contender during the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="2842141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842141" title="X1000">
X1000

X1000 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842145" title="44th National Hockey League All-Star Game">
44th National Hockey League All-Star Game

The 44th National Hockey League All-Star Game was the last All-Star game to take place at the Montreal Forum on February 6, 1993. Before the start of the game there was a tribute to Mario Lemieux, who was in attendance, but could not play due to his treatments for Hodgkin's Disease. Mike Gartner would take Mark Messier's place in the All-Star lineup and ended up becoming the fourth player in All-Star history to score four goals in one game and becoming All-Star M.V.P., the first New York Ranger so honored. The final score was Wales Conference 16, Campbell Conference 6. This was also the first All-Star Game in which the San Jose Sharks sent a representative.
Super Skills Competition.
The Campbell Conference would win their first Skills Competition since the 1990 Skills Competition after going through a penalty shot tie-breaker. Ray Bourque matched his 4 hits on 4 shots in the Accuracy Shooting event, while Mike Gartner established a new record in the Fastest Skater event at 13.510 seconds. Al Iafrate won the Hardest Shot event slapping the puck at 105.2 mph, which held the record as Hardest Shot for 16 years until it was broken in 2009 by Zdeno Chara, who shot 105.4 mph, which he improved to 105.9 mph in 2011 and again to 108.8 mph in 2012.
Notes.
The game set several All-Star Game records:
Team Records:
Individual Records:

</doc>
<doc id="2842155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842155" title="Ultraphobic">
Ultraphobic

Ultraphobic is the fourth studio album by American rock band Warrant. Released on March 7, 1995 on CMC International, after the apparent break-up of the band, the record was regarded as the band's "comeback" album. It features former Kingdom Come and Wild Horses members Rick Steier and James Kottak who came in to replace original band members Joey Allen and Steven Sweet.
Musical style.
"Ultraphobic" saw Warrant acknowledging the Grunge phenomenon with a record that openly admitted to a Seattle influence, although was still a natural regression from the hard edged "Dog Eat Dog". It is vaguely similar to Danger Danger's "Dawn", which was also released in 1995. In particular, the record represented an experimentation with the grunge sounds which had by this time become popular, and which, ironically, had contributed to the band's commercial demise. In songs such as "Undertow" and "Followed" the band attempted to mix pop metal sounds with the alternative stylings of Seattle bands such as Alice in Chains and Soundgarden.
Production and marketing.
Warrant began recording "Ultraphobic" in November 1994 with producer Beau Hill. The band supported the release of the record with a national tour beginning in Dallas, Texas.
A music video was made for the first single "Family Picnic" with a strong message against family violence and for the second single "Stronger Now", which Jani Lane refers to as the best song he has ever written.
"Followed" was released as the third single of the album.
Lyrics.
Lyrically, the album appears to have been heavily influenced by the painful divorce which vocalist Jani Lane endured during the record's production.

</doc>
<doc id="2842189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842189" title="Hyphenation algorithm">
Hyphenation algorithm

A hyphenation algorithm is a set of rules (especially one codified for implementation in a computer program) that decides at which points a word can be broken over two lines with a hyphen. For example, a hyphenation algorithm might decide that "impeachment" can be broken as "impeach-ment" or "im-peachment", but not, say, as "impe-achment".
One of the reasons for the complexity of the rules of word-breaking is that different "dialects" of English tend to differ on the rule: American English tends to work on sound, while British English tends to look to the origins of the word and then to sound. There are also a large number of exceptions, which further complicates matters.
Some rules of thumb can be found in the reference "On Hyphenation – Anarchy of Pedantry". Among algorithmic approaches to hyphenation, the one implemented in the TeX typesetting system is widely used. It is thoroughly documented in the first two volumes of
"Computers and Typesetting" and in Frank Liang's dissertation. Contrary to the belief that TeX relies on a large dictionary of exceptions, the point of Liang's work was to get the algorithm as accurate as he practically could and keep any exception dictionary small. In TeX's original hyphenation patterns for US English, the exception list contains fourteen words.
Hyphenation in TeX.
Ports of the TeX hyphenation algorithm are available as libraries for several programming languages, including Perl, Ruby, Haskell, Python, and PostScript, and TeX itself can be made to show hyphens in the log by using the codice_1 command.
In LaTeX hyphenation correction can be added by user using:
The \hyphenation command declares allowed hyphenation points, where words is a list of words, separated by spaces, in which each hyphenation point is indicated by a - character. For example
declares that in the current job "fortran" should not be hyphenated, and that if "ergonomic" must be hyphenated, to do so at the indicated points.
However, there are several limitations. For example, the stock \hyphenation command only accepts ASCII letters (by default), so it cannot be used to correct hyphenation for words with non-ASCII characters (esp. ä,ö,ü,é,è,à,ç...) which are very common in almost all languages except English. Simple workarounds exist, however.

</doc>
<doc id="2842191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842191" title="Matthew Amoah">
Matthew Amoah

Mathew Amoah (born 24 October 1980 in Tema) is a Ghanaian international striker who is currently without a club.
Club career.
Vitesse and Fortuna.
Amoah moved at the age of 16 to the Netherlands, where he linked with Vitesse Arnhem, spending eight seasons at the football club. His early departure from his homeland has led to an almost anonymous profile there because he never played any top level club football in Ghana, although in Amoah's home town of Tema his achievements in Europe have not gone unnoticed. With three brothers, Amoah learned his craft on the streets of the Ghanaian town and at the age of 15, he was spotted by scouts from the Dutch club while playing in an international youth tournament for his club Great Ambassadors.
After Amoah moved to Vitesse, he did not play regularly. So in other to get regular playing action, Amoah needed a loan spell at Fortuna Sittard to find his feet in Dutch football before going back at Arnhem where coach Ronald Koeman gave him a chance. And the move paid off as the club's supporters named him their best player after the 2002–03 season, in which he scored 15 goals for the club and also competed in European club competition. Amoah played his heart out at Vitesse where he developed into a good striker. It was his great performances at Vitesse which gained him a call up to his homeland Ghana's national team. In Vitesse he scored 62 goals in 174 appearances for the club.
Borussia Dortmund.
Amoah signed with Borussia Dortmund in December 2005, during the winter transfer window, rejoining coach Bert van Marwijk, who managed him during the 1999–2000 season at another Dutch side, Fortuna Sittard. Amoah signed a two-year contract, but could only manage seventeen first-team appearances (going scoreless in the process) in one-and-a-half seasons. "There was a number of options but Amoah was the one the manager wanted", Hans-Joachim Watzke, Dortmund's finance director, told the "Westfälische Rundschau" at the time.
NAC Breda.
The 26-year-old Amoah signed a three-year deal with Eredivisie's NAC Breda on 3 July 2007, after a medical. The former Vitesse forward returned to the Netherlands after a lack of first-team opportunities at Dortmund. "We have been working on this deal for months", NAC technical director Earnie Stewart said. "First it looked like it was impossible for the player to sign, but this week negotiations went quicker." Amoah was instrumental in the attack of NAC Breda since his arrival in July 2007. He scored more than eight goals in every season at the club. He scored 11 goals in his first season, 12 in his second season and then nine in his third season. He was the topscorer of NAC Breda and was loved by the supporters for his spectacular goals which helped the club a lot. The 29-year-old Ghanaian played 101 matches for NAC Breda.
Mersin İdmanyurdu.
Amoah signed a two-year contract with Mersin İdmanyurdu SK, the newly promoted Turkish club. He only played five matches for the team and left Turkey after one year.
SC Heerenveen.
In June 2012, Amoah signed with Eredivisie side SC Heerenveen. However, after one season in which he played no single match for the club, he was released in June 2013.
International career.
Ghana first selected Amoah ahead of the 2002 CAF Africa Cup of Nations and it was in the tournament in Mali where he made his debut. But after the Black Stars were eliminated in the quarter-finals, Amoah only ever received one more call-up before the appointment of coach Ratomir Dujkovic in December 2004. The Serb brought Amoah back for his first game in charge, and Amoah has been in the squad ever since.
An international since 2002 he made his debut on 21 January 2002, Segou in a Ghana, Morocco encounter at the Africa Cup of Nations: 2002, Amoah was an instrumental figure in Ghana's first qualification for the World Cup, scoring three goals in three consecutive and important qualifying matches. Matthew Amoah finished as Ghana's leading scorer in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, his five strikes proving pivotal in the Black Stars' march to a second successive tournament. His tally added to the three goals he scored in the 2006 qualifiers that also made a major contribution to Ghana's march to their first-ever FIFA World Cup finals appearance. He also played in their World cup debut even though he did not score in any of the matches he played, his ability, runs and passes helped the team to the group of 16.
In 2010, he helped his nation qualify for another world cup. He played in two matches, which he was brought in as a substitute. He is a member of the Ghanaian Golden Era of footballers including Fulham right back John Paintsil and Chelsea versatile midfielder Michael Essien and former captain Steven Appiah who now plays for Italian Club Cesena and formerly Fenerbahçe SK and Juventus player. Amoah has scored 13 times in 40 appearances for Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="2842192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842192" title="Spelling Bee of Canada">
Spelling Bee of Canada

The Spelling Bee of Canada is a charitable, educational organization founded in the Greater Toronto Area in 1987, in an initial attempt to create a national Canadian spelling bee. That led to the development of an Ontario Spelling Bee. SBOC is now unifying all the Provinces for a National Spelling Bee. To date over 45,000 children have participated in the programme.
The SBOC organizes annual family of schools and communities spelling bees aimed at children and youth 6-14 years of age. The participants are placed into one of three categories, Primary age 6 to 8, Junior age 9 to 11 and Intermediate age 12 to 14, to vie for cash, trophies and prizes, 15+ students will become mentors to participants in their Region. Unique in its style, the Spelling Bee of Canada does not require that you attend a registered school, or have a prerequisite of a newspaper sponsor to take part in competition. 
SBOC still only operates almost exclusively in Ontario, with its highest level of competition, the SBOC Ontario finals. Currently, they are taking registrations for future Provinces. The Spelling Bee of Canada Championship is aired on Rogers TV Rogers TV. It has received much less media attention than the now defunct Canspell National Spelling Bee. However, it is hosting the first Canadian Invitational during Busy Bee week in Toronto, in June 2012. They also organize an annual Multi-High School Spelling Bee Championship.
Recent SBOC Ontario winners.
1st place - Varjitt Jeeva 
2nd place - Keerthana Ravigulan 
3rd place - Samuel Heersink
1st place - Dhivian Premakumar
2nd place - Jeffrey Baer
3rd place - Kiruthiha Vimalakanthan
1st place - Gazal Grewal
2nd place - Charlie Gray
3rd place - Katie Martin
1st place - Jeffrey Baer
2nd place - Kiruthiha Vimalakanthan
3rd place - David Sheps
1st place - Katie Martin
2nd place - Jill O'Craven
3rd place - Kim Tran Nguyen
1st place - Leslie Newcombe
2nd place - Angus Benderavage
3rd place - Sarah Bowers
1st place - David Chan
2nd place - Laura Newcombe 
3rd place - Veronica Penny
1st place - Katie Martin
2nd place - Zuhaer Anzum Zim
3rd place - Maleika Jeewanjee
1st place - Umayangga Yogalingam
2nd place - Donald Bowins
3rd place - Merany Ganesan
1st Place - Caitlin McLaren
2nd place - Alexander Newcombe
3rd place - Jessica Zung
1st Place - Zakhar Husak
2nd Place - Zhongtian (Niuniu) Wang
3rd Place - Neharika Nair
1st Place - Daniela Kistemaker
2nd Place - Janahan Selvanayagam
3rd Place - Veronica Penny
1st Place - Jessica Zung
2nd Place - Alexander Newcombe
3rd Place - Ibrahim Tahir
1st Place - Veronica Penny
2nd Place - Anna Lawrence
3rd Place - Laura Newcombe
1st Place - Ibrahim Tahir
2nd Place - Alexander Newcombe
1st Place - Maya Sen Chawla
1st Place Umaiyahl Nageswaran
2nd Place
1st Place - Veronica Penny
2nd Place - Emma McLaren
3rd Place - Laura Newcombe
1st Place
2nd Place
1st Place
2nd Place
3rd Place
2013 Junior
1st Place
2nd Place
1st Place Veronica Penny
2nd Place
1st Place - Evangeline Bodhuri
2nd Place - Sahar Fateema
3rd Place - Joshua M
1st Place - 
2nd Place - Justin Borromeo
3rd Place -
Note.
SBOC is not affiliated with the US-based Scripps National Spelling Bee. You need to compete in a local bee with a local media sponsor in order to qualify for the Scripps bee.

</doc>
<doc id="2842197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842197" title="Hurricane Vince">
Hurricane Vince

Hurricane Vince was an unusual hurricane that developed in the northeastern Atlantic basin. Forming in October during the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, it strengthened over waters thought to be too cold for tropical development. Vince was the twentieth named tropical cyclone and twelfth hurricane of the extremely active season.
Vince developed from an extratropical system on October 8, becoming a subtropical storm southeast of the Azores. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) did not officially name the storm until the next day, shortly before Vince became a hurricane. The storm weakened at sea and made landfall on the Iberian Peninsula as a tropical depression on October 11. Vince was the first tropical system to do so since the 1842 Spain hurricane. It dissipated over Spain, bringing much needed rain to the region, and its remnants passed into the Mediterranean Sea.
Meteorological history.
On October 5, an operationally unnamed subtropical storm which had gone unnoticed by the NHC was absorbed by a temperate frontal low, which was moving to the southeast over the Azores. The low pressure system gained a more concentrated circulation and lost its frontal structure after absorbing the subtropical storm. The developing system became a subtropical storm itself early on October 8, 580 miles (930 km) southeast of Lajes in the Azores. However, the NHC decided not to name the system Vince at the time, because the water temperature was too low for normal development for a tropical cyclone. The storm gradually gained the tropical characteristics of symmetry and a warm inner core and became a tropical storm the next day. Its transformation to a tropical system occurred over water cooler than 24 °C (75 °F), much colder than the 26.5 °C (80 °F) usually required for tropical development.
Soon after it became a tropical storm on October 9 near Madeira, with a ragged eye already present, the NHC officially named it Tropical Storm Vince and began to issue advisories. At the time there was some uncertainty as to whether Vince was tropical or subtropical but, in his post-season analysis, forecaster James L. Franklin of the NHC conceded that Vince had formed as a subtropical storm and had evolved into a tropical storm before it was named. The storm's ragged eye quickly solidified and contracted into a "bona fide" eye with a diameter of 15 mi (25 km). This increase in organization was accompanied by strengthening, and Vince reached its peak strength as a hurricane with 75 mph (120 km/h) winds later that day. The NHC forecaster decided that "if it looks like a hurricane, it probably is, despite its environment and unusual location".
Hurricane Vince's impressive organization was very short lived as westerly wind shear began to erode the eye within hours. In response, the storm weakened to a tropical storm shortly thereafter. A broad low-level trough approached the storm from the northwest, pulling the convection northward as the storm's low-level center accelerated eastward. On October 10, two brief bursts of convection surprised forecasters, but with the sea surface temperature as low as 22 °C (72 °F), the flares were not sustained. Vince continued to weaken as it approached the Iberian Peninsula and became a tropical depression on October 11, shortly before it made landfall near Huelva, Spain. The fast-moving tropical depression quickly dissipated over land. Its remnants moved across southern Spain, dumping rain on the drought-ridden region, and moved into the Mediterranean Sea south of Alicante in the early hours of October 12.
Preparations and impact.
The Spanish Center for Emergency Coordination declared a rain pre-emergency for the province of Castellón in the anticipation that Hurricane Vince would bring rains capable of flooding. The Instituto Nacional de Meteorología (INM) issued a bulletin that warned of a 40% chance of flooding. Four autonomous regions (Asturias, Cataluña, Castile and León, and Galicia) issued flood warnings, and Canarias issued a wind warning. Spanish fishing fleets off the Andalusian coast returned to port and weathered the storm on their moorings rather than in the open ocean.
Spain's population, which had been battling fires after a record breaking summer drought, welcomed the rains brought by Vince's remnants. In two days the storm brought more rain to the province of A Coruña than had fallen all summer, easing the sinking water levels in provincial reservoirs, but also causing traffic jams and minor floods. In Córdoba province, the A-303, A-306 and OC-293 roads were partially flooded but "passable with caution". Municipal roadworks on la Ronda de Poniente, a major traffic artery connecting the city to nearby highways, were flooded and partially destroyed. The entrance of the University of A Coruña was temporarily blocked by flood waters on October 11, and a nearby roundabout was submerged. These damages were minor, and no fatalities were reported. The highest winds reported on land were 48 mph (77 km/h) at Jerez, Spain, although some ships recorded stronger. Vince was comparable to normal rain events from temperate systems, with only 1 to 2 inches (25 to 50 mm) of rain falling. Through a play on words of a song in the musical "My Fair Lady", National Hurricane Center forecaster James Franklin in the Tropical Cyclone Report for Vince wrote, "the rain in Spain was mainly less than 2 inches, although 3.30 inches (84 mm) fell in the plain at Córdoba."
Records and naming.
Although Hurricane Vince developed in an unusual location in the northeastern Atlantic, well away from where tropical cyclones are usually found, it is neither the most northerly-forming nor the most easterly-forming Atlantic tropical storm; these records are held by Alberto of the 1988 season at 41.5° N, and Ginger of the 1967 season at 18.1° W, respectively.
Hurricane Vince developed into a "hurricane" farther east than any known storm, at 18.9° W. The National Hurricane Center declared that Vince was the first tropical cyclone on record to have made landfall on the Iberian Peninsula. Historical documents, however, suggest that a possibly stronger tropical storm, the 1842 Spain hurricane, struck the Iberian Peninsula on October 29, 1842. Vince's record north was broken by Tropical Storm Grace (2009).
When Subtropical Storm Vince formed on October 8, it was the earliest in the season that the twenty-first tropical or subtropical storm had ever developed, 38 days ahead of the previous record held by Tropical Storm Twenty-one of the 1933 season. Hurricane Vince was also the first named "V" storm in the Atlantic since naming began in 1950. Because the storm did not cause significant damage, the name "Vince" was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and was on the list of names for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2842206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842206" title="Borderlands Line">
Borderlands Line

The Borderlands Line (Welsh: "Llinell y Gororau") is the railway line between Wrexham, Wales, running north to Bidston on the Wirral in England.
Passenger train services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales between Wrexham Central and Bidston. Trains run every hour Monday to Saturday daytime, every two hours after 18:45 and on Sundays. Connections with other National Rail services are at Bidston (for Merseyrail services to West Kirby, Birkenhead and Liverpool), Shotton (for Chester and the North Wales Coast Line) and Wrexham General (for the Shrewsbury-Chester Line).
The line is sometimes also referred to as the Mid Wirral Line, as most of the line runs north-south through the middle of the Wirral peninsula. The Wirral's other railway routes are provided with frequent Merseyrail electric trains. The Borderlands Line has a relatively infrequent diesel operated service.
Holders of the Concessionary Travel Pass resident in Wrexham and Flintshire can travel free along part of the line, from Wrexham Central Station to Hawarden Bridge Station. Holders of the Merseytravel Concessionary Travel Pass can travel free along the section of the line that runs through Merseyside, from Heswall Station to Bidston Station.
Link to detailed map of the line. [http://www.borderlandsline.com/wp-content/uploads/borderlandsline-route.pdf]
Passenger services.
The train service is normally operated with Class 150s. It was formerly operated by Class 153s. In October 2006 the operator moved to using Class 150s or paired Class 153 units. The latter disappeared in favour of the Class 150s in December 2006.
The franchise.
Upon privatisation, passenger services were transferred from Regional Railways to North West Trains, later known as First North Western. In 2003, a review led to the creation of the All-Wales Franchise, meaning services were transferred to Wales & Borders Trains. Arriva Trains Wales succeeded Wales & Borders on 8 December 2003, and has operated all passenger services on the line since. Future electrification plans could see the line transfer to Merseyrail.
Infrastructure History.
The southern part of the line was built by the Wrexham, Mold and Connah's Quay Railway (WMCQR) and the northern part by the North Wales and Liverpool Railway, a joint committee of the WMCQR and the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway. Both railways were acquired by the Great Central Railway on 1 January 1905.
Two Wirral stations on the line closed in the 1950s; Storeton in 1951 and Burton Point in 1955. No trace of the station at Storeton remains, yet Burton Point station is still almost entirely intact, the station buildings currently forming part of a garden centre.
Development and electrification.
Proposals exist to electrify a section or all of the line with incorporation into the Wirral Line of the Merseyrail network, allowing through services to the underground sections of Birkenhead and Liverpool and onwards to Liverpool John Lennon Airport. New stations at Deeside Industrial Park, Woodchurch and Beechwood were in the proposal. Nothing definitive has been confirmed. In August 2006 it was announced there would be a feasibility study into the third-rail electrification of the line.
The most recent study, conducted by Network Rail in 2008, investigated the costs of extending the Merseyrail network third-rail electrification to Wrexham. However, when the cost was estimated at £207 million, Merseytravel announced that cheaper overhead-line electrification would also be considered. This would require dual-voltage trains with third-rail and overhead-wire capability or adopting trains using on-board supercapacitors that charge up very quickly while stopped at stations and run without wires until the next station for a subsequent recharge. The Welsh government is pressing for improved rail connections between North Wales and Liverpool which may accelerate the electrification of the line. However government budget restrictions in light of the Credit Crunch may further delay electrification.
There have been proposals included in the electrification plan for the construction of two new stations on the Wirral section of the line; Beechwood between Bidston and Upton to serve the Beechwood estate, and Woodchurch to serve Prenton, the Woodchurch estate and the North Cheshire Business Park. Connections would be provided to and from most of West Wirral's bus services to Birkenhead, and to "park and ride" travellers from other parts of the Wirral via the M53 motorway.
Political pressure to electrify the line continues. Network Rail has considered the effects of electrification.

</doc>
<doc id="2842207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842207" title="Battle of Bad Axe">
Battle of Bad Axe

The Battle of Bad Axe, also known as the Bad Axe Massacre, occurred 1–2 August 1832, between Sauk (Sac) and Fox Indians and United States Army regulars and militia. This final battle of the Black Hawk War took place near present-day Victory, Wisconsin in the United States. It marked the end of the war between white settlers and militia in Illinois and Michigan Territory, and the Sauk and Fox tribes under warrior Black Hawk.
The battle occurred in the aftermath of the Battle of Wisconsin Heights, as Black Hawk's band fled the pursuing militia. The militia caught up with them on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River, a few miles downstream from the mouth of the Bad Axe River. The battle that followed was very one-sided: historians have called it a since the 1850s. The fighting took place over two days, with the steamboat "Warrior" present on both days. By the second day, Black Hawk and most of the Native American leaders had fled, though many of the band stayed behind. The victory for the United States was decisive and the end of the war allowed much of Illinois and present-day Wisconsin to be opened for further settlement.
Background.
In an 1804 treaty between the governor of Indiana Territory and a council of leaders from the Sauk and Fox, Native American tribes ceded of their land to the United States for $2,234.50 and an annual annuity of $1,000. The treaty also allowed the Sauk and Fox to remain on their land until it was sold. The treaty was controversial; Sauk war leader Black Hawk, and others disputed its validity because they said that the full tribal councils were not consulted and the council that negotiated the treaty did not have the authority to cede land. After the discovery of lead in and around Galena, Illinois, during the 1820s, miners began moving into the area ceded in the 1804 treaty. When the Sauk and Fox returned from the winter hunt in 1829, they found their land occupied by white settlers and were forced to return west of the Mississippi River. 
Angered by the loss of his birthplace, Black Hawk led a number of incursions across the Mississippi River into Illinois between 1830 and 1831, but each time was persuaded to return west without bloodshed. In April 1832, encouraged by promises of alliance with other tribes and the British, he again moved his so-called "British Band" of around 1,000 warriors and non-combatants into Illinois. Finding no allies, he attempted to return across the Mississippi to present-day Iowa, but the undisciplined Illinois Militia's actions led to Black Hawk's surprising victory at the Battle of Stillman's Run. A number of other engagements followed, and the militia of Michigan Territory and the state of Illinois were mobilized to hunt down Black Hawk's band. The conflict became known as the Black Hawk War.
The period between the Battle of Stillman's Run in May and the raid at Sinsinawa Mound in late June was filled with war-related activity. A series of attacks at Buffalo Grove, the Plum River settlement, Fort Blue Mounds, and the war's most famous incident, the Indian Creek massacre, all took place between mid-May and late June 1832. Two key battles, one at Horseshoe Bend on 16 June and the other at Waddams Grove on 18 June, played a role in changing public perception about the militia after its defeat at Stillman's Run. The Battle of Apple River Fort on 24 June marked the end of a week that was an important turning point for the settlers. The fight was a 45-minute gun battle between defenders garrisoned inside Apple River Fort and Sauk and Fox warriors led by Chief Black Hawk. 
The next day, after an inconclusive skirmish at Kellogg's Grove, Black Hawk and his band fled the approaching militia through modern-day Wisconsin. The Sinsinawa Mound raid occurred on 29 June, five days after the Battle of Apple River Fort. As the band fled the pursuing militia, they passed through what are now Beloit and Janesville, then followed the Rock River toward Horicon Marsh, where they headed west toward the Four Lakes region, near modern-day Madison. On 21 July 1832, the militia caught up with Black Hawk's band as they attempted to cross the Wisconsin River, near the present-day Town of Roxbury, in Dane County, Wisconsin, resulting in the Battle of Wisconsin Heights.
Prelude.
A few hours after midnight on 22 July, with Black Hawk's band resting on a knoll on the Wisconsin Heights Battlefield, Neapope, one of the key leaders accompanying Black Hawk, attempted to explain to the nearby militia officers that his group wanted only to end the fighting and go back across the Mississippi River. In a "loud shrill voice" he delivered a conciliatory speech in his native Ho-Chunk language, assuming Pauquette and his band of Ho-Chunk guides were still with the militia at Wisconsin Heights. However, the U.S. troops did not understand him, because their Sauk allies had already departed the battlefield. Following this failed attempt at peace, Neapope abandoned the cause and returned to a nearby Ho-Chunk village. The British Band had slowly disintegrated over the months of conflict; most of the Ho-Chunk and Potawatomi that had joined were gone by the Battle of Bad Axe. Others, especially children and the elderly, had died of starvation while the band fled the pursuing militia through the swamps around Lake Koshkonong.
Following the engagement at Wisconsin Heights, the militia decided to wait until the following day to pursue Black Hawk. They heard, but did not understand, Neapope's speech during the night, and to their surprise, when morning arrived their enemy had disappeared. The battle, though militarily devastating for the British Band, had allowed much of the group to escape to temporary safety across the Wisconsin River. The reprieve was short-lived for many – a group of Fox women and children who attempted to escape down the Wisconsin following the battle were captured by U.S.-allied tribes or shot by soldiers further downstream. During the night, while the non-combatants escaped in canoes, Black Hawk and the remaining warriors crossed the river near present-day Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin. The band fled west over rugged terrain toward the banks of the Mississippi River, with a week's head start on the militia.
While the band fled west, Commanding General Henry Atkinson trimmed his force to a few hundred men and set out to join militia commanders Henry Dodge and James D. Henry to regroup and resupply at Fort Blue Mounds. Under the command of Atkinson, around 1,300 men from the commands of Henry, Dodge, Alexander Posey and Milton Alexander crossed the Wisconsin River between 27 July and 28 July near present day Helena, Wisconsin. The well-fed and rested militia force picked up Black Hawk's trail again on 28 July near present-day Spring Green, Wisconsin, and relatively quickly closed the gap on the famished and battle-weary band of Native Americans. On 1 August, Black Hawk and about 500 men, women, and children arrived at the eastern bank of the Mississippi, a few miles downstream from the mouth of the Bad Axe River. On arrival, the leaders of the band, including Black Hawk, called a council meeting to discuss their next move.
Battle.
First day.
Near the mouth of the Bad Axe River, on 1 August 1832, Black Hawk and Winnebago prophet and fellow British Band leader White Cloud advised the band against wasting time building rafts to cross the Mississippi River, because the U.S. forces were closing in, urging them instead to flee northward and seek refuge among the Ho-Chunk. However, most of the band chose to try to cross the river.
While some of the band managed to escape across the Mississippi River that afternoon, the steamboat "Warrior", commanded by Captain Joseph Throckmorton, appeared on the scene and halted the band's attempt to cross to safety. Waving a white flag, Black Hawk tried to surrender, but as had happened in the past the soldiers failed to understand and the scene deteriorated into battle. The warriors who survived the initial volley found cover and returned fire and a two-hour firefight ensued. The "Warrior" eventually withdrew from battle because of lack of fuel, and returned to Fort Crawford at Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
At the time, newspaper reports stated that 23 Native Americans were killed, including one woman estimated to be 19 years old; she was shot through her child's upper arm as she stood holding the child watching the battle. Her child was retrieved by Lieutenant Anderson after the battle, and taken to the surgical tent, where the baby's arm was amputated. The child was then taken to Prairie du Chien, where he is believed to have recovered. The fight convinced Black Hawk that refuge lay to the north, not west across the Mississippi. In one of his last actions as commander of the British Band, Black Hawk implored his followers to flee with him, to the north. Many did not listen, and late on 1 August, Black Hawk, White Cloud and about three dozen other followers left the British Band and fled northward. Most of the remaining warriors and non-combatants remained on the eastern bank of the Mississippi. Forces on the "Warrior" suffered only one casualty – a retired soldier from Fort Snelling was wounded in the knee during the fight.
Second day.
At 2 a.m. on 2 August, Atkinson's forces awoke and began to break camp, setting out before sunrise. They had moved only a few miles when they ran into the rear scout element of the remaining Sauk and Fox forces. The Sauk scouts attempted to lead the enemy away from the main camp and were initially successful. The combined U.S. forces fell into formation for battle: Generals Alexander and Posey formed the right wing, Henry the left wing, and Dodge and the regulars the center element. As the Native Americans retreated toward the river, the militia's left wing were left in the rear without orders. When a regiment stumbled across the main trail to the camp, the scouts could only fight in retreat and hope that they had given their comrades a chance to escape the militia, while the Sauk and Fox kept retreating to the river. However, "Warrior" returned after obtaining more wood in Prairie du Chien, leaving the refueling point about midnight and arriving at Bad Axe about 10 a.m. The slaughter that followed continued for the next eight hours.
Henry's men, the entire left wing, descended a bluff into the midst of several hundred Sauk and Fox warriors, and a desperate bayonet and musket battle followed. Women and children fled the fight into the river, where many drowned immediately. The battle continued for 30 minutes before Atkinson came up with Dodge's center element, cutting off escape for many of the remaining Native warriors. Some warriors managed to escape the fight to a willow island, which was being peppered with canister shot and gunfire by "Warrior".
The soldiers killed everyone who tried to run for cover or cross the river; men, women and children alike were shot dead. More than 150 people were killed outright at the scene of the battle, which many combatants later termed a . The soldiers then scalped most of the dead, and cut long strips of flesh from others for use as razor strops. U.S. forces captured an additional 75 Native Americans. Of the total 400–500 Sauk and Fox at Bad Axe on 2 August, most were killed at the scene, others escaped across the river. Those who escaped across the river found only temporary reprieve as many were captured and killed by Sioux warriors acting in support of the U.S. Army. Sioux brought 68 scalps and 22 prisoners to the U.S. Indian agent Joseph M. Street in the weeks following the battle. The United States suffered five killed in action and 19 wounded.
Context.
The Battle of Bad Axe was a mostly one-sided affair that has been called a massacre by both modern and historical accounts of the engagement, as well as by those who participated. On 3 August 1832, the day after the battle, Indian Agent Street wrote to William Clark describing the scene at Bad Axe and the events that occurred there. He stated that most of the Sauk and Fox were shot in the water or drowned trying to cross the Mississippi to safety. Major John Allen Wakefield published an account of the war in 1834, which included a description of the battle. His description characterized the killing of women and children as a mistake:
Black Hawk's own account, though he was not present at the battle's second day, termed the incident a massacre. Later histories continued to assail the actions of the whites at Bad Axe. The 1887 Perry A. Armstrong book, "The Sauks and the Black Hawk War", called Throckmorton's actions "inhuman and dastardly" and went on to call him a "second Nero or Calligula ". In 1898, during events honoring the 66th anniversary of the battle, Reuben Gold Thwaites termed the fight a "massacre" during a speech at the battle site. He emphasized this theme again in a 1903 collection of essays.
Modern-day historians have continued to characterize the battle as a wholesale massacre. Mark Grimsley, a history professor at Ohio State University, concluded in 2005, based on other modern accounts, that the Battle of Bad Axe would be better termed a massacre. Kerry A. Trask's 2007 work, "Black Hawk: The Battle for the Heart of America", points to the writings of Wakefield as evidence that delusional beliefs about doing brave deeds and magnifying manliness spurred the U.S. forces to revel in and pursue massacring and exterminating the Sauk and Fox. Trask concluded that Wakefield's statement "I must confess, that it filled my heart with gratitude and joy, to think that I had been instrumental, with many others, in delivering my country of those merciless savages, and restoring those people again to their peaceful homes and firesides," was a viewpoint held by nearly all militia members.
Aftermath.
The Black Hawk War of 1832 resulted in the deaths at least 70 settlers and soldiers, and hundreds of Black Hawk's band. As well as the combat casualties of the war, a relief force under General Winfield Scott suffered hundreds deserted and dead, many from cholera. The end of the war at Bad Axe ended the large-scale threat of Native American attacks in northwest Illinois, and allowed further settlement of Illinois and what became Iowa and Wisconsin.
The members of the British Band, and the Fox, Kickapoo, Sauk, Ho-Chunk and Potawatomi that later joined them, suffered unknown numbers of dead during the war. While some died fighting, others were tracked down and killed by Sioux, Menominee, Ho-Chunk, and other native tribes. Still others died of starvation or drowned during the Band's long trek up the Rock River toward the mouth of the Bad Axe. The entire British Band was not wiped out at Bad Axe; some survivors drifted back home to their villages. This was relatively simple for the Potawatomi and Ho-Chunk of the band. Many Sauk and Fox found return to their homes more difficult, and while some returned safely, others were held in custody by the army. Prisoners, some taken at the Battle of Bad Axe, and others taken by U.S.-aligned Native American tribes in the following weeks, were taken to Fort Armstrong at modern Rock Island, Illinois. About 120 prisoners – men, women, and children – waited until the end of August to be released by General Winfield Scott.
Black Hawk and most of the leaders of the British Band were not immediately captured following the conclusion of hostilities. On 20 August, Sauk and Fox under Keokuk turned over Neapope and several other British Band chiefs to Winfield Scott at Fort Armstrong. Black Hawk, however, remained elusive. After fleeing the battle scene with White Cloud and a small group of warriors, Black Hawk had moved northeast toward the headwaters of the La Crosse River. The group camped for a few days and was eventually counseled by a group of Ho-Chunk, which included White Cloud's brother, to surrender. Though they initially resisted the pleas for surrender, the group eventually traveled to the Ho-Chunk village at La Crosse and prepared to surrender. On 27 August 1832, Black Hawk, White Cloud and the remnants of the British Band surrendered to Joseph M. Street at Prairie du Chien.

</doc>
<doc id="2842211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842211" title="Berwind, West Virginia">
Berwind, West Virginia

Berwind is a census-designated place on the Dry Fork in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population is 278. The town of Berwind is named for Edward Julius Berwind owner of the Berwind Company and it was later incorporated in 1905. Berwind is the hometown of Vern Bickford, a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played with the Braves in Boston (1948-1952) and Milwaukee (1953), and for the Baltimore Orioles (1954).

</doc>
<doc id="2842221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842221" title="Senepol">
Senepol

The Senepol breed of beef cattle were developed on the Caribbean Island of St. Croix. It has long been thought that Senepol originated from crosses between N'Dama cattle, imported in the late 19th century, and Red Poll cattle, but it is actually an admixed breed between a European taurina (Red Poll) and a zebu. The Senepol breed combines characteristics of heat tolerance and insect resistance with the docile nature, good meat, and high milk production of the Red Poll. They are polled, short haired, and colored red, black or brown.
Breed history.
Until recently, it was believed that N'Dama cattle were imported to St. Croix from Senegal in the 19th century, being better suited to the climatic conditions than European breeds. One of the largest herds of over 250 head was owned by Henry C. Nelthropp at the Granard Estates. In 1918 Henry's son Bromley bought a Redpoll bull from Trinadad to improve the cows' milking ability and remove their long horns and thus would have cross Ndama and red Poll. 
However, genetic characterisation using high throughput SNP (Single Nucleotide Polymorphism) genotyping demonstrated that Senepol originated actually from crosses between a European taurine, Red Poll (90% ancestry), and Zebu (10% ancestry). Senepol does not have any Ndama ancestry (Flori et al 2012, PLoS ONE, published 09 May 2012 10.1371/journal.pone.0036133). The admixed cattle were selected for solid red color, natural polling and heat tolerance. These offspring were dispersed to four main herds on the island. The name Senepol was adopted in 1954 and a breed registry was established in the late 1960s. Aided by the United States Department of Agriculture the College of the Virgin Islands Extension Service began on farm performance testing in 1976. In 1977 22 cows were taken to the United States and the breed has since spread across the southern states. There are now more than 500 breeders with more than 14,000 registered cattle. They are also found in Australia, South Africa, Botswana, Namibia, Venezuela, Mexico, Paraguay, Philippines, Zimbabwe and Brazil.
Disease and Insect Resistance.
USDA research indicates that Senepol have greater immune response when compared to other beef breeds. This is likely due to the indicine influence in Senepol, and is also aided by generations of natural selection being applied on the island of St. Croix.
In the 1950s, with sugar cane becoming less economic, the United States Department of Agriculture put resources into the teaching of scientific breeding under Richard Marshall Bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2842249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842249" title="Diggs, Virginia">
Diggs, Virginia

Diggs is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2842254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842254" title="Holly White">
Holly White

Holly White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842255" title="Ticalium">
Ticalium

Ticalium is a super hard but lightweight aluminium and titanium carbide metal matrix composite designed to increase the strength, hardness and wear-resistance of aluminum. A patent was applied for by Adal Group Inc in September 2005, following four years of publicly funded research. Ticalium was named by the son of one of the two major shareholders in Adal Group Inc.
Properties.
The structure of ticalium gives it excellent wear properties. The cutting and wear resistance of ticalium can be increased by more than 50% at a significantly low reinforcement level.
The typical properties of ticalium composite material from 6xxx aluminium alloy is a hardness of 120 HV, a yield strength of 300 MPa, a tensile strength of 330 MPa and a stiffness of 85 GPa. These values are about 25% higher than those for the base alloy.
Dr Cem Selcuk, project manager for Adal, said in their September 19, 2005 news release, "Just for comparison with another strong material, white cast iron has a tensile strength of approximately 250 MPa (Mega Pascals)"" and is also brittle, whereas ticalium has a higher strength of about 330 MPa together with a greater stiffness while exhibiting greater lightness according to third party testing."
Production.
Billets can be cast and then extruded to produce rods, tubes and complex profiles. Products extruded from ticalium can be engineered, sprayed, anodized, welded, painted and finished using existing practices.

</doc>
<doc id="2842263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842263" title="Michael Smith (basketball, born 1965)">
Michael Smith (basketball, born 1965)

Michael John Smith (born May 19, 1965) is a retired American basketball player. As a professional player in the 1990s, he spent two and a half seasons in the NBA, two and a half in the Liga ACB and one in LEGA Basket.
After attending Los Altos High School in Hacienda Heights, California, Smith was a standout basketball player at Brigham Young University. He excelled in both football and volleyball before concentrating on basketball exclusively. Smith served two years (1984–86) as a Mormon missionary in Argentina before returning to BYU to finish his collegiate basketball career. He won the WAC Player of the Year in 1988 leading the team with 679 points and 248 rebounds. He finished his collegiate career as BYU's all-time leader in rebounds (922) and second to Danny Ainge in career points (2319).
Smith was a first round draft pick of the Boston Celtics in 1989 (13th overall) as a 24-year-old. He played two seasons with the Celtics before being waived in 1991. He played the following season with Telemarket Brescia in LEGA Basket Serie A2 before returning to the States the following season to play in the CBA, first for the Capital Region Pontiacs and later, the Oklahoma City Cavalry. 
The next season, 1993–94, Smith played for Pamesa Valencia. He continued in Spain, playing the first part of the following season for Estudiantes Caja Postal. In January 1995, he left Postal and the following month joined the Los Angeles Clippers, a club he remained under contract with until September. He next joined ACB club Gijón Baloncesto.
Smith has been, for a few seasons now, color analyst for the Clippers on Prime Ticket/Fox Sports West with longtime Clipper play-by-play announcer Ralph Lawler.

</doc>
<doc id="2842267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842267" title="Naval ranks and insignia of India">
Naval ranks and insignia of India

The following graphs presents the officer ranks of the Indian navy. These ranks generally correspond with those of Western militaries, and reflect those of the British military ranks.
Officer ranks.
While the provision for the rank of Admiral of the Fleet exists, it is primarily intended for major wartime use and honour. No officer of the Indian Navy has yet been conferred this rank. Both the Army and Air Force have had officers who have been conferred with the equivalent rank – Field Marshals Sam Manekshaw and Cariappa of the Army and Marshal of the Indian Air Force (MIAF) Arjan Singh.
The highest ranked naval officer is the Chief of Naval Staff.
India uses the Midshipman rank in its navy, and all future officers carry the rank upon entering the Indian Naval Academy. They are commissioned Sub-lieutenants upon finishing their course of study.
Enlisted ratings.
The Navy has no JCO ranks and 4 enlisted ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="2842268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842268" title="Microform">
Microform

Microforms are any forms, either films or paper, containing microreproductions of documents for transmission, storage, reading, and printing. Microform images are commonly reduced to about one twenty-fifth of the original document size. For special purposes, greater optical reductions may be used.
All microform images may be provided as positives or negatives, more often the latter.
Three formats are common: microfilm (reels), aperture cards and microfiche (flat sheets). Microcards, a format no longer produced, were similar to microfiche, but printed on cardboard rather than photographic film.
History.
Using the daguerreotype process, John Benjamin Dancer was one of the first to produce microphotographs, in 1839.
He achieved a reduction ratio of 160:1. Dancer perfected his reduction procedures with Frederick Scott Archer’s wet collodion process, developed in 1850–51, but he dismissed his decades-long work on microphotographs as a personal hobby, and did not document his procedures. The idea that microphotography could be no more than a novelty was an opinion shared by the 1858 "Dictionary of Photography," which called the process "somewhat trifling and childish."
Microphotography was first suggested as a document preservation method in 1851 by James Glaisher, an astronomer, and in 1853 by John Herschel. Both men attended the 1851 Great Exhibition in London, where the exhibit on photography greatly influenced Glaisher. He called it "the most remarkable discovery of modern times," and argued in his official report for using microphotography to preserve documents.
The developments in microphotography continued through the next decades, but it was not until the turn of the century that its potential for practical usage was seized by a wider audience. In 1896, Canadian engineer Reginald A. Fessenden suggested microforms were a compact solution to engineers' unwieldy but frequently consulted materials. He proposed that up to 150,000,000 words could be made to fit in a square inch, and that a one foot cube could contain 1.5 million volumes.
In 1906, Paul Otlet and Robert Goldschmidt proposed the "livre microphotographique" as a way to alleviate the cost and space limitations imposed by the codex format. Otlet’s overarching goal was to create a World Center Library of Juridical, Social and Cultural Documentation, and he saw microfiche as way to offer a stable and durable format that was inexpensive, easy to use, easy to reproduce, and extremely compact. In 1925, the team spoke of a massive library where each volume existed as master negatives and positives, and where items were printed on demand for interested patrons.
In the 1920s microfilm began to be used in a commercial setting. New York City banker George McCarthy was issued a patent in 1925 for his "Checkograph" machine, designed to make micrographic copies of cancelled checks for permanent storage by financial institutions. In 1928, the Eastman Kodak Company bought McCarthy's invention and began marketing check microfilming devices under its "Recordak" division.
Between 1927 and 1935, the Library of Congress microfilmed more than three million pages of books and manuscripts in the British Library; in 1929 the Social Science Research Council and the American Council of Learned Societies joined to create a Joint Committee on Materials for Research (chaired for most of its existence by Robert C. Binkley, which looked closely at microform’s potential to serve small print runs of academic or technical materials; in 1933, Charles C. Peters developed a method to microformat dissertations; in 1934 the United States National Agriculture Library implemented the first microform print-on-demand service, which was quickly followed by a similar commercial concern, Science Service.
In 1935, Kodak's Recordak division began filming and publishing "The New York Times" on reels of 35 millimeter microfilm, ushering in the era of newspaper preservation on film. This method of information storage received the sanction of the American Library Association at its annual meeting in 1936, when it officially endorsed microforms.
Harvard University Library was the first major institution to realize the potential of microfilm to preserve broadsheets printed on high-acid newsprint and it launched its "Foreign Newspaper Project" to preserve such ephemeral publications in 1938. Roll microfilm proved far more satisfactory as a storage medium than earlier methods of film information storage, such as the Photoscope, the Film-O-Graph, the Fiske-O-Scope, and filmslides.
The year 1938 also saw another major event in the history of microfilm when University Microfilms International (UMI) was established by Eugene Power. For the next half century, UMI would dominate the field, filming and distributing microfilm editions of current and past publications and academic dissertations. After another short-lived name change, UMI was made a part of ProQuest Information and Learning in 2001.
Uses.
Systems that mount microfilm images in punched cards have been widely used for archival storage of engineering information.
For example, when airlines demand archival engineering drawings to support purchased equipment (in case the vendor goes out of business, for example), they normally specified punch-card-mounted microfilm with an industry-standard indexing system punched into the card. This permits automated reproduction, as well as permitting mechanical card-sorting equipment to sort and select microfilm drawings.
Aperture card mounted microfilm is roughly 3% of the size and space of conventional paper or vellum engineering drawings. Some military contracts around 1980 began to specify digital storage of engineering and maintenance data because the expenses were even lower than microfilm, but these programs are now finding it difficult to purchase new readers for the old formats.
Microfilm first saw military use during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71. During the Siege of Paris, the only way for the provincial government in Tours to communicate with Paris was by pigeon post. As the pigeons could not carry paper dispatches, the Tours government turned to microfilm. Using a microphotography unit evacuated from Paris before the siege, clerks in Tours photographed paper dispatches and compressed them to microfilm, which were carried by homing pigeons into Paris and projected by magic lantern while clerks copied the dispatches onto paper.
Additionally, the US Victory Mail, and the British "Airgraph" system it was based on, were used for delivering mail between those at home and troops serving overseas during World War II. The systems worked by photographing large amounts of censored mail reduced to thumb-nail size onto reels of microfilm, which weighed much less than the originals would have. The film reels were shipped by priority air freight to and from the home fronts, sent to their prescribed destinations for enlarging at receiving stations near the recipients, and printed out on lightweight photo paper. These facsimiles of the letter-sheets were reproduced about one-quarter the original size and the miniature mails were then delivered to the addressee. Use of these microfilm systems saved significant volumes of cargo capacity needed for vital war supplies. An additional benefit was that the small, light weight reels of microfilm were almost always transported by air, and as such were much quicker than any surface mail services.
Libraries began using microfilm in the mid-20th century as a preservation strategy for deteriorating newspaper collections. Books and newspapers that were deemed in danger of decay could be preserved on film and thus access and use could be increased. Microfilming was also a space-saving measure. In his 1945 book, “The Scholar and the Future of the Research Library,” Fremont Rider calculated that research libraries were doubling in space every sixteen years. His suggested solution was microfilming, specifically with his invention, the microcard. Once items were put onto film, they could be removed from circulation and additional shelf space would be made available for rapidly expanding collections. The microcard was superseded by microfiche. By the 1960s, microfilming had become standard policy.
Around the same time, Licensed Betting Offices in the UK began using microphotography as a means of keeping compact records of bets taken. Betting shop customers would sometimes attempt to amend their betting slip receipt to attempt fraud, and so the microphotography camera (which also generally contained its own independent time-piece) found use as a definitive means of recording the exact details of each and every bet taken. The use of microphotography has now largely been replaced by digital 'bet capture' systems, which also allow a computer to settle the returns for each bet once the details of the wager have been 'translated' into the system by an employee. The added efficiency of this digital system has ensured that there are now very few, if indeed any, betting offices continuing to use microfilm cameras in the UK.
Visa and National City use microfilm (roll microfilm and fiche) to store bank statements, financial records, personal records, and legal records storage.
Advantages.
The medium has numerous advantages:
Readers and printers.
Desktop readers are boxes with a translucent screen at the front on to which is projected an image from a microform. They have suitable fittings for whatever microform is in use. They may offer a choice of magnifications. They usually have motors to advance and rewind film. When coding blips are recorded on the film a reader is used that can read the blips to find any required image.
Portable readers are plastic devices that fold for carrying; when open they project an image from microfiche on to a reflective screen. For example, with M. de Saint Rat, Atherton Seidell developed a simple, inexpensive ($2.00 in 1950), monocular microfilm viewing device, known as the "Seidell viewer", that was sold during the 1940s and 1950s.
A microfilm printer contains a xerographic copying process, like a photocopier. The image to be printed is projected with synchronised movement on to the drum. These devices offer either small image preview for the operator or full size image preview, when it is called a reader printer. Microform printers can accept positive or negative films and positive or negative images on paper. New machines allow the user to scan a microform image and save it as a digital file -see the section below on Digital conversion.
Image creation.
To create microform media, a planetary camera is mounted with the vertical axis above a copy that is stationary during exposure. High volume output is possible with a rotary camera which moves the copy smoothly through the camera to expose film which moves with the reduced image. Alternatively, it may be produced by computers, i.e. COM (computer output microfilm).
Film.
Normally microfilming uses high resolution panchromatic monochrome stock. Positive color film giving good reproduction and high resolution can also be used. Roll film is provided 16, 35 and 105 mm wide in lengths of 30 metres (100 ft) and longer, and is usually unperforated. Roll film is developed, fixed and washed by continuous processors.
Sheet film is supplied in ISO A6 size. This is either processed by hand or using a dental X-ray processor. Camera film is supplied ready mounted in aperture cards. Aperture cards are developed, fixed and washed immediately after exposure by equipment fitted to the camera.
Early cut sheet microforms and microfilms (to the 1930s) were printed on nitrate film, which poses high risks to their holding institutions, as nitrate film is explosive and flammable. From the late 1930s to the 1980s, microfilms were usually printed on a cellulose acetate base, which is prone to tears, vinegar syndrome, and redox blemishes. Vinegar syndrome is the result of chemical decay and produces "buckling and shrinking, embrittlement, and bubbling". Redox blemishes are yellow, orange or red spots 15–150 micrometres in diameter created by oxidative attacks on the film, and are largely due to poor storage conditions.
Cameras.
The simplest microfilm camera that is still in use is a rail mounted structure at the top of which is a bellows camera for 105 x 148 mm film. A frame or copy board holds the original drawing vertical. The camera has a horizontal axis which passes through the center of the copy. The structure may be moved horizontally on rails.
In a darkroom a single film may be inserted into a dark slide or the camera may be fitted with a roll film holder which after an exposure advances the film into a box and cuts the frame off the roll for processing as a single film.
For engineering drawings a freestanding open steel structure is often provided. A camera may be moved vertically on a track. Drawings are placed on a large table for filming, with centres under the lens. Fixed lights illuminate the copy. These cameras are often over 4 metres (10 feet) high. These cameras accept roll film stock of 35 or 16 mm.
For office documents a similar design may be used but bench standing. This is a smaller version of the camera described above. These are provided either with the choice of 16 or 35 mm film or accepting 16 mm film only. Non adjustable versions of the office camera are provided. These have a rigid frame or an enveloping box that holds a camera at a fixed position over a copy board. If this is to work at more than one reduction ratio there are a choice of lenses.
Some cameras expose a pattern of light, referred to as blips, to digitally identify each adjacent frame. This pattern is copied whenever the film is copied for searching.
A camera is built into a box. In some versions this is for bench top use, other versions are portable. The operator maintains a stack of material to be filmed in a tray, the camera automatically takes one document after another for advancement through the machine. The camera lens sees the documents as they pass a slot. Film behind the lens advances exactly with the image.
Special purpose flow cameras film both sides of documents, putting both images side by side on 16 mm film. These cameras are used to record cheques and betting slips.
All microfiche cameras are planetary with a step and repeat mechanism to advance the film after each exposure. The simpler versions use a dark slide loaded by the operator in a dark room; after exposure the film is individually processed, which may be by hand or using a dental X-ray processor. Cameras for high output are loaded with a roll of 105 mm film. The exposed film is developed as a roll; this is sometimes cut to individual fiche after processing or kept in roll form for duplication.
Equipment is available that accepts a data stream from a mainframe computer. This exposes film to produce images as if the stream had been sent to a line printer and the listing had been microfilmed. Because of the source one run may represent many thousands of pages.
Within the equipment character images are made by a light source; this is the negative of text on paper. COM is sometimes processed normally. Other applications require that image appears as a conventional negative; the film is then reversal processed. This outputs either 16 mm film or fiche pages on a 105 mm roll.
Because listing characters are a simple design, a reduction ratio of 50 gives good quality and puts about 300 pages on a microfiche. A microfilm plotter, sometimes called an aperture card plotter, accepts a stream that might be sent to a computer pen plotter. It produces corresponding frames of microfilm. These produce microfilm as 35 or 16 mm film or aperture cards.
Duplication.
All regular microfilm copying involves contact exposure under pressure. Then the film is processed to provide a permanent image. Hand copying of a single fiche or aperture card involves exposure over a light box and then individually processing the film. Roll films are contact exposed via motor, either round a glass cylinder or through a vacuum, under a controlled light source. Processing may be in the same machine or separately.
Silver halide film is a slow version of camera film with a robust top coat. It is suitable for prints or for use as an intermediate from which further prints may be produced. The result is a negative copy. Preservation standards require a master negative, a duplicate negative, and a service copy (positive). Master negatives are kept in deep storage, and duplicate negatives are used to create service copies, which are the copies available to researchers. This multi-generational structure ensures the preservation of the master negative.
Diazo-sensitised film for dye coupling in ammonia gives blue or black dye positive copies. The black image film can be used for further copying.
Vesicular film is sensitised with a diazo dye, which after exposure is developed by heat. Where light has come to the film remains clear, in the areas under the dark image the diazo compound is destroyed quickly, releasing millions of minute bubbles of nitrogen into the film. This produces an image that diffuses light. It produces a good black appearance in a reader, but it cannot be used for further copying.
Modern microfilming standards require that a master set of films be produced and set aside for safe storage, used only to make service copies. When service copies get lost or damaged, another set can be produced from the masters, thus reducing the image degradation that results from making copies of copies.
Format conversion.
These conversions may be applied to camera output or to release copies. Single microfiche are cut from rolls of 105 mm film. A bench top device is available that enables an operator to cut exposed frames of roll film and fit these into ready made aperture cards.
Transparent jackets are made A5 size each with 6 pockets into which strips of 16 mm film may be inserted (or fewer pockets for 35 mm strips), so creating microfiche jackets or jacketed microfiche. Equipment allows an operator to insert strips from a roll of film. This is particularly useful as frames may be added to a fiche at any time. The pockets are made using a thin film so that duplicates may be made from the assembled fiche.
Digital conversion.
Another type of conversion is microform to digital. This is done using an optical scanner that projects the film onto a CCD array and captures it in a raw digital format. Until recently, since the different types of microform are dissimilar in shape and size, the scanners were usually able to handle only one type of microform at a time. There are some scanners that have the possibility of swapping modules for the different microform types and the latest viewer/scanner can accept any microform (roll, fiche, opaque cards, fiche,and/or aperture cards). Software (normally on the scanner itself, but more recently in an attached PC) is then used to convert the raw capture into a standard image format for archival.
The physical condition of microfilm greatly impacts the quality of the digitized copy. Microfilm with a cellulose acetate base (popular through the 1970s) is frequently subject to vinegar syndrome, redox blemishes, and tears, and even preservation standard silver halide film on a polyester base can be subject to silvering and degradation of the emulsion—all issues which affect the quality of the scanned image.
Digitizing microfilm can be inexpensive when automated scanners are employed. The Utah Digital Newspapers Program has found that, with automated equipment, scanning can be performed at $0.15 per page. Recent additions to the digital scanner field have brought the cost of scanning down substantially so that when large projects are scanned (millions of pages) the price per scan can be pennies.
Modern microform scanners utilize 8 bit gray shade scanning arrays and are thus able to provide quite high quality scans in a wealth of different digital formats (CCITT Group IV which is compressed black & white -bitonal, JPG or JPEG which is gray or color compression, bitmaps which are not compressed, or a number of other (some proprietary) formats such as PDF, LZW, GIF, etc.). These modern scanners are also able to scan at "Archival" resolution up to 600 dpi.
For the resulting files to be useful, they must be organized in some way. This can be accomplished in a variety of different ways, dependent on the source media and the desired usage. In this regard, aperture cards with Hollerith information are probably the easiest since image data can be extracted from the card itself if the scanner supports it. Some types of microfilm will contain a counter next to the images; these can be referenced to an already existing database. Other microfilm reels will have a 'blip' system: small marks next to the images of varying lengths used to indicate document hierarchy (longest: root, long: branch, short: leaf). If the scanner is able to capture and process these then the image files can be arranged in the same manner. Optical character recognition (OCR) is also frequently employed to provide automated full-text searchable files. Common issues that affect the accuracy of OCR applied to scanned images of microfilm include unusual fonts, faded printing, shaded backgrounds, fragmented letters, skewed text, curved lines and bleed through on the originals. For film types with no distinguishing marks, or when OCR is impossible (handwriting, layout issues, degraded text), the data must be entered in manually, a very time consuming process.

</doc>
<doc id="2842269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842269" title="The Nips">
The Nips

The Nipple Erectors (also known as The Nips) are an English punk rock band formed in London in 1976 by female punk artist Shanne Bradley and are notable as having been Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan's first musical group.
Career.
Initially consisting of vocalist/songwriter Shane MacGowan (known at the time as 'Shane O'Hooligan'), bassist/songwriter/original punk artist Shanne Bradley, guitarist/artist Roger Towndrow and drummer Arcane Vendetta; The Nipple Erectors performed their first gig at The Roxy Club Covent Garden. London in 1977. The band later released four singles and there was one bootleg live album between 1978 and 1981. Inspired by The Stooges, The Nipple Erectors incorporated elements of rockabilly and '60s garage rock into their music.
Following the release of their first single, "King of the Bop"/"Nervous Wreck", in June 1978, on Soho Records, the band renamed themselves The Nips and released the garage punk classic "All The Time in the World"/"Private Eye" with Phil Rowland of Eater on drums. By May 1979, the band's line up had changed to include Gavin "Fritz" Douglas, on guitar. The Power pop anthem, "Gabrielle" was released in November 1979, first on Soho Records, and then reissued on Chiswick Records. with John ("Grinny") Grinton (ex Skrewdriver) on drums. By the time of its release, Grinny had been replaced by Roger Travis Williams. Gavin Douglas' guitar playing on this record marked a change in the band's sound to a more melodic style.
A live album, "Only the End of the Beginning" was released on Soho Records in 1980, from a recording made whilst on tour with the Purple Hearts. Two other live bootlegs have recently appeared, "Live at The 101 Club" and "Live at the Hope and Anchor" both recorded in late 1979.
In 1980, The Nips recorded a demo for Polydor Records at their studio in Bond Street. It was produced by Paul Weller. There were four songs recorded for this session, including "Happy Song" "Nobody to Love", "Ghost Town" and "Love To Make You Cry". The Line up for this recording was, Shane MacGowan-vocals, Shanne Bradley-bass, Gavin Douglas-guitar and Mark Harrison (ex Bernie Tormé)-drums. "Happy Song"/"Nobody to Love" was released as a single in October 1981, on Test Pressing Records. The Nips announced to the press that they were quitting after a last gig at London's Covent Garden Rock Garden on March 10, 1980. MacGowan and Bradley did reform the band later that year, albeit briefly. The line up included James Fearnley on guitar and Jon Moss on drums. This line up played a final gig at London's Music Machine with The Jam in December 1980. In 1981 Jon Moss joined up with Boy George to form Culture Club.
During 1981, Bradley took the band in another direction away from the traditional rock band format to incorporate Greek, Cretan and Irish Roots/Folk music. The popular Irish folk and America folk song "Poor Paddy Works on the Railway" had previously formed part of their early live set with Guitarist Roger Towndrow. This line up included Macgowan and Bradley plus John Hasler (ex Madness) on standup snare drum and Scots/Irish Folk Fiddler David Rattray. Later that year Bradley decided to take a break from music. Shane Macgowan and John Hasler went on to play in Pogue Mahone, later shortened to The Pogues. In 1984 Shanne Bradley co-founded The Men They Couldn't Hang to play "The Alternative Country and Western Festival" on March 1984 at The Electric Ballroom in Camden.
In 1987, Big Beat released an anthology LP named "Bops, Babes, Booze and Bovver", credited to "Nips n Nipple Erectors". It collects both sides of the first three singles issued on Soho, as well as adding two outtakes: "So Pissed Off" and "Stavordale Rd, N5". The later CD edition added another two outtakes: "Venus in Bovver Boots" and "Fuss & Bother".
Reformation.
On 6 May 2008, The Nipple Erectors reformed playing a somewhat secret gig at the 100 Club, Oxford Street, London. The line-up consisted of Shanne Bradley, Shane MacGowan, Eric Le Baton, and Fritz Douglas. Shanne's daughter Eucalypta sang backing vocals on the final number 'Gabrielle'. The group also performed one month later although this time minus MacGowan who was replaced by Eucalypta on vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="2842282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842282" title="Nate Corddry">
Nate Corddry

Nathan "Nate" Corddry (born September 8, 1977) is an American actor best known for his television roles on programs such as: "", "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", "The Daily Show", "United States of Tara", "30 Rock", "Harry's Law". He played Private First Class Loudmouth in the HBO miniseries "The Pacific". Most recently he appeared on Fox's, "The New Girl", and CBS's new hit series, "Mom".
Life and career.
Corddry was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts. He is the son of Robin (née Sullivan) and Steven Corddry, who was a Massachusetts Port Authority official. After graduating from Weymouth High School in 1995, Corddry went to Colby-Sawyer College where he majored in Communications.
Nate Corddry's older brother has also worked as a well-known correspondent on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" since 2002. On October 4, 2005, Nate joined the show as a correspondent. Nate and Rob appeared together in various pieces on the show, including a segment called "Brother vs. Brother" on February 21, 2006. In the "Brother vs. Brother" segment they formally debated each other on the issue of Big Brother, but their debate quickly turned into immature namecalling, cheap shots by Rob & an inevitable breaking up of the fight by Jon Stewart. 
Corddry also appeared on "Guiding Light" & In 2005, Corddry appeared in a television commercial for Radio Shack. He has also done commercial work for Coors Brewing Company, Verizon Communications, Xbox, Dunkin' Donuts, and NYCremembers.org. Corddry trained at the Williamstown Theater Festival, and recently spent almost a year traveling on the road as an actor in the Broadway touring production of The Graduate. 
In 2006, Corddry was cast in the Aaron Sorkin comedy-drama series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" alongside Matthew Perry and Amanda Peet, which began airing in September 2006 and was canceled in May 2007. The show was a weekly drama set behind the scenes of a fictitious "Saturday Night Live"-esque television program called "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". Corddry played a character named Tom Jeter who was a writer and performer for the show-within-a-show.
Corddry played the recurring role of Gene Stuart on the Showtime series "The United States of Tara". He played "The Chief of Staff" in the live-action film version of "Yogi Bear", released 17 December 2010. He co-starred in the legal comedy-drama series "Harry's Law" which was cancelled after its second season. Corddry voice-acted "Zed" in the Disney XD series "".
In February 2014, Nate Corddry and his brother featured alongside Breaking Bad actor Matt L. Jones in the CollegeHumor-produced video for the Guided by Voices single, "Planet Score".

</doc>
<doc id="2842283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842283" title="Cesare Rubini">
Cesare Rubini

Cesare Rubini (2 November 19238 February 2011) was an Italian basketball player and coach, and water polo player. One of the greatest European basketball coaches of all time, Rubini was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1994, the first, and to this day, one of the few Italian basketball figures to receive such an honour, together with Dino Meneghin and Sandro Gamba. He has also been inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame and into the Italian Basketball Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Rubini started to play basketball for his high school team in his native Trieste, where he graduated in 1941. The same year he began to play for Olimpia Milano, the most prestigious Italian League basketball club at that time. He however had a long-lived passion for water polo: this led him later to become one of the rare world sportsmen to play at the highest level in two different team sports.
In 1946, he won a silver medal with the Italian national basketball team at the EuroBasket 1946, held in Geneva. The following year, he also won a silver medal at the European Championships, but this time with the Italian national water polo team. In the meantime he had assumed the role of player-coach of Olimpia Milano: in 1948, however, he was called by the national teams of both sports. Rubini chose water polo, and won a gold medal at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games in London, beating the Netherlands in the final. With Rubini as a full-time player, Italy could boast what was to be called the "Golden Settebello", one of the most valuable water polo teams ever, which also won a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics and at the Turin European Championship of 1954. In both the events, Italy was behind traditional rivals of Yugoslavia and Hungary.
Rubini, also as player-coach, won 6 national titles in water polo with Canottieri Olona of Milan, Rari Nantes of Naples and Camogli teams. He totaled 84 caps for the Italian national team, 42 of which were as a captain.
As a basketball player, Rubini won 5 national titles in a row, from 1950 to 1954. After 1956, he devoted only to the coach role, winning 10 national titles with Olimpia. In these years, he set an unparalleled record of 322 victories and 28 defeats. As coach of the Milan team, Rubini totaled 488 victories, including the European Champions Cup (Euroleague) in 1966, and two European Winner's Cups in 1971 and 1972: these were the first international victories of Italian basketball clubs.
As the manager of the Italian national basketball team, Rubini took also part in the first international victories of Italy: these include the silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games. At the EuroBasket, Italy was first in 1983 at Nantes, second in 1991 at Rome, and third in 1985 at Stuttgart.
Rubini was involved with his beloved sports until his death: he promoted water polo formation for young athletes, and was Honorary President of Olimpia Milano.

</doc>
<doc id="2842299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842299" title="Truscott">
Truscott

Truscott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842301" title="Francine Smith">
Francine Smith

Francine Smith (née Ling; formerly Dawson 
) is a fictional character on the animated television series "American Dad!". She is the wife of the title character Stan Smith and the mother of Hayley and Steve. Francine is voiced by Wendy Schaal.
Fictional character biography.
Francine was born to a wealthy South Carolina couple, Nicholas and Cassandra Dawson. She was abandoned by her birth parents because, forbidden to bring their baby into first class with them, they left her at the airport. 
She spent her early childhood in a Roman Catholic orphanage. She is naturally left-handed but this was literally beaten out of her, with a side of beef (or a mackerel on Fridays), by the nuns working there who saw lefties as "the devil's minions." As a result she took to using her right hand and was conditioned to hate left-handed people. This was made evident in later life when she forcibly asked Steve's science partner to leave the house (at first the family thought she was a racist because Steve's science partner was an African American girl). But in recent episodes, she has adapted to being left-handed; she uses her left as her more dominant hand.
In it is revealed that as a toddler she fell down a well in her hometown of Grundy, Virginia. 
She was adopted at age 7 by Bàba and Māma Ling, Chinese Americans, who had first seen her at age 5 but could not afford to adopt her for another 2 years. She speaks fluent Chinese, and often speaks in it to her parents to disguise their conversations in front of Stan. Her parents have their own biological daughter, Gwen, but they're ashamed of her because although supposedly she's very attractive (Stan often rhapsodizes about how "hot" she is, to Francine's calm frustration), she's not as bright as Francine (as Bàba puts it, "Imagine a Chinese girl can't do math!") and is obviously promiscuous.
When Francine was about 14 years old, she had an obsessive crush on her algebra teacher, Mr. Feeny. At one point, his wife discovered her in his closet, "cutting herself and sniffing his T-shirts." The police were called and Francine lied to them and said that she and Mr. Feeny were lovers. Mr. Feeny was sent to jail, where he committed suicide. From then on in high school, she was attacked by a group of popular pretty girls while showering in gym class and was said to have been "very depressed" until she found the "miracle of marijuana", although in "Jones for a Smith," she doesn't believe Hayley smokes marijuana, despite Hayley's realization that she has a problem with it and begging to go to rehab (though this could simply be Francine looking down on and calling 911 on her daughter).
In college Francine stabbed her roommate to death, which she casually admits to her family over dinner. Even though she was a party girl in college and seems to hold very liberal beliefs, she keeps them mostly to herself and follows her husband's conservative values. Exception: her extremely intent hatred of George Clooney. She hates him because he stole her spotlight in her only television appearance on an episode of "Scarecrow and Mrs. King", which would have guaranteed her a movie career (though in "Deacon Stan, Jesus Man", Francine hated George Clooney because he won't settle down and get married like everyone else). Since then, Francine's dream has been to, at the very least, make George Clooney cry--which she has accomplished with Stan's help.
Francine first met Stan when he had just graduated from the CIA academy and been offered a post as an operative. She was a groupie trying to hitchhike home, and Stan pulled over and gave her a lift. During the trip, Stan veered to avoid hitting a car and accidentally ran over a raccoon, which he then shot to put it out of its misery. This act of compassion made her fall for him, and they married soon afterward. When Stan was still oblivious to the fact that next-door neighbors Greg Corbin and Terry Bates were gay, he suggested that he and Francine fix them up with her sister Gwen. While Francine knows they're gay, Stan thinks her reluctance is because Gwen is "too hot" and then reminisces about her appearance at their wedding (though Stan eventually discovers the truth).
She and Toshi's mother Hiko don't get along, as demonstrated in "Weiner of Our Discontent",
where they show minor hatred and Francine asks if anyone speaks "sushi-hostess" after Hiko finishes speaking. It escalated in "Spelling Be My Baby", where both she and Hiko push their kids trying to prove whose is better, even battling with swords.
Personality.
Although she enjoys being a housewife (once criticizing Stan for locking her up without shirts to fold, as she "hates down time"), as well as becoming aroused during spring cleaning, Francine occasionally yearns for more fulfillment. Sometimes this is in the form of a job; she was briefly a successful realtor and even sold local newsreaders Greg and Terry the house across the street from the Smiths', achieved her dream of owning a muffin kiosk (she has tried sleeping with Adam Ant, Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top, and Dexys Midnight Runners to get an investment for one when she was younger) at the mall, and even becoming a surgeon for an organized-crime syndicate made up of handicapped people. Once she joined a group of ultra-chic local ladies by faking an affair with a valet. Stan often neglects Francine, ignores what she says, and has forgotten their wedding anniversary at least twice. Despite this, Francine loves him and seems to be unable to cheat on him; even when her life was threatened she still would not sleep with another man. However, Francine has offered to let Stan cheat on her twice. When Klaus, whose long-time attraction to Francine we are made well aware of, is put into the body of a handsome black man who was once in an Earth, Wind and Fire tribute band, he temporarily manages to win Francine over; however, she does resist him, noticing something familiar about him. It is only until Stan reveals Klaus's identity that she is turned off completely.
Francine enjoys drinking alcohol (she has one bottle of wine for each special occasion, such as "Told Klaus to Shut Up"), occasionally smokes cigarettes (particularly when under stress), and has a history of using marijuana (which causes her to drink an entire bottle of Sunkist soda in a second) and even cocaine. Francine has an unhealthy obsession with keeping Steve as 'her baby' which has led her to pursue emotionally and physically abusive behavior towards him in an effort to keep him from becoming an independent man. She seems to go on obsessive jaunts and can resort to violence when the need demands. However, she maintains a warmth for animals and an unstoppable maternal instinct regarding her family, including a nonchalant acceptance of Stan's murderous overreactions. She also has an extreme hatred of George Clooney, according to "Deacon Stan, Jesus Man" and "Tears of a Clooney."
Francine has a curious and often perplexing intellect: while frequently displaying extreme ditziness through her social interactions with other characters, such as through failures to reason properly, inappropriate or misguided behavior, and laughing prematurely during jokes, Francine has also shown herself to possess incredible intellectual capacity: she is fluent in French, Spanish, and Mandarin, and, in "Stan Time", manages to gain expert-level knowledge of marine biology through self-study in only a few weeks, to such an extent that she manages to get an article on the habitat of the colossal squid published in a scientific journal, gaining her instant international recognition.
Previous to her marriage Francine had a history of sexual promiscuity, most notably as a groupie who slept with numerous rock stars and pop singers and planting a rose bush for every person she has slept with, creating "the world's largest sex garden" which is so big it has a tour group (and is rumored to have, within its confines, an Indian civilization that has never seen a white man). In the second season episode "Finances With Wolves" it is established that the Dexy's Midnight Runners' hit song "Come On Eileen" was written about Francine after the band had an orgy with her but couldn't remember her name.
There are times when Francine has demonstrated that she might be mentally unstable, including her vendetta against George Clooney and her extreme empty nest syndrome. In "Family Affair" she nonchalantly admits she stabbed her college roommate to death and expresses surprise that no one in the family knew before. In "Max Jets" she is visibly excited by the idea of Charles Manson being released from jail and "finishing what he started". In "Live and Let Fry" she tells Hayley that she can't handle much, and when someone rings the doorbell she screams "It's too much!". She also becomes violent and angry seemingly at random, once point sweeping Klaus' bowl onto the floor screaming 'Humans are talking!' because he interrupted her. Similarly, in the episode "Stan of Arabia," Francine resorts to physical violence when challenging Stan's Arabian wife, "Thundercat", for Stan's affection; saying "you want to dance bitch; then let's dance" and proceeded to fight her reasonably well. In "Every Which Way But Lose", Francine also admitted that she doesn't know how to vote as it confuses her too much. She just enters a booth, waits ten seconds, then comes out and yells "Democracy!"
Francine has also apparently spent time in prison before, and has recounted her experiences - with varying degrees of horror - on at least two occasions as seen in the fourth season episode "Pulling Double Booty". She also seems to be very experienced with weapons, though whether or not this is because she is married to Stan is never established. She is shown to carry machetes with her in the pilot and has pulled a gun on Stan on more than one occasion. She was also able to make a weapon out of a government-issued rubber shoe Roger had to wear as part of his stint as a prison therapist.
Despite being somewhat an animal lover, Francine has shown a cruelty to small birds, especially when it comes to cooking. In Live and Let Fry, she throws a chick at a window after becoming frustrated about not getting trans fat. During "In Country...Club," she drowns a rare species of bird to cook in a French delicacy for Roger after singing with it.
Health.
Francine has suffered great brain damage, as Stan ran over her (twice) causing her brain to temporarily detach from her central nervous system. Though Roger restored the damage, she was left with severely reduced mental functions. Stan also accidentally erased the last 20 years of her memory (making Francine act like a teenager from 1985), which he managed to restore. Francine has told Steve that she used to stalk her old school teacher and she also willfully cut her own hand off when it was handcuffed to a pole so she could kill George Clooney (the hand was later reattached).
Francine has two birth scars, a caesarian scar from Hayley's birth (although in "The Most Adequate Christmas Ever" Hayley's birth is shown to be natural, albeit delivered by a baboon), and a scar on her perineum ("tore from V to [her A") from Steve's birth. Despite this, she claims in "Surro-Gate" that both of her own children's births were "a breeze" for her, and therefore becomes the natural choice to carry Greg and Terry's daughter for them. She also seems to have a case of empty nest syndrome, as she had problems coping with Steve's girlfriend, Debbie, and was more than willing to comfort Steve when Debbie broke up with him. This has recently begun to take obsessive levels, including Francine using a CIA anti-aging formula to turn Steve into a toddler that she could coddle and baby, and sabotaging his surprisingly successful attempts at popularity to keep him home (and also to keep him from possibly going into any potentially violent mood swings). It is also hinted that she has done cocaine in the past.
Age.
Francine was originally 38, but she became 40 years old in the episode "Tears of a Clooney". The episode starts with her 39th birthday, she attempts to get revenge on George Clooney for a year, and the episode ends with her 40th birthday. It's unknown whether or not the other characters aged as well, except for presumably Stan. He says in one episode that she is ten months younger than he is. However, in May the Best Stan Win, Francine's year of birth is listed as being in 1971, and Stan's is shown to be 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2842310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842310" title="Leandro Aragoncillo">
Leandro Aragoncillo

Leandro Aragoncillo (born 1960) is a former, FBI intelligence analyst, and a retired, United States Marine Corps, gunnery-sergeant who was convicted of spying against the United States Government in 2007. A naturalized Filipino-American, he was charged with espionage and with leaking classified information to the regime of a former Filipino president. 
The FBI labeled Aragoncillo the first known case of espionage within the history of the White House. For over thirty-one months, from 1999 to 2001, Aragoncillo was assigned under Vice President Al Gore and then later under Vice President Dick Cheney.
Hired to work for the FBI at the Army's Ft. Monmouth base in New Jersey in July 2004, Aragoncillo began sending classified documents in January 2005, according to a federal complaint.
On October 5, 2005, Aragoncillo was indicted and arrested in New Jersey for espionage. Federal agents accused him of stealing classified information, including details about the current President of the Philippines, Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and then passing that information onto opposition leaders in the Philippines. 
According to reports compiled by Filipino intelligence professionals, there were indications of a link between Aragoncillo and the French intelligence service, Direction générale de la sécurité extérieure. Frequent visits by Aragoncillo to Manila allegedly were interspersed with clandestine meetings between identified, French operatives and several "illegals" (i.e. unregistered agents) around 2002 to 2004.
Statutes used against Aragoncillo:
Michael Ray Aquino, a former deputy director of the Philippines National Police who lived in New York City, was arrested also and was charged. He was accused of receiving documents. He pled guilty to unlawful possession of secret, U.S. government documents. He faced a jail sentence of between 70 and 87 months plus a fine of $250,000. On July 17, 2007, he was sentenced to six years and four months. 
Leandro Aragoncillo, on the other hand, was sentenced on July 18, 2007, in New Jersey by U.S. District Judge William H. Walls to ten years in prison. Under a proposed plea agreement, Aragoncillo had faced up to twenty years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2842318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842318" title="Paste (magazine)">
Paste (magazine)

Paste is a monthly music and entertainment digital magazine published in the United States by Wolfgang's Vault. Its tagline is "Signs of Life in Music, Film and Culture." It ran as a print publication from 2002 to 2010 before converting to online-only.
History.
The magazine, headquartered in Avondale Estates, Georgia, was founded as a quarterly in July 2002 by Josh Jackson, Nick Purdy, and Tim Porter. It later switched to a bimonthly format. In 2005, "Paste" fulfilled remaining subscriptions for the competing magazine "Tracks", which had ceased publishing its print edition. "Paste" became a monthly with its August 2006 issue.
For two years in the mid-2000s, "Paste" had a weekly segment on "CNN Headline News" called "Paste Picks", wherein editors would recommend new albums and films every Tuesday.
In October 2007, the magazine tried the "Radiohead" experiment, offering new and current subscribers the ability to pay what they wanted for a one-year subscription to "Paste". The subscriber base increased by 28,000, but "Paste" president Tim Regan-Porter noted the model was not sustainable; he hoped the new subscribers would renew the following year at the current rates, and the increase in web traffic would attract additional subscribers and advertisers.
Amidst an economic downturn, "Paste" began to suffer from lagging ad revenue, as did other magazine publishers in 2008 and 2009. On May 14, 2009, "Paste" editors announced a plan to save the magazine, by pleading to its readers, musicians and celebrities for contributions. Cost-cutting by the magazine did not stem the losses. The main crux cited for the financial troubles is the lack of advertiser spending.
In 2009, "Paste" launched an hour-long TV pilot for Halogen TV called "Pop Goes the Culture".
On August 31, 2010, "Paste" suspended the print magazine, but continues publication as the online PasteMagazine.com.
Reemergence.
On May 28, 2011, "Paste" announced it was bringing back its weekly subscription services in a digital layout. The digital magazine now covers music, movies, TV, comedy, books, video games, design, tech, food and drink. Each issue also includes a digital version of the Paste Sampler with seven new songs each week.
Content.
Although "Paste"'s focus was music, covering a variety of genres with an emphasis on adult album alternative, Americana and indie rock, the magazine also covered independent film and books. Each issue originally included a CD music sampler, but was dropped in favor of digital downloading as a Going-Green initiative. Featured artists included Ryan Adams, Blackalicious, Paul McCartney, Regina Spektor, The Whigs, Fiona Apple, The Decemberists, Mark Heard, Woven Hand, Milton and the Devils Party, Liam Finn, The Trolleyvox, and Thom Yorke. Many of these artists also contributed to the Campaign to Save "Paste".
Awards.
In 2005, "Paste" was listed at #21 on the "Chicago Tribune"'s list of "50 Best Magazines", and appeared on the list again in 2007. "Paste" was also named "Magazine of the Year" by the PLUG Independent Music Awards in 2006, 2007 and 2008. In 2008, 2009 and 2010, "Paste" was nominated for a National Magazine Award in the category of General Excellence, and in 2010, associate editor Rachael Maddux' writings were nominated for Best Reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2842321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842321" title="American Water Works Association">
American Water Works Association

American Water Works Association (AWWA) is an international non-profit, scientific and educational association founded to improve water quality and supply. Established in 1881, it has a membership (as of 2012) of around 50,000 members worldwide.
AWWA members include: water utilities, treatment plant operators and managers, scientists, environmentalists, manufacturers, academics, regulators, and others with an interest in water supply and public health. AWWA works through advocacy, communications, conferences, education and training, science and technology, and local action among 43 AWWA Sections throughout North America.
Publications and conferences.
To broaden distribution of information on water and related subjects, AWWA publishes the periodicals "Journal AWWA" and "Opflow." AWWA also publishes a variety of books, training manuals, standards, reports and videos for use by water professionals and others. The Association also hosts an annual conference and exposition for the entire organization each summer in North America. Section conferences are also held in all parts of North America. Specialty conferences are held throughout the year on topics including water quality, distribution systems and utility management. Proceedings of the annual and specialty conferences are published by AWWA.
Water industry resources.
Through the Partnership for Safe Water AWWA also works with the USEPA and other water organizations to help water providers optimize system performance beyond existing regulatory levels.
AWWA offers opportunities for people to meet, learn, and network at the international, national, and section levels. In addition to publications and conferences for water professionals, AWWA hosts a variety of workshops, symposia, teleconferences, and programs focused on specific aspects of water stewardship. In cooperation with other professional associations, AWWA is a resource for water professionals’ continuing education and development. 
Awards.
AWWA presents a number of awards every year to individuals who provide notable service to the drinking water community. Among the major awards given are the Abel Wolman Award of Excellence and the George Warren Fuller Award.
Water standards development.
In 1908, AWWA began developing industry standards for products, processes and best practices. The AWWA Standards Program is recognized internationally as a source for scientific and management reference resources for the water community. Currently, there are over 150 AWWA Standards covering filtration materials, treatment chemicals, disinfection practices, meters, valves, utility management practices, storage tanks, pumps, and ductile iron, steel, concrete, asbestos-cement, and plastic pipe and fittings. Standing committees periodically review and update the standards as required. 
In May 1985, the United States Environmental Protection Agency entered into a cooperative agreement with a consortium led by NSF International to develop voluntary third-party consensus standards and a certification program for all direct and indirect drinking water additives. Other members of the consortium include AWWA. The consortium is responsible for the cooperative effort of manufacturers, regulators, product users and other interested parties that develop and maintain the NSF standards.
Water for People.
In February 1991, AWWA founded Water For People, a non-profit international development organization that helps people in developing countries improve their quality of life by supporting the development of locally sustainable drinking water resources, sanitation facilities, and health and hygiene education programs.
Drinking Water Week.
For more than 35 years, AWWA has set aside a week in the spring to recognize the importance of safe drinking water throughout North America. In 1988, AWWA brought the event to the attention of the US government and formed a coalition along with the League of Women Voters, the Association of State Drinking Water Administrators and the US Environmental Protection Agency. Subsequently, AWWA worked with Representative Robert Roe and Senator Dennis DeConcini to sponsor a resolution naming the first week of May as "Drinking Water Week." In 1988, a joint congressional resolution declaration was passed and signed by President Ronald Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="2842328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842328" title="Hibernia Networks">
Hibernia Networks

Hibernia Networks is a privately held, US-owned, provider of global capacity telecommunication services. It operates global network routes on self-healing rings in North America, Europe and Asia including submarine communications cable systems in the North Atlantic Ocean which connect Canada, the United States, Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom and Europe. Hibernia manages cable landing stations in Dublin, Republic of Ireland; Coleraine, Northern Ireland; Southport, England; Halifax, Canada; Lynn, USA. Hibernia Networks is a subsidiary of Columbia Ventures Corporation (CVC) and owned by both CVC and Constellation Ventures Partners. Hibernia's network provides service, from 2.5 Gbit/s to 100 Gbit/s wavelengths and Ethernet from 10 Mbit/s to 100 Gbit/s. It also provides traditional SONET/SDH services.
Its transatlantic cable system was originally built by Tyco Submarine Systems for 360networks in 2000 for $962M and placed in receivership in 2001, purchased in 2003 and began carrying traffic in 2005. It is now owned and operated by Hibernia Networks. The Hibernia network includes 24,000 km of fiber assets and design capacity of 10.16 Tbit/s.
Hibernia Networks acquired MediaXstream in 2009. The company operates in European and North American markets and transports content across its optical switching and dynamic transport mode network.
Hibernia Networks provides financial customers and the trading community low-latency routes to financial exchanges and data centers. On September 30, 2010, Hibernia announced at the Toronto Stock Exchange Opening Bell, and as well in The Wall Street Journal, its plans for a new transatlantic cable, Project Express, to be built from the NY metro area to Slough west of London, with less than 60 ms of delay. This cable system will be the highest bit rate (8.8 terabits/second), lowest latency (59 ms) cable built across the Atlantic for traders.
In 2011, Hibernia announced its expansion into the Pacific Rim with network connectivity into Tokyo, Singapore and Hong Kong.
In 2013 Atrato IP Networks was acquired.
Operators.
The network is manned by dual network operations centers (NOCs) located in Lynn, Massachusetts, USA, Dublin, Republic of Ireland, and Pune India. There is a television/media operation center (TOC) in Baltimore, Maryland carrying media and broadcast traffic on both full-time and occasional use.
The network has cable landing stations in:
An additional landing point was established in Coleraine, County Londonderry (under Project Kelvin), Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
Current Network Locations include:

</doc>
<doc id="2842330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842330" title="Essential complexity">
Essential complexity

Essential complexity refers to a situation where all reasonable solutions to a problem must be complicated (and possibly confusing) because the "simple" solutions would not adequately solve the problem. It stands in contrast to accidental complexity, which arises purely from mismatches in the particular choice of tools and methods applied in the solution.
This term has been used since, at least, the mid-1980s. Turing Award winner Fred Brooks has used this term and its antonym of accidental complexity since the mid-1980s. He has also updated his views in 1995 for an anniversary edition of "Mythical Man-Month," chapter 17 "'No Silver Bullet' Refired".
Cyclomatic complexity.
Essential complexity is also used with a different meaning in connection with cyclomatic complexity. In this context, essential complexity refers to the cyclomatic complexity after iteratively replacing all well structured control structures with a single statement. Structures such as if-then-else and while loops are considered well structured and then do not increase the essential cyclomatic complexity. Unconstrained use of goto, break and continue statements can produce programs which can not be reduced in this way.
However, the structured program theorem proves that goto is never necessary; any program including goto can be re-written as an equivalent program that does not contain goto. Hence, this sense of essential complexity is not essential.
For example, the following C program fragment has an essential complexity of 1, because the inner if statement and the for can be reduced:
The following C program fragment has an essential complexity of more than one. It finds the first row of z which is all zero and puts that index in i; if there is none, it puts -1 in i.

</doc>
<doc id="2842337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842337" title="Kaiserslautern Military Community">
Kaiserslautern Military Community

Kaiserslautern military community is a community of Americans living in and around Kaiserslautern, Germany supporting United States armed forces and NATO installations, such as the Ramstein Air Base, Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, Kapaun Air Station, Vogelweh Housing Area, Pulaski Barracks, Kleber Kaserne, Daenner Kaserne, Panzer Kaserne, Sembach Kaserne, Miesau Army Depot, and Rhine Ordnance Barracks. With around 53,000 people, including military service members, Department of Defense civilians and contractors as well as their families, the KMC is the largest U.S. military community outside of the United States.
Facilities.
A combined Base Exchange (BX) and Post Exchange (PX) located on Ramstein AB makes it the largest AAFES shopping-facility in Europe - the Kaiserslautern Military Community Center (KMCC). This has become the biggest attraction for service members and their families. Several well-stocked libraries, several American restaurants (including a Chili's and Romano's Macaroni Grill), and other facilities provide services exclusively for holders of DOD ID cards.
569th United States Forces Police Squadron.
The 569th United States Forces Police Squadron, based in Vogelweh Military Complex, Germany, is an Air Force Security Forces squadron. The mission of the 569th USFPS is to provide airtight security for its Protection Level resources while delivering the highest degree of Air Provost duties and Force Protection integrity to the Kaiserslautern Military Community. They are supplemented in this mission by German Military Police (Feldjäger), and by the 230th Military Police Company.
The 569th is the last "Security Police" squadron in the Air Force. All members are recognized by their Security Police brassard.
The 569 USFPS executes the Air Force’s largest law enforcement mission, covering 1.1K square miles and providing police services to over 53,000 DoD personnel and their dependents, all while deploying and redeploying members to 15 different locations worldwide.
Schools.
Kaiserslautern military community includes DoDDS schools: Kaiserslautern Elementary, Middle, and High School, Vogelweh Elementary, Ramstein Elementary, Intermediate, Middle, and High School, Landstuhl Elementary Middle School, and Sembach Elementary, and Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="2842353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842353" title="Robert Glenister">
Robert Glenister

Robert Lewis Glenister (born 11 March 1960) is an English actor known for his roles as con man Ash "Three Socks" Morgan in the BBC television series "Hustle" (which ran for eight series in the UK between 2004 and 2012, Glenister being the only actor to appear in every episode), and Nicholas Blake in the BBC spy drama "Spooks".
Career.
Glenister made his first television appearance in the sitcom "Sink or Swim" in 1980. He has also appeared in shows such as "Soldier Soldier, " "Doctor Who" (in the serial "The Caves of Androzani", opposite his "Sink or Swim" co-star Peter Davison), "Only Fools and Horses (as Myles the millionaire garden centre owner and chairman of the SWANS committee)", "A Touch of Frost" and "Hustle" as Ash Morgan, as well as several films.
He is probably best known for his starring role in the BBC drama "Hustle"; Ash Morgan is a high-level con-man who has to convincingly play various roles or characters in order to pull off a con and lure a 'mark'. He is the only actor who has appeared in every episode of the series.
He has also had regular starring roles in the BBC dramas such as "Spooks", "George Gently" and "Spartacus".
Personal and family life.
He is the son of director John Glenister and the brother of actor Philip Glenister, who played DCI Gene Hunt in "Life on Mars" and "Ashes to Ashes". His ex-wife is actress Amanda Redman with whom he has a daughter, Emily. He and his current wife, Celia Glenister, have a son, Thomas. His sister-in-law is also an actress. When Robert Glenister was growing up he attended Harrow Weald Grammar School.
Audiobook.
The Silkworm (June 19, 2014)

</doc>
<doc id="2842365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842365" title="Vordonia">
Vordonia

Vordonia (Greek: Βορδόνια) is a small village in the base of Taygetos mountain, in Laconia, Greece. The village is divided into three communities (Kampos, Kato Hora and Pano Hora) and is part of the municipality of Sparti.
The name Vordonia is believed to harken back to the Villehardouin family, the first ruling dynasty of the Principality of Achaea after the Fourth Crusade (1204). William II Villehardouin located his capital at the town of Mystras, some 10 km SW of Vordonia. The Crusader castle located above the village lends credibility to this hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="2842368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842368" title="BSA Meteor Air Rifle">
BSA Meteor Air Rifle

The BSA Meteor is a Break Barrel spring powered Air Rifle made in Birmingham UK by Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) and first produced in 1959. It was the first air rifle to have the ability to fit a telescopic sight, and remains one of the worlds best selling air powered weapons with over 2 million sold worldwide. Marketed as an introductory air rifle for plinking, hunting and firearm training. it is available in .177 (4.5 mm) and .22 (5.5 mm) calibers with a choice of either standard or carbine length barrels.
Specifications.
Differing Meteors Mk's may be identified by the serial number prefix on the underside of the breech.
Operation.
The spring and piston were compressed by breaking the barrel through 125º before loading a pellet directly into the breach. The barrel is then returned into place and secured with a detent lock. The single stage trigger is adjustable for pressure. The sights are plastic with the front sight being able to be switched from a bead to a blade and the rear adjustable sight could switch between a "V" and "square notch". The cylinder had two shallow grooves to accept a telescopic sight.
The rifle was packed in a polystyrene tray with a printed cardboard sleeve. The standard kit included a bottle of oil, a small tube of eley wasp pellets and a pressed steel target holder with a few targets.The Meteor was a light and easy to use rifle with a " muzzle energy" of about 10 ft•lbf (13.6 J) of energy (for a good example) so range was limited to about 30m, with 15-20m being the maximum hunting range.
The rife was upgraded several times over its production, including the "Super Meteor" in 1968, some of these upgrades were merely cosmetic with slightly different sights and finishes. The latest (and final ) model designated the Mk7 is a full power variant with an anti-beartrap safety mechanism, manual safety catch and hi-visibility open sights.

</doc>
<doc id="2842380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842380" title="Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs">
Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs

Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs (vwo) or pre-university secondary education is the highest variant in the secondary educational system of the Netherlands, attended by approximately one fifth of all Dutch high school students. After leaving elementary school students are enrolled in different types of secondary schools, according to their academic ability. The vwo course is a six-year course and successful completion allows the candidate admission to Dutch university. The vwo exam is therefore a matriculation exam.
The vwo includes the so-called Gymnasium variant, which differs from the regular vwo variant (also called Atheneum) in that it has Latin and/or Classic Greek as an additional, compulsory part of the curriculum (some schools offer additional courses as well). A limited number of schools offer only the Gymnasium variant. Of all VWO students, around a quarter will elect to follow gymnasium, accounting for approximately 5-6% of all Dutch high school students.
Specialisation.
Prior to 2001, students in the vwo stream had to choose at least 7 out of roughly 14 (options varied by school) topics on which they would ultimately take the national examinations. Dutch and a modern foreign language - most often, but not necessarily, English - were the two compulsory topics, leaving 5 topics open for choice, which students picked according to their ability and interest. Students in the Gymnasium sub-stream would have to take at least one classical language (Ancient Greek, Latin). For others, the most commonly chosen topics included English, French, German, physics, biology, mathematics (applied and advanced), chemistry, history and economics (macro and micro). Less common topics were Spanish, Russian, Frisian, Italian and philosophy.
Since the 2001 'Phase II' reforms of Dutch secondary education, candidates have to specialize in one or more of four 'profiles' at the start of their fourth year of study in the vwo stream. These profiles contain a fixed set of topics which form a less fragmented study course, thus aiming to offer students a better and more holistic preparation for their university studies.
In the Phase II, all students are required to participate in the following courses: Dutch, English, mathematics (there are four different courses in mathematics: A/B/C/D), Latin or Ancient Greek/an additional foreign language (Gymnasium students are not required to follow an additional foreign language other than English), PE (in Dutch: 'bewegingsonderwijs of lichamelijk onderwijs'), ANW (General Nature Sciences, only in the fourth/fifth class, depending on the school), CKV (a general form of culture and art education in the Atheneum stream) or KCV (classical cultural education in the Gymnasium stream, similar to CKV, except from the fact that this course focuses on the classical aspect) and "Maatschappijleer" (only in the fourth class, similar to social sciences). The content of some subjects has also changed: economics has become a total subject, instead of variations between economics 1 or 2, similar to the fact that students no longer have to choose between French 1 or 2 and German 1 or 2 but will instead follow French and German as whole subjects.
The four profiles are:
"Students following the first two profiles are required to follow history and in the second profile economics is also required. There are more optional additional courses in the first two profiles than in the last two profiles. The number of optional additional courses vary per school. Additional languages are considered to be part of the first profile, while geography and philosophy can be applied to both profiles."
"The latter two profiles strongly overlap, so that it is possible to technically follow both profiles depending on the student's choice of optional topics. Students following Natuur en Gezondheid can do this by adding physics to their curriculum; students following Natuur en Techniek can do this by adding biology. The main difference between the third and fourth profile, besides mathematics B or D (the latter is combined with a subject called 'Nature, Life and Science' (Natuur, Leven en Techniek, NLT) in some schools), is following economy/geography/philosophy (the third profile) or physics/NLT (the fourth profile). It is possible to combine courses."
Profiles can be combined as well, for instance "Natuur en Techniek" with additional biology doubles as "Natuur en Gezondheid". Therefore, the four profiles are often put into two groups, the M-line for the first two profiles listed and the N-line for the last two listed.
Students can also choose to do an extra additional course. For instance, a student following "Natuur en Techniek" can attend a third foreign language if the school has sufficient facilities to do so or studies it in his spare time while only participating in the mandatory examinations.

</doc>
<doc id="2842397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842397" title="Octavien de Saint-Gelais">
Octavien de Saint-Gelais

Octavien de Saint-Gelais (1468–1502) was a French churchman, poet, and translator. He translated the "Aeneid" into French, as well as Ovid's "Heroides".
Born in Cognac, Charente, he studied theology at the Collège de Navarre, and became a member of the court of Charles VIII of France. A terrible sickness led him to abandon a formerly frivolous lifestyle and he took holy orders. Charles appointed him bishop of Angoulême in 1494. In this capacity, he reformed the monastic rules, visited the poor, decorated churches, and composed original poems, besides translating the works of the ancients. His poetic compositions include "Tout m'est dueil, tout m'est desplaisir" and "Plus n'ay d'actente au bien que j'espéroye".
An outbreak of the plague forced him to abandon his post as bishop in 1502, and he died the same year.
The French poet Clément Marot praised his work, and wrote that Saint-Gelais had made his birthplace, Cognac, eternal.
His nephew was the poet Mellin de Saint-Gelais.

</doc>
<doc id="2842421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842421" title="List of major U.S. Commands of World War II">
List of major U.S. Commands of World War II

The List of major U.S. Commands of World War II includes major military commands of the United States. These are units above corps level.

</doc>
<doc id="2842426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842426" title="Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway">
Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway

The Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway was a railroad in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Wheeling, West Virginia areas. Originally built as the Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal Railway, a Pittsburgh extension of George J. Gould's Wabash Railroad, the venture entered receivership in 1908 and the line was cut loose. An extension completed in 1931 connected it to the Western Maryland Railway at Connellsville, Pennsylvania, forming the Alphabet Route, an independent line between the Northeastern U.S. and the Midwest. It was leased by the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1964 in conjunction with the N&W acquiring several other sections of the former Alphabet Route, but was leased to the new spinoff Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway in 1990, just months before the N&W was merged into the Norfolk Southern Railway.
The original Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal Railway built several massive engineering works, including the Wabash Terminal in downtown Pittsburgh, destroyed by fire in 1946. The Wabash Bridge over the Monongahela River into Pittsburgh was torn down in 1948, and on December 27, 2004 the Wabash Tunnel just southwest of the bridge opened as a high occupancy vehicle roadway through Mount Washington. As of December 2008 the two piers of the long gone Wabash Bridge remain standing.
At the end of 1960 P&WV operated of road on of track; that year it reported 439 million net ton-miles of revenue freight.
History.
Gould system: 1901 to 1908.
Around 1900 George J. Gould was assembling railroads to create a transcontinental system. The Western Pacific Railway, Denver and Rio Grande Railroad and Missouri Pacific Railroad formed the line from the Pacific Ocean at San Francisco to the Mississippi River at St. Louis (completed in 1909). Past St. Louis, Gould acquired the Wabash Railroad to Toledo.
On February 1, 1901 Gould, along with Joseph Ramsey, Jr., of the Wabash and others, formed the Pittsburgh-Toledo Syndicate, a syndicate intending to extend the system to Pittsburgh. The next month, the syndicate bought the Pittsburgh and Mansfield Railroad, an unbuilt line with a charter to build into downtown Pittsburgh. By May 1 the syndicate gained control of the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railroad, extending the system from Toledo southeast to Zanesville, Ohio and Wheeling, West Virginia.
The extension to Pittsburgh was chartered in three parts - the Cross Creek Railroad April 23, 1900 in Ohio, Pittsburgh, Toledo and Western Railroad April 3, 1901 in West Virginia, and Pittsburgh, Carnegie and Western Railroad July 17, 1901 in Pennsylvania. Work on the line, branching off the P&WV's line to Wheeling at Pittsburgh Junction, Ohio, began June 14, 1901. On May 7, 1904 the three companies were consolidated into the Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal Railway, to which all the properties of the syndicate (including the W&LE) were transferred. The first train passed through the Wabash Tunnel and crossed the Wabash Bridge over the Monongahela River into Pittsburgh on June 1, and passenger service into the new Wabash Terminal began July 2, with through service over the W&LE and Wabash to Toledo, Chicago, St. Louis and Kansas City.
In addition to the Pittsburgh extension Gould planned a line from Zanesville southeast to Belington, West Virginia, built by the Little Kanawha Syndicate. From Belington east to tidewater in Baltimore, the Fuller Syndicate bought the West Virginia Central and Pittsburg Railway and a controlling interest in the Western Maryland Railroad in 1902. Another part of the plan was the Philadelphia and Western Railway, a high-speed third rail electric interurban line, which would have run from Philadelphia west to the Western Maryland at York, Pennsylvania. The lines of the Fuller Syndicate were completed to Baltimore, but the Little Kanawha line was not completed and a connection between the main system and the Fuller Syndicate was not built.
As Gould's plans affected the Pennsylvania Railroad's business, PRR took measures to fight back. This included the eviction from PRR property of telegraph poles owned by Gould's Western Union.
The Panic of 1907 hit Gould hard, due to the high costs of building the line when all the easy routes had been taken, and the Western Maryland Railroad was the first of his properties to fail, entering receivership on March 5, 1908. The Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal Railway entered receivership May 29 of that year, ending through traffic between Pittsburgh and the W&LE and Wabash system.
Independence: 1908 to 1929.
After years of operation by its receivers, the company was finally sold at foreclosure in August 1916 and reorganized November as the Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway. The line was again being considered for part of a major system - the "Fifth System" to supplement the four major players, the Pennsylvania Railroad, New York Central Railroad, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and Erie Railroad - but there was still the issue of the gap between the W&LE/P&WV and the Western Maryland, never filled by the Little Kanawha Syndicate.
The existing West Side Belt Railroad provided for the beginning of this extension, crossing the P&WV at the southwest portal of the Wabash Tunnel under Mount Washington and running southeast and east to Clairton on the Monongahela River. After an initial denial, the Interstate Commerce Commission approved the P&WV's plan to acquire the West Side Belt in December 1928.
Pennsylvania Railroad influence: 1929 to 1964.
In 1929, the Pennsylvania Railroad incorporated the Pennroad Corporation as an investment and holding company. This allowed the PRR to indirectly invest in other transportation companies without ICC regulation. Among the initial purchases, 72% of the P&WV was acquired.
On February 11, 1931 the extension to Connellsville, Pennsylvania opened, where the Western Maryland continued east, splitting from the West Side Belt at Pierce. This formed what came to be known as the Alphabet Route, following roughly the same plan as Gould's system, but using the Nickel Plate Road rather than the Wabash to reach both St. Louis and Chicago. Interestingly, the P&WV and Western Maryland never actually physically connected to one another in Connellsville - a short section of Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad trackage was used to connect the P&WV to the WM.
The Nickel Plate leased the Wheeling and Lake Erie on December 1, 1949. In March of 1950, the Pennroad announced plans to lease the P&WV to the Nickle Plate. In 1962, the Norfolk & Western Railway filed to included the P&WV in the upcoming merger of the Nickel Plate. On October 16, 1964 the Norfolk and Western acquired the Nickel Plate and leased the P&WV. On the other hand, the Western Maryland Railway eventually went to the competing Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and Chesapeake and Ohio Railway in 1967. Following the abandonment of the Western Maryland Railway mainline from Connellsville to Cumberland, MD in 1975, a connection was established between the P&WV and the B&O at a location near Connellsville called Sodem, and the P&WV's connection to the P&LE and WM was abandoned at this same time. This enabled a semblance of the old Alphabet Route to continue under the Chessie System, although on B&O lines east from Connellsville instead of WM lines.
Norfolk and Western: 1964 to 1990.
The Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railroad was organized in 1967 as a real estate investment trust to own the property leased to the N&W. The railroad is now a subsidiary of POWER REIT, real estate investment trust that is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol "PW". The leased properties consist of a railroad line 112 miles in length, extending from Connellsville, Washington, and Allegheny Counties in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; Brooke County in the State of West Virginia, and Jefferson and Harrison Counties in Ohio. There are also branch lines that total 20 miles in length located in Washington County and Allegheny County in Pennsylvania and Brooke County, West Virginia. The railroad was leased in 1964 to NSC, formerly Norfolk and Western Railway Company, by the Company's predecessor for 99 years with the right of unlimited renewal for additional 99-year period under the same terms and conditions, including annual rent payments.
The lease provides that NSC at its own expense and without deduction from the rent, will maintain, manage and operate the leased property and make such improvements thereto as it considers desirable. Such improvements made by NSC become the property of the Pittsburgh & West Virginia Railroad, and the cost thereof constitutes a recorded indebtedness of the Company to NSC. 
The Company's business consists solely of the ownership of the properties subject to the lease, and of collection of rent thereon. Upon termination of the lease, all properties covered by the lease would be returned to Pittsburgh & West Virginia Railroad, together with sufficient cash and other assets to permit operation of the railroad for one year.
Wheeling and Lake Erie: 1990 to present.
On May 17, 1990, Norfolk Southern spun off most of the former W&LE as a new Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway. The P&WV lease was transferred to the new W&LE, which has also acquired trackage rights over CSX Transportation lines from Connellsville east to Hagerstown, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="2842445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842445" title="James Kirk (actor)">
James Kirk (actor)

James Nichol Kirk (born May 2, 1986) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his role of Sebastian in "She's the Man". He's the "son-on-stage" of fellow Canadian actress Lynda Boyd. 

</doc>
<doc id="2842461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842461" title="Heroides">
Heroides

The Heroides ("The Heroines"), or Epistulae Heroidum ("Letters of Heroines"), is a collection of fifteen epistolary poems composed by Ovid in Latin elegiac couplets and presented as though written by a selection of aggrieved heroines of Greek and Roman mythology in address to their heroic lovers who have in some way mistreated, neglected, or abandoned them.
A further set of six poems—widely known as the "Double Heroides" and numbered 16 to 21 in modern scholarly editions—follows these individual letters and presents three separate exchanges of paired epistles: one each from a heroic lover to his absent beloved and from the heroine in return.
Arguably some of Ovid's most influential works (see below), one point that has greatly contributed to the mystique of the "Heroides"—and to the reverberations they have produced within the writings of later generations—is directly attributable to Ovid himself. In the third book of his "Ars Amatoria", Ovid makes the claim that, in writing these fictional epistolary poems in the personae of famous heroines—rather than from a first-person perspective—he created an entirely new literary genre. Recommending parts of his poetic output as suitable reading material to his assumed audience of Roman women, Ovid wrote of his "Heroides": "vel tibi composita cantetur Epistola voce: | ignotum hoc aliis ille novavit opus" ("Ars Amatoria" : "Or let an Epistle be sung out by you in practiced voice: unknown to others, he ["sc." Ovid] originated this sort of composition”). The full extent of Ovid's originality in this matter has been a point of scholarly contention: E. J. Kenney, for instance, notes that ""novavit" is ambiguous: either 'invented' or 'renewed', cunningly obscuring without explicitly disclaiming Odebt to Propertius' [http://www.thelatinlibrary.com/prop4.html#3 "Arethusa" (4.3) for the original idea." In spite of various interpretations of Propertius 4.3, consensus nevertheless concedes to Ovid the lion's share of the credit in the thorough exploration of what was, in its time, a highly innovative poetic form.
Dating and authenticity.
The exact dating of the "Heroides", as with the overall chronology of the Ovidian corpus, remains a matter of debate. As Peter E. Knox notes, "is no consensus about the relative chronology of this ["sc." early phase of O's career," a position which has not advanced significantly since that comment was made. Exact dating is hindered not only by a lack of evidence, but by the fact that much of what is known at all comes from Ovid's own poetry. One passage in the second book of Ovid's "Amores" ("Am.") has been adduced especially often in this context:
Knox notes that "passage ... provides the only external evidence for the date of composition of the "Heroides" listed here. The only collection of "Heroides" attested by O[vid therefore antedates at least the second edition of the "Amores" (c. 2 BC), and probably the first (c. 16 BC) ..." On this view, the most probable date of "composition" for at least the majority of the collection of single "Heroides" ranges between c. 25 and 16 BC, if indeed their eventual "publication" predated that of the assumed first edition of the "Amores" in that latter year. Regardless of absolute dating, the evidence nonetheless suggests that the single "Heroides" represent some of Ovid's earliest poetic efforts.
Questions of authenticity, however, have often inhibited the literary appreciation of these poems. Joseph Farrell identifies three distinct issues of importance to the collection in this regard: (1) individual interpolations within single poems, (2) the authorship of entire poems by a possible Ovidian impersonator, and (3) the relation of the "Double Heroides" to the singles, coupled with the authenticity of that secondary collection. Discussion of these issues has been a focus, even if tangentially, of many treatments of the "Heroides" in recent memory.
As an example following these lines, for some time scholars debated over whether this passage from the "Amores"—corroborating, as it does, only the existence of "Her." 1–2, 4–7, 10–11, and very possibly of 12, 13, and 15—could be cited fairly as evidence for the "in"authenticity of at least the letters of Briseis (3), Hermione (8), Deianira (9), and Hypermnestra (14), if not also those of Medea (12), Laodamia (13), and Sappho (15). Stephen Hinds argues, however, that this list constitutes only a "poetic" catalogue, in which there was no need for Ovid to have enumerated every individual epistle. This assertion has been widely persuasive, and the tendency amongst scholarly readings of the later 1990s and following has been towards careful and insightful literary explication of individual letters, either proceeding under the assumption of, or with an eye towards proving, Ovidian authorship. Other studies, eschewing direct engagement with this issue in favour of highlighting the more ingenious elements—and thereby demonstrating the high value—of individual poems in the collection, have essentially subsumed the authenticity debate, implicating it through a tacit equation of high literary quality with Ovidian authorship. This trend is visible especially in the most recent monographs on the "Heroides". On the other hand, some scholars have taken a completely different route, ascribing the whole collection to one or two Ovidian imitators (the catalogue in "Am." 2.18, as well as "Ars am." 3.345–6 and "Epistulae ex Ponto" 4.16.13–14, would then be interpolations introduced to establish the imitations as authentic Ovid).
The collection.
The paired letters of the "Double Heroides" are not outlined here: see the relevant section of that article for the double epistles (16–21). The single "Heroides" are written from the viewpoints of the following heroines (and heroes). The quotations highlighted are the opening couplets of each poem, by which each would have been identified in medieval manuscripts of the collection:
Translations and influence.
The Heroides were popularized by the Loire valley poet Baudri of Bourgueil in the late eleventh century, and Heloise used them as models in her famous letters to Abelard. A translation, "Les Vingt et Une Epistres d'Ovide", was made of this work at the end of the 15th century by the French poet Octavien de Saint-Gelais, who later became Bishop of Angoulême. While Saint-Gelais' translation does not do full justice to the original, it introduced many non-Latin readers to Ovid's fictional letters and inspired many of them to compose their own Heroidean-style epistles. Perhaps the most successful of these were the "Quatre Epistres d'Ovide" (c. 1500) by André de La Vigne, a friend and colleague of Saint-Gelais. Later translations and creative responses to the "Heroides" include Jean Lemaire de Belges's "Premiere Epître de l'Amant vert" (1505), Fausto Andrelini's verse epistles (1509–1511; written in the name of Anne de Bretagne), Michel d'Amboise's "Contrepistres d'Ovide" (1546), and Juan Rodríguez de la Cámara's "Bursario", a partial translation of the "Heroides".
The Loeb Classical Library presents the "Heroides" with "Amores" in Ovid I. Penguin Books first published Harold Isbell's translation in 1990. Isbell's translation uses unrhymed couplets that generally alternate between eleven and nine syllables. A translation in rhymed couplets by Daryl Hine appeared in 1991.
Notes.
All notes refer to works listed in the Bibliography, below.
Selected bibliography.
For references specifically relating to that subject, please see the relevant bibliography of the "Double Heroides".

</doc>
<doc id="2842462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842462" title="First Impressions of Earth">
First Impressions of Earth

First Impressions of Earth is the third studio album by the American indie rock band The Strokes. It was released in January 2006 (see 2006 in music), having been preceded by lead single "Juicebox" some weeks earlier. It is also the first album by The Strokes to have a Parental Advisory Label.
Recording.
The album was recorded over a ten-month period. The Strokes initially set out to record it with Gordon Raphael, the producer of their first two albums. Later on, guitarist Albert Hammond, Jr. introduced them to Grammy Award-winning producer David Kahne (Paul McCartney, Tony Bennett, Sublime), who stepped in to collaborate with Raphael. However, the collaboration was not working out and so Raphael stepped down. As a result, the majority of the album was produced by Kahne.
Track listing.
All songs written by Julian Casablancas, except where noted.
Reception.
Critical.
The album has a score of 69 out of 100 from Metacritic based on 38 reviews indicating "generally favorable reviews". Some of the reviews were among the harshest The Strokes had received up to this point in the band's recording career. For instance, Heather Phares of Allmusic called the album The Strokes' "weakest album yet." At the same time, the album also received positive reviews from the likes of Will Hermes of "Entertainment Weekly" who praised the album and thought it was a marked improvement over The Strokes' previous album "Room on Fire". In his Consumer Guide, Robert Christgau gave the album a three-star honorable mention () while picking out two songs from the album ("You Only Live Once" and "Ask Me Anything") and stating, "You know how it is--the gym does more for your wind than for your jump shot."
Even more reviews were positive. Playlouder gave it four-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "Turns out what the world was waiting for really was those that saved guitars finally making a record that truly reaped the rewards of their efforts." Punknews.org gave it a score of three-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "What exactly it is the Strokes ultimately hope to achieve with their music remains to be seen. However, so long as they continue to put out quality discs with high replay value, they will remain that rare breed of band where hype did not spoil the goods." musicOMH gave it a score of three-and-a-half stars out of five and stated, "For the first six songs, the whole thing is as exhilarating as Is This It?, it's in a different way, undoubtedly, but there's the same giddy rush of excitement." "Stylus Magazine" gave it a B− and called it "the first pretty good album of the year." Tiny Mix Tapes also gave the album a score of three-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "There is indeed more good than bad. Unfortunately, there is also more bad than there should be."
Some of the reviews are mixed or negative. Drowned in Sound gave it a score of six out of ten and stated, "Cast away the politics and the last twenty minutes and you'll still be left with two or three top tunes to add to your daily playlists, but it was never going to be ground-breaking or innovative." "Uncut" gave it three stars out of five and said, "The ambition's hampered by Julian Casablancas' sad-sack singing." "Paste" also gave it a score of six out of ten and stated, "By the time they're through brandishing quotations, The Strokes don't have much of their own to say here." "Slant Magazine" gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five and said it "introduces some subtle new colors to the band's musical palette... but the pervasive sense of inert boredom, which has been noted as a strength in the past, is difficult to shake." PopMatters gave it a score of five stars out of ten and said, "While it might be easy to point to the industry guy behind the boards, the album speaks for itself, and the Strokes managed to write a flop all by themselves."
"Heart in a Cage" was the album's second single, followed by "You Only Live Once". "NME" rated "First Impressions of Earth" at #8 in its Albums of the Year 2006 list.
Commercial.
"First Impressions of Earth" entered the UK album chart at #1, The Strokes' first one at the top spot. The album peaked at #4 in the US, with an entry sales week of 88,000 units, somewhat below the performance of its predecessors. In Canada, the album debuted at #3, selling just under 10,000 copies. As of October 2006, the album had sold 271,000 units in the US, falling short of gold certification. Although the album was the band's first release to reach #1 on any chart worldwide, it is the only one not to reach UK platinum status, and spent much less time on the charts than the previous albums. However, it has still achieved gold sales in Australia and silver sales in the UK as of 2012.
Personnel.
Artwork.
The following artworks appear in the 32-page booklet included with the deluxe version of the album:

</doc>
<doc id="2842470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842470" title="Jon Daniels">
Jon Daniels

Jon Daniels (born August 24, 1977) is the current President of Baseball Operations and General Manager of the Texas Rangers, a Major League Baseball team. When hired at age 28, he was the youngest GM in Major League Baseball history, and as of 2011 he was still the youngest GM.
Biography.
Daniels was born and raised in Queens, New York. He went to Hunter College High School and Cornell University, majored in Applied Economics and Management, and joined the Delta Chi Fraternity. After graduating from Cornell University in 1999, Daniels went into business development for Allied Domecq.
Baseball career.
His baseball career began in 2001, when he landed an internship with the Colorado Rockies. After the baseball season concluded that year, Daniels was informed of an opening in the Rangers organization. He applied and was hired by then GM John Hart as Assistant, Baseball Operations. He was promoted to Director, Baseball Operations in October 2003. In this role, Daniels negotiated multi-year contracts for Michael Young, Hank Blalock, and Francisco Cordero. In July 2004, Grady Fuson left the organization and Daniels was promoted to assistant GM.
General manager.
On October 4, 2005, Hart announced he was stepping down as GM and the Rangers replaced him with Daniels. At the age of 28 years and 41 days, Jon Daniels became the youngest GM in baseball history.
2006 Season.
Daniels' first major deal as general manager was trading Alfonso Soriano to the Washington Nationals for Brad Wilkerson, Terrmel Sledge, and Armando Galarraga, a move that perplexed many Rangers fans in the DFW area at the time. The move had many pros and cons. Soriano hit 46 homers and went on to steal 41 bases the next season and Wilkerson played most of the season injured and ended with a .222 batting average. On the other hand, trading Soriano opened up a spot for rookie Ian Kinsler and freed up money that would have been spent on Soriano's salary to be more flexible in offering Kevin Millwood a large contract.
A trade made in December of 2005, sent pitcher Chris Young, outfielder Sledge and first baseman Adrian Gonzalez to the San Diego Padres for pitchers Adam Eaton and Akinori Otsuka, and catcher Billy Killian. While Otsuka filled a valuable role as the Rangers closer, the oft-injured Eaton only pitched 65 innings with an ERA of 5.12. Dallas-native Chris Young pitched 180 innings for the Padres, racking up 164 K's and posting an ERA of 3.46. Adrian Gonzalez (considered a prized prospect) batted .304 for the Padres while hitting 24 home runs. This is generally considered the worst move of Daniels' career.
Some of Daniels' other moves have been better received. On the eve of the 2006 season, after losing #2 starter Eaton to injury, Daniels made a three-way deal, sending Juan Dominguez to the Oakland Athletics for John Rheinecker and Freddie Bynum, the latter of which he turned and traded to the Chicago Cubs for John Koronka. Koronka and Rheinecker helped shore up the Rangers rotation in April and May, while Dominguez stayed at Oakland's AAA affiliate for the entire year.
Another trade Daniels made was sending Laynce Nix, Kevin Mench, and Francisco Cordero to the Milwaukee Brewers for minor leaguer Nelson Cruz, and All-star left fielder Carlos Lee. The trade was completed just before the trade deadline of the 2006 season. Lee was the most sought after trade target during the season and provided the Rangers with a strong bat in the middle of the lineup. Lee then signed a $100 million free agent contract with the Houston Astros, giving the Rangers the #17 and #35 draft picks (Blake Beavan and Julio Borbon, respectively) and in 2007 as compensation. Cruz emerged as a power-hitting All-Star in the 2009 season for the Rangers, and became a mainstay in the lineup during the World Series years.
2007 Season.
In late December 2006, Daniels collaborated with White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams, engineering a trade that caught many within baseball's inner circles off guard. The Rangers acquired young starter Brandon McCarthy in exchange for the even younger John Danks.
The Rangers committed fully to a rebuilding program during 2007, one that would directly lead to the team's unparalleled playoff success several years later.
On July 31, 2007, Daniels made two career-defining trades, one with the Atlanta Braves, the other with Boston Red Sox. Daniels first agreed with Atlanta Braves General Manager John Schuerholz to trade coveted slugger Mark Teixeira and relief pitcher Ron Mahay for catching prospect Jarrod Saltalamacchia. The Rangers were also able to obtain four minor leaguers in the trade. The first of these prospects, left-hander Matt Harrison, emerged as a starter in the 2009 Ranger rotation. The second of the these prospects acquired from the Braves, Elvis Andrus, now widely hailed as an elite young shortstop. Another, Neftalí Feliz, is a well regarded power pitcher who joined the Rangers bullpen in 2009. Both Andrus and Feliz were named as All-Stars in 2010, a season in which Feliz was voted rookie of the year.
But there was another substantive trade that day, which occurred just before the trade deadline, Daniels agreed to send closer Éric Gagné to the Boston Red Sox for young starting pitcher Kason Gabbard, Triple-A prospect David Murphy, and rookie-league outfielder Engel Beltre.
Not receiving as much attention at the time, Daniels also made a third trade prior to the deadline sending center fielder Kenny Lofton to the Indians for catching prospect Max Ramirez.
As a result of the 2007 draft, trades and Latin America free agent signings, the Rangers jumped to the #4 system in Baseball America 2008 organization rankings. This represented the biggest jump since Baseball America began ranking MLB farm systems.
2008 Season.
Before the 2008 Season, Daniels traded the 2nd member of what was once dubbed the "DVD trio", sending Edison Volquez to the Reds for Outfielder Josh Hamilton. This trade has received positive reviews for both sides, as each player made an All-star appearance with their new team and both teams made the playoffs in the 2010 season. Hamilton has emerged as one of the biggest stars in the game, winning the 2010 AL MVP, and establishing himself as an elite offensive performer.
Baseball America recognized the Rangers as having the best farm system following the 2008 season. Notable additions to the system in 2008 included draft picks Justin Smoak, Robbie Ross, and Joe Wieland.
2010 Season.
At the 2009 Winter Meetings, many media analysts expected the Rangers to be wallflowers, as the team was up for sale, leaving Daniels with minimal budget. In order to free up salary, Daniels orchestrated a deal with the Baltimore Orioles, dealing veteran starting pitcher Kevin Millwood for young reliever Chris Ray and left-handed pitcher Ben Snyder. With the salary freed up by the departure of Millwood, the Rangers signed free agent Rich Harden. The initial fan and media reaction to the deal were mostly positive, even though both Ray and Harden were recovering from arm injuries. Daniels also signed free agents Vladimir Guerrero and Colby Lewis. 
On July 1, Daniels acquired catcher Bengie Molina from the San Francisco Giants for relief pitcher Chris Ray and prospect Michael Main. On July 9, Daniels acquired pitchers Cliff Lee and Mark Lowe from the Seattle Mariners for Blake Beavan, Matt Lawson, Josh Lueke, and prized prospect Justin Smoak. On July 29, Daniels acquired Jorge Cantú from the Florida Marlins for prospects Evan Reed and Omar Poveda. On July 30, Daniels acquired Cristian Guzmán from the Washington Nationals for prospects Ryan Tatusko and Tanner Roark. On July 31, after high expectations and several disappointments, Daniels traded away the Texas Rangers 2010 opening day starting catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia to the Boston Red Sox for prospects Chris McGuiness, Roman Mendez, a player to be named later, and cash considerations equaling near $350,000.
On October 22, Daniels and the Texas Rangers won the American League pennant when they eliminated the New York Yankees from the ALCS in 6 games.
On December 8, Daniels was named the "Baseball America" Major League Executive of the Year.
2013 Season.
On March 1, 2013 Jon Daniels was promoted by the Texas Rangers to be President of Baseball Operations and General Manager. 
2014 Season.
On November 20th 2013, Daniels kicked off a superb Rangers offseason by trading Ian Kinsler to the Detroit Tigers for Prince Fielder and cash. The move occurred before the winter meetings with many considering the Rangers to be active as they continue to pursue their first World Series championship. 
Nolan Ryan stated that said Friday he probably should have asked former Rangers owner Tom Hicks to help facilitate his relationship with Jon Daniels, when Ryan joined the organization in 2008 as club president. 

</doc>
<doc id="2842479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842479" title="Have I Offended Someone?">
Have I Offended Someone?

Have I Offended Someone? is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa, and was posthumously released in 1997. As indicated by the title, it compiles a number of Zappa's songs that have gained notoriety as being particularly offensive, and often satirical or parodic. Most of the tracks on the collection were previously available on other albums, but nearly all appear here in remixed form. The live version of "Dumb All Over" is a premiere recording. The 1984 recording of "Tinsel Town Rebellion" is listed as a premiere recording, as well, though it had previously appeared in the home video release "Does Humor Belong in Music?".
The cover art was illustrated by alternative painter Ralph Steadman.
Track listing.
All tracks by Frank Zappa, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2842484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842484" title="BECU">
BECU

BECU is a credit union originally established to serve employees of The Boeing Company. BECU was founded as Fellowship Credit Union in 1935 by 18 Boeing employees, and was named Boeing Employees' Credit Union for much of its history. Based in Tukwila, Washington, BECU has over $12 billion in assets and over 850,000 members, making it the largest credit union in Washington and fourth largest in the United States. Benson Porter is the current President and CEO.
BECU has over 45 Neighborhood Financial Centers throughout the Puget Sound area. Anyone who lives, works, owns a business, attends school or worships in Washington is eligible to join BECU, as are past and current employees of The Boeing Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates, BECU itself, and the Museum of Flight. Additionally, all related by descent, adoption, marriage or domestic partnership to a person meeting one of the above criteria are eligible.

</doc>
<doc id="2842501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842501" title="Going Mobile">
Going Mobile

"Going Mobile" is a song written by Pete Townshend and originally released by The Who on their 1971 album "Who's Next". It was originally written for Townshend's abandoned "Lifehouse" project, with lyrics celebrating the joy of having a mobile home and being able to travel the open road. The Who's normal lead singer Roger Daltrey did not take part in the recording of the song, leaving the rest of the band to record it as a power trio; Townshend handles the lead vocals, guitars, and synthesizers, with John Entwistle on bass and Keith Moon on drums. The song has attracted mixed reviews from music critics. The Who never played the song live.
Lyrics and music.
"Going Mobile" is one of the lighter moments on "Who's Next". It was originally conceived as part of Townshend's abandoned "Lifehouse" project. Townshend described the use of the song in the proposed project as follows: "As the story unfolded, because of the vagaries of the modern world, because of pollution being caused mainly by people's need to travel, to be somewhere else. (People) had been told, 'You can't do that anymore. You have to stay where you are.' But people have got this lust for life, and adventure, and a bit of color." It celebrates the joys of having a mobile home and being able to travel the highways at will – Townshend himself had acquired a mobile home about a year before the song was recorded. An example of the theme is illustrated by such lyrics as:
"Going Mobile" was recorded without Who lead singer Roger Daltrey. Rather, guitarist and songwriter Townshend handled the vocals on the song. Instrumentation includes acoustic guitar, bass guitar and drums. A VCS 3 synthesizer is also overdubbed on part of the song. Further, on his guitar solo, Townshend plays the instrument through an envelope follower, a feature of the ARP synthesizer that produces what Townshend describes as a "fuzzy wah-wah sound". Author Chris Charlesworth describes the effect as being as if Townshend is playing underwater. Allmusic critic Tom Maginnis describes Entwistle's bass playing on the song as "ultra-fluid" and Moon's drumming as "exuberant."
Critical reception.
"Rolling Stone Magazine"'s John Mendelsohn described the song as "inane". However, in "The Rolling Stone Record Guide", John Swenson described "Going Mobile" as one of "Townshend's most beautiful songs".Allmusic's Tom Maginnis states that "Going Mobile" "shows the tremendous energy of the band without the support of powerful guitar amplification". Charlesworth states that "Going Mobile" "lacks the grandeur" of some other "Who's Next" songs, but nonetheless considers it "a witty and worthy contender".
Other appearances.
The Who never played "Going Mobile" live in concert. Townshend included a version of "Going Mobile" on his solo album "The Lifehouse Chronicles".
In 2011, Simon Townshend performed the song with Roger Daltrey's No Plan B band on its "Tommy Reborn" concert tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2842506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842506" title="Bear Paw Mountains">
Bear Paw Mountains

The Bear Paw Mountains (aka Bear's Paw or Bearpaws Mountains) are an insular-montane island range in North-Central Montana, USA, located approximately 10 miles south of Havre, Montana. Baldy Mountain, which rises 6,916 feet (2,108 meters) above sea level, is the highest peak in the range.
The Bears Paw Mountains extend in a 45-mile arc between the Missouri River and Rocky Boy’s Indian Reservation south of Havre.
Geology.
The Cretaceous Bearpaw Formation outcrops in these mountains, and is named for the range.
Native American legend.
Native oral history ties the name to a lone hunter in search of deer to feed his clan. He killed a deer but, while returning to the prairie, encountered a bear. The bear held the hunter to the ground, and the hunter appealed to the Great Spirit to release him. The Great Spirit filled the heavens with lightning and thunder, striking the bear dead and severing its paw to release the hunter. Looking at Box Elder Butte, one can see the paw, and Centennial Mountain to the south resembles a reclining bear.
Locals refer to the range as the Bearpaws (Assiniboine: "Waną́be"; Apsáalooke: "Daxpitcheeischikáate", "Bear's little hand"). 
Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce surrendered to Col. Nelson Miles in the foothills of the Bear's Paw Mountains in October 1877 after the Battle of Bear Paw.

</doc>
<doc id="2842516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842516" title="Newdigate">
Newdigate

Newdigate is a village and civil parish in the Mole Valley borough of Surrey lying in a relatively flat part of the Weald to the east of the A24 road between Dorking and Horsham, ESE of Guildford and south of London. Neighbouring parishes are Charlwood, North Holmwood, South Holmwood, Leigh and Capel.
History.
Etymology.
Newdigate is derived from "on Ewood gate" which means "on the road to Ewood". 'Ewood' appears in many places throughout the parish. Various other forms are seen in surviving manuscripts such as manorial rolls, Assize Rolls and feet of fines: Newdegate (13th century), Newedegate and Neudegate (15th century) and Nudgate (16th century).
Early history.
In early history Newdigate was at the western heart of the Weald a much more dense wooded forest occupying the space between the North and South Downs.
Middle Ages.
Newdigate was for the most part in Copthorne Hundred, forming a detached part of it. But the hamlet of Parkgate and the part of the parish near it were in Reigate Hundred. The place does not appear at all in the 1086 Domesday Book, and the connection with Copthorne is a probable result of the land holding by the Montfort family of Newdigate together with Ashtead Manor, while Parkgate was held with Reigate and Dorking by the Earls of Warenne and Surrey.
Newdigate has a medieval church, St. Peter's Church, which is a grade II* listed building.
Ewood (Yew Wood) was described during the medieval period as a "park" which was an enclosure of the forest for the purpose of deer hunting - the patent rolls of 1312 refer to it.
As Newdigate began as a road through the forest (Reigate to Ockley) rather than a fixed settlement. An inclosure of considerable land later gave rise to the name Parkgate, the "gate" by now meaning an entrance.
Newdigate or Marshlands Manor.
In 1564 Trinity College, Cambridge's estate at Newdigate was divided amongst various tenants who paid quit-rents, heriots, and owed suit of court. In 1702 its manor house and farms of Naylors, Horseland, and Bearland, in good repair, were let to Dr. Akehurst. emained in the possession of Trinity College until the middle of the 19th century.
Newdigate Place.
Newdigate Place also often early on named Newdigate Manor was the seat of Richard de Newdigate's family from 1234–5, a large house standing round a courtyard. Henry Nevill, then Lord Abergavenny at the close of the 16th century (Tudor Period) was overlord only of the manor, it having descended to him. Newdigate Place was almost totally demolished near the end of the 18th century. From 1636–1810 the manor was owned by the Budgen family. A former version standing close to it was pulled down by John Budgen owner between 1772 and 1805. In 1810 the buyer was the Duke of Norfolk.
Cudworth Manor.
In 1298–9 Walter de la Poyle died seised of the site of the manor of Cudworth or Cudford, in Newdigate and Rusper, Sussex which he held of the Abbot of Chertsey in socage.
Building material of medieval date visible in the footings of the present house suggest that in its final form the moated manor took the form of a courtyard house of which extensive remains may survive in what is now the garden of the house.
Manor and Park of Ewood/Iwood.
In 1574 a survey was taken of the dwelling houses and buildings, including the ironworks, furnace, forge, and hammer, which were then worked by Robert Reynolds, who was occupying the mansion house and park, and who also held the brew house and watermill for grinding corn. The ironworks were then said to be worth £40 yearly. After many more owners — Sir Francis Carew was among the owners — Joseph Valentine Grimstead sold it to the Duke of Norfolk in 1786.
In 1807 the Duke of Norfolk began to build a new house at Ewood, but it was never completed, and the part built was pulled down after the duke's death in 1815. By 1911 Henry Lee Steere of Jayes Park, Ockley, was Lord of the Manor.
Kingsland Manor.
Fewer nobility have held this manor, namely in 1619 Kingsland Manor was briefly purchased by Sir Thomas Bludder and by 1716 ended up in the use of Ezra Gill, Lords of the manor of Temple Elfold, Capel.
Early industry in Newdigate.
Owing to its iron foundry, for which a former lake, Ewood Pond was built, Newdigate was among the parishes excepted by name from the Act 1 Elizabeth against cutting of timber, and the works at Ewood were excepted by name from a later Act on the same matter owing to the good management of the woods.
Post industrial Revolution.
Based on the 1841 Census, Samuel Lewis (publisher) wrote in his topographical guide to England that the population was 552.
St Peter's living as today is a rectory and in the patronage of the Crown. All tithes have been commuted for £580, and the glebe comprised in 1848 . A description given in 1911 for the Victoria County Histories topological summary is in terms of land use: "The parish is still thickly wooded, and is purely agricultural, except for brick and tile works."
Charities funded an exhibition (scholarship) for four years study for one of the school's pupils to Trinity College, Cambridge.
From the 1930s to the early 1980s Newdigate was home to the Schermuly Rocket Pistol Apparatus Limited, manufacturer of devices for firing rescue lines to stricken ships.
Geography.
Newdigate is east of the A24 road between Dorking and Horsham, ESE of Guildford and south of London.
Endemic to the soil in Newdigate are a number of thick clay beds making the area was home to numerous brickmaking businesses. However the local brickworks is now a housing estate called Mulberry Place, or more commonly, "The Mulberries".
Localities.
Cudworth.
Cudworth is a hamlet is southeast of the village centre of Newdigate. In its centre is a scheduled ancient monument, grade II* listed, tight-moated manor house, Cudworth Manor, see history above.
Parkgate.
Parkgate contains several residential roads, split by Ewood and Parkgate copses, two small copses part of a small forest from Reffolds Copse to Furzefield and Hammonds Copses.
Economy, Culture and Community.
Newdigate has a village shop with a sub post office and two public houses as well as many small businesses.
Newdigate village hall is a substantial building hired out for activities and events.
Due to a controlled number of properties in good condition, village amenities and Endowed Infant School the house prices in Newdigate are considerably higher than in nearby North and South Holmwood; the area is very much part of the London Commuter Belt and the nearest railway station is Holmwood railway station which is on the Mole Valley Line. The location of this station is in fact Beare Green, Capel away from the village centre.
Demography and housing.
Newdigate civil parish had in 2001 a population of 1,524 in 625 households of which 17.7% were aged over 65; 3.9% of the population were in full-time further education; 76.8% of all men were economically active whereas 2.4% were unemployed, 5% worked part-time; 60.4% of all women were economically active whereas 0.9% were unemployed, 33.8% worked part-time.
As to ethnicity, 98.8% of the population identified themselves as being white, 0.2% as black 0.2%, as of Indian descent, 0.2%, as of Pakistani descent and 0.0% as of mixed or other ethnicity.
In terms of religion, 78.3%% of the population responded as being Christian, 0.4% as Muslim, 1.2% other religions, 13.8% as atheist and 6.6% declined to answer.
Newdigate's economy is predominantly a service sector economy reflected by a low concentration at one end of the official categorisation table of occupation given, compiled from the 2001 census:
Whereas 32.0% of the population worked in middle or higher professional occupations, based upon salary and title.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.
The proportion of households in the civil parish who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).

</doc>
<doc id="2842530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842530" title="Lycée La Fontaine">
Lycée La Fontaine

Lycée La Fontaine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842531" title="Rod Smallwood">
Rod Smallwood

Roderick Charles "Rod" Smallwood (born 17 February 1950) is an English music manager, best known as the co-manager of the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. With his business partner, Andy Taylor, whom he met while studying at Trinity College, Cambridge, he founded the Sanctuary Records Group in 1979, which became the largest independent record label in the UK and the largest independent music management company in the world until its closure in 2007. Prior to managing Iron Maiden, Smallwood managed Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel.
Biography.
Smallwood was born and raised in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, where he grew up listing to The Beatles and The Rolling Stones on the radio and playing cricket and rugby union. It was only when he began attending university that his musical interests expanded and he began listening to Deep Purple, Pink Floyd, Grateful Dead and The Doors.
In the autumn of 1968, Smallwood began studying architecture at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he soon became involved in organising social events, such as the annual Trinity May Ball, for which he booked the "various acts". It was while undertaking these duties that he formed a friendship with fellow undergraduate and future business partner Andy Taylor. From then on, Smallwood and Taylor worked on end-of-term events together and booked various musicians, including Graham Bond, Chris Farlowe, Bridget St John, John Martyn, and, most notably, the MC5. Smallwood acquired most of these artists from a local booking agency, Horus Arts, whose boss, Barry Hawkins, gave Smallwood advice which led to his career as a booking agent.
Shortly before his final exams in 1971, Smallwood dropped out of university and moved to Paris with his girlfriend, stating that "it just seemed like the cool thing to do". After 3 months in Paris, Smallwood undertook a job at a London booking agency, Gemini, in order to finance a trip to Morocco. Through his work with Gemini, Smallwood was offered a "£35 a week" job with rival agency MAM, and therefore abandoned his trip to Morocco. After 18 months with MAM, Smallwood began managing English rock act Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel. Smallwood disliked working with Harley, whom he would later describe as "a pain - selfish, egotistical, obsessed" and thus "completely put me off management." Convinced by EMI, Harley fired Trigram, his management agency, and Smallwood undertook the management of punk rock act Gloria Mundi.
In 1979, Smallwood decided to return to university to obtain a law degree, where he was given a copy of Iron Maiden's demo tape. After much deliberation, Smallwood eventually contacted Steve Harris, the band's bassist and founder member, and arranged two pub gigs for the group in London's west end, one at Windsor Castle in North London and the other at The Swan in Hammersmith. Neither show went to plan- the first was cancelled after the band refused to play early, and the band had to perform the second without lead vocalist, Paul Di'Anno, who was arrested for carrying a knife 30 minutes before the gig. In spite of this, Smallwood agreed to help the group, although, following his experiences with Steve Harley, he did not initially commit to becoming their full-time manager until he arranged the band's signing to EMI and publishers Zomba at the end of the year. Eventually joined by Andy Taylor in 1982, the pair have managed the group ever since.
After committing himself to managing Iron Maiden in October 1979, Smallwood decided to form his own management company, which he would name after Iron Maiden's second single, "Sanctuary". Sanctuary Records Group eventually expanded into the largest independent record label in the United Kingdom until its closure in 2007. Prior to this, in November 2006, Smallwood left Sanctuary and formed Phantom Music Management with Andy Taylor, which focuses solely on Iron Maiden. 
The Iron Maiden b-side "Sheriff of Huddersfield" was written by Iron Maiden about Rod Smallwood, and was released on the 1986 single "Wasted Years". It likens Smallwood to the Sheriff of Nottingham, due to his notorious stinginess with money, and refers to his frequent complaining about a (then recent) move to Los Angeles. Smallwood did not know about the song until the single was released.

</doc>
<doc id="2842539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842539" title="Security policy">
Security policy

Security policy is a definition of what it means to "be secure" for a system, organization or other entity. For an organization, it addresses the constraints on behavior of its members as well as constraints imposed on adversaries by mechanisms such as doors, locks, keys and walls. For systems, the security policy addresses constraints on functions and flow among them, constraints on access by external systems and adversaries including programs and access to data by people. 
Significance.
If it is important to be secure, then it is important to be sure all of the security policy is enforced by mechanisms that are strong enough. There are many organized methodologies and risk assessment strategies to assure completeness of security policies and assure that they are completely enforced. In complex systems, such as information systems, policies can be decomposed into sub-policies to facilitate the allocation of security mechanisms to enforce sub-policies. However, this practice has pitfalls. It is too easy to simply go directly to the sub-policies, which are essentially the rules of operation and dispense with the top level policy. That gives the false sense that the rules of operation address some overall definition of security when they do not. Because it is so difficult to think clearly with completeness about security, rules of operation stated as "sub-policies" with no "super-policy" usually turn out to be rambling rules that fail to enforce anything with completeness. Consequently, a top-level security policy is essential to any serious security scheme and sub-policies and rules of operation are meaningless without it.

</doc>
<doc id="2842544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842544" title="Violin Concerto (Dvořák)">
Violin Concerto (Dvořák)

The Violin Concerto in A minor, Op. 53 (B.108) is a concerto for violin and orchestra composed by Antonín Dvořák in 1879. The concerto was premiered in 1883 by František Ondříček in Prague. He also gave the premieres in Vienna and London. Today it remains an important work in the violin repertoire.
The concerto's structure is the classical three movements of fast-slow-fast.
Antonín Dvořák was inspired to write his concerto after having met Joseph Joachim in 1878 and composed the work with the intention of dedicating it him. However, when he finished the concerto in 1879, Joachim became skeptical about it. Joachim was a strict classicist and objected to Dvořák's "inter alia", or his abrupt truncation of the first movement's orchestral tutti. Joachim also didn't like the fact that the recapitulation was cut short and that it led directly to the slow second movement. It is also assumed that he was upset with the persistent repetition found in the third movement. However, Joachim never said anything outright and instead claimed to be editing the solo part. He never actually performed the piece.
Recordings.
Notable recordings of the concerto include:

</doc>
<doc id="2842562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842562" title="Lycée La Fontaine (Niger)">
Lycée La Fontaine (Niger)

Lycée La Fontaine in Niamey, Niger, is a French-speaking international school attached to the French Embassy. It was established in 1962. In 2005 it had some 785 students (42% French, 39% local citizens, and 19% from other countries) and 53 educators.
The school takes students from primary to lycée (high school) level.

</doc>
<doc id="2842580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842580" title="Dulce Domum">
Dulce Domum

Dulce Domum (lit. "Sweetly at Home") is a song written by Robert Ambrose in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="2842598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842598" title="Mirta Ojito">
Mirta Ojito

Mirta Ojito is a Cuban-born author and journalist and currently an assistant professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. She has authored two nonfiction books, including "Finding Mañana: A Memoir of a Cuban Exodus", a book about her journey to the U.S. as a teenager in the Mariel boatlift, and "Hunting Season: Immigration and Murder in an All-American Town". Additionally, she currently writes an opinion Sunday column for "The Miami Herald".
Biography.
Born on February 10, 1964 in Cuba, Ojito was raised in the Santos Suárez neighborhood of Havana along with her younger sister, Mabel. Her parents, Orestes and Mirta, disliked the Communist regime and always told her one day they would leave Cuba. That day came on May 10, 1980, when Ojito and her family left the island aboard a boat named Mañana, as part of the Mariel boatlift, and arrived in Key West the following the day. The family settled in Miami. Ojito finished High School there, attended Miami Dade College and went on to Florida Atlantic University, graduating in 1986. In 1987, she started working for The Miami Herald, where she remained for nine years, alternating between that paper and El Nuevo Herald. She became known, primarily, for her coverage of Cuban detainees in federal penitentiaries and stories about human rights in Cuba. In 1996, she started working in the Metro desk of The New York Times, where she covered immigration, among other beats. In 1998, she returned to Cuba to cover the Pope's visit to the island. A first person story from that trip was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize. She left the paper in January of 2002 to write her first book and, four years later, started teaching at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she has become known for her work on immigration. She lectures widely on topics regarding Cuba, immigration and journalism, and she is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="2842604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842604" title="Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia">
Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia

Warm Antibody Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia (WAIHA) is the most common of the autoimmune hemolytic diseases. About half of the cases are idiopathic, with the other half attributable to a predisposing condition or medications being taken.
Pathophysiology.
The most common antibody involved in warm antibody AIHA is IgG, though sometimes IgA is found. The IgG antibodies attach to a red blood cell, leaving their FC portion exposed with maximal reactivity at 37°C (versus cold antibody induced hemolytic anemia whose antibodies only bind red blood cells at low body temperatures, typically 28-31°C). The FC region is recognized and grabbed onto by FC receptors found on monocytes and macrophages in the spleen. These cells will pick off portions of the red cell membrane, almost like they are taking a bite. The loss of membrane causes the red blood cells to become spherocytes. Spherocytes are not as flexible as normal RBCs, and will be singled-out for destruction in the red pulp of the spleen as well as other portions of the reticuloendothelial system. The red blood cells trapped in the spleen cause the spleen to enlarge, leading to the splenomegaly often seen in these patients.
There are two models for this: the hapten model and the autoantibody model. The hapten model proposes that certain drugs, especially penicillin and cephalosporins, will bind to certain proteins on the red cell membrane and act as haptens (small molecules that can elicit an immune response only when attached to a large carrier such as a protein; the carrier may be one that also does not elicit an immune response by itself). Antibodies are created against the protein-drug complex, leading to the destructive sequence described above. The autoantibody model proposes that, through a mechanism not yet understood, certain drugs will cause antibodies to be made against red blood cells which again leads to the same destructive sequence.
It is possible for it to occur in an immunocompromised patient.
Causes.
AIHA may be:
Clinical findings.
Laboratory findings include severe anemia, increased mean corpuscular volume (MCV, due to the presence of a large number of young erythrocytes), and hyperbilirubinemia (from increased red cell destruction) that can be of the conjugated or unconjugated type.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is made by a positive direct Coombs test, other lab tests, and clinical examination and history. The direct Coombs test looks for antibodies attached to the surface of red blood cells.
Treatment.
Corticosteroids and immunoglobulins are two commonly used treatments for warm antibody AIHA. Initial medical treatment consists of prednisone. If ineffective, splenectomy should be considered. 
If refractory to both these therapies, other options include rituximab, danazol, cyclosphosphamide, azathioprine, or cyclosporine. 
High dose intravenous immune globulin may be effective in controlling hemolysis, but the benefit is short lived (1–4 weeks), and the therapy is very expensive.

</doc>
<doc id="2842610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842610" title="Knock-for-knock agreement">
Knock-for-knock agreement

A knock-for-knock agreement is an agreement between two insurance companies whereby, when both companies' policy-holders incur losses in the same insured event (usually a motor accident), each insurer pays the losses sustained by its own policy-holder regardless of who was responsible.
Rationale.
The rationale is economic and administrative efficiency: While an insurer may be able to pursue a recovery from the party responsible for an accident or from its policy-holder, this is a costly administrative procedure. The knock-for-knock agreement simplifies recovery claims among insurers and, over time, attributes costs fairly among insurers.
However, knock-for-knock agreements between insurers have been criticised as unfair on the party "not" responsible for an accident. If, for the sake of administrative ease, an insurer pays out to repair damage done to its policy-holder's own car instead of pursuing the party responsible for the accident for all relevant costs, an effective claim is recorded against that policy-holder's insurance record. In this way, knock-for-knock agreements can result in policy-holders finding unexpectedly, when they come to renew their insurance, that they face higher premiums regardless of responsibility for an accident they were involved in.
Regardless of the agreement between the insurers, once the client makes a claim or the insurer pays the client from his/her policy the insurer has to reinstate the client's No Claim Discount (NCD) hence, the claim wont and should not affect the client policy especially if that client was not at fault.
Other contexts.
'Knock for knock' is also used in a specific, analogous sense, for example, the following, cited in the "Law at War", from the US Army website [http://www.army.mil]:

</doc>
<doc id="2842611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842611" title="Sorceress of Castle Grayskull">
Sorceress of Castle Grayskull

The Sorceress of Castle Grayskull, also known as The Goddess and Teela Na, is a fictional character from the "Masters of the Universe" franchise.
Original MOTU mini-comics.
The Sorceress first appears in the "He-Man and the Power Sword" mini-comic and has green skin and wears cobra-themed armor that in later media is occasionally shown as belonging to Teela. In this story, the Sorceress gives He-Man his powers, consistent with later depictions. This mini-comic is the only time Sorceress appears with green skin.
In the second series of mini-comics, the character, now called Goddess, is white-skinned and still wears the cobra-themed armor. The mini-comic "The Tale of Teela" exposes warrior woman Teela as a Skeletor-created clone of the Sorceress/Goddess (also named Teela), thus clarifying why both characters were originally represented by one action figure. This mini-comic also establishes a biological link between both "Teela" characters, setting them up to be developed as mother and daughter in the "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" TV series.
Eventually, the "Goddess" name is dropped, and the falcon-themed Sorceress (with the updated name "Teela Na", in order to distinguish her from warrior woman Teela) of the TV show would appear in the later mini-comics.
"He-Man and The Masters of the Universe" (1983).
In the Filmation series, "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe", the Sorceress is the mistress and guardian of the Secrets of Castle Grayskull, the source of He-Man's great power. 
With a vast knowledge of magic and history, she is among the wisest beings on Eternia. He-Man often seeks her counsel, especially when situations are at their worst. In the Filmation series, the Sorceress demonstrates saintly qualities such as humility and appears to other characters who are in need of guidance.
However, since her powers are tied to Castle Grayskull, they weaken when she leaves its walls. When she does need to travel, though, she generally assumes the form of a falcon known as Zoar.
The Sorceress is also the mother of Teela, childhood friend of Prince Adam and Captain of the Royal Guard, whose aggressive temperament is a far cry from that of her soft-spoken mother. When Teela was an infant, the Sorceress gave her to Duncan (Man-At-Arms), to raise as his own, because the Sorceress felt that Castle Grayskull was too dangerous a place for her daughter to be raised. In the episode "Teela's Quest", Teela sets out to discover the truth of her mother from The Oracle of the Crystal Sea. She succeeds, but the Sorceress erases the revelation from Teela's memory for her own good, even though she desperately wishes she could tell her the truth. Other than Man-At-Arms, the only others who share the secret are He-Man, Battle Cat, and the Oracle of the Crystal Sea. It is also established in this episode that the Sorceress' daughter is destined to someday take her place as the magical guardian of Castle Grayskull.
The real name of the current Sorceress is Teela Na. Her history is revealed in the episode "The Origin of the Sorceress", in which Morgoth, an old nemesis of the Sorceress returns and attacks Eternia. While waiting for Morgoth to reappear, the Sorceress explains to He-Man how she became the guardian of Castle Grayskull. Her home, the village of Nowella, was attacked, and subsequently conquered, by Morgoth and his allies Ferros, Repta, and Rachney, servants of the Evil Horde. With the aid of an old storyteller's rhyme ("In barren places find ye hope/And where no water grows, no plant grows, no wind blows/Find all you need..."), Teela Na sought out Castle Grayskull, which she hoped would help her find a way to defeat her captors. Just as she was about to succumb to the Eternian wastelands, the mystical fortress appeared before Teela Na's eyes, and she was invited inside by a mysterious voice. Once inside she came across an old woman named Kuduk Ungol, her predecessor as the Sorceress. Kuduk invited her to take up the mantle of Castle Grayskull's protector, and explained her duties as such:
It will not be an easy task, Teela Na. You will fight many battles, see great sadness, and great joy. As Keeper of Castle Grayskull you must fight a constant war against evil, and comfort those in need. And, you will never be mortal again. Finally, you must preserve and protect the Swords of Power, until the day comes when they may be claimed.
Teela Na accepted the offer and immersed herself in the Pool of Power, which imbued her with the powers of Castle Grayskull. Once she had taken her place as the guardian of Castle Grayskull, the Sorceress returned to Nowella and overthrew the invaders before returning to her new home inside Castle Grayskull. Kuduk Ungol was gone by this time, her fate unrevealed.
"She-Ra: Princess of Power" (1985).
In the "" series (a spin-off of the "He-Man" series about He-Man's twin sister She-Ra, who like He-Man gets her powers from Castle Greyskull) the Sorceress summons Prince Adam to find Princess Adora and give her the Sword of Protection, which looks just like He-Man's sword but has a jewel in it. Adora becomes She-Ra for the first time after the Sorceress contacts her via telepathy and tells her her destiny and reveals that she is He-Man's twin sister.
"Masters of the Universe" (1987 film).
The live action movie, "Masters of the Universe", showcased Christina Pickles in the role of Sorceress. In the movie the Sorceress has been imprisoned by Skeletor, and her powers are being siphoned into him; the result leaves her aged and dying. Once Skeletor is eventually defeated, her powers and true appearance are seemingly restored.
The Sorceress is clothed in long white robes, with feather-like strands of white fabric hanging from her arms as an homage to the original design, although they are only visible in the scene where she waves goodbye to the characters of Julie and Kevin. Rather than a bird-like headpiece, crystals are placed throughout the Sorceress' long, silver hair like a crown.
"The New Adventures of He-Man" (1990).
In "The New Adventure", the first minicomic for the new series, the Sorceress appears in her classic falcon form, and warns Prince Adam that the Galactic Guardians, tricked by Skeletor, are siphoning the Power of Grayskull. She later appears with a totally different chrome armor, evoking the futuristic feeling of the new series, saying that He-Man will not become Prince Adam again, and that He-Man now had to say the name of the Starship Eternia in order to transform. 
In the "New Adventures" animated series, the Sorceress wears an amalgamation of her classic falcon suit and chrome armor. She often appears in He-Man's mind, giving him advice. She can also reach out into the future with her powers to assist He-Man and his allies, and has been shown to talk to Master Sebrian telepathically. In one episode, she even sends Teela into the future to offer the homesick prince of Eternia comfort.
"He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" (2002).
In the 2002 series, the attire of the Sorceress was redesigned to evoke the feeling of an Egyptian goddess rather than a falcon. She is still Teela's mother, and that fact is still kept secret. The episode "Out of the Past" briefly reveals part of the Sorceress' history, and how Teela was conceived after the Sorceress married an unnamed soldier, who supposedly died in battle. Her husband is seen in heavy bandaging throughout his appearance, and his identity remains unconfirmed throughout the series. However, it is suspected to be Man-At-Arms himself, as the heavily bandaged soldier has a close body-type to Man-At-Arms and when the Sorceress says "your child", Man-At-Arms immediately says, "my adopted child", sounding as if correcting her. However, the writers of the series later revealed that Teela's father was actually meant to be Man-At-Arms' brother Fisto, which would have been shown later on in the series had it not been cancelled.
When not in formal attire, the Sorceress looks strikingly like Teela, only taller. If the series had continued, it was intended that in the third season, Teela would discover that the Sorceress is her mother, but would not have lost the memory as she does in the original series.
The Sorceress is also shown as a capable fighter on two occasions: In the episode "Out of the Past", she saves a village from a band of marauders led by Prahvus, while in another, "Rise of the Snakemen Part II", she fights against King Hiss by unleashing an atomic-like blast against the evil Snake-Men's leader before attacking him with her staff; unfortunately, the Sorceress is defeated by the ancient villain, and the scars she receives remain with her throughout the remainder of the series.
The comic book produced by MVC, which follows the 2002 canon, also depicted the Sorceress' fighting prowess when she defeats Evil-Lyn in direct conflict during a storyline that saw the first appearance of Hordak.
Just as there were previous Sorceresses in the 1980s "He-Man" series, the current Sorceress is not the first. The wife of King Grayskull, known as Veena, was seemingly the original Sorceress of Castle Grayskull. She bears a similar appearance, and it was she who was first entrusted with the Power Sword's protection following the death of King Grayskull.
Had the series continued into a third season, She-Ra would have been introduced, with the Sorceress again sending He-Man on the quest to locate his sister with the Sword of Protection.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (2012).
In this comic, the Sorceress creates an illusion of a falcon to which Adam calls Zoar, even though she is captured by Skeletor, and afterwards killed by him.
Powers and abilities.
The Sorceress possesses a vast array of magical and spellcasting abilities, and is considered the most powerful magic-wielder on modern Eternia. Some spells she performs on a regular basis, including transforming into the falcon Zoar.
She is perhaps most noted for projecting her telepathic image to others, especially He-Man. Her telepathy is very powerful, as she can contact He-Man across great distances as well as sense the thoughts, emotions, and motives of others.
According to the episode "Teela's Triumph", the Sorceress can look into both the past and the future. She frequently uses a mystic mirror within Castle Grayskull to keep watch over current events on Eternia.
The Sorceress can also teleport herself and others across vast distances, and in the episode "The Cosmic Comet", she temporarily grants He-Man the ability to fly.
Other times she exhibits telekinesis, as well as the ability to project images, create fire, and to produce magical shields.
She often serves as a deus ex machina, either by teleporting characters who are in dire straits or using her powers to augment those of He-Man, thus saving the day.
In the 2002 series, the powers of the Sorceress are altered slightly. The three principal differences include: 
Portrayal.
In the 1980s series, the Sorceress is voiced by Linda Gary, who also voiced Teela, Evil-Lyn, and Queen Marlena among others. In the 1987 film, "Masters of the Universe", she is played by Christina Pickles. In the "New Adventures" she was voiced by Venus Terzo, and in the 2002 series by Nicole Oliver, who also voiced Queen Marlena.

</doc>
<doc id="2842614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842614" title="Direct–inverse language">
Direct–inverse language

The definition of a direct–inverse language is a matter under research, but it is widely understood to involve different grammar for transitive predications according to the relative positions of their "subject" and their "object" on a "person hierarchy", which in turn is some combination of saliency and animacy specific to a given language. The direct construction is the unmarked one. The direct construction is used when the subject of the transitive clause outranks the object in the person hierarchy, and the inverse is used when the object outranks the subject. The existence of direct–inverse morphosyntax is usually accompanied by proximate–obviative morphosyntax. The direct–inverse dimension subsumes the proximate–obviative dimension. Crosslinguistically, obviation almost always involves the third person (second person obviation is reported for some Nilo-Saharan languages), and the direct–inverse alternation is usually presented as being one way of marking the proximate–obviative distinction between two (or more) third person arguments of a sentence. However, there are at least two languages with inverse systems, the Mesoamerican languages Zoque and Huastec, where inverse morphosyntax is never used when both subject and object are third person, but only when one of these arguments is third person and the other is a speech act participant (SAP), i.e., first person or second person.
Morphosyntactic variation across languages of the inverse type.
There is no morphological feature and there is no syntactic feature that is common to all inverse systems.
Direct–inverse systems on verbs coëxist with the various morphosyntactic alignments in nouns.
In some inverse languages—including all the Mesoamerican inverse languages—the direct-inverse alternation changes the morphosyntactic alignment, in which case the language is said to have hierarchical alignment.
Klaiman has suggested four common properties of inverse languages:
Some languages that comply with Klaiman's definition of an inverse language are Maasai, Carib, Wastek, Chukchee, the Algonquian languages and some Athapaskan languages like Koyukon and Navajo, Mapudungun and Movima (language isolates), rGyalrong (Sino-Tibetan) and some Mixe–Zoquean languages. On the other hand, the Mixean language Oluteco has been reported to have an inverse system which does not conform to the second rule, because certain intransitive verbs and passives of ditransitives also can take inverse morphology.
Inverse morphology in Ojibwe.
In Ojibwe, an Algonquian language of North America, the person hierarchy is second person > first person > third person proximate > third person obviative. Since the morphology of Ojibwe has no case distinctions (i.e., an Ojibwe nominal phrase does not change when its relations to the other sentence constituents change), the only way to distinguish subject from object in a transitive verb with two participants is through direct–inverse suffixes. A direct suffix indicates that the action is performed by someone higher on the person hierarchy on someone lower on the person hierarchy:
An inverse suffix indicates that the action is performed by someone lower on the person hierarchy on someone higher on the person hierarchy (such as by the speaker on the addressee or an obviative third person on a proximate):
As can be seen, the only difference between these two verbs is the direct–inverse opposition, rather than case markers, morpheme order, or word order (when separate nominals are used).
The following sentence shows that the dimension of direct-inverse is distinct from the dimensions of voice and transitivity.
Semantic and pragmatic inverse in Sahaptin.
Sahaptin, an Amerindian language of the northwestern United States, has an inverse marked by the verbal prefix "pá"-. It indicates transitive action from 2nd to 3rd person when both arguments are SAPs. This can be called the semantic inverse.
Sahaptin "pá"- does not occur with transitive action between SAPs and 3rd person, but it does occur between 3rd person participants. The contrast can be elicited with multiple clause examples such as given below. In the inverse the semantic patient is coreferential with the subject in the preceding clause. This can be called a pragmatic inverse.
Though the pragmatic inverse topicalizes the patient, its nominal (if present) retains accusative case marking.

</doc>
<doc id="2842618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842618" title="Stephenson valve gear">
Stephenson valve gear

The Stephenson valve gear or Stephenson link or shifting link is a simple design of valve gear that was widely used throughout the world for all kinds of steam engines. It is named after Robert Stephenson but was actually invented by his employees.
Historical background.
During the 1830s the most popular valve drive for locomotives was known as "gab motion" in the U.K. and" V-hook motion" in the U.S.A. The gab motion incorporated two sets of eccentrics and rods for each cylinder; one eccentric was set to give forward and the other backwards motion to the engine and one or the other could accordingly engage with a pin driving the distribution valve by means of the gabs: - vee-shaped ends to the eccentric rods supposed to catch the rocker driving the valve rod whatever its position. It was a clumsy mechanism, difficult to operate, and only gave fixed valve events. 1841 two employees in Stephenson’s locomotive works, draughtsman William Howe and pattern-maker William Williams, suggested the simple expedient of replacing the gabs with a vertical slotted link, pivoted at both ends to the tips of the eccentric rods. To change direction, the link and rod ends were bodily raised or lowered by means of a counterbalanced bell crank worked by a "reach rod" that connected it to the reversing lever. This not only simplified reversing but it was realised that the gear could be raised or lowered in small increments, and thus the combined motion from the “forward” and “back” eccentrics in differing proportions would impart shorter travel to the valve, cutting off admission steam earlier in the stroke and using a smaller amount steam expansively in the cylinder, using its own energy rather than continuing to draw from the boiler. It became the practice to start the engine or climb gradients at long cutoff, usually about 70-80% maximum of the power stroke and to shorten the cutoff as momentum was gained to benefit from the economy of expansive working and the effect of increased lead and higher compression at the end of each strike. This process was popularly known as ""linking up"" or "“notching up”", the latter because the reversing lever could be held in precise positions by means of a catch on the lever engaging notches in a quadrant; the term stuck even after the introduction of the screw reverser. A further intrinsic advantage of the Stephenson gear not found in most other types was variable lead. Depending on how the gear was laid out, it was possible to considerably reduce compression and back pressure at the end of each piston stroke when working at low speed in full gear; once again as momentum was gained and cutoff shortened, so lead was automatically advanced and compression increased, cushioning the piston at the end of each stroke and heating the remaining trapped steam in order to avoid temperature drop in the fresh charge of incoming admission steam.
American locomotives universally employed inside Stephenson valve gear placed between the frames until around 1900 when it quickly gave way to outside Walschaerts motion. In Europe, Stephenson gear could be placed either outside the driving wheels and driven by either eccentrics or return cranks or else between the frames driven from the axle through eccentrics, as was mostly the case in Great Britain.
Applications.
Abner Doble considered Stephenson valve gear: ""(...) the most universally suitable valve gear of all, for it can be worked out for a long engine structure or a short one. It can be a very simple valve gear and still be very accurate, but its great advantage is that its accuracy is self-contained, for the exact relationship between its points of support (eccentrics on shaft, valve crosshead, and link hanger arm) have but little effect on the motion of the valve. Its use on engines in which all the cylinders lie in one plane, represents, in the belief of the writer, the best choice."" Another benefit of the Stephenson gear, intrinsic to the system, is variable lead: usually zero in full gear and increasing as cutoff is shortened.
Stephenson valve gear is a convenient arrangement for any engine that needs to reverse and was widely applied to railway locomotives, traction engines, steam car engines and to stationary engines that needed to reverse, such as rolling-mill engines. It was used on the overwhelming majority of marine engines.
Details of the gear differ principally in the arrangement of the expansion link. In early locomotive practice, the eccentric rod ends were pivoted at the ends of the link while, in marine engines, the eccentric rod pivots were set behind the link slot (or below on a vertical engine). These became known respectively as the 'locomotive link' and the 'launch link'. The launch link superseded the locomotive type as it allows more direct linear drive to the piston rod in full gear and permits a longer valve travel within a given space by reducing the size of eccentric required for a given travel. Launch-type links were pretty well universal for American locomotives right from the 1850s but, in Europe, although occurring as early as 1846, they did not become widespread until around 1900. Larger marine engines generally used the bulkier and more expensive marine double-bar link, which has greater wearing surfaces and which improved valve events by minimising geometric compromises inherent in the launch link.
Derivatives.
As a harmonic valve gear, the Stephenson arrangement may be considered as optimum. Nevertheless the fact the link needed to be bodily displaced in order to reverse meant that it required considerable vertical clearance. At the time of its introduction, it was deemed important in the locomotive world to keep the centre of gravity, and therefore the boiler centre line as low as possible. Because valve gears in Britain were generally placed between the frames beneath the boiler, the extremely cramped conditions made the valve gear inaccessible for servicing. Also reversing could be a strenuous occupation as it entailed lifting the weight of the link plus eccentric rod ends. In order to address these problems two main variants were developed:
Gooch valve gear.
In the Gooch valve gear the reversing and cut-off functions were achieved by raising or lowering a radius rod which connected the valve-rod to a "stationary" link pivoting around a fixed point. The advantages sought were reduced height for the gear and lighter action as the reversing lever was only required to lift the weight of the radius rod. This meant that the link was convex (in relation to the eccentrics) instead of concave. Gooch valve gear had the disadvantage of angularity between the valve spindle and the eccentric rod in full gear, whereas the best forms of the Stephenson gear, the thrust was in a straight line. The Gooch gear gave constant lead at whatever cutoff. This was observed to be a disadvantage when similar locomotives fitted with either Gooch or Stephenson gear were compared in service Gooch gear was never popular in Britain except with one or two engineers down to the 1860s, but it was quite common in France.
Allan straight link valve gear.
The Allan straight link valve gear (invented by Alexander Allan in 1855) combined the features of the Stephenson and Gooch gears. The reversing and cut-off functions were achieved by simultaneously raising the radius rod and lowering the link or vice-versa. As with the Gooch gear, this saved space but the Allan gear gave performance closer to that of the Stephenson. Moreover the straight expansion link simplified manufacture. Once again, the Allan gear was not often used in the UK but fairly common on the Continent. Notable UK examples are the GWR 1361 and 1366 classes, and narrow gauge locomotives produced by George England (e.g. "Prince" & "Palmerston" in preservation on the Ffestiniog Railway) and Fletcher-Jennings (No 1 "Tallyllyn" & No 2 "Dolgoch" in preservation on the Talyllyn Railway).

</doc>
<doc id="2842619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842619" title="Switchback, West Virginia">
Switchback, West Virginia

Switchback is an unincorporated community in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA. Switchback had its own high school in operation from 1923 to 1953.
The James Ellwood Jones House and Pocahontas Fuel Company Store were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2842621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842621" title="Lycée La Fontaine (Paris)">
Lycée La Fontaine (Paris)

Lycée Jean-de-La-Fontaine is a lycée in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.
The school building, in the shape of an "open rectangle", was constructed on top of ancient fortifications. Construction began in 1935 and finished in 1938. Towards the end of World War II it was used as an American hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2842622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842622" title="Mario Hoops 3-on-3">
Mario Hoops 3-on-3

Mario Hoops 3-on-3, known in Europe and Australia as Mario Slam Basketball and in Japan as , is a sports game developed by Square Enix and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS in 2006.
This game is the first in which "Mario" and "Final Fantasy" characters appear together as playable characters, and the second "Mario" game developed by Square Enix, the first one being "". It is the first "Mario" basketball game ever to be released, although characters from the series have appeared in the Nintendo GameCube version of "NBA Street V3".
Gameplay.
Touch control is used for all actions besides movement (which is handled by the directional pad). Dribbling is performed automatically, but at a lower rate if the touch screen is not used actively to dribble. Touching the screen in a certain direction causes the character that the player is controlling to change which way the character is dribbling and face in another direction, allowing the player to turn his/her character without having to move with the d-pad and gives the player better defense. In addition, dribbling is faster on coin pads. Dribbling on coin pads also earns the player coins to be used as points while shooting. The player can carry up to 100 coins.
Navigating menus and playing the game can be done with either the touch screen or the d-pad. The player can play left or right-handed, depending on what he or she chooses in the options menu. There is also an option of using the A, B, X, Y buttons instead of the touch screen. There are certain moves that only use the touch screen.
The player shoots by drawing a line forward on the touchscreen. Depending on where the character is and how he/she is moving, the shot will either be a normal shot, a special shot or a slam dunk. Normal Shots and Slam Dunks are worth 20 points, ranged shots are worth 30 and Super Shots gives the player 40. Any coins the player has after making the shot will be added to the total and each one is worth a point.
The game is structured in tournaments, which the player must win to progress. The tournament ladder is made with graphics based on the original "Super Mario Bros.". Each tournament consists of three games with two halves of two and a half minutes, except that the player needs to play an extra game with the "Final Fantasy" team at the end of the rainbow tournament.
The player can win a tournament by winning the three games on its ladder. The player would obtain either a gold cup, a silver cup or a bronze cup. A gold cup is available only if the player has 200 points more than the opponents in all games of the tournament. Silver if all games are won by more than 100 points and bronze for winning all three games.
There are two modes: the normal mode and the hard mode. The hard mode is available after beating the "Final Fantasy" team on "normal mode".
In Exhibition Mode, the player can customize the rules including the amount of playing time, the number of periods played, and turning items on or off. If off, then teams will receive two to four points for each shot.
Music.
The game's music is composed and arranged by Masayoshi Soken. An official soundtrack that is based on the game was released on October 18, 2006 and it was published by Square Enix, the same company for the game. The soundtrack is called "Mario Basketball 3on3" Original Soundtrack, which includes thirty-one musical pieces from the game itself.
Reception.
As of July 25, 2007, "Mario Hoops 3-on-3" has sold 1.5 million copies worldwide.
Reviews were mixed. While the game was generally praised for its control, graphics, and variety, it was criticized for its simplistic artificial intelligence, unsatisfactory minigames, and overpowered skills for the "Final Fantasy" characters. The lack of Nintendo Wi-Fi connection support also hurt the game. It currently holds an average critic score of 71% on Game Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="2842634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842634" title="List of schools in France">
List of schools in France

This is a list of schools in France.

</doc>
<doc id="2842637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842637" title="Jermaine Stewart">
Jermaine Stewart

William Jermaine Stewart (September 7, 1957 – March 17, 1997) was an American R&B singer best known for his 1986 Billboard hit single, "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off".
Career.
William Jermaine Stewart was born in Columbus, Ohio, to Ethel and Eugene Stewart. In 1972, his family moved to Chicago, Illinois, where Stewart took his first steps toward a career in entertainment. Eventually he gained recognition as a dancer on the locally produced television show "Soul Train". While working there he befriended two other Soul Train dancers, fellow Chicagoan Jody Watley and Jeffrey Daniel. After Soul Train relocated to Los Angeles, the three friends auditioned to become members of the group Shalamar, which was put together by Soul Train creator Don Cornelius and booking agent Dick Griffey. Watley and Daniels were selected for the group as backup/semi-lead vocalists, and Stewart lost out to Gary Mumford during his audition for lead vocalist. However, Stewart toured with the new group as a dancer for several years, and while in London for a show, he met Mikey Craig of Culture Club. Realizing that Stewart was a talented singer, Craig assisted him in putting together a demo tape, and Stewart was given the opportunity to sing background vocals on Culture Club's song "Miss Me Blind". As a result of the combination of a strong demo and his ties with Culture Club, he landed a recording contract with Arista Records.
Stewart saw some success with the single "The Word Is Out" from the album of the same name. The album was co-written by Craig and peaked at #90 on the US Billboard Top 200 Album Chart, and #30 on the US R&B Album Chart. Stewart's next album was 1986's "Frantic Romantic", which included the US top ten hit single "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off". The song also hit the top ten in the UK, Canada, and Ireland. A second single, "Jody", was released, the inspiration being his friend Jody Watley, which reached the US R&B top twenty. "Frantic Romantic" would be Stewart's most successful selling album, peaking at #34 in the US. 
Stewart's third album was entitled "Say It Again", with production handled largely by André Cymone. Supported by international live dates with his band The Party, the title track "Say It Again" became Stewart's second U.S. Top 40 "Billboard" hit, and also reached the U.S. R&B Top 10. In the UK Singles Chart it reached number 7, which helped the album achieve its Top 40 status.
The next three singles were all remixed by Phil Harding. "Get Lucky" (UK #13), "Don't Talk Dirty to Me" (UK #61), and "Is It Really Love?" found success in Europe, particularly in Germany, where "Don't Talk Dirty to Me" was one of the top five selling singles of 1988.
His fourth and final album under contract with Arista Records was "What Becomes a Legend Most". The album failed to make any impact in America while the lead single "Tren de Amor" just reached the top 100 in the UK. "Tren de Amor" was featured on the soundtrack to the movie "She Devil". In 1989, Stewart sang "Hot and Cold," co-written by Andy Summers, which was featured over the opening credits of the film "Weekend at Bernie's".
In 1991, Stewart teamed up with Chicago producer Jesse Saunders for his last recorded work, an album for Reprise Records, "Set Me Free". The title track "Set Me Free" was released as a single in the U.S., but sold poorly. The album remains unreleased as of 2014.
Shortly before his death, Stewart returned to the studio to record a new album titled 'Believe In Me'. Although the album was not completed, the finished tracks were released on the 2005 compilation "", which was released under BFG Records (which is owned by Stewart's brother).
On October 18, 2010, Cherry Red Records re-issued his album "Frantic Romantic" on CD for the first time since 1986. It includes bonus tracks, most notable of which are the 12" mixes of "Jody" and "Dance Floor", making their CD debut.
In 2011, the song "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" was used in a Cadbury advertisement in the UK called 'The Charity Shop'. This exposed the song to a new generation who downloaded the track, and returned it to the UK Singles Chart peaking at No. 29.
Death.
Stewart died of AIDS-related liver cancer on March 17, 1997 at age 39 in the Chicago suburb of Homewood, Illinois. 

</doc>
<doc id="2842646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842646" title="MV Bukoba">
MV Bukoba

MV "Bukoba" was a Lake Victoria ferry that carried passengers and cargo between the Tanzanian ports of Bukoba and Mwanza. "Bukoba" was built in about 1979 and had capacity for 850 tons of cargo and 430 passengers.
On 21 May 1996 "Bukoba" sank off Mwanza in of water, sending 1,000 passengers to their deaths.
Sinking.
The manifest for her final voyage showed 443 passengers in her first and second class cabins, but her cheaper third class accommodation had no manifest. Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri, who was then second in command of Al Qaeda, died in the disaster..
President Benjamin Mkapa declared three days of national mourning. Criminal charges were brought against nine Tanzania Railway Corporation officials, including the captain of the "Bukoba" and the manager of TRC's Marine Division.
Causes.
Possible causes were identified by Captain Joseph Muguthi, formerly of the Kenya Navy, and writing in the pages of the "Daily Nation" as a marine navigation consultant. He labelled it an accident waiting to happen, as Lake Victoria ferries disregarded safety regulations. Specifically:
More overarchingly, Muguthi blamed the incident on governments' marine departments being staffed by civil servants and politicians who have no understanding of ships and marine decisions.
The lack of equipment and divers were partially to blame for slowness in the salvage operation. Rescue teams from South Africa, including Navy divers, were flown in to salvage the ship and retrieve bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="2842648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842648" title="Fox v. Franken">
Fox v. Franken

Fox News Network, LLC, v. Penguin Group (USA), Inc., and Alan S. Franken (2003 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18693; 31 Media L. Rep. 2254) was a civil lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on August 7, 2003. Fox News Channel, the plaintiff, sought to enjoin Al Franken from using Fox's trademark phrase "fair & balanced" in the title of his then-forthcoming book, "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right". Judge Denny Chin denied Fox's motion for injunction on August 22, and the network dropped the suit three days later.
Background.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had founded Fox News Channel in 1996, in part to counter what it contended was systemic liberal bias on the part of other U.S. news outlets. To bolster this perception, Fox used "Fair & Balanced" and "We Report. You Decide." as slogans, and obtained federal trademark registrations for each. Critics such as FAIR and Media Matters for America have accused Fox of having a pervasive conservative bias; on many Web sites and blogs, "fair and balanced" became widely used as an ironic euphemism for perceived right-wing media bias on Fox and other media outlets.
On May 31, 2003, the cable network C-SPAN2 broadcast a panel discussion on political books that was taking place at BookExpo America, a trade show for the book publishing industry. The panel included Franken, whose "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them" was scheduled for release in the autumn, and Fox News personality Bill O'Reilly, who was promoting his own book "Who's Looking Out For You?", which was due for release at about the same time as Franken's. Saying that he felt the need to explain why a fellow panelist's face was on the cover of a book entitled "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them", Franken told a story about O'Reilly's incorrect statements that "Inside Edition", a show that he had formerly worked for, had won two Peabody Awards, when it in fact won a Polk Award for work conducted "after" O'Reilly severed his ties with the program. The two then engaged in a heated confrontation, which culminated in O'Reilly shouting "Shut up! Shut up!" after Franken interrupted him. A link to footage of the program quickly circulated among blogs, which had the effect of providing valuable publicity for Franken's upcoming book.
The lawsuit.
On August 7, 2003, Fox News filed for relief in New York State court. On August 14, Franken's publisher removed the action to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on federal question grounds. In what author and editor Richard Blow described as "an eight-inch thick legal filing," the network contended that it had been irreparably harmed by the publicity surrounding Franken's use of the phrase "fair and balanced" on the preliminary cover of "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them", which Fox claimed it had first become aware of following the BookExpo panel discussion in May. The filing stated that Franken had "been described as a 'C-level political commentator' who is 'increasingly unfunny'", and claimed that the comedian was "shrill and unstable" and had "appeared either intoxicated or deranged" at a press correspondents' dinner in April 2003. The filing cited only two sources for those quotes, one of which was a website to which Bill O'Reilly was a contributor, and the other was a website where anyone could contribute. Fox also requested a temporary restraining order (denied August 20, 2003) to restrain the distribution of the book until their request for a preliminary injunction was heard by the court.
In response, Franken joked that he had trademarked the word "funny", and that Fox had infringed his intellectual property rights by characterizing him as "unfunny." Franken's then-unreleased book subsequently rose to the #1 sales position on Amazon.com's best-seller list from number 489 (his second #1 bestseller after "Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations", which attained the top of the "New York Times"' list in 1996).
On August 22, U.S. District Court judge Denny Chin heard arguments from attorneys representing the plaintiff and the defendant regarding Fox News's request for an injunction to prevent Franken from releasing the book with its current title. In a hearing punctuated at times by laughter from the assembled spectators, Chin questioned Fox News attorney Dori Ann Hanswirth harshly about her contention that the phrase "fair and balanced" on the cover of "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them" was likely to confuse consumers into believing that the book was produced or endorsed by Fox News Channel. At one point he asked Hanswirth, "Do you think that the reasonable consumer would believe, seeing the word "lie" above Mr. O'Reilly's face, that Mr. O'Reilly or Fox were endorsing this book?"
Chin denied the injunction and said that the case was "wholly without merit, both factually and legally". He went on to suggest that Fox News' trademark on the phrase "fair and balanced" could be invalid. Three days later, Fox News Channel filed to drop the lawsuit.
Though O'Reilly denies it, Franken believes that the commentator goaded Fox News into suing him. In the paperback edition of his book, Franken recalls an incident at the BookExpo where, as O'Reilly and Fox News colleague Shepard Smith were waiting for a hotel shuttle, O'Reilly said, "I'm gonna sue him! I'm gonna sue him!" A week later, Franken's publisher received a letter from Fox saying they were planning to sue.
Judge's decision.
Plaintiff Fox News Network, LLC ("Fox") has moved for a preliminary injunction enjoining defendants from, among other things, using the phrase "Fair and Balanced" in the title of the book, "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right", written by defendant Al Franken. The motion is scheduled to be heard by the Court on August 22, 2003 at 3:30 p.m.
<br>
By letter dated August 19, 2003, Fox requests a temporary restraining order immediately restraining defendants from further distributing the book pending argument on August 22. By letter dated August 20, 2003, defendants oppose the application for a temporary restraining order.
<br>
Fox's application for a temporary restraining order is denied. Fox had not previously requested this relief, and the preliminary injunction motion will be heard in two days in any event. I do not believe defendants or their counsel have in any way misled the Court about the release date of the book.
<br>
This order is without prejudice to the parties' arguments on the preliminary injunction motion. I will consider the issues on the merits as I decide the motion for a preliminary injunction following the argument on Friday.
<br>
SO ORDERED. 2003 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18693; 31 Media L. Rep. 2254 (2003)
After effects.
The most direct result of the suit was a windfall for Franken and his publisher, Penguin Group (USA). The book had originally been slated for release on September 22, 2003, but the publicity resulting from the suit prompted Penguin to move the release date up to August 11 and print an extra 50,000 copies, for a total of 435,000; the book was an immediate bestseller. For its part, Fox News Channel was ridiculed by commentators and bloggers on both sides of the political divide, many of whom suggested that the network had filed the suit to placate Bill O'Reilly in the wake of his run-in with Franken at the BookExpo panel.
Drawing on Judge Chin's concluding remarks, Franken suggested that Fox News adopt "wholly without merit" as its new slogan to replace the possibly invalid "fair and balanced". In a more serious response, in December 2003, the Independent Media Institute, publishers of the liberal Web site AlterNet, filed a petition to cancel the trademark in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, calling it "notoriously misdescriptive." The Institute and Fox settled in 2005, and the TTAB accordingly dismissed the petition without prejudice.
In 2004, Franken began hosting a talk show, originally titled "The O'Franken Factor", on the Air America Radio network. The program's title was a jab at Bill O'Reilly's show, named "The O'Reilly Factor". Franken said that he chose the name to "annoy and bait" O'Reilly into filing another lawsuit. Three months later, Franken changed the name to "The Al Franken Show", which he hosted until 2007, when he announced his candidacy for a United States Senate seat in Minnesota that was to be challenged in 2008. Franken currently serves as a U.S. Senator.
The case was documented as part of The First Amendment Project.

</doc>
<doc id="2842652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842652" title="Harpers Bizarre">
Harpers Bizarre

Harpers Bizarre was an American pop-rock band of the 1960s, best known for their Broadway/Sunshine Pop sound and their remake of Simon & Garfunkel's "The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)."
Career.
Harpers Bizarre was formed out of The Tikis, a band from Santa Cruz, California that had some local successes with Beatlesque songs in the mid 1960s. The Tikis had been signed to Tom Donahue's Autumn Records from 1965 to 1966 and had released two singles on that label. In 1967, record producer Lenny Waronker got hold of the Simon & Garfunkel song "The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)", determined to make it into a single. The Tikis recorded it using an arrangement created by Leon Russell, featuring extended harmonies reminiscent of the work of Brian Wilson or even the Swingle Singers. The song was released under a new band name, "Harpers Bizarre" (a play on the magazine "Harper's Bazaar"), so as not to alienate The Tikis' fanbase. The Harpers Bizarre version of the song reached No. 13 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in April 1967, far exceeding any success that The Tikis thus far had. The track reached No. 34 in the UK Singles Chart.
The success of the single prompted Harpers Bizarre to record their debut album. At this point the band consisted of Ted Templeman (born 24 October 1944; vocals, drums, guitar); Dick Scoppettone (born 5 July 1945; vocals, guitar, bass); Eddie James (guitar); Dick Yount (bass, vocals) and John Petersen (8 January 1945 – 11 November 2007; drums, percussion, vocals). Petersen had previously already enjoyed a brief spell of success as member of The Beau Brummels; James left after the release of the group's second album and was replaced by Tom Sowell. Under the guidance of producer Lenny Waronker (and Templeman, who emerged as the leader of the group), Harpers Bizarre developed a unique sound which experimented with heavy vocal layering. Most of Harpers Bizarre's recordings are cheerful and airy, both in subject matter and musical accompaniment, often with string and woodwind arrangements. Their music is most closely associated with the Sunshine Pop and Baroque Pop genres.
In addition to covering several old standards (including Cole Porter's "Anything Goes" and Glenn Miller's "Chattanooga Choo Choo"), Harpers Bizarre also recorded the work of several contemporary songwriters, including one-time Tikis member Randy Newman, Van Dyke Parks and Harry Nilsson, who also appear on their recordings in the guise of session musicians and/or arrangers.
After the band's initial chart ascendancy with "The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)", none of Harpers Bizarre's subsequent singles achieved the same level of success. "Chattanooga Choo Choo" did reach No. 1 on "Billboard" 's Easy Listening chart, despite a drug reference ("do another number down in Carolina"). The band broke up shortly after their last album was released in 1969.
On October 31, 1969, while returning to San Francisco after playing a concert in Pasadena, California, their TWA flight was hijacked. All the passengers were safely released in Denver.
Their music can be heard in the 1968 film "I Love You, Alice B. Toklas", and their rendition of "Anything Goes" is heard over the opening scenes of the 1970 film "The Boys in the Band".
In 1976, a partial reunion of the group occurred (without Templeman) to record an album, "As Time Goes By", that is often overlooked in Harpers Bizarre discographies.
Drummer John Petersen, husband of Templeman's sister Roberta, died suddenly on November 11, 2007 of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="2842653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842653" title="Urban Cookie Collective">
Urban Cookie Collective

Urban Cookie Collective are a British Eurodance/pop music band, best known for their 1993 hit single "The Key The Secret".
History.
The band was founded by Rohan Heath (born 19 July 1964), the son of Guyanese writer Roy Heath. He learned to play classical piano as a child before switching to the electric piano. He had previous experience with groups such as Yargo and Manchester DJ A Guy Called Gerald. Heath decided on a music career after abandoning a PhD at Vermont University. After a tour of Japan supporting the Happy Mondays, he left the band A Guy Called Gerald to work with rave band project Together. Heath went on to work with Jamaican reggae artist Eek-A-Mouse before concentrating on his new project, Urban Cookie Collective. He was the keyboardist, writer, and producer of their music.
Heath wrote and produced their first hits, "The Key The Secret" and "Feels Like Heaven". He brought in vocalist Diane Charlemagne for many of the group's early tracks. She eventually co-wrote some of the songs and became a major part of the band. The other main members were Simon Bentall (born 17 October 1967), Peter Samson (born 15 May 1968), Johnny Jay, Mark Hadfield and Neil Claxton (later of Mint Royale). Guest rappers occasionally took part in the studio.
The band caused some controversy in 1996 by recording a cover version of the Oasis song "Champagne Supernova". Noel Gallagher, one of the founding members of Oasis, claimed that he had not given permission and legal action stopped the track from being given a full release. The band still remain active, and currently tour fronted by singer Danielle Barnett.

</doc>
<doc id="2842659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842659" title="Sheepskin (disambiguation)">
Sheepskin (disambiguation)

Sheepskin is the hide of a sheep, sometimes also called lambskin or lambswool.
Sheepskin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842663" title="Isocyanic acid">
Isocyanic acid

Isocyanic acid is an organic compound with the formula HNCO, discovered in 1830 by Liebig and Wöhler. This colourless substance is volatile and poisonous, with a boiling point of 23.5 °C. Isocyanic acid is the simplest stable chemical compound that contains carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen, the four most commonly found elements in organic chemistry and biology.
Preparation and reactions.
Isocyanic acid can be made by protonation of the cyanate anion, such as from salts like potassium cyanate, by either gaseous hydrogen chloride or acids such as oxalic acid.
HNCO also can be made by the high-temperature thermal decomposition of cyanuric acid, a trimer.
Isocyanic acid hydrolyses to carbon dioxide and ammonia:
At sufficiently high concentrations, isocyanic acid oligomerizes to give cyanuric acid and cyamelide, a polymer. These species usually are easily separated from liquid- or gas-phase reaction products. Dilute solutions of isocyanic acid are stable in inert solvents, e.g. ether and chlorinated hydrocarbons. 
Isocyanic acid reacts with amines to give ureas (carbamides):
This reaction is called carbamylation.
HNCO adds across electron-rich double bonds, such as vinylethers, to give the corresponding isocyanates.
Isocyanic acid is also present in various forms of smoke, including smog and cigarette smoke. It was detected using mass spectrometry, and easily dissolves in water, posing a health risk to the lungs.
Isomers: Cyanic acid and fulminic acid.
Low-temperature photolysis of solids containing HNCO has been shown to make H-O-C≡N, known as cyanic acid or hydrogen cyanate; it is a tautomer of isocyanic acid. Pure cyanic acid has not been isolated, and isocyanic acid is the predominant form in all solvents. Note that sometimes information presented for cyanic acid in reference books is actually for isocyanic acid. 
Cyanic and isocyanic acids are isomers of fulminic acid (H-C=N-O), an unstable compound.

</doc>
<doc id="2842674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842674" title="Wayland Flowers">
Wayland Flowers

Wayland Parrott Flowers, Jr. (November 26, 1939 – October 11, 1988) was an American puppeteer. He was born and raised in Dawson, Georgia. Flowers was best known for the puppet act he created with his puppet Madame. His performances as "Wayland Flowers and Madame" were a major national success on stage and on screen in the 1970s and 1980s.
Madame.
Madame was created by Flowers in the mid-1960s. Flowers's first big break was an appearance on the "The Andy Williams Show". The character of Madame is an "outrageous old broad" who entertains with double entendres and witty comebacks. Bedecked in fabulous evening wear and "summer diamonds" ("Some are diamonds; some are not"), Madame's look is based on movie stars such as Gloria Swanson. Madame is rumored to be based on a Washington, DC gay icon, waitress and restaurant hostess Margo MacGregor.
Madame's many TV appearances included "Laugh-In"; a long run on the game show "Hollywood Squares" (replacing Paul Lynde in The Center Square); a recurring comedy skit on "Solid Gold"; a regular on ABC's short-lived summer replacement show called "Keep on Truckin'", various TV guest spots; and as the star of her own syndicated 1982 sitcom, "Madame's Place".
Flowers and Madame were in the center square on the final NBC episode of "Hollywood Squares" in June 1980; host Peter Marshall asked Madame the final game question of the daytime series, which was: "Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert and Strauss lived in the same place. Where did they all live?" Madame's "comic" answer: "At the YMCA!" Then her "serious" answer: Germany. (The correct answer: Austria.)
Five weeks after collapsing during a performance in 1988, Wayland Flowers died in his hometown of Dawson of AIDS-related cancer, at the age of 48. Flowers's estate was left to Wayland's then-manager, Marlena Shell.
Ten years after Flowers's death, Madame returned to the stage with entertainer Rick Skye. After appearances on several television shows, performances of "It's Madame with an E" began November 15, 2008 at Resorts Atlantic City. During 2010, the show also toured the US.
Madame is currently on display in the permanent collection of the Center for Puppetry Arts in Atlanta, Georgia.
Other puppets.
Flowers' other puppets included Crazy Mary (an escapee from Bellevue mental hospital), Jiffy (a Harlem harlot with a heart of brass), Machelheny (a retired vaudeville comedian). His puppet Smedley worked with Marlo Thomas on "Free to Be… You and Me".

</doc>
<doc id="2842681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842681" title="2003 NASCAR Winston Cup Series">
2003 NASCAR Winston Cup Series

The 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup began on Saturday February 8 and ended on Sunday November 16. Matt Kenseth with Roush Racing driving a Ford was crowned the Winston Cup champion, despite winning only one race all year. Chevrolet took home the NASCAR Manufacturers' Championship after capturing 19 wins and 264 points over second place Dodge who had 9 wins and 203 points. Ford finished the year in third place with 7 wins and 200 points, and Pontiac finished in fourth place with 1 win and 125 points.
This was the last year in which Winston was the title sponsor of the Cup series. After it decided not to renew its sponsorship, NASCAR decided on the telecommunications firm Nextel to be the title sponsor of the new series.
In addition, NASCAR instituted a new points system after this season entitled the Chase for the Cup, in which after 26 races, all the points standings in the top ten as well as any position within 400 points of the lead, would be reset, so the drivers in those positions would be eligible for the championship. This was done primarily because of the huge lead Kenseth accumulated during 2003 despite winning one race.
Budweiser Shootout.
The Budweiser Shootout was held February 8 at Daytona International Speedway. It was won by #8-Dale Earnhardt, Jr.. The race featured drivers who have won a pole in the previous season or have won the event before. 2003 marked changes to the race's format, for the first time the race ran at night. The 70 lap event was now split into two segments. After the first 20 lap segment a 10 minute intermission took place allowing drivers to make pit stops and repair their cars. The second segment featured a 50 lap race to the finish with cars restarting double file on all restarts. Drivers were also required to make at least one pit stop under the green flag.
Top Ten Results:
Gatorade Twin 125s.
The Gatorade 125s qualifying for the Daytona 500 were held on February 12 at Daytona International Speedway.
Race One: Top Ten Results
Race Two: Top Ten Results
Daytona 500.
Michael Waltrip won. The race was rain-shortened.
Subway 400.
The Subway 400 was held on February 23 at North Carolina Speedway. Dave Blaney was the pole winner.
Failed to qualify: none
UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400.
The UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400 was held on March 2 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Matt Kenseth won this race, the only win of his championship season. Bobby Labonte was the pole winner.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Greg Biffle (#16), Brandon Ash (#02)
Bass Pro Shops 500.
The Bass Pro Shops MBNA 500 was held on March 9 at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Ryan Newman sat on the pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Bobby Hamilton, Jr. (#35), Jeff Fultz (#57)
Carolina Dodge Dealers 400.
The Carolina Dodge Dealers 400 was held on March 16 at Darlington Raceway. This was the last time a Darlington race would be held on this date. Ricky Craven beat Kurt Busch by .002 (tied) for the closest finish in NASCAR history, putting Pontiac in Victory Lane for the last time. Elliott Sadler qualified on the pole. This race was the place where Larry McReynolds said one of his famed phrases that has been repeated many times in commercials and media, "They touch! They touch!". He shouted that to Craven's collision with Busch down the frontstretch on the last lap.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: none
Food City 500.
The Food City 500 was held on March 23 at Bristol Motor Speedway. Ryan Newman was the pole winner for this race.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Hermie Sadler (#02), Larry Foyt (#14)
Samsung/Radio Shack 500.
The Samsung/Radio Shack 500 was held at Texas Motor Speedway on March 30, 2003. Texas native Bobby Labonte was the pole sitter for this race.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Kerry Earnhardt (#83), David Starr (#75)
Aarons 499.
The Aaron's 499 was held at Talladega Superspeedway on April 6, 2003. Jeremy Mayfield was the polewinner for this race while Dale Earnhardt Jr. became the first driver to win four consecutive races at Talladega. The "Big One" did not take long; collecting 27 cars on the fourth lap – the largest crash in a Cup race in the modern era. The crash barely included Earnhardt Jr, who started in the back of the field and managed to race his way to victory lane anyway. Earnhardt was involved in a controversial decision at the end of the race where it appeared he went below the yellow line in an attempt to improve position. NASCAR ruled Earnhardt was forced down making it a clean pass.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Brett Bodine (#11), Larry Foyt (#14), David Green (#60) ("Note": Phoenix Racing's Mike Wallace had originally failed to qualify, but Green's car was found too low and his time was disallowed.)
Virginia 500.
The Virginia 500 was held at Martinsville Speedway on April 13, 2003. Jeff Gordon won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: none
Auto Club 500.
The Auto Club 500 was held at California Speedway on April 27, 2003. Steve Park won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Kerry Earnhardt (#83), Hideo Fukuyama (#66)
Pontiac Excitement 400.
The Pontiac Excitement 400 was held at Richmond International Raceway on May 3, 2003. Terry Labonte won the pole. Jerry Nadeau, driver of the #01 U.S. Army Pontiac for MB2/MBV Motorsports, was critically injured in a practice session for this race, and hasn't raced since. This race was shortened to 393 laps due to rain
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Hermie Sadler (#02), Derrike Cope (#37), Hideo Fukuyama (#66)
The Winston.
Results
Coca-Cola 600.
The Coca-Cola 600 was held at Lowe's Motor Speedway on May 25, 2003. Ryan Newman was the pole winner. The race was shortened to 276 laps due to inclement weather.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Hermie Sadler (#02), Brett Bodine (#11), Derrike Cope (#37)
MBNA Armed Forces Family 400.
The MBNA Armed Forces Family 400 was held at Dover International Speedway on June 1, 2003. Ryan Newman swept qualifying as well as the race. This was also the last career start for Brett Bodine.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Derrike Cope (#37), Hermie Sadler (#02)
Pocono 500.
The Pocono 500 was held at Pocono Raceway on June 8, 2003. Jimmie Johnson grabbed the top starting spot. On Lap 7 Ken Schrader gets loose and hits the wall and flips once before catching fire. He was uninjured.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Derrike Cope (#37), Morgan Shepherd (#89)
Sirius 400.
The Sirius 400 was held at Michigan International Speedway on June 15, 2003. Bobby Labonte was the pole sitter.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Mike Skinner (#4), Larry Foyt (#14)
Dodge/Save Mart 350.
The Dodge/Save Mart 350 was held at Infineon Raceway on June 22, 2003. Boris Said was the pole sitter.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: P. J. Jones (#14), Brandon Ash (#02), Paul Menard (#33), Jim Inglebright (#00)
Pepsi 400.
The Pepsi 400 was held at Daytona International Speedway on July 5, 2003. Steve Park won the pole.
Failed to qualify: Kerry Earnhardt (#83), Tony Raines (#74), Shane Hmiel (#43), Christian Fittipaldi (#44)
Tropicana 400.
The Tropicana 400 was held at Chicagoland Speedway on July 13, 2003. Tony Stewart sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Jason Keller (#81)
New England 300.
The New England 300 was held at New Hampshire International Speedway on July 20, 2003. Matt Kenseth won the pole.
Failed to qualify: Tim Sauter (#71), David Reutimann (#04), Carl Long (#46), Larry Foyt (#50)
Pennsylvania 500.
The Pennsylvania 500 was held at Pocono Raceway on July 27, 2003. Ryan Newman won the pole.
Failed to qualify: Brett Bodine (#4)
Brickyard 400.
The Brickyard 400 was held at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on August 3, 2003. Kevin Harvick won the pole.
Failed to qualify: Brett Bodine (#11), Ken Schrader (#49), Billy Bigley (#79), Ted Musgrave (#07), Robert Pressley (#4), Jim Sauter (#71), Christian Fittipaldi (#43), David Reutimann (#04), Hermie Sadler (#02)
Sirius at the Glen.
The Sirius at the Glen was held at Watkins Glen International Raceway on August 10, 2003. Jeff Gordon was the pole sitter.
Failed to qualify: Ken Schrader (#49), Joe Varde (#35), Scott Maxwell (#43), Larry Foyt (#50)
GFS Marketplace 400.
The GFS Marketplace 400 was held at Michigan International Speedway on August 17, 2003. Bobby Labonte won the pole. Meanwhile through the race, Todd Bodine bounces off Kurt Busch and then into Kenny Wallace, causing Bodine to get airborne and land on Wallace and erupt in flames. Fortunately both drivers escaped.
Failed to qualify: Stacy Compton (#4)
Sharpie 500.
The Sharpie 500 was held at Bristol Motor Speedway on August 23, 2003. Jeff Gordon sat on the pole. Fans disagreement over the suspension of Jimmy Spencer and only placing Kurt Busch on probation stemming from the incident the previous week prompted fans to boo Busch as he exited his car in victory lane.
Failed to qualify: Hermie Sadler (#02), Billy Bigley (#79), Derrike Cope (#37)
Mountain Dew Southern 500.
The Mountain Dew Southern 500 was held at Darlington Speedway on August 31, 2003. This was the last time the race was held on this date. Ryan Newman sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Larry Foyt (#50)
Chevy Rock and Roll 400.
The Chevy Rock and Roll 400 was held at Richmond International Raceway on September 6, 2003. Mike Skinner sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Larry Foyt (#50), Billy Bigley (#79)
Sylvania 300.
The Sylvania 300 was held at New Hampshire International Speedway on September 14, 2003. Ryan Newman sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Larry Foyt (#50), Derrike Cope (#37), Morgan Shepherd (#89), Carl Long (#46)
MBNA America 400.
The MBNA America 400 was held at Dover International Speedway on September 21, 2003. Qualifying was cancelled due to Hurricane Isabel; as a result, Matt Kenseth sat on the pole on owner points.
Failed to qualify: Larry Foyt (#50), Morgan Shepherd (#89), Billy Bigley (#79), Scott Wimmer (#27), Christian Fittipaldi (#44), Tim Sauter (#71)
EA Sports 500.
The EA Sports 500 was held September 28, 2003 at Talladega Superspeedway. Elliott Sadler won the pole. An early wreck took place on lap 10 when #19-Jeremy Mayfield had a tire go down, during pit stops #8-Dale Earnhardt Jr. made contact with #43-Jeff Green resulting in damage to his car's nose. Earnhardt Jr. would go a lap down on lap 62 after damage repair to his car. On lap 143 the 3rd caution came out when leader #48-Jimmie Johnson was sent spinning down to the inside of Turn 1 after Dale Earnhardt Jr. bumped #15-Michael Waltrip who slapped the side of Johnson, Johnson's car slid back up the Turn 1 banking barely missing a few cars. Dale Earnhardt Jr. was the lucky dog during the caution and got back on the lead lap. On lap 158 Johnson retired to the garage with engine problems. On lap 182 with 7 laps of racing left #38-Elliott Sadler who was racing four wide near the front of the pack down the backstretch
went to block #97-Kurt Busch. The #38 car made contact with the #97 and was turned around, as the car spun it became airborne flipping through the air then landing on the roof near the entrance of Turn 3. The car continued to slide across the grass to the track pavement in Turn 3, when the car caught the pavement it tumbled 5 more times before coming to a stop. Elliott Sadler was removed from the car and was ok. The race was red flagged as track workers cleaned up debris. Michael Waltrip led during the restart with 5 laps to go, Waltrip led all of the last five laps with drafting help from teammate Dale Earnhardt Jr., as the checkered flag waved cars were running 5 wide mid pack when #9-Bill Elliott made contact with #18-Bobby Labonte creating a small wreck in Turn 1. Waltrip celebrated the win by popping out of his car's newly installed emergency roof hatch after doing donuts on the infield
grass.
Top Ten Results:
Did not Qualify: Jason Leffler (#0), Kevin Lepage (#4), Steve Park (#30), Kyle Petty (#45), Mike Bliss (#80), Todd Bodine (#54)
Banquet 400.
The Banquet 400 was held at Kansas Speedway on October 5, 2003. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Larry Foyt (#14), Johnny Sauter (#4)
UAW-GM Quality 500.
The UAW-GM Quality 500 was held at Lowe's Motor Speedway on October 11, 2003. Ryan Newman sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Ken Schrader (#49), Hermie Sadler (#02), Mark Green (#14), Jeff Fultz (#55)
Subway 500.
The Subway 500 was held at Martinsville Speedway on October 19, 2003. Jeff Gordon sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Mark Green (#14), Morgan Shepherd (#89)
Bass Pro Shops MBNA 500.
The Bass Pro Shops MBNA 500 was held at Atlanta Motor Speedway on October 26 – October 27, 2003. Ryan Newman sat on the pole. The race was suspended after 39 laps due to rain and resumed the following day. A crash involving Ryan Newman and Dale Earnhardt Jr. with 4 laps left caused the race to finish under caution.
Failed to qualify: Jeff Green (#43), Buckshot Jones (#00), Larry Foyt (#14), Mike Wallace (#09), Billy Bigley (#79), Shelby Howard (#27)
Checker Auto Parts 500.
The Checker Auto Parts 500 was held Phoenix International Raceway on November 2, 2003. Ryan Newman sat on the pole.
Failed to qualify: Derrike Cope (#37), Brandon Ash (#02)
Pop Secret Microwave Popcorn 400.
The Pop Secret Microwave Popcorn 400 was held at North Carolina Speedway on November 9, 2003. This was the last fall race held at Rockingham. Ryan Newman sat on the pole. This was the last victory of Bill Elliott's career.
Failed to qualify: Hermie Sadler (#02), Tim Sauter (#71), Rich Bickle (#79)
Ford 400.
The Ford 400, the final race of the season, and the last race ever under the "Winston Cup" name, was held at Homestead-Miami Speedway on November 16, 2003. Jamie McMurray sat on the pole. With one lap remaining, Bill Elliott was leading when he cut a tire between turns 1 and 2, handing the win to Bobby Labonte, the only lap he led. Matt Kenseth, who had clinched the Winston Cup title at Rockingham one week earlier, finished 43rd due to a blown engine on lap 28, his worst finish of the season. This was the last time Labonte won. This would be 2 races in a row where 2 drivers last wins happened (Bill Elliott was the week before).
Failed to qualify: Ken Schrader (#49), Kyle Petty (#45), Mike Wallace (#09), Derrike Cope (#79), Rich Bickle (#78)
Final Points Standings.
For complete standings click here. The Top 35 cars in the standings are guaranteed a starting spot in the next race of a given season.
All information in this article is from Racing Reference and NASCAR.com.
Rookie of the Year.
The easy favorite for Rookie of the Year heading was Jamie McMurray, who had won the previous year in just his second start, and he did not disappoint, posting thirteen top-tens and a pole position despite not winning again. Runner-up Greg Biffle finished in the top-25 in the first two races, failed to qualify at Las Vegas, then won the Pepsi 400, while Tony Raines posted just one top ten finish in BACE Motorsports' only full season in Winston Cup. Casey Mears couldn't finish higher than 15th in his debut season, but has gone on since to garner sixteen top-tens. Former Craftsman Truck Series champion Jack Sprague only lasted eighteen races before being released from his #0 ride, while Larry Foyt's best finish in 20 starts was a sixteenth at the season ending race at Homestead. The only other declared candidate, Hideo Fukuyama, dropped out early due to a lack of funding from his BelCar Racing team.

</doc>
<doc id="2842685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842685" title="Flettner Fl 282">
Flettner Fl 282

The Flettner Fl 282 Kolibri ("Hummingbird") is a single-seat open cockpit intermeshing rotor helicopter, or "synchropter", produced by Anton Flettner of Germany. According to Yves Le Bec, the Flettner Fl 282 was the world's first series production helicopter.
Design and development.
The Fl 282 "Kolibri" was an improved version of the Flettner Fl 265, announced in July 1940, which had the same intermeshing rotor configuration as the earlier helicopter. It had a Siemens-Halske Sh 14 radial engine of 150-160 hp mounted in the center of the fuselage, with a transmission mounted on the front of the engine from which a drive shaft ran to an upper gearbox, which then split the power to a pair of opposite drive shafts to turn the rotors. 
The Sh 14 engine was a tried and true design that only required servicing every 400 hours, as opposed to the Focke Achgelis Fa 223, which needed maintenance every 25 hours. The Fl 282's fuselage was constructed from steel tube covered with doped fabric, and it was fitted with a fixed undercarriage.
The German Navy was impressed with the "Kolibri" and wanted to evaluate it for submarine spotting duties, ordering an initial 15 examples, to be followed by 30 production models. Flight testing of the first two prototypes was carried out through 1941, including repeated takeoffs and landings from a pad mounted on the German cruiser "Köln".
The first two "A" series prototypes had enclosed cockpits; all subsequent examples had open cockpits and were designated "B" series.
In case of an engine failure, the switch from helicopter to autorotation was automatic.
Three-bladed rotors were installed on a test bed and found smoother than the vibrating 2-blade rotor, but the concept was not pursued further.
After the war, Anton Flettner emigrated to the United States and became the chief designer for Kaman Aircraft, creating the Kaman HH-43 Huskie. Intermeshing rotors have become noted with Kaman helicopters, which continues this concept.
Operational history.
Intended roles of Fl 282 included ferrying items between ships and reconnaissance. However, as the war progressed, the Luftwaffe began considering converting the Fl 282 for battlefield use. Until this time the craft had been flown by a single pilot, but by then a position for an observer was added at the very rear of the craft, resulting in the B-2 version. Later the B-2 proved a useful artillery spotting aircraft and an observation unit was established in 1945 comprising three Fl 282 and three Fa 223 helicopters.
Good handling in bad weather led the German Air Ministry to issue a contract in 1944 to BMW to produce 1,000 units. However, the company's Munich plant was destroyed by Allied bombing raids after producing just 24 machines.
Towards the end of World War II most of the surviving Fl 282s were stationed at Rangsdorf, in their role as artillery spotters, but gradually fell victim to Soviet fighters and anti-aircraft fire.

</doc>
<doc id="2842695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842695" title="Queen Marlena">
Queen Marlena

Queen Marlena is a fictional character from the Masters of the Universe franchise. She first appears in the toys' minicomics as a typical medieval-style queen. Later, the Filmation cartoon series states that she is actually a space pilot from Earth who had crash-landed on Eternia some years before the present time of the series. 
Unlike her husband, King Randor (who received a figure at the tail-end of the original line), Queen Marlena never had an action figure version of herself produced in the original toy line. In 2011, Mattel released a Queen Marlena/Captain Glenn action figure which was available at the San Diego Comic-Con and Matty Collector website as part of the Masters of the Universe Classics line. 
Character history.
Filmation animated series.
Filmation's "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" animated series, presents a somewhat expanded version of the queen of Eternia, making her the mother of Prince Adam and Princess Adora. In the cartoon Marlena is given an elaborate backstory, being an astronaut from Earth who was forced to make an emergency landing and became stranded on Eternia when her spaceship was bombarded by an asteroid storm. There, she was found by Randor, King of Eternia. Recovering from the crash, she fell in love with Randor, and chose to stay on Eternia and became his wife even after her ship was fully repaired. The original series bible states that Marlena had several passengers on board her craft when it crash landed, who were mutated into Evil-Lyn, Beast Man and Tri-Klops. However, this notion proved unpopular with writers and was never used in the series. 
Although featured regularly in the series, her direct involvement in the plots is generally minimal, although she is noticeably featured in episodes that recount her crash-landing on Eternia, in both the early episode "Teela's Quest" and the second season episode "The Rainbow Warrior". Furthermore in "The Rainbow Warrior", she saves the day when she takes her old ship, which is still combat worthy, and defeats Skeletor, who has taken Randor, Adam, and several other heroic characters prisoner. After the battle, Randor proudly reveals her identity while describing her as the greatest pilot Earth ever had. It is very subtly hinted at the end of the episode that Marlena knows Adam is He-Man. 
Queen Marlena is usually voiced in the Filmation cartoon by Linda Gary, but in some early episodes is voiced by producer Lou Scheimer's wife, Jay Scheimer. This was due to a contract clause that only allowed Gary to voice a certain number of characters each episode. 
In the second season episode "Visitors From Earth", two human space-pilots that land on Eternia and who know Marlena are indicated to be from present times. In the animated TV special "", two children from Earth are accidentally teleported to Eternia. From the brief glimpses of Earth shown in this episode, and the children's parents' incredulous reaction to some high-tech gadgets the children return with, there is nothing to suggest a futuristic era.
The New Adventures of He-Man.
Queen Marlena appears in the first episode of "The New Adventures of He-Man" series, "A New Beginning". When her son, Adam, reveals to her and King Randor that he will travel to the future, he also reveals his secret identity as He-Man. Marlena and Randor tell their son they are very proud of him before he leaves. Marlena and Randor look similar to their previous Filmation incarnations, and wear the same robes, they are also seated in the same throne room. Curiously though, Marlena now has blue/grey hair.
Mike Young Productions animated series.
In the 2002 Mike Young Productions animated series, Marlena is given a somewhat reduced role, although is characterised much the same way. No mention is made, however, of Marlena having been an Earth astronaut in this continuity. She is, on one occasion, depicted as an accomplished diplomat and competent warrior, wearing battle-armor and defending herself against the Snake Men in episode 33 "Of Machines and Men".

</doc>
<doc id="2842714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842714" title="Consuelo">
Consuelo

Consuelo is a female given name meaning "solace", "hope" and "consolation" in Spanish (a reference to the Virgin Mary, Nuestra Señora del Consuelo i.e. Our Lady of Consolation). It is sometimes misspelled as "Consuela" in the English-speaking world. People with the name include:
In the arts:
A place:
A ship

</doc>
<doc id="2842718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842718" title="North Georgia College &amp; State University">
North Georgia College &amp; State University

North Georgia College and State University was a 4-year university located in Dahlonega, Georgia. Founded as North Georgia Agricultural College in 1873, it was the second oldest public institution of higher education in the state until its consolidation, the first being the University of Georgia. The university was renowned for its ROTC program, and was designated as The Military College of Georgia. It was also designated by the University System of Georgia as a state leadership institution. It was one of only six senior military colleges in the United States.
On January 10, 2012, the Georgia Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia approved the consolidation of North Georgia College and State University with Gainesville State College by January 2013 to form a new institution; the University of North Georgia.
NGCSU was founded as an agricultural branch of the University of Georgia in 1873, which was made possible by the Morrill Act and the efforts of William Pierce Price. Its first graduating class in 1879 consisted of three men and one woman, making it the first public college in the state to award a degree to a woman. In 1929, its agriculture program was dropped and the name was changed to North Georgia College. The school received the designation of state university in 1996. Protesting alumni were successful in keeping the word "college" in the name after they became upset when the name "North Georgia State University" was suggested.
North Georgia's former campus is nestled in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains just south of the terminus of the Appalachian Trail. Campus buildings are located around the drill field which is used by the military for drill and training, recreation for students and intramural sports. As a sign of respect students do not take short cuts across the field from the dorms and barracks to the academic buildings. The main administrative building, Price Memorial Hall, is named in honor of founder William Pierce Price. It is built on the foundations of the mint that was established in Dahlonega during the gold rush. Its spire was gold leafed in 1973 from local gold as was the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta.
The university consisted of 4 colleges and awards over 50 degrees including in teacher education, nursing, pre-med, and military programs. In 2012, U.S. News & World Report ranked the university 53rd in the "Regional University (South)" category. G.I. Jobs magazine listed the university as a 2013 "Military Friendly School".
History.
North Georgia College & State University began as a branch of the Georgia College of Agriculture and Mechanical which was created by the University of Georgia (UGA) in 1873 from funds from the Morrill Act. William Pierce Price, a local congressman, persuaded officials at UGA to use part of the funds to establish a branch of the newly created college in Dahlonega, Georgia, Price's birthplace and home. The college opened classes in 1873 with 177 students, 98 males and 79 females, making it the first coeducational college in the state. Classes were originally held in the old U.S. mint building that was shut down during the Civil War. After the college was awarded the power to grant degrees in 1876, the first graduating class received degrees in 1879. The first graduating class of four consisted of three men and one woman, making North Georgia the first public institution in the state to award a degree to a female.
The college had always had a military presence, since land-grant schools were required to teach military tactics, but it was not until World War I when the military programs began to grow. The National Defense Act of 1916 that created the ROTC also helped establish the military presence that is felt on the campus today. In 1929 the designation of Agricultural was dropped from the name and the school became North Georgia College. By 1932 the college was reduced to a two-year junior college. World War II saw a decline in enrollment because of the number of male students joining the war effort. This changed when an Army Specialized Training Program was placed at the college to train junior officers. After the war the college grew because of young servicemen and veterans using their GI bill benefits to attend school. By 1946 the college was reinstated as a four-year college. In the 1950s, Dahlonega provided gold for the leafing of the capitol building. It was also at this time that similar efforts to gold leaf Price Memorial Hall were begun, a project that did not see fruition until 1973.
On January 10, 2012, the University System of Georgia approved the consolidation of North Georgia College and State University with Gainesville State College to form a new institution, the University of North Georgia in January 2013.
Academics.
Schools and departments.
North Georgia had four schools:
Mike Cottrell School of Business.
The Mike Cottrell School of Business offered degrees in business administration. Undergraduate students can major in accounting, finance, management, and marketing.
School of Education.
The School of Education offered certifications in teaching and education degrees to students. Certifications and degrees are awarded in early childhood/special education; middle grades education (grades 4-8); secondary education (grades 7-12) in English, history, social science, mathematics, and science; and P-12 certification in art, music, French, physical education, and Spanish. North Georgia also offers master's of education degrees for an education specialist and teacher leadership as well as certification in administration and supervision.
School of Arts & Letters.
The Department of English offered concentrations in writing and literature. English students have the opportunity to become certified as a teacher at the middle/secondary level. In addition, they have the opportunity to work on "Mountain Laurels" and "Unfettered Muse," North Georgia’s literary magazines, and may work tutoring students at the Writing Center. The English Department also has a chapter of Sigma Tau Delta, the English honors society.
The Department of History and Philosophy offered programs leading to a Bachelor of Arts degree in history, a Bachelor of Arts in history education, and a Master of Arts (M.A.) in history. The department also offers a minor in philosophy. Students can also join Phi Alpha Theta, the national honors society for history.
The Department of Performing Arts offered a Bachelor of Arts in music and a Bachelor of Science in music education, as well as a minor in theater. The department offers a full range of music courses, including a symphonic band, a military band, jazz ensembles, a symphony orchestra, several choirs, and chamber ensembles.
The Department of Psychology and Sociology offered a Bachelor of Science degree in both psychology and sociology, a master's degree in community counseling, and minors in psychology and sociology. The department also has a chapter of Psi Chi, the national psychology honors society, and Alpha Kappa Delta, the international sociology honors society.
There were also opportunities to earn a minor in gender studies and complete a certification program in gerontology. The gender studies minor program was instituted in 2006, after the faculty self-organized numerous Women and Leadership conferences, committees and lectures. The program offers courses in sex, gender, and sexuality concentrated into the literature, history, sociology, psychology, criminal justice, political science, and nursing programs. The gerontology program has been offered for the last six years at North Georgia. North Georgia is a part of the Georgia Gerontology Consortium through a distance learning partnership. North Georgia offers undergraduate and graduate courses in gerontology. The program aims to provide an introduction to gerontology theory, application, and research, clinical internships with older adults, and to provide public service programs to meet educational, professional, and community needs.
The Department of Modern Languages prepared students to communicate in a multi-lingual world. The department currently offers majors, minors, and coursework in seven modern languages: Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Korean, Russian, and Spanish. In addition, there are education and business concentrations offered within the programs of study. There are many study abroad opportunities for students, including an exchange program with various Chinese universities, French programs in Quebec City, Quebec at the Université Laval and the Centre d’Etudes Franco-Américain in Lisieux, France, a German immersion program in Bonn, Germany, and a Spanish study abroad program in Santander, Spain. On campus, students of modern languages can take advantage of the 50-seat language lab to further their study and knowledge of their language of choice, and can take part in summer immersion camps in Spanish, and Chinese as well as Foreign Language Day, where North Georgia hosts high school competitions in foreign language.
The Department of Political Science and Criminal Justice offered various programs. Within political science, there were offerings in American politics, international relations, and pre-law. The department focuses mainly on political institutions (presidency, Congress, and courts), public administration, and international relations dealing with Asian, Latin American, and Western European politics. The department also offers a European Union certification and an international affairs degree, which provides students with an introduction to international relations. The department also offers a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. Honor students are invited to membership in Alpha Phi Sigma (national criminal-justice honor society) and Pi Sigma Alpha (national political-science honor society).
The Department of Visual Arts (DoVA) offered a Bachelor of Arts degree in studio art, a Bachelor of Arts degree in art with concentration in film studies, and Bachelor of Science degrees in art marketing, and art education. DoVA also offers minors in graphic design, studio art, and art history. The department offers courses in art education, art history, ceramics, drawing, film, graphic design, painting, photography, printmaking, sculpture, textile design, and weaving.
School of Science and Health Professions.
The School of Science and Health Professions offered degrees in mathematics, computer science, biology, chemistry, physics, and nursing.
The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science offered programs of study leading to the Bachelor of Science degree with majors in mathematics, secondary education certification in mathematics, computer science, and computer information systems. In addition to the Bachelor of Science, North Georgia College & State University offered a Master's of Education in Mathematics Education. Math/CS students were offered many opportunities, including specialized computer labs and the MATH/CS Tutorial Center, which is staffed by qualified student tutors.
The Department of Biology offered programs of study leading to the Bachelor of Science degree with majors in biology and biology education. Furthermore, the department advised students who wished to apply to professional programs such as medicine, dentistry, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, physical therapy, physicians' assistants, and respiratory therapy.
The Department of Chemistry offered degrees in chemistry and chemistry education. The department also advised students who wish to pursue professional degree in the fields of pharmacy, medicine, dentistry, and optometry.
The Department of Physical Therapy offered a Doctorate of Physical Therapy degree.
The Department of Physics offered a Bachelor of Science degree in physics as well as a minor in physics. The department also offered a joint partnership with Georgia Tech, Clemson University, and Mercer University that offers students the option to receive a dual degree in both physics (from North Georgia) and an engineering degree from the school of his/her choice.
The Department of Nursing was founded in 1974, with the Associate of Science degree in nursing program. The department continued to grow with the addition of the Bachelor of Science degree in nursing program. There were additional "satellite programs" offered in Cumming and Gainesville, and an LPN/RN Bridge program. In 1998, the Master of Science/Family Nurse Practitioner Program was founded and in 2006, the Master of Science in Nursing Education was instituted.
Degrees and programs.
Undergraduate degrees:
Graduate degrees:
Other programs:
Honor societies.
North Georgia's faculty considered recognition of honor students to be well-deserved and, therefore, an essential function of the university. Accordingly, 21 honor-society organizations—19 of which are chapters of national and international honor societies and 14 of which are affiliated with the national Association of College Honor Societies—were active at the university, and initiated accomplished students to membership.
The 21 honor-society organizations are:
Athletics.
Intercollegiate.
North Georgia's sports teams, athletically known as the Nighthawks, are members of the NCAA Division II level, primarily competing in the Peach Belt Conference which it joined in 2005. But prior joining NCAA Division II, North Georgia formerly competed in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Southern States Athletic Conference (SSAC) from 1999 to 2005. North Georgia fielded men's and women's teams in basketball, golf, tennis, soccer, baseball, and softball. When the college began intercollegiate sports competition the teams were known as The Cadets and when the school first fielded a women's basketball team they were known as the Golddiggers. Men's and women's teams were previously known as the Saints and Lady Saints. The Saint mascot was adopted in the 1970s when a professor bought a Saint Bernard dog to bring to basketball games.
Softball:
The Lady Saints finished the 2009 season with an overall record of 50-5. The Lady Saints rode a 27 game win streak and a #1 ranking for a large part of the season and into the Division II World Series. They were defeated in the Championship by the #2 ranked Lock Haven University Bald Eagles.
Club and intramural sports.
Students at UNG may also participated in the many club and intramural sports offered at the college. Club sports at UNG practiced and played against other universities. Club sports at UNG included wrestling, cycling, rugby union, and ultimate frisbee. The intramural sports program at UNG provided students with the chance to play sports recreationally. Intramural sports at UNG included 3v3 basketball, cornhole, flag football, basketball, indoor volleyball, dodgeball, recreational soccer, innertube water polo, sand volleyball, softball, ultimate frisbee, table tennis/horse, and whiffleball.
Student life.
Many students at North Georgia chose to attend because of its location and programs. North Georgia's campus is located approximately an hour's drive to downtown Atlanta ( away), an hour and half drive to downtown Athens ( away), a two hours and fifteen minutes drive to Chattanooga, Tennessee ( away), and an approximately two hours and twenty minutes drive to Greenville, South Carolina ( away). Situated in the small town of Dahlonega, students also enjoyed local shopping, restaurants, and festivals. Only a short distance away from the Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest, Chattahoochee River, Chestatee River, Etowah River, and Lake Lanier, many waterfalls make it the ideal location for outdoor enthusiasts.
At the time of its consolidation, the student ratio was about 60% female to 40% male. Over 900 military cadets lived on campus and attended classes in full uniform. Cadets at North Georgia learned how to function within a military organization while maintaining a strong connection with civilian life, a skill set that enabled them to succeed as commissioned officers. It is not uncommon to hear the mottos of the specialty corps units being yelled on walks to and from class, or see the cadets on marches throughout the campus.
Until the fall of 2008, all male students that lived on campus were required to participate in the ROTC program. This policy was changed to avoid legal ramifications from Title IX legislation, that all students must be provided equal programs regardless of sex. The rule change and the proximity of the school to U.S. Route 19, which runs concurrently to Georgia State Route 400, Georgia State Route 60, and Georgia State Route 9 led to a large commuter population. Some commuters lived within walking distance of campus while others lived up to the maximum of away from campus.
Student Government Association.
SGA was a group of students that are elected by the student body. They served as meditators between the faculty and the students. They main function of SGA was to allocate funds to student organizations.
Student Activities Board.
SAB was one of the most diverse organizations on campus run by elected students. SAB organizes and funds social events that help provide a release for students during the school semester. Some of the events included Spring and Fall Jam, various concerts, outdoor movies, comedians, hypnotists, speakers, holiday activities, and dances. They also published the "Flush Flash", a weekly newsletter that was posted in all bathroom stalls that provides information about what's happening on campus for the week. The motto of the Flush Flash was 'Everyone knows because everyone goes'. All students were invited to weekly meetings held on Tuesdays at 5:30 p.m.
Commuter Council.
The Commuter Council was enacted to address problems and issues of North Georgia commuter students. The Commuter Council had elected voting representatives on the SGA and SAB. The Commuter Council hosted many social events such as cookouts, forums, and breakfasts that help commuter students relax and make new friends.
Greek life.
There were thirteen fraternities and sororities at North Georgia, offering friendship and leadership opportunities. Sororities were governed by the Panhellenic Council, which is made up of representatives from each of the five sororities on campus. The eight fraternities are governed by the Interfraternity Council (IFC).
There were several guidelines for eligibility in Greek organizations. There is no Greek housing on campus, so Greeks were required to live in university housing or commute. First year students were not eligible to participate in Greek life until they had completed 12 hours at North Georgia and had a standing 2.3 GPA (cadets were required to be off quarters to be eligible). Recruitment began in the spring semester, which afforded students the advantage of checking out sorority and fraternity open houses and functions.
Fraternities & sororities:
Greek life events throughout the year included the following: formal Rush in the spring semester (late January), spirit night competitions, and Greek Week.
Clubs.
There were many organizations at North Georgia, with the rugby team being among the most active and successful on campus. North Georgia Rugby Club was formed in 2006 and played a full intercollegiate schedule, with participation from both men's and women's teams. Rugby was the only contact sport at North Georgia. As with so many players worldwide, the sport of rugby prides itself on having a special culture surrounding the sports. Other general interest organizations include the Dance Team, Theater Guild, Step Team, Swim Club, Karate Club, Equestrian Club, Outdoor Club, and the newly formed Academic Team.
Campus.
The heart of campus is the William J. "Lipp" Livsey Drill Field named after William J. Livsey, a North Georgia College graduate who went on to become a four-star general in the Army. The drill field separates the residence areas of campus from the academic areas. The main campus covers just off the main square of Dahlonega, with most of that area lying in a triangle created by West Main Street, Morrison Moore Parkway, and Georgia State Route 60. Student housing consists of the 3 military residence halls: Gaillard Hall, Patriot Hall, and Liberty Hall; 2 traditional residence halls: Lewis Hall and Donovan Hall; an apartment complex: Owen Hall; and North Georgia Suites. Academic buildings include Nix Fine Arts Center, Rogers Hall, Young Hall, Health and Natural Sciences (HNS), Hansford Hall (formerly West Main Hall and The Education Building), Newton-Oakes Center (NOC), Dunlap Hall, and The Pennington Military Leadership Center. Administrative buildings include Price Memorial, Stewart Student Success Center, the Downtown Office Building, and Barnes Hall. Other buildings on campus include the Library & Technology Center, the Dining Hall, Hoag Student Center, Student Center South, and the Recreation Center (known as the RecDeck because of the parking deck below it). The athletic facilities include Memorial Hall Gymnasium, the UNG Sports Complex which contains the baseball, softball, and soccer fields, and the tennis facility located at Yahoola Creek Park. Overall the campus owns in adjacent or nearby parks and forests which include Pine Valley Recreation Facility and the North Georgia Astronomical Observatory.
Price Memorial.
Price Memorial was the first building at The North Georgia Agriculture College when it was donated to the school in 1873 by the U.S. government. Prior to its donation to the school Price Memorial served as a mint. Five years later in December 1878 a fire devastated Price Memorial. The next year in June the architecture firm of Perkins and Bruce rebuilt the building on the original marble foundation in a blend of the Second Empire Gothic and Neoclassical Revival styles. This building was referred to as the ‘main building’ until it was named after William Pierce Price in 1908 following his death. Price was a chief contributor to the college when it first opened, donating four thousand dollars toward its founding. Today, Price Memorial houses the President’s Office, Office of the Registrar, the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, and the Financial Aid office, along with many other administrative offices. Price Memorial stands as a visible landmark for the college, known for its gold steeple that was leafed with Dahlonega gold in 1973; but the leaf gold was later replaced in 1985.
Young Hall.
On the site where Young Hall is located, there had previously been a building called Bostwick Hall. Bostwick Hall was constructed in 1900, and paid for by J.H. Bostwick. Bostwick Hall was a two-story building made of brick and stucco originally built for $6,856. This building originally held the President’s office, lecture rooms, the school library, and a reading room on the ground floor. Biology, Chemistry, Geology, and Physics labs were located on the second floor. This building was destroyed in 1911 by a fire. Later, in 1939 president Jonathan Clark Rogers used resources from the PWA (Public Works Administration), part of Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal program, to build a new building on the site of the old Bostwick Hall; the new structure's cost was $30,000. A plaque stating the building was built by the PWA can be found on the front right side of Young Hall. The building was then named the Stewart Library after President Joseph Spencer Stewart (1893–1903) and housed 15,000 books. After the new Stewart Library was completed in 1971, the school renamed the building after William D. Young, who served North Georgia College as dean, registrar, and an instructor of history and social science. Until 2010, Young Hall served as the main building for the History & Philosophy Department, housing history, philosophy, social sciences, and criminal justice classes, and offices for professors. After a major retrofitting project, Young Hall reopened for classes in October 2011.
Dunlap-Newton Oakes.
The Dunlap-Newton Oakes building annex housed several academic departments (Language, English, Math, etc.). Dunlap-Newton Oakes is perhaps the most centrally located of all the buildings on the UNG campus. It sits to the east-northeast of the Drill Field, between the student center and the gymnasium.
Hansford Hall.
The Nathaniel and Frances Fincher Hansford Hall (formerly known as West Main Hall and The Education Building), was originally built in 1913 with money acquired by President Gustavus Glenn (1904–1922) for $10,000. For many years, the 52 room brick building served as the company barracks housing all male students. This neoclassical building’s uniqueness comes from its stone masonry foundation and its Corinthian columns. This building has also been called the Industrial Building before being named the Academic Building. Hansford Hall had additions added to the east end in 1975 making the total square footage of the building . In April 2011 the building was renamed Hansford Hall in honor of past president Nathaniel Hansford.
Rogers Hall.
Rogers Hall was the first building constructed on campus after the end of World War II, and was initially called the Science Building. Construction began in 1946 and continued until 1948, completed by the William E. Fennell Construction Company from the neighboring city of Gainesville, Georgia. Rogers Hall cost the college $300,000. The three-story Colonial Revival and modern style building was constructed with a steel frame and finished with brick masonry. Rogers Hall housed the physics department on the first floor, the chemistry department on the second floor, and biology took up the third. Rogers Hall housed many of the natural sciences classes such as geology and other earth sciences, and still houses some physics labs. Rogers Hall gets its name from college president Jonathan Clark Rogers who later became the president of The University of Georgia. The building’s name was officially changed to Rogers Hall following his death in October 1967. Rogers Hall is located around the drill field and is .
"The Boar's Head Brigade".
The Boar's Head Brigade was the official designation of the ROTC unit at North Georgia. It's history is steeped in hazing. It was formed along standard military units at a smaller scale. There were two battalions, and each battalion had three companies. There was one detached Headquarters Company. Headquarters and Headquarters Company consisted of the Brigade Staff, the Golden Eagle Band, the Blue Ridge Rifles, the Nurse Detachment, and Color Guard. Cadets lived in recently constructed and renovated suite-style residence halls - Liberty Hall, Patriot Hall, and Gaillard Hall - that comprised a military compound. The residence halls center on the COL Ben Purcell Formation Plaza and overlook the GEN William J. "Lipp" Livsey Drill Field.
Military life on campus was full-time during the week and even weekends. A typical week on campus began with a full brigade drill on Monday. Military drill starts the academic year with brigade drills in the fall, company drills in the winter, and squad drills in the spring. Companies submit to a "white collar" inspection of quarters each academic term. Quarters are meticulously cleaned and bunks must meet specific inspection requirements with a "white collar" turn down.
Daily life began with First Call at 6:45 a.m. and Reveille at 7:00 a.m. Retreat was sounded each day at 5:00 p.m. Tattoo was played at 11:30pm and Taps was played at 12:00 a.m. For Retreat, everyone on campus stops what they are doing, just like on a military post, and pays respect while the flag is lowered.
Cadet uniform requirements varied by weekday: Monday,Tuesday, and Wednesday, is Army Combat Uniform (ACU); Thursday and Friday is Class "B"s. On some Fridays, under the guidance of the Brigade Commander, cadets were authorized to wear "Campus Casual" attire that consists of a blue North Georgia polo shirt, khaki slacks, dress shoes, and a belt. Campus casual was created by Col. Palmer.
Members of the Corps may dress down to "civvies" at 5:00 p.m., given academic minimums are met, otherwise cadets must report for "quarters" (required study hall lasting Sunday through Thursday each week) at 8:00 p.m. There is a quarters break at 10:30 pm and quarters taps at 11:00 p.m. NCOs within each company alternate as CQ (Charge of Quarters) monitoring each company hall who stay on duty from 8:00 p.m. until official taps at 12:00 a.m.
Inspections and physical fitness were alternated during the week beginning with First Call. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday are designated as "PRT" days, while Tuesday and Thursday are the "inspection" days. On inspection days, the Corps also has Cadet Professional Development classes (CPD). These classes are rudimentary, but serve a greater purpose that still remains to be discovered. These classes consist of policies, traditions, helpful tips on when its appropriate to wear a rain coat. that can be used to foster a successful future at North Georgia, let alone the Corps. Cadets are additionally required to pass the Army Physical Fitness Test each academic quarter.
See www.northgeorgia.edu/cadetadmissions/ for more information.
Military specialty units.
Aggressor Platoon.
""Aggressors Lead the Way!""
The Aggressor Platoon is an organization sponsored by the North Georgia Corps of Cadets Military Department. The unit functions as one of eleven military organizations and seeks to train students in light infantry, Ranger, special operations, and guerrilla warfare tactics. Using these skills the Aggressor Platoon provides a realistic opposing force (OPFOR) for Pre-Camp and Corps of Cadets field training exercises (FTX). Members use intense training and demanding FTX’s to enhance their levels of discipline, leadership, and tactical proficiency.
The Aggressor Platoon was originally formed in 1963 as an affiliate of the Scabbard and Blade in order to provide an opposing force for juniors before they went to summer training. Members were selected from the sophomore class based on their prior military experience and motivation. The platoon was nicknamed the “Black Tigers” in reference to the all black fatigues worn by the members. The platoon was reorganized in the late 1970s into its current form taking all volunteers from the school. Their motto is ""Aggressors Lead the Way!""
To become an Aggressor, eligible students must show up at the Aggressor Rock in uniform and complete a physical fitness test, a timed obstacle course, and a ruck march. Upon a successful completion of tryouts, the student may have the opportunity to be a candidate in the platoon. To advance in rank, members must complete all assigned tests scoring 80 percent or above and show outstanding leadership in FTXs and regular training events.
Blue Ridge Rifles.
""Blue and Gray All the Way!""
Perhaps one of the most highly regarded and respected units on campus are the Blue Ridge Rifles. The BRR get their name from a volunteer rifle unit that was located in Dahlonega during the Civil War. After the Civil War was over, members of the unit remained in contact. In the 1950s, North Georgia decided to form a platoon that specialized in rifle drills and showmanship and called the unit the Honor Platoon from 1950-58. In 1959, the unit was renamed the Blue Ridge Rifles as homage to the original Confederate unit.
The BRR are a nationally acclaimed unit that have performed in many drill competitions across the country. They pride themselves on this fact and are often considered to be one of the best drilling units in the country. They frequently compete with other highly esteemed drill units such as Texas A&M and West Point. Their motto is ""Blue and Gray All the Way!""
Chaplain Corps.
""Storm the gates of hell!""
The mission for the chaplains in the Boar's Head Brigade is to help identify problems in the unit, propose solutions, and help commanders maintain a positive command environment. Chaplains will also maintain the capacity to present religious opportunities to the Corps, on a voluntary basis, and provide information on religious activities in the surrounding community.
The cadet chaplains also provide morale and motivation for each cadet company and therefore help to form the backbone of the unit. Each of the 10 chaplains are in positions of responsibility over morale, mental and spiritual health, and motivation in the Corps of Cadets. The motto of the Chaplain Corps is ""Storm the gates of hell!""
The Cadet Chaplain Corps was started in the fall of 2000 with only one brigade chaplain. It has now grown to include one chaplain in each company, one chaplain in each battalion, and the brigade chaplain, all of which are volunteers. In 2008, the Boar's Head Brigade Cadet Chaplain Corps was constituted and became an official specialty unit on campus. The Chaplain Corps hosts a variety of events on campus, including Corps Bible study and Prayer Breakfast.
Color Guard.
""Duty! Honor! Country!""
The North Georgia Color Guard is without a doubt the single most important specialty unit on campus. It is their job to safeguard and present the colors (American, State, and Boar's Head Brigade) at each and every function of the Corps of Cadets. The Color Guard is the military liaison for North Georgia College and State University. The North Georgia Color also performs around the South Eastern Region at military banquets (any US military branch), National Football League (NFL) games, Major League Baseball (MLB) games, NASCAR events, local parades, and many other community events.
The Color Guard is nationally recognized for its precision drill. The unit was recognized as the National Champion Color Guard Team in 2000 and 2002 at the National ROTC Drill Meet, held at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana (also known as the "Mardi Gras Drill Meet"). More recently, in 2010 the Color Guard placed second at the Mardi Gras Drill Meet. Their unit is open to any member of the Corps of Cadets that is in high standing academically, physically, and morally.
The Color Guard motto is:
""Duty, Honor, Country!""
The Golden Eagle Band.
""Talons of Steel""/""Raise hell""
The Golden Eagle Band (GEB) of the University of North Georgia is one of the most unique specialty units on campus. Not only is it a military organization, but it is also an academic class. The GEB is the oldest specialty unit on campus that traces it origins back with the founding of the university in 1873. It is also the oldest marching band in the state of Georgia. As such, it has a great level of history and tradition.
The Golden Eagle Band's mission is to "provide quality musicianship, discipline, and leadership through both military and musical training. We set and maintain the highest standards to represent North Georgia College & State University's Boar's Head Brigade."
Several times each semester, the Corps of Cadets has reviews and functions in which marching is involved. The Golden Eagle Band serves as "the heartbeat" of the Corps at these functions as they maintain the tempo for marches and perform the many bugle calls that are a required part of military processions. The majority of the band's performances are military processions. However, the band has recently integrated Drum Corps International techniques and shows into their regimen. The GEB goes on a tour across the Southeast every Spring semester. This makes for a more thorough and complete collegiate band experience as well as to entertain those who come to see the military reviews and processions.
Even though the GEB is one of the several military units on campus, it is in fact open to both cadets and civilian students. Participation is not limited to those with a background in music as all skills needed to perform in a military band are taught by the instructors and cadre. The GEB has two mottoes used to distinguish between new and veteran players: ""Talons of Steel"" for new members and ""Raise Hell"" for veterans.
Mountain Order of Colombo.
""Mountain All the Way!""/""If you can't keep up the pace, drop out of the formation.""
In 1962, the Order of Colombo Mountain Platoon was conceived by a group of cadets who were interested in forming a unique organization after watching a demonstration performed by the cadre of the U.S. Army Mountain Ranger Camp. After requesting information and training assistance from the ranger camp, Master Sergeant Louis P. Colombo, who was assigned to Camp Merrill, volunteered his time and knowledge. Prior to MSG Colombo’s departure, the unit was named in his honor. MSG Colombo died in November 1995.
The unit is sponsored by the military department to promote interest in military mountaineering and small unit infantry tactics. Members are selected from those cadets who successfully pass a rigorous physical fitness test and tactical skills test. Their mission is to train and develop cadets into potential mountain combat soldiers with emphasis on the subjects of mountaineering, fixed installations, terrain navigation, small unit tactics, hand-to-hand combat, and survival tactics.
Small unit tactics are initially taught in the classroom, followed by practical exercises in a field environment. Mountaineering skills are initially taught in the classroom, practiced on the rappelling tower, and then perfected at Mount Yonah. Their motto is ""Mountain All the Way!""

</doc>
<doc id="2842739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842739" title="Suzy Batkovic">
Suzy Batkovic

Suzy Batkovic-Brown (née "Batković") (born 17 December 1980 in Lambton, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian women's basketball player. She has played basketball for several European clubs including the French Valenciennes, the Spanish side Ros Casares, the Russian side UMMC Ekaterinburg, and Italian side Cras Basket. In the United States, she has played for the Seattle Storm after having been selected as a first round draft pick in 2003. She has played professional basketball domestically for the Australian Institute of Sport in 1996–1999, the Sydney Uni Flames from 1999–2001, and 2009–2010, the Townsville Fire in 2001–2002, the Canberra Capitals in 2010–2011, and the Adelaide Lightning in 2011–2013; she will return to the Fire for the 2013–14 season. She has been a member of the Australia women's national basketball team, being named to the team for the first time in 1999. She won a silver medal with the team at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Personal.
Batkovic was born on 17 December 1980 in Newcastle, New South Wales. She is tall. In June 2006, she had nasal surgery.
Batkovic is a close friend of Lauren Jackson. They became best friends after being room mates while on the Australian Institute of Sport team together. Their dorm room was decorated with INXS posters. The pair tried to sneak into concerts together. Jackson was her maid of honour at her wedding.
Batkovic married Matt Brown on 30 May 2009 in Sydney. Her wedding was at the beach and around 100 total guests who attended, including Lauren Jackson.
Basketball.
Batkovic is a forward and center. She has played professional basketball for over ten years. She has won several basketball honours, including being named the 2001 Maher Medal International Player of the Year and the she co-won the 2008 co-winner for the Maher Medal International Player of the Year.
Europe.
Batkovic has played basketball for several European clubs including the she played for the French side, Valenciennes in 2002/2003. That season, they won the French championships and finished at the top of the French League ladder. That season, she averaged 18 minutes a game, 8 points a game and 5 rebounds a game. She played for Valenciennes again during the 2003/2004 season, the year the team won the EuroLeague Championship. For the 2004/2005, she played with the Spanish side Ros Casares. She was with a new side for the 2005/2006 season when she played for the Russian side UMMC Ekaterinburg. That season, she was named to the EuroLeague World All-Star team. In 2007/2008, she again played for Ekaterinburg, Russia. In 2008/2009, she played for the Italian side Cras Basket. She averaged 17.4 points and 7.0 rebounds per game for the season. Her team won the Italian Serie A championship. She earned being named first-team All-EuroCup while with the team.
WNBA.
Batkovic was drafted by the Seattle Storm in 2003 and was 22nd pick overall. She was the only Australian drafted by the WNBA that year. Her friend Lauren Jackson was playing on the team at the time. She did not play a single game with the team in 2003. She did play for the Seattle Storm in 2005. In 29 games where she came off the bench to average 15.9 minutes per game, she averaged 6.9 points per game and 3.2 rebounds per game. She had 85 total fouls that season and 94 total rebounds. She had some problems adjusting to the team in terms of coaching from Anne Donovan. She said: "I had it really hard with Anne. She's very different than what I'm used to, so I did find it difficult. At that stage, coming back wasn't something I wanted to do in my life. Europe is what I focus on for eight months out of the year." That season, she played 461 total minutes, had 76 total field goals, had 174 total field goal attempts, made 45 total free throws on 58 attempts, had 94 total rebounds of which 26 were offensive and 68 defensive. She finished the season with an efficiency rating of 17.7. She took a year off from WNBA basketball in 2008 because of an injury. She signed with the Seattle Storm again in February 2009. Lauren Jackson was instrumental in her decision to sign with the team. In 2009, she played 147 total minutes, had 21 total field goals, had 43 total field goal attempts, made 2 total free throws on 8 attempts, had 29 total rebounds of which 9 were offensive and 20 defensive. She finished the season with an efficiency rating of 5.0.
WNBL.
Batkovic had a scholarship with and played for the Australian Institute of Sport in 1996, 1997 and 1998/1999. She won a WNBL Championship with the team during the 1998/1999 season. She played for the Sydney Panthers in 1999/2000 and 2000/2001 seasons, winning WNBL Championship in 2000/2001. She played for the Townsville Fire in 2001/2002. She played for the Sydney Uni Flames during the 2009/2010 season. That season, she was named to the WNBL's All-Star Five. She was the league's Top Shooter, averaging 24.6 points per game. In a 101-49 win for her team over the Australian Institute of Sport, she scored 21 points. In an October 2009 game against the Adelaide Lightning, she scored 29 points. In an October 2009 game against the AIS, she had 21 points, nine rebounds, five assists and three blocks. Her field goal percentage in the AIS game was 40%. She went 9 for 10 at the free throw line. She joined the Canberra Capitals for the 2010/2011 season, missing several games early in the season due to injury. She was named the WNBL player of the week in rounds 12 and 17. The team were runners up in the league's Grand Finals. She played for the Adelaide Lightning in 2011/2012. In an October 2011 game against the Australian Institute of Sport, she scored 22 points in a 97-47 win for Adelaide. Her team lost to the Dandenong Rangers in the preliminary finals. She played center this season. She was the WNBL League MVP in 2011/2012. She was also named to the WNBL's All-Star Five. This was only the second time in her WNBL career she had earned this honour.
Batkovic repeated as both an All-Star Five member and league MVP in the 2012–13 season. At the end of that season, she became a free agent, and signed a contract to return to the Townsville Fire for the 2013–14 season.
National team.
Batkovic played in her first international for Australia in 1999 and has over 110 caps for the Australian senior team. Batkovic had her first call up to the Australian senior women's team in 1999, and continued to be on the team during 2000 and 2001. As a member of the 2001 team, she earned a gold medal at the FIBA Oceania Women's Championship.
Batkovic was a member of the 2002 Australian Senior Women's Team that won a bronze medal in the World Championships in Spain. In 2003, she was a member of the Australian Women's Senior Team that competed in the Oceania Championship Series. She was again with the team in 2005 and 2006. She was injured in 2006, which prevented her from making the national squad that competed at the World Championships in Brazil. She continued to be named to the squad during 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012. In late July 2011, she played in a three game test series against China played in Queensland. She had 12 points and 9 points in the first game against China that Australia won 73-67. She played in September 2011 three game test series against New Zealand. She was a major factor in the Australian's first game win. In the second game, which Australia won 92-73 in Sydney, she scored 19 points overall, 11 coming in the first half. She won a gold medal at the 2011 FIBA Oceania Championship. She was named to the 2012 Australia women's national basketball team. In February 2012, she was named to a short list of 24 eligible players to represent Australia at the Olympics. In late April and early May 2012, she was one of four Australian "big" players to participate in a special training camp for the team. She participated in the national team training camp held from 14 to 18 May 2012 at the Australian Institute of Sport.
Olympics.
She has represented Australia at the Olympics. She was a member of the Australian senior team that won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics. In March 2007, she was named to the national team what would prepare for the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2008, she participated in the Good Luck Beijing 2008 held in China in the lead up to the Olympics. Her team was joined by national teams from United States, Cuba, Korea, New Zealand and China. She was a member of the 2008 Summer Olympics Australian women's team that won a silver medal at the Olympics. In July 2011, she participated in the Olympic qualification competition. She had not played a game with the team prior to this dating back to the Beijing Olympics. She played in the 2012 Summer Olympic qualifying game against the New Zealand women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="2842747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842747" title="1997 in Australia">
1997 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="2842753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842753" title="Cutoff (steam engine)">
Cutoff (steam engine)

In a steam engine, cutoff is the point in the piston stroke at which the inlet valve is closed. On a steam locomotive, the cutoff is controlled by the reversing gear.
The point at which the inlet valve closes and stops the entry of steam into the cylinder from the boiler plays a crucial role in the control of a steam engine. Once the valve has closed, steam trapped in the cylinder expands adiabatically. The steam pressure drops as it expands. A late cutoff delivers full steam pressure to move the piston through its entire stroke, for maximum start-up forces. But, since there will still be unexploited pressure in the cylinder at the end of the stroke, this is achieved at the expense of engine efficiency. In this situation the steam will still have considerable pressure remaining when it is exhausted resulting in the characteristic “chuff chuff” sound of a steam engine. An early cutoff has greater thermodynamic efficiency but results in a lower Mean effective pressure so less average force on the piston and is used for running the engine at higher speeds. The steam engine is the only thermodynamic engine design that can provide its maximum torque at zero revolutions per minute.
Explanation.
Cutoff is conventionally expressed as percentage of the power stroke of the piston; if the piston is at a quarter of its stroke at the cutoff point, the cutoff is stated as 25%.
Smaller stationary steam engines generally have a fixed cutoff point while, in large ones, the speed and power output is generally governed by altering the cutoff, frequently under governor control using an expansion valve or trip gear. In steam engines for transport, it is desirable to be able to alter the cutoff over a wide range. For starting and at low speed and heavy load, the cylinders need steam supply at maximum pressure for almost the full length of the stroke. In a two-cylinder locomotive, for example, the maximum or 'full gear' cutoff is typically about 85%. At high speeds, the cutoff may be 15% percent of the piston stroke or less. Steam engines used in boats and ships operate under a constant, unvarying load through the propeller and so have a fixed cutoff, with speed being controlled through the regulator. 
Providing variable cutoff is an important function of the valve gear.

</doc>
<doc id="2842756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842756" title="James Carter and the Prisoners">
James Carter and the Prisoners

James Carter (December 18, 1925 – November 26, 2003) was an American singer. He was born a Mississippi sharecropper and as a young man was several times an inmate of the Mississippi prison system. He was paid $20,000, and credited, for a four-decade-old lead-vocalist performance in a prison work song used in the 2000 film "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"
In 1959, Carter was a prisoner in Camp B of Parchman Farm, the notorious Mississippi State Penitentiary in Parchman, Mississippi, when Alan Lomax and Shirley Collins recorded him in stereo sound leading a group of prisoners singing "Po' Lazarus", an African-American "bad man ballad" (which is also a work song), while chopping logs in time to the music. The recording and an iconic cover photograph of the prisoners in striped uniforms were issued on volume nine, "Bad Man Ballads", in Alan Lomax's 1959 "Southern Journey" LP series on Atlantic Records.
Decades later, the recording was licensed for use in the soundtrack to the Coen brothers' film "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" with music produced by T-Bone Burnett. Burnett's soundtrack topped the "Billboard" charts for many weeks and went on to win a Grammy for Album of the Year. Alan Lomax's daughter Anna Lomax Chairetakis (now Anna Lomax Wood), director of the The Alan Lomax Archive, and Don Fleming, director of Licensing for the Archive, hoped that Carter was still alive and determined to track him down:Searching through the archives of the Mississippi penal system, Social Security files, property records and other public records and various databases, the record's producer, T-Bone Burnett; the Lomax archives; and an investigative journalist for a Florida newspaper found Mr. Carter in Chicago with his wife, Rosie Lee Carter, a longtime minister of the Holy Temple Church of God. Chairetakis and Fleming flew to Chicago to personally present Carter with a royalty check. Carter who had spent much of his adult life working as a shipping clerk, told them he did not remember having sung the song 40 years previously. Fleming then informed him that the soundtrack album was outselling the latest CDs of Michael Jackson and Mariah Carey. "I told him, you beat both of them out," Mr. Fleming said. "He got a real kick out of that. He left the room to roll a cigarette and when he came back, he said, You tell Michael that I'll slow down so that he can catch up with me." Carter flew to Los Angeles to attend the Grammy Award ceremony and to Tennessee for the benefit concert held in Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, which featured repeat performances by the performers of other numbers on the soundtrack (although Carter himself did not perform).
As the other prisoners have not been identified (and likely never will be), the official credit for the artist on the soundtrack is for "James Carter & the Prisoners".
Carter died November 26, 2003, in Chicago, at age 77.

</doc>
