<doc id="2846320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846320" title="Auburn Tigers football">
Auburn Tigers football

The Auburn Tigers football team represents Auburn University in the sport of American football. The Auburn Tigers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
Auburn officially began competing in intercollegiate football in 1892. The Tigers joined the Southeastern Conference in 1932 as one of the inaugural members of the conference and the Tigers began competing in the West Division when the conference divided in 1992. Auburn officially claims two national championships, but has been recognized with five national championships from NCAA documented selectors. Auburn has achieved seven perfect seasons, and won twelve conference championships, along with eight divisional championships. The Tigers have made thirty-eight post season bowl appearances; including eight historically major or BCS bowl berths (Sugar, Orange, BCS Championship). The Tigers have the 12th most wins in FBS history with over 700 victories and have finished ranked in the Top 25 of either the AP or Coaches polls 37 times, including 18 top ten finishes (ranked 12th nationally for AP poll top ten finishes).
The Tigers have produced three Heisman Trophy winners: quarterback Pat Sullivan in 1971, running back Bo Jackson in 1985, and quarterback Cam Newton in 2010. Auburn has also produced sixty-six consensus All-American players, many all-conference team selections including All-SEC player and All-SEC academic, multiple MVPs and Rhodes Scholar athletes, and other academic honors. The College Football Hall of Fame has inducted a total of 12 individuals from Auburn, including 8 student-athletes and four head coaches: John Heisman, Mike Donahue, Ralph "Shug" Jordan, and Pat Dye. Ralph "Shug" Jordan, who coached from 1951 to 1975 and led Auburn to its first consensus national championship in 1957, won a total of 176 games, the most by any Auburn coach.
Auburn's home stadium is Jordan–Hare Stadium, which opened in 1939 and becomes Alabama's fifth largest city on gamedays with a capacity of 87,451. Auburn's archrival is in-state foe Alabama. The Tigers and Crimson Tide meet annually in the Iron Bowl, one of the biggest rivalries in all of sports. The Tigers also maintain rivalries with SEC foes Georgia and LSU. The Tigers are currently led by head coach Gus Malzahn, Auburn's offensive coordinator from 2009 to 2011 and during the 2010 national championship season. He returned as head coach on December 4, 2012, following the departure of Gene Chizik. The Tigers are the reigning SEC Champions after defeating #5 Missouri 59–42 in the 2013 SEC Championship Game. Auburn faced #1 Florida State in the 2014 BCS National Championship Game, falling to the undefeated Seminoles, 31-34.
Origins and History.
The organization of Auburn's first football team is credited to George Petrie, who led the 1892 Tigers to a 3–2 record. Petrie also chose burnt orange and navy blue as the official colors for Auburn athletic teams, which was inspired by his alma mater, the University of Virginia. The first game was against the University of Georgia at Piedmont Park in Atlanta, Georgia. Auburn won, 10–0, in front of a crowd of 2,000, in a game that would establish the Deep South's Oldest Rivalry. Auburn met in-state rival Alabama for the first time ever at Lakeview Park in Birmingham, Alabama during the 1893 season, which ended with a 32–22 victory for the Tigers.
Early History (1892–1903).
Auburn was led by nine different coaches over a 12-year span, including John Heisman (1895–1899), for whom the Heisman trophy is named. During five years, Heisman compiled a 12–4–2 record, before departing for Clemson in 1900. Auburn's first conference membership came in 1895, when it joined the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA). The first undefeated season came in 1900, when the Tigers went 4–0 under coach Billy Watkins.
Mike Donahue era (1904–1922).
Mike Donahue became the tenth head coach of the Auburn Tigers. Donahue's tenure at Auburn helped elevate the program to new heights, including the school's first national championship, three SIAA championships, and three undefeated seasons. In 1904, His first team finished with a 5–0 record and a share of the conference championship. The 1907 season would mark the last time Auburn would play Alabama until 1948, after a 7–7 tie between the two rivals. The 1910 team claimed a share of the conference championship with a 6-1 record and was named national champions by minor selector Maxwell Ratings. Donahue's best season came in 1913, when Auburn claimed its first outright conference championship with an 8–0 record. The 1913 Tigers were also named national champions by Billingsley Report, which is recognized by the NCAA records book as Auburn's first national championship. The 1914 team also won a conference championship with an 8–0–1 record, and were named national champions by minor selector Howell Ratings. The Tigers would return to the top of the conference once again in 1919, with an 8–1 record. Auburn moved to the Southern Conference in 1921, one year before Donahue's departure from Auburn in 1922, before becoming the coach at LSU in 1923.
Pitts, Morey, Bohler and Wynne (1923–1933).
Boozer Pitts was promoted from assistant coach to Auburn's head football coach, serving from 1923-1924 and again in 1927. Pitts failed to win more than four games in a single season during his tenure that included an 0-4-2 1927 season.
In September 1925, Dave Morey was hired as the head football coach. Morey was the head coach at Auburn for three years (1925–1927), compiling an overall record of 10–10–1 at the school. The highlight of Morey's tenure with Auburn was a 2–0 win over Bernie Bierman's Tulane squad in the game that dedicated New Orleans' famous Sugar Bowl. In 1927, the Auburn football team lost its starting quarterback, who was expelled after being caught sneaking into the women's dormitory following a night of drunken reverie. The team opened the 1927 season with an 0–3 record, including embarrassing losses to Stetson College and Clemson. At a pep rally six days after the loss to Clemson, Morey announced his resignation.
George Bohler was Auburn's head football coach for two seasons from 1928-1929. He posted a 3-11 record in those two seasons before he was replaced due to the poor record and support.
Chet A. Wynne was Auburn's head football coach for four seasons (1930-1933), posting a 22-15-2 record before departing to take the head football coach position at Kentucky. Wynne's 1932 team posted a 9-0-1 record and won the Southern Conference championship in its final year in the conference before moving to the SEC.
Jack Meagher era (1934-1942).
Jack Meagher came to Auburn from Rice. Auburn's first bowl appearance came in 1936 under Coach Meagher after a 7–2–2 season. The Tigers traveled to Havana, Cuba to play Villanova in the Bacardi Bowl, which ended in a 7–7 tie. Auburn's first bowl win came after the 1937 season against Michigan State in the Orange Bowl. Meagher's final record at Auburn in 48-37-10.
Voyles and Brown (1944-1950).
Due to the events surrounding World War II, Auburn did not field a team in 1943, but resumed competition in 1944 under Carl Voyles. During Earl Brown's tenure, Auburn met Alabama for the first time since 1907, which ended with an Alabama victory. The Tigers quickly responded in 1949, as they stunned the heavily favored Crimson Tide in a 14–13 victory. An 0–10 season in 1950 called for a change, and marked the end of a trying era for Auburn football.
Ralph "Shug" Jordan era (1951–1975).
In 1951, Auburn hired Ralph "Shug" Jordan to become the new head coach of the Tigers. During his first season, Auburn finished with a 5–5 record. He led the Tigers to three consecutive bowl appearances in 1953, 1954, and 1955. Jordan is most recognized for his 1957 squad, which finished the season with a 10–0 record, and won Auburn's first SEC Championship. The Associated Press named the Auburn Tigers no. 1 in its postseason poll, marking the school's first consensus national championship in the modern era. The 1957 Auburn team was ineligible for Bowl participation due to NCAA Sanctions, having been placed on probation indefinitely. The 1958 team was also named national champions by minor selector Montgomery Ratings, after a 9–0–1 season. Auburn went on to appear in bowl games in 1963 and 1965. Beginning in 1968, the Tigers enjoyed seven consecutive bowl appearances under coach Jordan. In 1971, Auburn quarterback Pat Sullivan led the Tigers to a 9–2 record, and became the school's first Heisman Trophy winner. Auburn would go on to lose the 1972 Sugar Bowl to Oklahoma, 40–22. One of Jordan's biggest victories came against Alabama in 1972, when the Tigers shocked the Crimson Tide in a 17–16 upset. The 1972 Iron Bowl became known as the "Punt Bama Punt" game, due to two blocked Alabama punts in the fourth quarter, which were both returned for Auburn touchdowns. In 1973, Auburn's Cliff–Hare Stadium was renamed Jordan–Hare Stadium, which was the first stadium in the nation to be named for an active coach. After the 1975 season, Jordan retired after a 25-year tenure at Auburn, with a 176–83–7 record and a .675 winning percentage. The 176 career wins remain a record for an Auburn coach.
Doug Barfield era (1976–1980).
Following Jordan's retirement, Auburn hired Doug Barfield to become the new head coach. From 1976 to 1980, Barfield's Tigers compiled a 27–27–1 on-field record, with no bowl appearances. He lost all five games to rival Alabama during his tenure, and was later awarded two victories due to forfeits by Mississippi State in 1976 and 1977, making his record 29–25–1. He was dismissed from his position after a disappointing season in 1980, as the Tigers finished with a 5–6 record. Auburn then hired Pat Dye, a former assistant coach at Alabama under Coach Paul W. Bryant, and head coach at Wyoming at the time. During his first season in 1981, Auburn finished with a 5–6 record.
Pat Dye era (1981–1992).
In 1982, Pat Dye led Auburn to a 9–3 record and its first bowl appearance in eight years. The 1982 season would also begin a streak of nine consecutive bowl game appearances. The highlight of the season came against Alabama in the Iron Bowl, when Auburn snapped the Tide's 9-game winning streak. The 1982 Iron Bowl is widely known as the "Bo Over the Top" game, for Auburn running back Bo Jackson's leap over the top of a pile from the one-yard line to secure a 23–22 victory over Alabama. This would be the final Iron Bowl for Alabama's legendary coach, Bear Bryant, who retired after the 1982 season and died on January 26, 1983.
Dye's best season came in 1983, when the Tigers went 11–1, claiming the conference championship. Auburn went on to defeat Michigan in the Sugar Bowl 9–7. Some felt that #3 Auburn should have been crowned the national champions, due to #5 Miami's upset of #1 Nebraska in the Orange Bowl, and #7 Georgia's upset of #2 Texas in the Cotton Bowl. Nonetheless, Miami jumped from No. 5 to No. 1 in both the AP and Coaches polls, while Auburn remained in the No. 3 spot behind #2 Nebraska. The 1983 team is recognized by the NCAA as Auburn's third national championship in school history, citing selectors such as the New York Times and Billingsley Report.
In 1985, running back Bo Jackson would become the school's second Heisman Trophy winner. Auburn would go on to win three consecutive SEC championships in 1987, 1988, and 1989. In 1988, defensive tackle Tracy Rocker became the school's first Lombardi Award winner and also won the Outland Trophy. Pat Dye is credited for organizing the first ever Iron Bowl played in Auburn. On December 2, 1989, Bill Curry's #2 Crimson Tide (10–0) traveled to Jordan–Hare Stadium, which had surpassed the seating capacity of Legion Field, to face the #11 Auburn Tigers, who defeated the Tide, 30–20. The 1989 Iron Bowl would continue a 4-game winning streak over Alabama. Since 1981, Auburn has a 17–15 edge over Alabama in Iron Bowl wins.
Over twelve seasons, Dye achieved a 99–39–4 record, the third highest number of wins in Auburn football history, only behind Mike Donahue and Ralph "Shug" Jordan. In 2005, the playing surface of Jordan–Hare Stadium was named "Pat Dye Field" in honor of Dye's achievements and contributions he made to Auburn during his tenure.
Terry Bowden era (1993–1998).
Following the departure of Pat Dye, Auburn named Samford head coach Terry Bowden, son of legendary coach Bobby Bowden, head coach of the Tigers. In 1993, while serving a one-year television ban and two-year postseason bowl ban due to NCAA probation, Auburn shocked the nation by completing the season with a perfect 11–0 record. The Tigers were not eligible to play in the SEC Championship Game, nor a bowl game, but are recognized by the NCAA as national champions by National Championship Foundation ratings. The most memorable game of the 1994 season was the "Interception Game" versus LSU. In which the Auburn defense intercepted 7 LSU passes, returning 3 for touchdowns in the 4th quarter (Ken Alvis, Fred Smith and Brian Robinson). During the first two seasons under Bowden, the Tigers amassed a 20–1–1 record. After serving two years of probation, Auburn made three consecutive bowl game appearances from 1995 to 1997. Bowden's 1997 team won the SEC Western Division title, and played in the SEC Championship Game, falling to Tennessee, 30–29. In 1998, Bowden faced criticism for recruiting woes, off-the-field issues, and player discipline, which eventually led to his resignation after a 1–5 start on the season. Interim head coach Bill Oliver finished out the season, which ended with a 3–8 record. Bowden compiled a 47–17–1 record at Auburn after six seasons as head coach.
Tommy Tuberville era (1999–2008).
Following the 1998 season, Ole Miss head coach Tommy Tuberville left Oxford to become the new head coach of the Auburn Tigers. In his first season, the Tigers finished with a 5–6 record, but would return to the SEC Championship Game in 2000, following a 9–0 victory over Alabama, which was played in Tuscaloosa for the first time in 99 years. The Tigers fell to Florida, 28–6, but would begin a streak of eight consecutive bowl appearances. Auburn would win a share of the SEC Western Division title in 2001 and 2002. The high point of the 2002 season was Auburn's 17–7 upset victory over Alabama, which began a six-year winning streak over the Tide. Tuberville's 2004 team completed the season with a perfect 13–0 record and an SEC Championship. Auburn was left out of the BCS National Championship Game, due to two other undefeated teams ranked higher, #1 USC (12–0) and #2 Oklahoma (12–0). The Tigers went on to defeat Virginia Tech, 16–13, in the Sugar Bowl, completing Auburn's third perfect season in the modern era of college football. USC defeated Oklahoma, 55–19, to win the national championship; however, they were later stripped of their title due to improper recruiting practices. Auburn finished the season ranked No. 2 in the final AP and Coaches polls. The Tigers were recognized as national champions by various polling organizations, including FansPoll and Golf Digest. Tuberville came under much criticism during the 2008 season for his lackluster performance and coaching staff, including offensive coordinator Tony Franklin, whom he fired after a shocking 14–13 loss to Vanderbilt in October. At that time, the team was 4–2. Auburn finished the year with a 5–7 record, after a disappointing 36–0 loss to rival Alabama in the Iron Bowl, marking the Tide's first victory over Auburn in Tuscaloosa and snapping Auburn's six-year winning streak. Tuberville voluntarily resigned the following week, stating that he would take a year off from coaching. Over ten seasons, Tuberville compiled an 85–40 record at Auburn, while winning one conference championship, five division championships, and completing Auburn's sixth perfect season in school history.
Gene Chizik era (2009–2012).
On December 13, 2008, Athletic Director Jay Jacobs announced Gene Chizik, former Auburn defensive coordinator and then Iowa State head coach, as the new Auburn head coach. He received early criticism for his 5–19 record during his time at Iowa State during 2007 and 2008. He quickly began forming his new coaching staff, including offensive coordinator Gus Malzahn, who had coached the nation's top offense at Tulsa for the previous two seasons. During his first season, Auburn finished with a 7–5 record, and defeated Northwestern 38–35 in the Outback Bowl, its first bowl game since 2007.
Following the 2009 season, Chizik and his staff recruited a top-5 recruiting class, highlighted by junior college transfer quarterback Cam Newton and running back Mike Dyer. Auburn's 2010 "A-Day" spring scrimmage drew a crowd of 63,217 fans to Jordan–Hare Stadium, setting a new spring game attendance record. Auburn, led by quarterback Cam Newton, running back Mike Dyer, and defensive tackle Nick Fairley, completed the regular season with a perfect 12–0 record, highlighted by a comeback victory over Alabama. The Tide led Auburn 24–0 in the first half, only to lose the game in the second half, 28–27. It was the largest lead ever blown by Alabama in Tuscaloosa and the largest ever comeback through the 75-year history of the game. Auburn went on to defeat South Carolina 56–17 in the SEC Championship Game, which secured a spot in the BCS National Championship Game. This would be the first BCS bowl game appearance for Auburn since 2004, when the Tigers were left out of the national championship picture. Cam Newton became the third Heisman Trophy winner in school history, while also winning the AP Player of the Year Award, the Walter Camp Award, the Davey O'Brien Award, the Manning Award, and the Maxwell Award. Nick Fairley became the second Auburn player in school history to win the Lombardi Award. Auburn faced the Oregon Ducks on January 10, 2011 in Glendale, Arizona, which ended with a 22–19 Auburn victory, secured by a game-winning field goal kick by senior Wes Byrum, who also kicked the game-winning field goals against Clemson and Kentucky during the regular season. Auburn finished the season with a perfect 14–0 record, and its first consensus national championship since 1957. Auburn celebrated their national championship with a special ceremony at Jordan–Hare Stadium two weeks following the championship game in Arizona. The coaches and players were honored, along with players from the 1957, 1993, and 2004 undefeated teams. The event drew over 78,000 fans, covering Jordan–Hare Stadium lower decks, spilling into both upper decks. A special "reverse" Tiger Walk and special rolling of Toomer's Corner also took place. After settling down from the magical 2010 season, Chizik and his staff began preparing to defend their national title.
Auburn opened the 2011 season with dramatic wins against Utah State and Mississippi State. Auburn then fell to eventual ACC Champion Clemson on the road in Death Valley, which snapped Auburn's 17-game winning streak, which began on January 1, 2010, vs. Northwestern in Outback Bowl. The Tigers would go on to complete the regular season with a 7–5 record and ranked no. 25 in the final BCS poll, with wins against Florida Atlantic, no. 9 South Carolina, Florida, Ole Miss, and Samford. Auburn fell to Arkansas, LSU (SEC Champions), Georgia (eastern division champion), and arch-rival Alabama (National Champions). The Tigers won their 37th bowl appearance by a score of 43–24 over the Virginia Cavaliers in the 2011 Chick-fil-A Bowl on December 31, 2011. This would be Gus Malzahn's final game as offensive coordinator for Auburn before becoming head coach at Arkansas State. Defensive coordinator Ted Roof would also depart following the 2011 season, leaving for UCF.
Following a 3–9 (0–8 in conference play) season in 2012, the program's worst season in 60 years, Chizik was terminated as head football coach. In addition to the remarkably poor 2012 season, mounting player disciplinary issues and the lack of on-field success delivered from several consecutive highly rated recruiting classes contributed to Chizik's firing. Over his four season tenure as head coach at Auburn, Chizik compiled an overall record of 33–19 (15–17 in conference play), delivering one SEC Championship and a National Championship in 2010 and three consecutive bowl wins from 2009 to 2011 before not qualifying for a bowl in 2012.
Gus Malzahn era (2013–present).
After Gene Chizik's termination at the end of the 2012 season, Athletic Director Jay Jacobs would form a search committee headed by former Auburn Heisman Trophy winners Bo Jackson and Pat Sullivan along with fellow former player Mac Crawford to find the program's next head coach. The committee would go on to unanimously select Arkansas State head coach and former Auburn offensive coordinator from 2009 to 2011 Gus Malzahn. On December 4, 2012 it was officially announced that Malzahn would assume the position of head coach at Auburn University. He is currently in his first season, and has his 2013 Tigers 12–1 and has won the SEC Championship versus the Missouri Tigers. The season was highlighted by two of the greatest plays in Auburn football history. After allowing #25 Georgia to take a 38–37 lead with less than two minutes remaining, quarterback Nick Marshall threw a 73-yard Hail Mary pass to Ricardo Louis for the game-winning touchdown after being tipped up by two Georgia defenders. The Tigers would put the game away in the final 25 seconds and win 43–38 over the Bulldogs. Auburn also defeated #1 Alabama in dramatic fashion. After lobbying for one second to be restored to the game clock in the fourth quarter, tied 28–28 with the Tigers, Alabama head coach Nick Saban chose to attempt a 57-yard game-winning field goal. The Tide was 0–3 in field goal attempts on the day with veteran kicker Cade Foster, thus chose to use Adam Griffith for the final attempt. Griffith's kick did not have the distance and the ball landed in the hands of Chris Davis, who would return the ball unofficially 109 yards endzone to endzone for an Auburn touchdown and seal a victory for the Tigers along with a berth in the SEC Championship Game. Auburn would face #5 Missouri in the 2013 SEC Championship Game, eventually winning 59–42 in an offensive showdown which produced 677 total yards for Auburn, including a 304-yard performance by game MVP Tre Mason. The Tigers faced #1 Florida State in the 2014 BCS National Championship Game in Pasadena, California on January 6, 2014. They lost by a score of 34-31, as Florida State scored the go-ahead touchdown with thirteen seconds remaining in the game. The Tigers finished #2 in both the final AP and Coaches polls.
Recent history.
While Auburn football has a long and storied history, the Tigers have had uneven success in recent years. Since the expansion of the SEC in 1992, Auburn has the fourth highest win percentage in SEC West league play (58.7%), behind Alabama, LSU and Texas A&M, respectively. At of the end of the 2012 season, Auburn teams had won 45 of their last 74 conference match-ups, including 20 of the last 36 SEC away games. When facing their greatest challenge, Auburn teams have won 12 of their last 25 match-ups versus top-10 opponents. The Tigers did well at Jordan–Hare Stadium at night between 2000 and 2009, when they won 24 of 29. Over the past five seasons, Auburn has won 38 out of 64 total games, ranking 41st nationally in winning percentage (59.4%).
2013 season.
Following an abysmal 3-9 season in 2012, Auburn was poised to begin a "new day" under the leadership of head coach Gus Malzahn in 2013. The Tigers were picked to finished fifth in the SEC West, and received no votes in any preseason polls. Auburn would go on to complete what has been coined as the greatest turnaround in college football history, finishing the regular season with an 11-1 record. The only loss came against #6 LSU in a night game at Tiger Stadium, where the Tigers would suffer a 21-35 defeat. The season is best known for Auburn's stellar finishes against rivals Georgia and Alabama, dubbed The Prayer at Jordan-Hare and Kick Bama Kick respectively. Auburn would go on to defeat #5 Missouri 59-42 in the 2013 SEC Championship Game and claim its third conference championship in ten years, the most of any SEC program during that time period. Auburn's offense was anchored by an unstoppable rushing attack under the leadership of running back and Heisman Trophy finalist Tre Mason, who rushed for 1,816 total yards, surpassing Bo Jackson's single-season record of 1,786 yards. Auburn would ultimately face #1 Florida State in the Rose Bowl for the 2014 BCS National Championship Game, falling to the Seminoles in the final seconds, 31-34. Auburn finished the season ranked #2 in both the AP and Coaches final polls after completing a 12-2 turnaround season, which marked its second SEC title and BCS Championship appearance in four years.
Historical ranking.
Auburn has the 13th most wins in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision. In terms of winning percentage, Auburn ranks as the 9th most successful team in the past 25 years with a 71% win rate (213–86–5) and 9th over the last half century (1955–2010) with 69%. Of the 93 current I-A football programs that been active since Auburn first fielded a team 116 years ago, Auburn ranks 14th in winning percentage over that period.
The College Football Research Center lists Auburn as the 14th best college football program in history, with eight Auburn squads listed in Billingsley's Top 200 Teams of All Time (1869–2010). After the 2008 season, ESPN ranked Auburn the 21st most prestigious program in history.
The Associated Press poll statistics show Auburn with the 11th best national record of being ranked in the final AP Poll and 14th overall (ranked 503 times out of 1058 polls since the poll began in 1936), with an average ranking of 11.2. Since the Coaches Poll first released a final poll in 1950, Auburn has 26 seasons where the team finished ranked in the top 20 in both the AP and Coaches Polls.
Heisman links.
Three Auburn players, Pat Sullivan in 1971, Bo Jackson in 1985, and Cam Newton in 2010, have won the Heisman Trophy. The Trophy's namesake, John Heisman, coached at Auburn from 1895 until 1899. Of the eight schools of which Heisman coached (among others, Georgia Tech and Clemson), Auburn is the only school that has produced a Heisman Trophy winner. The Auburn athletic department has announced that it will honor the school's three Heisman winners with statues, along with a bust of coach John Heisman, outside the east side of Jordan-Hare Stadium.
Team championships.
National championships.
Five Auburn teams have been awarded a National Championship by an NCAA documented selector—1913, 1957, 1983, 1993, and 2010. However, only the 1957 title, awarded by the Associated Press, and the BCS National Championship in 2010 are claimed outright by the University.
1913 season.
The 1913 team was coached by Mike Donahue and was undefeated at 8–0, outscoring opponents 224–13. Auburn, led by senior captain Kirk Newell, finished as SIAA champions for the first time in school history. Newell, also a member of the Upsilon Chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha, went on to be a World War I hero and member of the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. The Tigers were retroactively awarded a national title by The Billingsley Report.
1957 season.
The 1957 Auburn Tigers, led by coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, finished with a perfect 10–0 record, marking the school's first ever SEC championship. Auburn was recognized as national champions by the AP Poll even though they were on probation and did not participate in a bowl game. This was the school's first recognized national championship. The 1957 title is shared with Ohio State, who was named the national champion by the Coaches' Poll. This was the first of only two times in the history of the AP championship that it was awarded to a team on probation not allowed to participate in a bowl game (it would occur again in 1974 with Oklahoma).
1983 season.
The 1983 Auburn Tigers, led by head coach Pat Dye and running back Bo Jackson, finished 11–1 after playing the nation's toughest schedule. Their only loss came against #3 Texas, who defeated the Tigers, 20–7. Auburn went on to defeat #8 Michigan, 9–7, in the Sugar Bowl. Despite entering the bowl games ranked third in both major polls, and with both teams ranked higher losing their bowl games, the Tigers ended ranked third in the final AP poll. The New York Times ranked Auburn number one at the conclusion of the season, but several other retroactive polling found Auburn at number 1, including the Billingsley Report. However, the real National Champions for 1983 are universally recognized as the Miami Hurricanes.
1993 season.
Head coach Terry Bowden led the 1993 team to a perfect season in his first year on the Plains. The Tigers were the only undefeated team in major college football, however were banned from playing on television or post-season games due to NCAA violations. Rival Alabama was sent to the SEC Championship Game as the substitute representative of the Western Division. Auburn finished ranked fourth in the nation by the Associated Press but was named a co-National Champion by the National Championship Foundation along with Florida State, Nebraska and Notre Dame. Auburn was on NCAA probation in 1993 and ineligible for post season play.
2010 season.
The Tigers, led by second year head coach Gene Chizik, completed a 12–0 regular season record and defeated South Carolina in the 2010 SEC Championship Game. On October 24, 2010, Auburn was ranked first in the BCS polls for the first time in school history. On January 10, 2011, Auburn defeated Oregon in the BCS National Championship Game in Glendale, Arizona, 22–19, to win their first BCS National Championship, and second claimed national title. Their quarterback, Cam Newton, became a Heisman Trophy winner. He had a total of 2,854 yards passing and 30 passing touchdowns. He also rushed for 1,473 yards and 20 touchdowns.
Summary.
The following table summarizes the source and totals for Auburn's national championship seasons.
Undefeated seasons.
Since its beginnings in 1892, Auburn has completed twelve undefeated seasons. This includes seven (7) perfect seasons in which the Tigers were undefeated and untied.
Conference championships.
Auburn officially recognizes that it has won outright or a share of 12 total conference championships, including 3 SIAA Championships, 1 Southern Conference Championship, and 8 SEC Championships.
Conference affiliations:
Additional championships:
During Auburn's time in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA), three teams tied for a share of the conference championship, though they are not officially recognized by the University:
Divisional championships.
Since divisional play began in 1992, Auburn has won the SEC Western Division championship and gone on to the conference title game on 5 occasions and is 3–2 in the SEC Championship Game. The most recent appearance came in 2013, as Auburn completed the regular season 11–1, and defeated Missouri, 59–42, in the 2013 SEC Championship Game. Auburn has also shared the western division title, but did not play in the championship game due to tiebreakers on 3 occasions. Auburn also finished the 1993 season in first place in the division but was not eligible for the division title.
Rivalries.
Auburn maintains annual rivalry games with SEC foes LSU, Georgia, and Alabama. The Tigers have played Georgia 117 times in the Deep South's Oldest Rivalry, the most of any opponent. Auburn's primary rivalry game is the Iron Bowl against Alabama, a series led by the Tigers 18-14 in games played since 1982. Rivalries with Clemson, Georgia Tech, and Tulane were more prominent during Auburn's membership in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, the Southern Conference, and the early days of the Southeastern Conference. Auburn is 385–316–35 all-time in significant rivalry games.
Traditions.
Tiger Walk.
Before each Auburn home football game, thousands of Auburn fans line Donahue Drive to cheer on the team as they walk from the Auburn Athletic Complex to Jordan–Hare Stadium. The tradition began in the 1950s when groups of kids would walk up the street to greet the team and get autographs. During the tenure of coach Doug Barfield, the coach urged fans to come out and support the team, and thousands did. Today the team walks down the hill and into the stadium surrounded by fans who pat them on the back and shake their hands as they walk. The largest Tiger Walk occurred on December 2, 1989, before the first ever home football game against rival Alabama—the Iron Bowl. On that day, an estimated 20,000 fans packed the one block section of road leading to the stadium. According to former athletic director David Housel, Tiger Walk has become "the most copied tradition in all of college football".
"War Eagle".
There are many stories surrounding the origins of Auburn's battle cry, "War Eagle". The most popular account involves the first Auburn football game in 1892 between Auburn and the University of Georgia. According to the story, in the stands that day was an old Civil War soldier with an eagle that he had found injured on a battlefield and kept as a pet. The eagle broke free and began to soar over the field, and Auburn began to march toward the Georgia end-zone. The crowd began to chant, "War Eagle" as the eagle soared. After Auburn won the game, the eagle crashed to the field and died but, according to the legend, his spirit lives on every time an Auburn man or woman yells "War Eagle!" The battle cry of "War Eagle" also functions as a greeting for those associated with the University. For many years, a live golden eagle has embodied the spirit of this tradition. The eagle was once housed on campus in The A. Elwyn Hamer Jr. Aviary (which was the second largest single-bird enclosure in the country), but the aviary was taken down in 2003 and the eagle moved to a nearby raptor center. The eagle, War Eagle VI (nicknamed "Tiger"), was trained in 2000 to fly free around the stadium before every home game to the delight of fans. The present eagle, War Eagle VII (nicknamed "Nova"), continues the tradition. War Eagle VI is believed to be the inspiration behind the 2005–2006 Auburn Cheerleading squad's chant, "Tigers, Tigers, Gooooooo Tigers!"
Toomer's Corner.
The intersection of Magnolia and College streets in Auburn, which marks the transition from downtown Auburn to the university campus, is known as Toomer's Corner. It is named after Toomer's Drugs, a small store on the corner that has been an Auburn landmark since 1896. Hanging over the corner were two massive old oak trees, planted in 1937, and whenever there was cause for celebration in the Auburn community, toilet paper could usually be found hanging from the trees. Also known as "rolling the corner," this tradition was thought to have originated in the 1970s and until the mid-1990s was relegated to only to celebrating athletic wins.
The oak trees were cut down by the university in April, 2013, as a result of them being poisoned by Harvey Updyke Jr., a fan of rival Alabama.
Wreck Tech Pajama Parade.
The Wreck Tech Pajama Parade originated in the 1930s, when a group of mischievous Auburn ROTC cadets, determined to show up the more well-known engineers from Georgia Tech, sneaked out of their dorms the night before the football game between Auburn and Tech and greased the railroad tracks. According to the story, the train carrying the Georgia Tech team slid through town and didn't stop until it was halfway to the neighboring town of Loachapoka, Alabama. The Georgia Tech team was forced to walk the five miles back to Auburn and, not surprisingly, were rather weary at the end of their journey. This likely contributed to their 45–0 loss. While the railroad long ago ceased to be the way teams traveled to Auburn and students never greased the tracks again, the tradition continues in the form of a parade through downtown Auburn. Students parade through the streets in their pajamas and organizations build floats.
Head coaches.
Auburn has had 25 head coaches, and 1 interim head coach, since it began play during the 1892 season. From 2008 to 2012, Gene Chizik has served as Auburn's head coach. The team has played more than 1,150 games over 119 seasons. In that time, seven coaches have led the Tigers in postseason bowl games: Jack Meagher, Ralph Jordan, Pat Dye, Terry Bowden, Tommy Tuberville, Gene Chizik, and Gus Malzhan. Billy Watkins, Mike Donahue, Chet A. Wynne, Jordan, Dye, Tuberville, Chizik, and Malzhan won a combined twelve conference championships. During their tenures, Jordan and Chizik each won national championships with the Tigers.
Award winners.
A number of Auburn players and coaches have won national awards, including 66 players being named as college football All-Americans. The Tigers also have eleven coaches and players that have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
Retired numbers.
The Tigers have retired three numbers to date, honoring the following players:
While Cam Newton's number 2 is not officially retired, the number has not been worn by any Auburn player since Newton wore it in 2010.
National awards.
Players
Coaches
Tigers in the NFL.
The Dow Jones College-Football Success Index ranked Auburn as the eighth best program in the nation, with the second highest Draft Value which indicate "that a school's players perform better than NFL scouts seem to expect". Auburn has the second most Top 5 NFL Draft picks only behind USC, and The Plains have produced 26 first round draft picks overall.
The Iron Bowl.
The Iron Bowl is played annually on Thanksgiving weekend between Auburn and Alabama, and is widely reckoned as one of the most (if not "the" most) bitter rivalries in college football. The game was first played from 1893 to 1906 but was suspended for 42 years. The game resumed in 1949 and the rivalry has blossomed into one of the biggest games of the year. The winners of the past 5 Iron Bowls have gone on to play in and win the BCS national championship. While Alabama leads the overall series 42-35–1, Auburn has won nine out of 14 meetings since it became a home-and-home series in 2000.
Bowl history.
Auburn football teams have been invited to participate in 38 total bowls and have garnered a record of 22–13–2. Auburn ranks as one of the best programs in the nation in success in bowl games. Auburn ranks 16th in all-time bowl appearances with 37, 10th in all-time bowl wins with 22, and 5th in all-time bowl win percentage (minimum of 20 games) at .622. Most recently, Auburn defeated the Virginia Cavaliers in the Chick-fil-A Bowl, 43–24, on December 31, 2011. Auburn faced #1 Florida State in the 2014 BCS National Championship Game in Pasadena, California on January 6, 2014. They lost by a score of 34-31. It was the Tigers' second BCS Championship appearance in four years.
Future opponents.
Non-division opponents.
Auburn plays Georgia as a permanent non-division opponent annually and rotates around the "East" division among the other six schools. 
Non-conference opponents.
Auburn is scheduled to play the following non-conference opponents in future seasons:

</doc>
<doc id="2846321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846321" title="Great helm">
Great helm

The great helm or heaume, also called pot helm, bucket helm and barrel helm, is a helmet of the High Middle Ages arose in the late twelfth century in the context of the crusades and remained in use until the fourteenth century. They were used by knights and heavy infantry in most European armies between about 1220 to 1540 AD.
History.
In its simplest form, the great helm was a flat-topped cylinder of steel that completely covered the head and had only very small openings for the eyes and mouth. Later designs gained more of a curved design, particularly on the top, to deflect or lessen the impact of blows.
The great helm ultimately evolved from the nasal helmet, which had been produced in a flat-topped variant with a square profile by about 1180. From this type of helmet an intermediate type, called an 'enclosed helmet' or 'primitive great helm', developed near the end of 12th century. In this helmet the expansion of the nasal produced a full face-plate, pierced for sight and breathing. This helmet was largely superseded by the true great helm by c. 1240.
A later variant with a more conical top is known as a 'sugarloaf helm'. In Spanish they are called "yelmo de Zaragoza", referring to Zaragoza where they were introduced for the first time in the Iberian peninsula.
Although the great helm offered vastly superior protection than previous helmets, such as the nasal helm and spangenhelm, it limited the wearer's peripheral vision, and in addition to being heavy, the mass-produced form (flat-topped without ventilation holes) provided little ventilation and could quickly overheat in hot weather. Knights usually wore the great helm over a mail coif (hood) sometimes in conjunction with a close-fitting iron skull cap known as a cervelliere. The later development of the cervelliere, the bascinet, was also worn beneath the great helm; men-at-arms would often remove the great helm after the first clash of lances, for greater vision and freedom of movement in melee combat. The bascinet had a mail curtain attached, a camail or aventail, which superseded the coif. Mail throat and neck defences such as these were made obsolete when plate gorgets were introduced, around 1400.
The bascinet evolved from its early skull cap form to supersede the great helm for combat. The great helm fell into disuse during the 15th century, however it was used commonly in tournaments where a version of the great helm, the frog-mouthed tilting helm, evolved.
Decoration.
The Great Helm was often blackened, lacquered or painted, and frequently bore decorations such as:
Contemporary reenactors.
The great helm is today especially popular amongst live-action role players and in medieval re-enactment such as the Society for Creative Anachronism. It is inexpensive, easy to manufacture with even rudimentary equipment (metal scissors, drill, rudimentary anvil, rivets and hammer), and provides good protection for the head against both sharp and blunt weapons. Its biggest drawbacks are poor ventilation and air circulation, especially if worn with closed-cell foam padding, making it very hot in warm weather.
Modern reenactment versions of great helms weigh 1.5 to 3 kg. For safety reasons, they are made from thicker steel than medieval originals but are not overly heavy, cumbersome, or uncomfortable. Although visor slits are usually only some 20–30 mm wide, they do not greatly restrict the field of vision as they are very close to the wearer's eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="2846322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846322" title="Lebanese–Syrian Security Apparatus">
Lebanese–Syrian Security Apparatus

The Lebanese–Syrian Security Apparatus is a network of intelligence officers and security leaders in Syria and Lebanon that is believed to have been the actual ruling power behind the government during the Syrian Hegemony period that ended in 2005. There is a widespread belief in Lebanon that the security apparatus is behind many assassinations, including that of Rafik Hariri on February 14, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2846331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846331" title="Helminthic therapy">
Helminthic therapy

Helminthic therapy, a type of immunotherapy, is the treatment of autoimmune diseases and immune disorders by means of deliberate infestation with a helminth or with the ova of a helminth. Helminths are parasitic worms such as hookworms and whipworms.
Helminthic therapy consists of the inoculation of the patient with specific parasitic intestinal nematodes (helminths). There are currently four related treatments available. which include inoculation with "Hymenolepis diminuta cysticercoid", "Necator americanus", commonly known as hookworms, or "Trichuris suis" ova (TSO), commonly known as pig whipworm eggs, or inoculation with "Trichuris trichiura" ova, commonly referred to as human whipworm eggs.
Current research and available therapy are targeted at, or available for, the treatment of Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), multiple sclerosis, asthma, eczema, dermatitis, hay fever, and food allergies.
Helminthic infection has emerged as one possible explanation for the low incidence of autoimmune diseases and allergies in less developed countries, together with the significant and sustained increase in autoimmune diseases in industrialized countries.
Incidence of autoimmune diseases and parasitic infestation.
While it is recognized that there is probably a genetic disposition in certain individuals for the development of autoimmune diseases, the rate of increase in incidence of autoimmune diseases is not a result of genetic changes in humans; the rise of autoimmune related diseases in the industrialized world occurring in too short a time to be explained in this way. There is evidence that one of the primary reasons for the increase in autoimmune diseases in industrialized nations is the significant change in environmental factors over the last century. It is posited that the absence of exposure to certain parasites, bacteria, and viruses is playing a significant role in the development of autoimmune diseases in the more sanitized Western industrialized nations. Environmental factors include exposure to certain artificial chemicals from industrial processes, medicines, farming, and food preparation.
Lack of exposure to naturally occurring pathogens and parasites may result in an increased incidence of autoimmune diseases. This is consistent with the hygiene hypothesis. A complete explanation of how environmental factors play a role in autoimmune diseases has still not been proposed. However, epidemiological studies, such as the meta-analysis by Leonardi-Bee et al., have helped to establish the link between parasitic infestation and its protective role in autoimmune disease development.
Genetic research on the interleukin genes (IL genes) shows that helminths have been a major selective force on a subset of these human genes. In other words, helminths have shaped the evolution of at least parts of the human immune system, especially the genes responsible for Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and celiac disease — and provides further evidence that it is the absence of parasites, and in particular helminths, that has likely caused a substantial portion of the increase in incidence of diseases of immune dysregulation and inflammation in industrialized countries in the last century.
Hypothesis.
Although the mechanism of autoimmune disease development is not fully defined, there is broad agreement that the majority of autoimmune diseases are caused by inappropriate immunological responses to innocuous antigens, driven by a branch of the immune system known as the TH1 type immune response. Extra-cellular antigens primarily trigger the TH2 response, as observed with allergies, while intracellular antigens trigger a TH1 response. The relationship between these two types of immune response is a central theme of the hygiene hypothesis, which suggests that there is a regulatory action between the two types of response. However, the observation that allergies and autoimmune response are increasing at a similar rate in industrialized nations appears to undermine the hygiene hypothesis.
A refinement of the hygiene hypothesis, which overcomes this apparent contradiction, is the "old friends hypothesis." The old friends hypothesis modifies the hygiene hypothesis by proposing that T regulator cells can only become fully effective if they are stimulated by exposure to microorganisms and parasites that have low levels of pathogenicity and that have coexisted universally with human beings throughout our evolutionary history. This hypothesis has recently been given more credibility by a study demonstrating the impact of infectious organisms, and helminths in particular, upon genes responsible for the production of various cytokines, some involved in the regulation of inflammation, in particular those associated with the development of Crohn's Disease, ulcerative colitis, and celiac disease.
The hygiene hypothesis proposes that appropriate immune response is in part learned by exposure to these microorganisms and parasites, and in part regulated by their presence. In industrialized nations, humans are exposed to somewhat lower levels of these organisms. The development of vaccines, hygienic practices, and effective medical care have diminished or eliminated the prevalence and impact of many parasitic organisms, as well as bacterial and viral infections. This has been of obvious benefit with the effective eradication of many diseases that have plagued human beings. However, while many severe diseases have been eradicated, humans' exposure to benign and apparently beneficial parasites has also been reduced commensurately. The central thrust of the hypothesis is, therefore, that correct development of T regulator cells in individuals may depend on exposure to organisms such as lactobacilli, various mycobacteria, and helminths. Lack of exposure to sufficient benign antigens, particularly during childhood, is sometimes suggested as a cause of the increase in autoimmune diseases and diseases for which chronic inflammation is a major component in the industrialized world.
Research.
Helminthic therapy is currently being studied as a treatment for several (non-viral) auto-immune diseases including celiac disease, Crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis, ulcerative colitis, and atherosclerosis.
Hookworms have been linked to reduced risk of developing asthma, while "Ascaris lumbricoides" (roundworm infection) was associated with an "increased" risk of asthma.

</doc>
<doc id="2846351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846351" title="Alan Sparhawk">
Alan Sparhawk

Alan Sparhawk is the guitarist and vocalist for Minnesota bands Low and Retribution Gospel Choir.
Biography.
George Alan Sparhawk (goes by Alan) was born in Seattle, Washington and grew up in Utah. He met Mimi Parker when he was 9, after his family moved to Minnesota. Sparhawk began writing his own compositions around the age of 13. He later married Parker, and eventually began performing with her in the band Low, releasing their first album in 1994. As of 2014, Low has released ten full-length studio albums. Low is an American indie rock group from Duluth, Minnesota, formed in 1993. As of 2010, the group is composed of founding members Sparhawk (guitar and vocals) and Mimi Parker (drums and vocals), joined by newer addition Steve Garrington (bass guitar).
The music of Low is characterized by slow tempos and minimalist arrangements. Early descriptions sometimes referred to it as rock subgenre called "slowcore". However, Low's members ultimately disapproved of the term.
Parker and Sparhawk's striking vocal harmonies represent perhaps the group's most distinctive element; critic Denise Sullivan writes that their shared vocals are "as chilling as anything Gram and Emmylou ever conspired on—though that's not to say it's country-tinged, just straight from the heart."
Sparhawk is also a member of the blues-roots band Black Eyed Snakes, the blues-dub jam band Los Besos, and the rock band Retribution Gospel Choir. He also occasionally plays solo shows in his hometown. As a solo artist, Sparhawk released his debut album entitled "Solo Guitar" in August, 2006. He also released a track on a various artists compilation "Songs for the End of the World" as Hollis M. Sparhawk & Her Father, and the track "Be Nice To People With Lice" on the various artists compilation album "See You on the Moon!". In 2007 he did a Take-Away Show acoustic video session shot by Vincent Moon.
Sparhawk has done charity work with the Maasai tribe in Kenya. After a friend of his became a friend of the village of Namuncha, he played a Christmas show in order to raise funds to build a school there, where students had previously been meeting in the shade outside. He calls the experience of visiting the Maasai one of the most spiritual of his life. Alan and Mimi live in Duluth, Minnesota, with their two children. They are members of the Mormon faith, about which Sparhawk has said, "our spiritual beliefs encompass our whole life and understanding of who we are and what we do." In 2012, Sparhawk, along with violist and vocalist Gaelynn Lea, created the group The Murder of Crows. Their first album, Imperfecta was released June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2846357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846357" title="Sant'Agnese fuori le mura">
Sant'Agnese fuori le mura

The church of Saint Agnes Outside the Wall () is a titulus church, minor basilica in Rome, on a site sloping down from the Via Nomentana, which runs north-east out of the city, still under its ancient name. What is said to be the remains of Saint Agnes's are below the high altar. The church is over one of the catacombs of Rome, where Agnes was originally buried, and which still may be visited from the church. The church was built by Pope Honorius I in the 7th century, and largely retains its original structure, despite many changes to the decoration. In particular the mosaic in the apse of Agnes, Honorius and another Pope is largely in its original condition. The current Cardinal Priest of the "Titulus S. Agnetis Extra moenia" is Camillo Ruini.
History.
A very large basilica was built some metres from the present church in the 4th century, to which was attached the large private mausoleum for Constantina, the daughter of Constantine I. The mausoleum was later converted into a church, which survives and is now known as Santa Costanza (she was venerated as a saint, even though she was not one officially). It contains very important 4th century mosaics, especially large areas of ceiling in a secular style, but also two small apse mosaics, one including an early depiction of Jesus in what has become the standard style of long fair hair and a halo. 
The large basilica decayed during the decline of Rome, and was replaced in the 7th century by the present much smaller church, commissioned by Pope Honorius I. The lower part of the walls from about half of one side of the Constantinian basilica, and its apse, can still be seen. The new church was over what was believed to be Agnes' grave. The floor level of the 7th-century church is some two metres above the level of the catacomb floor, and the public street entrances are at the level of the 2nd floor gallery. A long wide internal set of steps, lined with inscriptions from the catacombs and other ancient buildings set into the walls, leads down from the street level to the floor level of the church. The apse mosaic from Honorius' time is still present, and less affected by restoration than most mosaics of this date. On a gold ground, a central standing figure of Agnes in the costume of a Byzantine empress is flanked by Honorius, offering a model of the building, and another pope, whose identity is uncertain. The church was also built with a separate upper gallery for women ("matronaeum"), similar to that of San Lorenzo fuori le mura. Saint Emerentiana was also buried here.
The catacombs are on three levels, dating from the 2nd to the 5th centuries; part of the highest level dating to the 2nd century can be visited by a guided tour. Though no paintings remain in place, there are a number of inscriptions and engraved images of interest. Many more inscriptions line the large staircase leading from the main convent above to the church.
It is in this church that on the feast day of St. Agnes (January 21), two lambs are specially blessed, usually by the pope after a pontifical high Mass; their wool is later woven into pallia, ceremonial neck-stoles sent by the popes to newly-elevated Metropolitan-archbishops to symbolise their union with the papacy.
The church is currently administrated by a French traditionalist order, the Canons Regular of San Giovanni in Laterano.
In legend and literature.
The church is the topic of Canadian author and anthropologist Margaret Visser's book "The Geometry of Love", published in 2000, which describes it in exhaustive detail and discusses aspects of history, theology, architecture, symbolism and the emotional and aesthetic effects of visiting the church.

</doc>
<doc id="2846363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846363" title="Porta San Paolo">
Porta San Paolo

The Porta San Paolo is one of the southern gates in the 3rd-century Aurelian Walls of Rome, Italy. The Ostiense Museum is housed within the gatehouse. Just to the west is the Pyramid of Cestius, an Egyptian-style pyramid, and beyond that is the Protestant Cemetery.
History.
The original name of the gate was Porta Ostiensis because it was located of the beginning of via Ostiense, the road that connected Rome and Ostia where functioned as its main gate. Via Ostiense was an important arterial road as evidenced by the fact that upon entering the gate of the same name, the road split, with one direction leading to the famous Roman Emporium, the great market of Rome.
The gatehouse is flanked by two cylindrical towers, and has two entrances, which had been covered by a second, single-opening gate, built in front of the first by Belisarius (530s–540s).
The structure is due to Maxentius, in the 4th century, but the two towers were heightened by Honorius. Its original — Latin — name was "Porta Ostiensis", since it opened on the way to Ostia. Later, it was renamed to the Italian "Porta San Paolo", because it was the exit of Rome that led to the St. Paul basilica outside the walls.
In 549, the Rome was under siege; the Ostrogoths of Totila entered through this gate, because of the treason of the Isaurian garrison. On 10 September 1943, two days after the armistice between the Allies and Italy had been agreed, Italian military and civil forces tried to block German seizure of the city, with 570 casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="2846365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846365" title="Charles Petzold">
Charles Petzold

Charles Petzold (born February 2, 1953, New Brunswick, New Jersey) is an American programmer and technical author on Microsoft Windows applications. He is also a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional.
Biography.
He graduated with a Master of Science in Mathematics from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1975. Aside from writing books about Windows programming he has contributed to various magazines about computers.
He had an interest in electronic music and in 1977 started building electronic music instruments out of CMOS chips. In 1979, Petzold started building a computer-controlled digital electronic music synthesizer based on the Intel 8080 microprocessor. This experience of digital circuitry and assembly language programming formed the basis of his book "Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software".
Petzold purchased a two-diskette IBM PC in 1984 for $5,000. This debt encouraged him to use the PC to earn some revenue so he wrote an article about ANSI.SYS and the PROMPT command. This was submitted to PC Magazine for which they paid $800. This was the beginning of Petzold's career as a paid writer.
In 1984, PC Magazine decided to do a review of printers. They asked all current New York contributors to help with the review. Petzold showed the staff some small assembly-language programs he had written. Soon he was busy writing little 300-500 byte .COM file utilities for PC Magazine.
Petzold was soon getting so much freelance work from PC Magazine that he was able to quit his job. 
Microsoft then decided that "Microsoft Systems Journal" would cover both DOS and Windows programming. "Jonathan Lazarus" who contracted with Microsoft knew a few PC Magazine authors so he recruited Petzold to write some articles. Petzold wrote the article "A Step-by-Step Guide to Building Your First Windows Application"" for MSJ, Vol.1, No. 2 (December 1986) which he believes was the first article about Windows programming to appear in a magazine.
Petzold told some people at a Microsoft-related function that he really enjoyed writing this type of article. This news was relayed to Microsoft Press editor-in-chief "Susan Lammers". This resulted in Petzold being contracted to write the first edition of "Programming Windows" from January until August 1987. 
After seven years of being engaged Petzold married Deirdre Sinnott on October 28, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2846369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846369" title="United States Senate election in Washington, 2006">
United States Senate election in Washington, 2006

The 2006 United States Senate election in Washington was held on November 7, 2006. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell won re-election to a second term.
Background.
The filing deadline was July 28, 2006, with the primary held on September 19, 2006. Cantwell consistently led in polling throughout the race, although political analysts saw her as vulnerable this election cycle due to her extremely narrow win in 2000 and discontent among progressive voters. In November, The National Journal ranked Cantwell's seat as number 13 of the top 20 races to watch based on the likelihood of switching party control, and the third-highest Democratic seat likely to flip. However, in an election marked by discontent over the Republican leadership in D.C., Cantwell easily won by a 17% margin of victory.
Statewide politics in Washington have been dominated by the Democratic Party for many years. The governor, lieutenant governor, treasurer, state auditor, and insurance commissioner are Democrats, while only secretary of state, attorney general, and commissioner of public lands are Republican. Of the nine representatives Washington sends to the House of Representatives, six are Democrats. Democrat Patty Murray is the state's senior senator. Cantwell won her initial election to the Senate in 2000 over Slade Gorton by 2,229 votes. Due to the closeness of that race, and the close gubernatorial contest between Democrat Christine Gregoire and Republican Dino Rossi in November 2004, many Republicans believed they had a strong chance of capturing Cantwell's seat in 2006.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
On March 9, 2006, Aaron Dixon announced his decision to seek the Green Party's nomination for U.S. Senate, challenging Cantwell on her continued support for the U.S. presence in Iraq and the USA PATRIOT Act. On May 13, 2006, Mr. Dixon secured the party's nomination at the Green Party of Washington state's Spring Convention.
Initially, Cantwell had two challengers from within the Democratic primary, both of them taking strong stances against the Iraq war that brought attention to Cantwell's votes for the Iraq Resolution and against a timeline for withdrawal: Mark Wilson and Hong Tran. Three other Democrats also entered the primary race: Mike the Mover, Michael Goodspaceguy Nelson, and Mohammad H. Said.
On August 8, 2006, the incumbent Democratic Senator from Connecticut, Joe Lieberman, lost his primary race to challenger Ned Lamont by 52%-48%, and appears to be following through on his earlier commitment to run as an Independent in the general election. A great deal of attention has focused on this race, as an early barometer of both anti-incumbent and anti-war sentiment nationwide. Comparisons have been made between Lieberman's troubles and Cantwell's re-election bid, citing Cantwell's vote in favor of the Iraq Resolution that led to the war, her refusal to say she regretted the vote, and her vote against a timetable for withdrawal.
Unlike Lamont's campaign, Cantwell's anti-war opponents' campaigns have received much less funding and have not had the same support from the blogosphere that brought Lamont to prominence and improved his name recognition. Also, unlike Lieberman, Cantwell has altered her position on the war during her campaign and criticized the Bush Administration for its conduct of the war. She also hired her most vocal anti-war primary opponent, Mark Wilson, at $8,000-a-month salary, a move that was described by political commentators as "buying out" the opposition (which she also allegedly attempted with other anti-war challengers Hong Tran and Aaron Dixon). The article does, however, note that, despite the differences in exact circumstances, the Lieberman defeat also shows that voters are in an anti-incumbent mood, which could create problems for Cantwell. This is supported by another P-I article that also notes that the primary loss of Lieberman and two House incumbents, Michigan Republican Joe Schwarz and Georgia Democrat Cynthia McKinney, on the same day indicates that there may be a nationwide anti-incumbent trend.
Following the primary results, Cantwell endorsed Ned Lamont and McGavick responded by endorsing Senator Lieberman. The Dixon campaign released a statement criticizing Cantwell's "spin and vague rhetoric" on the war, and equating her current position to a pro-war stance similar to Lieberman's.
On August 14, less than a week after Lamont's win and nearly four years after the actual event, Cantwell for the first time said she would have voted against the authorization to use force in Iraq if she knew then what she knows today. However, she did so only after hearing her opponent McGavick say that he would have voted against the authorization under those conditions. Cantwell has stated that she had no regrets for her vote in favor of the authorization and has not changed that position.
On July 9, anti-war challenger Mark Wilson announced he would abandon his bid, endorse Cantwell, and take a paid position offered by Cantwell's campaign, one day after progressive activist and anti-war critic Dal LaMagna had been hired to be the Cantwell campaign's co-chair. Initially, Cantwell's campaign refused to state how much they were paying Wilson, but under pressure from the media, disclosed that he was receiving $8,000 per month, only slightly less than Cantwell's campaign manager Matt Butler, who earns $8,731 per month. The next day, Hong Tran received a call from LaMagna saying they would like her to join their campaign, in a context that she interpreted as a job offer, which she refused. Political commentators, including those at the Seattle Post Intelligencer and one at The Washington Times, expressed their views that Cantwell was attempting to eliminate the viable options anti-war Democrats had to voice their opinion on the war in the upcoming primary by having Wilson join her campaign and then soliciting Tran.
Wilson's supporters and journalists expressed surprise at his withdrawal from the race after a 16 month campaign, where he was a sharp critic of the incumbent Senator, who he referred to on his campaign website as a "free-trading corporate elitist" who "bought her seat", then "alienated and alarmed" her base. When asked by reporters if he still believed what he said about Cantwell during his primary bid, he stated: "I believed in it to a point in order to capitalize on what was already existent, which was a rift within the Democratic Party over the issue of the war." Both Dixon and Tran have publicly doubted that Wilson's apparent change of heart was genuine, citing his paid position with the campaign and his initial refusal to disclose his salary.
On September 25, Joshua Frank reported that Dixon was alleging that he had been contacted twice in July by Mark Wilson, who implied that large donations to Dixon's non-profit organization, Central House, would be made if he were to withdraw his candidacy before filing. Dixon also claimed that Wilson was not the only Cantwell staffer to contact him, but declined to disclose who the other staff was. Dixon also made this claim on a Democracy Now! broadcast. David Postman of the Seattle Times contacted the Cantwell campaign about the allegations; their spokesperson didn't say it didn't happen, but stated that no one on the campaign had authorized to speak to Dixon about his campaign. The campaign did not allow access to Wilson so he could respond as to whether the conversation took place. Other reporters also have had trouble contacting Wilson in recent weeks; Susan Paynter of the Seattle P-I, in an article on his shunning of the media, noted that there had been a widespread assumption after Wilson's hire that the intent was to silence him and that his disappearance only reinforced this assumption, calling it "the political equivalent of a farm subsidy." Paynter also quoted Hong Tran as saying that the reaction to Wilson's initial appearances on the campaign trail after he had joined Cantwell were so negative that she was not surprised he disappeared.
While some of Washington's legislative districts did not give endorsements for the primary election, Cantwell received the sole endorsement of at least fourteen of the forty-nine legislative districts in the state. Hong Tran won the sole endorsement of one district, the 32nd (Cantwell's home district), and split dual endorsements with Cantwell in three others: the 40th, 25th, and 26th. Tran attended the endorsement meeting for the 32nd Legislative District in person and, according to one blogger who claims to have spoken to people who attended the meeting, made her positions clear and responded to questions. According to the blogger, Cantwell sent Mark Wilson in her stead, who was unable to defend Cantwell's votes in favor of the USA PATRIOT Act, NAFTA, CAFTA, and the Iraq War.
On September 19, after her defeat in the Democratic primary, Hong Tran lamented to the Seattle Times of "how undemocratic the Democratic Party really is" saying the state Democratic party had tried to keep her from getting attention, forbidding her from putting up signs at Coordinated Campaign events and not giving her access to the state party voter rolls. Cantwell, whose campaign hired two of her early critics, had also refused to debate Tran. When asked before the primary whether she would endorse the senator if her primary bid proved unsuccessful, Tran had responded, "certainly not."
Results.
From the Washington Secretary of State 
Republican primary.
Background.
In early hypothetical matchups in 2005 compiled by conservative pollster Strategic Vision, Rossi led Cantwell. Republican leadership reportedly pleaded with Rossi to jump into the ring. Rossi declined.
Speculation next centered on Rick White (who had taken Cantwell's House seat in 1994), state GOP chair Chris Vance, former Seattle television reporter Susan Hutchinson, and former 8th district Congressional candidate and Republican National Committee member Diane Tebelius. None of those chose to enter the race. Republican leaders finally got behind former Safeco Insurance CEO Mike McGavick.
Results.
From the Washington Secretary of State 
General election.
Debates.
McGavick and Cantwell participated in two televised debates; one in Eastern Washington, sponsored by the Spokane Rotary, and another filmed at KING-5 studios in Seattle. Cantwell and McGavick were the only candidates included in the Eastern Washington debate, but Libertarian Bruce Guthrie, who had mortgaged his home and emptied his savings to loan his campaign $1.2 million to meet the debate's invitation requirements, joined them in the Seattle debate.
After failing to meet any of the requirements for an invitation to the Seattle debate, Aaron Dixon attempted to enter the KING-5 studios in order to participate in the debate. Accompanied by around 50 of his supporters, Dixon was prevented from entering the studios by station security and when Dixon refused to leave the building Seattle police were called and Dixon was arrested for investigation of trespassing.
According to the "Seattle P-I", Bruce Guthrie won the Seattle debate just by being there. McGavick and Cantwell mainly stuck to their tried and true campaign messages and Guthrie was able to expose his campaign messages to a wide audience, something most third-party candidates are not able to do.
Platform.
Iraq War.
According to a CBS News poll conducted August 11 - August 13, 28% of Americans feel that the Iraq War as the most important problem facing the country. A November 6 poll conducted by Strategic Vision indicated that 68% of Washingtonians approve of an "immediate withdrawal of United States military forces from Iraq, within six months".
Both McGavick and Cantwell have said that if they knew then what they know now they would have voted against the October 2002 Iraq Resolution, but neither have been completely clear on where they stand on the current presence of US troops in Iraq. When questioned further, McGavick has said that discussing the legitimacy of the war is inappropriate until all the troops come home. Cantwell has declined to apologize for her vote in favor of the resolution and, according to her campaign site, Cantwell still favors U.S. forces remaining in Iraq until they "achieve stability through greater international cooperation".
Cantwell has voted in favor of beginning withdrawal of troops, albeit a non-binding amendment with no timetable for completion (the Levin-Reed Amendment to S.2766), but voted against the Kerry-Feingold Amendment, which would have set a firm deadline of July 2007 for completing a withdrawal. She also co-sponsored an amendment to prohibiting the establishment of permanent US bases in Iraq.
On August 16, the "Seattle Times" criticized the vagueness of the major party candidates' positions on the war and demanded more clarity. The next day, Stuart Elway, director of The Elway Poll, described Cantwell's and McGavick's positions as "almost identical,".
Democratic primary challenger Tran, the Green Party's Dixon and Libertarian Guthrie all advocated an immediate withdrawal of troops from Iraq.
Minimum wage.
Despite voting against a bill that would have raised the minimum wage, extended sales tax deductions, and cut estate taxes, Cantwell supports an increase in the federal minimum wage. She explained her vote against the bill by noting that the bill would have represented a $5 per hour wage drop for over 120,000 tip workers in Washington and overridden existing state minimum wage laws and was an attempt by the Republican party to pass its estate tax cut bill, which continuously failed to pass on its own in the senate.
McGavick called Cantwell's vote against the bill "profoundly disappointing".
Democratic challenger Tran and the Green Party's Dixon favored raising the national minimum wage to a "living wage". Libertarian Guthrie advocated eliminating the minimum wage laws altogether.
Millionaire Amendment.
On August 11, Mike McGavick loaned his campaign $2 million. Some observers thought that the donation could trigger "millionaire's amendment" of the 2002 Campaign Reform Act which is intended to help candidates compete against wealthy opponents that self-finance their campaigns. The amendment allows supporters of the wealthy candidate's opponents to donate up to $12,600 in the primary and another $12,600 in the general election instead of $2,100 in the primary and general election. The McGavick campaign denied the amendment applies to Cantwell as the loan was made prior to the primary election and would only affect his Republican opponents.
On August 29, the FEC issued a unanimous ruling on the question, saying that the millionaire's amendment was currently only triggered for McGavick's opponents in the primary; however, if either McGavick or Cantwell carry over some of their donations to their own campaign that were made in the primary into the general election, these donations would then trigger the Amendment.
On October 1, Libertarian nominee Bruce Guthrie loaned his campaign nearly $1.2 million, but it is unclear if the loan triggers the amendment for McGavick and Cantwell. Both Cantwell and McGavick have a significant fund raising lead over Guthrie and the amendment might not be triggered in cases where the self-financed candidate is already out funded by their opponents. Guthrie apparently made the loan in order to get himself invited to a televised debate on a western Washington television station and he eventually repaid himself all but $6,000 of the loan.
McGavick's DUI arrest.
The McGavick campaign suffered a setback when on August 24 McGavick claimed on his campaign blog to have been cited in 1993 and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol when he blew a 0.17 in a breath analyzer test, well above the .10 legal limit in Montgomery County, Maryland. The DUI charge was later removed from McGavick's record, in accordance with Maryland law, after completing an alcohol awareness program, paying a fine, and a year's probation. According to Jennifer Duffy of the The Cook Political Report, McGavick's undermined the rationale of his campaign that he was not acting like a typical politician and his omissions caused cynical voters to think he acted like a typical politician.
Fundraising.
Totals as of December 18, 2006:
Results.
From the Washington Secretary of State [http://vote.wa.gov/Elections/general/Results.aspx?o=8f43af96-81c1-47c6-8b5f-3ad9dee0e6ad]

</doc>
<doc id="2846371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846371" title="William Opdyke">
William Opdyke

William F. (Bill) Opdyke is a computer scientist. His Ph.D. thesis, "Refactoring Object-Oriented Frameworks", was the first in-depth study of code refactoring as a software engineering technique.
After had received a B.S. from Drexel University and an M.S. from University of Wisconsin at Madison, Opdyke got his Ph.D. from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1992.
Opdyke has worked as a researcher at Bell Labs, as a computer science professor at North Central College in Naperville, Illinois, and for Motorola in Schaumberg, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="2846372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846372" title="Cusano Milanino">
Cusano Milanino

Cusano Milanino is a town and "comune" in the province of Milan, in Lombardy. It borders Paderno Dugnano, Cinisello Balsamo, Cormano and Bresso.
In Cusano Milanino lives Giovanni Trapattoni, the former coach of the Ireland football team, and Gerry Scotti, a famous Italian showman
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2846373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846373" title="Concurrent validity">
Concurrent validity

Concurrent validity is a type of evidence that can be gathered to defend the use of a test for predicting other outcomes. It is a parameter used in sociology, psychology, and other psychometric or behavioral sciences. Concurrent validity is demonstrated when a test correlates well with a measure that has previously been validated. The two measures may be for the same construct, but more often used for different, but presumably related, constructs. 
The two measures in the study are taken at the same time. This is in contrast to predictive validity, where one measure occurs earlier and is meant to predict some later measure. In both cases, the (concurrent) predictive power of the test is analyzed using a simple correlation or linear regression.
Alignment with Classical Conceptions of Validity.
Concurrent validity and predictive validity are two types of criterion-related validity. The difference between concurrent validity and predictive validity rests solely on the time at which the two measures are administered. Concurrent validity applies to validation studies in which the two measures are administered at approximately the same time. For example, an employment test may be administered to a group of workers and then the test scores can be correlated with the ratings of the workers' supervisors taken on the same day or in the same week. The resulting correlation would be a concurrent validity coefficient. This type of evidence might be used to support the use of the employment test for future selection of employees. 
Concurrent validity may be used as a practical substitute for predictive validity. In the example above, predictive validity would be the best choice for validating an employment test, because using the employment test on existing employees may not be a strong analog for using the tests for selection. Reduced motivation and restriction of range are just two possible biasing effects for concurrent validity studies. 
Contrasting similar terms.
Concurrent validity differs from convergent validity in that it focuses on the power of the focal test to "predict" outcomes on another test or some outcome variable. Convergent validity refers to the observation of strong correlations between two tests that are assumed to measure the same construct. It is the interpretation of the focal test as a "predictor" that differentiates this type of evidence from convergent validity, though both methods rely on simple correlations in the statistical analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="2846380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846380" title="Pietro Bordino">
Pietro Bordino

Pietro Bordino (November 22, 1887 – April 16, 1928) was an Italian racecar driver.
A native of Turin, Bordino won the 1922 Italian Grand Prix and also raced in the 1925 Indianapolis 500, finishing 10th, among his 10 AAA Championship Car starts in the United States. He died in 1928 during practice for a race at Alessandria after he hit a dog, causing his car to overturn and land in a river, drowning him.

</doc>
<doc id="2846382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846382" title="Sant'Agnese in Agone">
Sant'Agnese in Agone

Sant'Agnese in Agone (also called Sant'Agnese in Piazza Navona) is a 17th-century Baroque church in Rome, Italy. It faces onto the Piazza Navona, one of the main urban spaces in the historic centre of the city and the site where the Early Christian Saint Agnes was martyred in the ancient Stadium of Domitian. Construction began in 1652 under the architects Girolamo Rainaldi and his son Carlo Rainaldi. After numerous quarrels, the other main architect involved was Francesco Borromini.
The church is a titular deaconry, with Gerhard Ludwig Müller being the current Cardinal-Deacon. 
History.
The rebuilding of the church was begun in 1652 at the instigation of Pope Innocent X whose family palace, the Palazzo Pamphili, faced onto the piazza and was adjacent to the site of the new church. The church was to be effectively a family chapel annexed to their residence (for example, an opening was formed in the drum of the dome so the family could participate in the religious services from their palace).
The first designs for a centralised Greek Cross church were prepared by the Pamphili family architect, Girolamo Rainaldi, and his son Carlo Rainaldi in 1652. They reorientated the main entrance to the church from the Via Santa Maria dell’Anima, a street set one urban block away from the piazza, to the Piazza Navona, a large urban space that Innocent was transforming into a showcase associated with his family. It had been the intention to build the new church over the old church which would become the crypt; this meant the new church was to be raised well above piazza level, but this idea was abandoned once construction started. The original drawings are lost but it is thought that the Piazza Navona facade design included a narthex between two towers and broad stairs descending to the piazza.
Harsh criticism was made of the design, including the steps down to the piazza which were thought to project excessively, so Carlo Rainaldi eliminated the narthex idea and substituted a concave facade so that the steps would not be so intrusive. The idea of the twin towers framing a central dome may be indebted to Bernini's bell towers on the facade of Saint Peter's basilica. Nonetheless, Rainaldi's design of a concave facade and a central dome framed by twin towers was influential on subsequent church design in Northern Europe. In 1653, the Rainaldis were replaced by Borromini.
Borromini had to work with the Rainaldi ground plan but made adjustments; on the interior for instance, he positioned columns towards the edges of the dome piers which had the effect of creating a broad base to the dome pendentives instead of the pointed base which was the usual Roman solution. His drawings show that on the façade to Piazza Navona, he designed curved steps descending to the piazza, the convex curvature of which play against the concave curvature of the façade to form an oval landing in front of the main entrance. His façade was to have eight columns and a broken pediment over the entrance. He designed the flanking towers as single storey, above which there was to be a complex arrangement of columns and convex bays with balustrades. 
By the time of Innocent's death in 1655, the façade had reached the top of the lower order. Innocent's nephew, Camillo Pamphili, failed to take interest in the church and Borromini became disheartened, eventually leading to his resignation in 1657.
Carlo Rainaldi was reappointed and made a number of modifications to Borromini's design including an additional storey to the flanking towers and simplifying their uppermost parts. On the death of Camillo, his wife Olympia (Aldobrandini), commissioned Bernini to take over. He was responsible for the straightforward pediment above the main entrance and for the emphatic entablature in the interior.
In 1668, Olympia's son, Camillo, took over responsibility for the church. He reinstated Carlo Rainaldi as architect and engaged Ciro Ferri to create frescoes for the interior of the dome. Further decorations were added; there were large scale sculptures and polychrome marble effects. None of these are likely to have been intended by Borromini.
Interior.
The dome's frescoes with the "Assumption of Mary" was begun in 1670 by Ciro Ferri and finished after his death in 1689 by Sebastiano Corbellini. The pendentives were painted with the "Cardinal Virtues" by Bernini's protégé, Giovanni Battista Gaulli from 1662-72.
There is a number of large scale sculptures in this church. The main altar, which should have depicted the "Miracle of Saint Agnes", was originally commissioned from Alessandro Algardi who, however, died shortly afterwards. Algardi provided a small model while a full scale plaster model (now in the Oratorio dei Filippini) was made by his assistants Ercole Ferrata and Domenico Guidi. For some reason the project was dropped and instead Guidi created the high altar relief, depicting "The Holy Family", to his own design from 1676. 
All the other altars in the church are dedicated to martyrs with reliefs or statues depicting the circumstances of their deaths. There are four altars in the pillars with reliefs, highly unusually set in semi-circular niches: "The Death of Saint Alexius" by Giovanni Francesco Rossi, "The Martyrdom of Saint Emerentiana" by Ercole Ferrata (completed by Leonardo Reti who is responsible for the upper parts), "The Death of Saint Cecilia" by Antonio Raggi and "The Martyrdom of Saint Eustace" by Melchiorre Cafà who, due to his sudden early death, could only finish the figure of the saint while the remainder was completed by his teacher Ferrata and his workshop. 
The stucco decorations in the niches' semi-domes with angels presenting the symbols of the respective saint are by Ferrata's workshop. 
Ferrata is also responsible for the side altar depicting "Saint Agnes on the Pyre", one of his best works. 
The much later opposite side altar of "Saint Sebastian" by Paolo Campi dates from c.1717-1719 and also boasts two marble angels by his master Pierre Le Gros which might well be Le Gros' very last works. 
Both, the statue of Saint Agnes and of Saint Sebastian, are placed in an illusionistic architecture of coloured marble.
The "Tomb Monument of Pope Innocent X", originally planned on a grand scale, turned into a much more modest monument by Giovanni Battista Maini, and was erected in the church above the main entrance in 1729. 
Inside the church is also a shrine for Saint Agnes, containing her skull.
Origin of name and legends.
The name of this church is unrelated to the ‘agony’ of the martyr: "in agone" was the ancient name of Piazza Navona ("piazza in agone"), and meant instead, from the Greek, ‘in the site of the competitions’, because Piazza Navona was built on the form of an ancient Roman stadium on the Greek model, with one flat end, and was used for footraces. From ‘in agone’, the popular use and pronunciation changed the name into ‘Navona’, but other roads in the area kept the original name.
Bernini's "Fountain of the Four Rivers" is situated in front of the church. It is often said that Bernini sculpted the figure of the "Nile" covering his eyes as if he thought the facade designed by his rival Borromini could crumble atop him. This story, like many urban legends, persists because it has a ring of authenticity, despite the fact that Bernini's fountain predates the facade by some years. 
Borromini and Bernini became rivals, and more, for architectural commissions. Most prominently, during the Pamphili papacy, an official commission was established to study defects that had arisen in the foundations of the belltowers (built under Bernini's guidance) in the facade of Saint Peter's Basilica. In testimony before the commission, Borromini was one of many harsh critics that assailed the project's engineering. Ultimately, in a severe blow to Bernini's prestige as an architect, the facade bell-towers were torn down, and never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="2846384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846384" title="Greatest Hits (Robbie Williams album)">
Greatest Hits (Robbie Williams album)

Greatest Hits is a hits compilation released by British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 18 October 2004. The album includes two new songs, these being "Radio" and "Misunderstood", which were both released as singles. The album is his seventh overall released in the United Kingdom. It was one of the fastest selling albums upon release in the country, where it debuted at the number-one spot with first week sales of over 320,000 copies. Certain versions of the album feature a picture of Williams in a pose exposing his pubic hair on the cover, and in the booklet is the Latin phase "...si quid habet mammas vel rotas, res habebis difficiles aliquando", translating into "if it has tits or wheels, it makes life difficult." A special edition box set, containing all of Williams' singles, was released on the same day.
Singles.
Although Williams admitted on his website to being "perplexed at the prospect" of a greatest hits album, saying, "I rarely, if at all, look back over my career", he took the opportunity to also reveal two new songs he had been working on with his new collaborator, Stephen Duffy. Both were released as singles. "Radio", the compilation's first single, was released in October 2004, debuting at number-one of the UK Singles Chart, becoming Williams' sixth number-one hit selling 41,732 copies. The song was also a number-one hit in Denmark and Portugal, and it hit the top ten around the world. The album's second single, the ballad "Misunderstood", was included on the soundtrack of the film "", and hit the top ten around the world in December of that year.
Commercial performance.
Debuting at number one, the album sold 720,000 copies in its first week, becoming the fastest selling greatest hits album ever released in the United Kingdom. The album hit the top spot in 18 countries: France, Italy, Portugal, Spain, the aforementioned United Kingdom, Argentina, Colombia, Germany, Australia, New Zealand, and Switzerland among others. The album became the best selling album of the year in the United Kingdom, becoming the 61st best selling album in UK music history, with sales of 2 million copies, being certified 6× Platinum by the BPI. "Greatest Hits" also became the best selling album of the year in Europe being certified 5× Platinum for over 5 million copies sold worldwide. The album ended up selling slightly under 8.5 million copies becoming one of Williams' best selling albums ever. In Germany, the album debuted at number one and reached this position in total nine times non-consecutively, Williams' second album to do so, the other one being "Swing When You're Winning". With 101 weeks on the German Albums Chart it's his second largest chart one, just behind "Sing When You're Winning", with 106 weeks. By selling 900,000 copies and reaching 9× Gold, "Greatest Hits" is the 20th best-selling album of the decade 2000–2009 in Germany and his 5th album album to reach a position in the top twenty of the best-selling album of the decade, the others being "Swing When You're Winning" (4th best-selling), "Escapology" (5th best-selling), "Intensive Care" (8th best-selling) and "Live at Knebworth" (19th best-selling).
Track listing.
"The Best So Far".
The Best So Far is an updated version of "Greatest Hits", released exclusively in Brazil to celebrate Robbie's "Close Encounters" tour. As "Greatest Hits" was not released in Brazil, "The Best So Far" updates the tracklisting slightly, adding "Sin Sin Sin", "Advertising Space" and "Tripping", but removing earlier hits such as "Old Before I Die", "Lazy Days" and "She's the One".

</doc>
<doc id="2846386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846386" title="Meadery">
Meadery

A meadery is a winery that produces honey wines or meads.
Particularly in Cornwall, a meadery can also refer to a type of restaurant that serves mead and food with a medieval ambience. A meadery would typically be in the style of a banquet hall, having wooden flooring, heavy wooden tables, and lit by candlelight with white-painted granite walls.

</doc>
<doc id="2846390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846390" title="Easy Goer">
Easy Goer

Easy Goer (March 21, 1986 – May 12, 1994) was an American Champion Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse known for earning American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt honors in 1988 and defeating 1989 American Horse of the Year Sunday Silence in the Belmont Stakes by eight lengths. The victory deprived Sunday Silence of the Triple Crown. It was also the second-fastest Belmont in history, behind only the record performance of Secretariat in 1973. Easy Goer also ran the fastest mile on dirt by any three-year-old in the history of Thoroughbred racing with a time of 1:32 2/5, which was a second faster than Secretariat's stakes record, and one-fifth of a second off of the world record set by Dr. Fager in 1968. On the "Blood-Horse" List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century, Easy Goer is ranked #34.
Racing career.
Bred and owned by Ogden Phipps, Easy Goer was a son of Alydar out of the 1981 American Champion Older Female Horse Relaxing (by Buckpasser). Trained by Shug McGaughey and ridden by Pat Day, the chestnut colt with a white star won 14 of his 20 races, including nine Grade I wins, and placed second five times, including three runner-up finishes to rival Sunday Silence. McGaughey described Easy Goer as, "a big, strong horse, and jockey Pat Day helped him by not crucifying him in his races and bringing me back something. He had soundness problems, but we stayed on top of it." Racing writer Steve Haskin described Easy Goer as "Adonis-like, the closest thing physically to Secretariat. He was plagued by terrible ankles his entire career, but was placed upon a throne at an early age and justified all the adoration." Racing writer Edward L. Bowen said: "Easy Goer was a glowing chestnut with a fluid stride that belied his short pasterns and less than perfect foot. Pasterns notwithstanding, he had the look of greatness, and he ran to his looks." Joe Drape of "The New York Times" described Easy Goer as a "powerful, massive, raw talent with an enormous stride." His running style was able to adjust to racing conditions; he could go to the lead or come from behind, he was able to put pressure on speed horses and stay with a faster pace, or drop back if needed. He possessed both speed and stamina. Among his peak performances, Easy Goer ran 124 and 122 Beyer Speed Figures. He also consistently ran in the 120 speed figure range on a regular basis in his races.
1988: two-year-old season.
Before his career began, Easy Goer was shipped to McGaughey at the Payson Park Training Center in Indiantown, Florida, where he spent the winter getting acquainted with the starting gate and underwent basic training. His trainer noted some faults in his conformation. He had puffy, problematic ankles, a clubfoot, and a turned-out left knee, all providing the potential for injury once the horse began serious workouts. However, McGaughey was captivated with Easy Goer the first time he saw him, but really felt he had something special when he watched him for the first time with a set of horses. “He gave the impression he could gallop those horses to death,” McGaughey said.
At two, Easy Goer won his maiden race at seven furlongs at Saratoga Race Course under a hand ride, defeating Is It True by over two lengths after being steadied on the backstretch, and, as McGaughey stated, "Running two or three seconds faster than the split of the race." Easy Goer came out of that race with a sore left shin. McGaughey was concerned because he thought he might have to stop the colt's training; however, treatment by hosing and poulticing the leg to draw out the heat was successful. McGaughey decided to wait and have Easy Goer's legs further treated after the Breeders' Cup that November. Easy Goer continued to train at Saratoga. He then won a 6 1/2 furlong allowance race at Belmont Park, again under little urging, running one-fifth of a second off the track record in 1:15 2/5, while carrying five pounds more than his opponents. His trainer said, "Then I knew I was training something special." Easy Goer next won the seven-furlong Grade I Cowdin Stakes with little encouragement, defeating Is It True by four lengths. He ran the seven furlongs in 1:23 3/5. The raw time was more than 2 seconds off Devil's Bag's 1983 stakes record, but the Belmont track was producing unusually slow times that day. He also won the one-mile Grade I Champagne Stakes with little exertion, again defeating Is It True by four lengths, after stalking a half length to a length and a half behind the leader through fast fractions of 22 4/5 and 45 3/5. His 1:34 4/5 time for the mile tied for fourth-fastest in Champagne Stakes history behind Vitriolic, Seattle Slew (1:34 2/5), and Devil's Bag (1:34 1/5). Additionally, Easy Goer ran the best Beyer Speed Figure (116 Beyer) performance (in the 1988 Champagne Stakes) of any 2-year-old since Beyer racing figures were first published.
He finished second in his last race of his two-year-old season, the Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Juvenile at Churchill Downs. He lost to Is It True, a horse he had defeated three times earlier in the year, having jumped the tire tracks left by the starting gate late in the homestretch, and seemed to be struggling and uncomfortable with the muddy track. He was named Champion two-year-old colt and was the early favorite for the Kentucky Derby. After the Breeders' Cup, he was shipped to New York to have his shins pinfired, and then sent to Gulfstream Park in Hallandale, Florida, to recuperate.
1989: three-year-old season.
At three, Easy Goer won the Swale Stakes in the fastest seven furlongs of the Gulfstream Park meeting in a time of 1:22 1/5 while carrying ten pounds more than the runner up. He "exploded" around the far turn to an almost nine length win. He then won the one mile Grade II Gotham Stakes by thirteen lengths in record time while conceding nine pounds and five pounds to the second and third place finishers respectively, including future world record holder (on turf at one mile) Expensive Decision. He won handily and his winning time of 1:32 2/5 for the mile set a new track record, a second faster than Secretariat's stakes record, the fastest mile on a dirt surface by any three-year-old Thoroughbred in history, and a fifth of a second off Dr. Fager's world record.His next race was the mile and an eighth Grade I Wood Memorial, which in 1989 was run two weeks after the Gotham Stakes and two weeks before the Kentucky Derby. Easy Goer ran close to the lead the entire race and won by three lengths. He was timed in a relatively moderate 1:50 3/5. However, students of time pointed out that Aqueduct was playing about two seconds slower than normal on the day.
Rivalry with Sunday Silence.
Easy Goer was most remembered for his rivalry with Sunday Silence. The two first met in the 1989 Kentucky Derby, where Sunday Silence won by 2½ lengths in the relatively slow time of 2:05 on a muddy track similar to the Breeders' Cup Juvenile the previous year. Easy Goer had a small crack in his left front heel that was found the week leading into the Kentucky Derby. The crack was serious enough to cause discomfort and possibly keep him from running. Easy Goer had a history for his difficulty to handle a muddy track at Churchill Downs and seemed to be struggling with the footing. Easy Goer also had traffic trouble in the race, being cut off by Northern Wolf during the first quarter-mile, causing him to check, and Dansil drifted into his path in the final eighth of a mile in the home stretch, causing Easy Goer to alter course. Sunday Silence won the Derby despite not keeping a straight path through the stretch while 2½ lengths clear of the field.
After the Derby, both horses returned to action two weeks later in the Preakness Stakes. Throughout Preakness week, as late as the day before the race, Easy Goer's front feet were being soaked in a tub of Epsom salts due to small scratches or cracks on both heels. His ankles and knees were also given ultrasound. Easy Goer, after breaking in the air at the start, made a big, early move down the backstretch which catapulted him to a two-length lead over Sunday Silence with a half mile remaining. Sunday Silence then challenged around the far turn, with both horses running the fastest mile split in Preakness history in 1:34 1/5. Following a nose-to-nose duel for the last quarter mile, Sunday Silence won by a nose in a fast final time of 1:53 4/5. Jockey Pat Day was criticized for reining Easy Goer's head sideways to the right in deep stretch with a short lead right before the finish line. Day criticized himself, calling his ride "a mistake." Bill Christine of the Los Angeles Times, and trainer McGaughey also expressed their opinions on the mistakes they thought Day made during the race.
After the Preakness, both rivals returned to action three weeks later in the Belmont Stakes. Easy Goer defeated Sunday Silence by eight lengths in the time of 2:26 producing the second fastest Belmont Stakes in history, behind Secretariat, and denied Sunday Silence the Triple Crown. In the process, Easy Goer seemed to vindicate his reputation as the reigning champion two year-old. The jockey of Sunday Silence, Pat Valenzuela, described Easy Goer's performance as that of a superhorse. The race was run over a fast but not unusually quick track. Easy Goer earned a 122 Beyer Speed Figure, the best in any Triple Crown race since these ratings were first published in 1987.
Remainder of season.
Easy Goer went on that year to win the mile and an eighth Grade I Whitney Stakes, defeating older horses by over four lengths in near record time. He missed the stakes and track record in the Whitney by 2/5 of a second. The record was then held by Tri Jet, the only horse to ever run a faster Whitney than Easy Goer. Easy Goer earned the time even though steadied while being trapped, boxed in and steadied around the far turn, and running his last eighth of a mile in eleven and two-fifth seconds. Two weeks later, he won the mile and a quarter Grade I Travers Stakes with moderate effort by three lengths also in near record time. He missed the Travers record by 4/5 of a second. It was the third fastest in Travers history, behind General Assembly and Honest Pleasure. He then won the mile and a quarter Grade I Woodward Stakes by two lengths on a muddy track, again defeating older horses while carrying more weight and being stuck in traffic, boxed in on the rail and checking hard twice. This was the final time the Woodward was run at the mile and a quarter distance. Three weeks later, he won the mile and a half Grade I Jockey Club Gold Cup by four lengths, again defeating older horses. He defeated Prized in this race, a horse who had defeated Sunday Silence earlier in the year, by over 20 lengths, even though the track was playing dull and slow. Despite the dullness of the racing surface, moderate pace, and relatively slow final time, he ran his sixth and final quarter-mile his fastest, coming home in 24.12 seconds. This was the final time the Jockey Club Gold Cup was run at a mile and a half distance.
The rivalry with Sunday Silence concluded in the Breeders' Cup Classic, run on November 4 at 1¼ miles. With champion honors at stake, the race was labeled "Race of the Decade" by the horse racing media. Easy Goer was favored by the wagering public based on his Belmont Stakes win and subsequent four Grade I wins, three against older horses. Sunday Silence's regular rider, Patrick Valenzuela, had recently been suspended for cocaine use. Trainer Charles E. Whittingham assigned the mount to Chris McCarron. Easy Goer came into the 10-furlong Classic off the 12-furlong Gold Cup—a potentially tricky parlay for a trainer, because the longer race can have the dangerous effect of dulling the colt's natural speed and blunting the quickness that he might need in a shorter race. In contrast, trainer Charlie Whittingham had run Sunday Silence only twice in the five months since the Belmont, both times over a 1¼-mile distance—in the Grade II Swaps Stakes at Hollywood Park, where he finished second, and two months later in the Sept. 24 Super Derby at Louisiana Downs, which he won. Easy Goer ran 11 lengths off the lead, about seven lengths behind Sunday Silence, behind the brisk opening fractions of 22:2/5 and 46:1/5, but made a big run and got near his rival at the half-mile point. Sunday Silence then made a charge turning for home and gained the lead in the final furlong, four lengths ahead of Easy Goer. Easy Goer closed ground late with another big move but lost by a diminishing neck to Sunday Silence, who was under strong urging by McCarron, with a final time of 2:00 1/5. The victory assured Sunday Silence Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Male Horse and Horse of the Year honors for 1989. After the race, McGaughey said, "Sunday Silence had a perfect trip and we made a couple of mistakes. Pat and I agree that he made riding mistakes in the Preakness. But in the other races, there were circumstances that contributed to what happened. Maybe when Pat grabbed him after the start, the horse didn't understand what he was doing. Then Pat was content to sit and wait behind Sunday Silence, as he had done before, and the other horse got away from us." Steven Crist stated in his "New York Times" article in January 1990 that had the question on the ballot been, "Who is the better horse, Sunday Silence or Easy Goer?", his view was that a lot more than 19 people would have voted against Sunday Silence. Paul Moran of the "Los Angeles Times" and "Newsday" agreed, stating, "Sunday Silence is Horse of the Year, but most still believe Easy Goer is the better horse."
Easy Goer is the only horse in history to win the Whitney, Travers, Woodward, and Jockey Club Gold Cup. In three of these races, he defeated older horses, becoming one of the few three-year-olds in modern American racing history to do so. Only three Hall of Fame horses (Easy Goer, Kelso, and Slew o' Gold) have ever won the Whitney, Woodward, and Jockey Club Gold Cup in the same year, but Easy Goer was the only three-year-old to complete the triple. Additionally, he is one of only two horses to ever win the Champagne, Belmont Stakes, and Travers. He was one of the last American-trained horses to win two Grade I races at a mile and a half on dirt (Belmont Stakes and Jockey Club Gold Cup). Easy Goer's 1989 three-year-old campaign is considered by some to be the greatest in American racing history without yielding any year-end championship awards.
1990: four-year-old season.
At four, Easy Goer won the seven-furlong Gold Stage Stakes ridden out on a sloppy track by over seven lengths and won the mile and a quarter Grade I Suburban Handicap by almost four lengths ridden out in a time of 2:00after going head and head on the lead while sprinting through fast fractions of 46.75 for a half-mile and 1:09.87 for six furlongs. The final time was 3/5 of a second off Alysheba's then track record, which had been set in a weight for age race. Easy Goer conceded to his opponents. He was also third in the Grade I Metropolitan Mile, marking the only time he did not finish either first or second in his career. Easy Goer always had problematic ankles, and his handlers had to work overtime on them during the month. Rumors about his soundness had swirled around the track for the two weeks leading into the race. Easy Goer was beaten by a little more than a length behind eventual Horse of the Year Criminal Type and two-time sprint champion Housebuster while carrying considerably more weight than those competitors (fourteen and seven pounds, respectively). In Easy Goer's 20-race career, he was never defeated by more than 2½ lengths.
After his Suburban Handicap win, Easy Goer was retired due to a bone chip in his right front ankle. He won 14 races, including 9 Grade I wins, and earned $4,873,770.
Stud record.
After his retirement from racing, Easy Goer stood stud at Claiborne Farm in Paris, Kentucky. He was given the honor of occupying the number one stall in the number one barn. His stall was previously occupied by Bold Ruler and Secretariat. At age eight, in 1994, Easy Goer was turned out for exercise one day and spent the time bucking and racing around his pasture. Dr. Thomas Swerczek, the veterinary pathologist at the University of Kentucky, who conducted Easy Goer's necropsy, determined the horse died of an anaphylactic reaction to an undetermined allergen and also had cancerous tumors in multiple organs. The veterinarians were convinced the cancer did not kill Easy Goer and probably would not have been fatal for a long time. They also said fatal allergic reactions are more common than most professionals realize. Easy Goer was buried at Claiborne Farm along with Secretariat, Buckpasser and Bold Ruler.
At stud, in just a few crops before his premature death, Easy Goer sired three Grade I winners and nine stakes winners (7%), from 136 foals, of which 101 were starters. While speed at distances up to a mile had been favored over "stoutness" in much American breeding, Easy Goer demonstrated speed over a mile as well as stamina. Given the combination of his pedigree and the high-quality mares to which he was bred at Claiborne, it was speculated by "Blood-Horse' that he would have been even more significant as a stallion had he lived longer. His most notable offspring included Will's Way, who, like his sire, won the Grade I Whitney Handicap and Grade I Travers Stakes, and in turn sired the Grade I Cigar Mile Handicap-winner Lion Tamer. Notable fillies included My Flag, winner of four Grade I races: the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, Ashland Stakes, Coaching Club American Oaks and Gazelle Stakes; and Furlough, winner of the Grade I Ballerina Handicap and dam of Stakes Winners Happy Hunting and Pardon. Easy Goer also sired Grade II Jim Dandy Stakes-winner Composer; the stakes-winning mares Relaxing Rhythm, winner of the Grade II Molly Pitcher Handicap; Smooth Charmer; and Jetto. My Flag, out of 1996 Kentucky Broodmare of the Year, Personal Ensign, is the dam of champion filly Storm Flag Flying; the stakes-placed On Parade, dam of multiple graded stakes winner Parading, who stands at Claiborne Farm; and stakes-winner With Flying Colors. Personal Ensign, winner of the 1988 Breeders' Cup Distaff; My Flag, winer of the 1995 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies; and Storm Flag Flying, winner of the 2002 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, were the first three-generation consecutive winners of Breeders' Cup races.
Easy Goer was also an influential broodmare sire. The 53 mares sired by Easy Goer have produced 23 stakes winners, including Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies winner and Eclipse Award Champion Storm Flag Flying, Grade I Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile and Grade I Metropolitan Handicap winner Corinthian, Grade I Coaching Club American Oaks and Grade II Shuvee Handicap winner Funny Moon, Grade I Blue Grass Stakes winner Monba, French 2000 Guineas (Group 1) winner Astronomer Royal, Grade I Yellow Ribbon Stakes, Grade I Del Mar Oaks, Grade I Gamely Stakes, and Grade I John C. Mabee Handicap winner Magical Fantasy, sire Mull of Kintyre (winner of the Group II Gimcrack Stakes in England and sire of multiple Group I winner Araafa), stakes-winners Happy Hunting (winner of the Grade III Aqueduct Handicap), Spring Waltz (winner of the Grade II Rampart Handicap), Navesink River (winner of the Grade II Pan American Handicap), Desert Hero (winner of the Grade II San Rafael Stakes), Sea Chanter, Sue's Good News (dam of Grade I Ogden Phipps Handicap winner Tiz Miz Sue), Easy Slam (dam of Jessamine Stakes winner Kitten Kaboodle), Kindness (dam of Breeders' Cup Marathon winner London Bridge), Fabulous Bonus (dam of Go For Wand Handicap winner Royal Lahaina), Unbridled Jet, Easyfromthegitgo, Nolan's Cat, Easy Grades, Pardon, and With Flying Colors (sired by A.P. Indy).
In 1997, Easy Goer was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame, the ultimate honor in American Thoroughbred racing.

</doc>
<doc id="2846405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846405" title="Zárate-Brazo Largo Bridge">
Zárate-Brazo Largo Bridge

The Zárate-Brazo Largo Bridges are two cable-stayed road and railway bridges in Argentina, crossing the Paraná River (Paraná Guazú and Paraná de las Palmas) between the cities of Zárate, Buenos Aires Province, and Brazo Largo, Entre Ríos Province.
The bridges have a suspended length of , with a main span of . Its pylons are high, and its deck depth is . They were built between 1972 and 1977 on a design by Italian engineer Fabrizio de Miranda, and refurbished in 1998.
Zárate-Brazo Largo links the north of Buenos Aires with the southern part of the Argentine Mesopotamia, and also, by extension, Argentina with Uruguay and Brazil. The road link has four lanes. The main span is over the water level of the Paraná, which allows the passage of very large ships. It is one of only two such bridges over the Paraná, the other being the more recent Rosario-Victoria Bridge (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="2846420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846420" title="Radio Redditch">
Radio Redditch

Radio Redditch is a privately owned radio station set up in Redditch, Worcestershire, England.
Background.
Radio Redditch is a privately owned company bringing ultra local radio to Redditch, Wocestershire, UK. It aims to provide a diverse and accessible local community station for Redditch and the surrounding areas.
The station has run a number of restricted licence broadcasts, most recently a broadcast live from The Kingfisher Shopping Centre.
Staff.
The Station Director of Radio Redditch is Rob Ison who was previously the breakfast presenter for The 107.2 The Wyre (A commercial radio station for North Worcestershire).

</doc>
<doc id="2846422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846422" title="Oberlander Jews">
Oberlander Jews

Oberlander Jews (, translit. "Oyberland", "Highland"; , translit. "Galil E'lion", "Upper Province") were the Jews who inhabited the northwestern regions of the historical Kingdom of Hungary, which are contemporary western Slovakia and Burgenland.
"Oberland", in this context, is a Hungarian-Jewish historiographic term, unrelated to the territory of Upper Hungary (Oberungarn, sometimes Oberland). Its origin lies in the immigration pattern of Jews into the country during the 18th century. Those arriving from Austria and Moravia settled in the adjacent counties of the northwest, mainly from Trencsén to Sopron, and gradually spread further; however, a large swath in the center of northern Hungary, between Szepes and Hajdú, remained closed for Jewish settlement until all residential limits were lifted in 1840. Thus, a demarcation line separated the Austrian and Moravian Jews from the Galician Jews who emigrated to the northeastern territories. Those west of it were known as "Oberlander" (highlanders), and the Galicians were "Unterlander Jews" (lowlanders). In rabbinic sources written in Hebrew, it was translated as the Upper and Lower Provinces ("Galil E'lion", "Galil Takhton"). The designation was coined by the former. After 1840, the geographical boundary dividing Oberland and Unterland was the linguistic one between Western Yiddish and Middle ("Polish") Yiddish: it stretched from the Tatra Mountains, between Poprad and Liptovský Mikuláš, Slavošovce and Rožňava, continuing just north of Debrecen and south of Miskolc until reaching the Hungarian border in Cluj-Napoca. While sometimes applied to all western Jews, like those in Budapest and beyond, it came to denote the Orthodox ones who resided in contemporary Slovakia west of the boundary detailed above and in Burgenland. Their ancestors arrived in two waves: the first, comprising Austrians, came after the expulsion of the Jews from Vienna in 1670. They were welcomed by Paul I, Prince Esterházy, who allowed them to settle in Burgenland and to form the Seven Communities on his lands. Another, much larger wave entered Hungary in the wake of an Imperial decree from 1727 which limited the number of Jews allowed to marry in Moravia to 5,106. It remained in effect until 1848. 
Oberland also followed an acculturation pattern of its own, as its Jews tended to embrace the German language and culture. In spite of undergoing thorough modernization, they remained largely Orthodox, and were primarily influenced by the Hatam Sofer and his disciples in the yeshiva of Pressburg, the province's largest city. However, they were mostly more moderate and educated than the Unterlander, and the differences between Neo-Orthodox and Ultra-Orthodox in the country paralleled geographic ones. While hasidism was rampant in Unterland, it had never reached the northwest. During the 19th century, Hungarian Jews were roughly divided into three cultural groups: the Magyarized, Hungarian-speaking and heavily Neolog ones in the center of the kingdom; the modern Orthodox, non-Hasidic, German-speaking Oberlander; and the Unterlander, who were strongly influenced by hasidism. 
The Oberlander shared a common dialect of Western Yiddish, mixed with Hungarian and Slovak vocabulary. Their customs resembled those of pre-emancipation German Jews, like donning prayer shawls before marriage and laying phylacteries in the weekdays of the Pilgrimage Festivals. Following World War II, some integrated in East European Ultra-Orthodox groups, while others joined Hungarian sects like Satmar, Nitra, Vien, Puppa, and Kashou. Several congregations that self-identify as Oberlander and adhere to such customs are present in Israel, New York and in London's Stamford Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2846431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846431" title="Sawyl Penuchel">
Sawyl Penuchel

Sawyl Penuchel or Ben Uchel ("high-head", "arrogant"), also known as Samuil Penisel ("low-head", "humble"), was a British king of the sub-Roman period, who appears in old Welsh genealogies and the Welsh Triads.
The genealogies, in which he appears under both epithets, make him the son of Pabo Post Prydain, a descendant of Coel Hen, the presumed king of the Old North. John Morris locates Sawyl in the south Pennines area (the modern Peak District, a name which may date from its settlement by the Anglian Pecset). He is listed as one of the 'Three Arrogant Men of the Island of Britain' in the Welsh Triads.
Other genealogies say he was the father of St. Asaph. Elis Gruffydd's "Chronicle" says that his daughter married Maelgwn Gwynedd. An Irish genealogy says that a "Samuel Chendisel" married Deichter, daughter of Muiredach Muinderg, the king of Ulster, and they had two sons: Sanctan, who became bishop of Cil-dá-les and founded Kilnasantan in County Dublin, and Matóc Ailithir. The Irish "Liber Hymnorum" confirms that both Sanctan and Matóc came to Ireland from Britain.
According to the Welsh "Life of Saint Cadoc", a king named Sawyl Penuchel held court at "Allt Cunedda" near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire. Cadoc pursued Sawyl's warband after they stole food from Llancarfan Abbey. He found them sleeping under a tree and cut off their hair, before fleeing to a nearby bog. When Sawyl and his men gave chase, they all drowned in the bog. Whether this is the same king, having fled to Wales after his northern kingdom was overrun by the Saxons, a different man of the same name, or simply an error by the composer of the "Life", is unclear. This Sawyl was supposedly buried in nearby mound known as "Banc Benuchel". A body was excavated there in 1850, covered with a hexagonal stone imitating a battle-shield.
Geoffrey of Monmouth, in his "History of the Kings of Britain" (1136), uses the name Samuil Penessil for a legendary pre-Roman king of Britain, preceded by Redechius and succeeded by Pir.

</doc>
<doc id="2846435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846435" title="Otis the Aardvark">
Otis the Aardvark

Otis the Aardvark was a puppet presenter on Children's BBC. Otis mainly presented the afternoon links on BBC One alongside the main CBBC presenters. Otis was thought to be inspired from the 1992 Children's BBC idents which ended with a voice proclaiming "Tell that aardvark it's a wrap". These idents led to much speculation as to what the phrase meant. However, these idents were dropped just before the character of Otis appeared in late 1994.
Otis is said to have obtained his name from the OTIS Elevator in the CBBC building at BBC Television Centre. Dave Chapman was the puppeteer. He also performed in a number of other Children's BBC programmes, notably as The Cat from "Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow".
When "Fully Booked" moved to Sundays on BBC2, the extended Saturday CBBC was renamed "Saturday Aardvark", with Otis being a key feature. 
In 1996, He presented "CBBC on Nickelodeon" during school hours on "Nickelodeon" alongside Nick Junior and his co-presenter was mascot "Arthur the Ant" in front of an ice cream parlour. He left in 1997 and was replaced by his cousin Marvin who presented from a shed until the strand finished on 16 July 1999. 
After leaving CBBC in late 1999 Otis appeared on a puppet based quiz show before the puppet was finally laid to rest, with the announcement given claiming that the character had gone to work at the BBC canteen, although Otis made appearances on other CBBC shows including "Insides Out" and "Live & Kicking" and "Clever Creatures" until 2001. Otis was replaced by another puppet called Emlyn the Gremlin, who proved to be short-lived. 
On 28 December 2007, Otis reappeared on a special 'puppet' edition of "The Weakest Link" for the BBC. He was voted off in the second round.
In a 2009 interview BBC Presenter Kirsten O'Brien revealed that she has the Otis the Aardvark puppet and once used it unsuccessfully to impress a date.
On 1 April 2010, Otis appeared on the ITV2 show "Celebrity Juice".

</doc>
<doc id="2846438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846438" title="Jeff Young (rugby player)">
Jeff Young (rugby player)

Jeffrey "Jeff" Young (16 September 1942 - 3 October 2005) was a Welsh rugby union player who gained 23 caps for Wales as a hooker between 1968 and 1973.
Young was born in Blaengarw and educated at Garw Grammar School and St Luke's College, Exeter. He played five times for the Welsh Secondary Schools XV. A teacher by profession, Young played club rugby for Blaengarw, Harrogate, Bridgend and London Welsh. He also played for the East Wales side that earned a draw with the touring All Blacks in 1967.
He made his debut for Wales against Scotland in Cardiff in 1968, and became the first-choice hooker for Wales, playing in 22 of the next 26 internationals. He played in the Grand Slam winning side of 1971 and made his last international appearance against France in Paris in 1973, after which Bobby Windsor became the first-choice hooker. Young was selected for the British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa in 1968 and played in the first test.
In 1971 he left teaching and joined the R.A.F. and became a Wing Commander, coaching the RAF and British Combined Services on their joint tour to New Zealand with British Police in 1988. In 1991 he became the Welsh Rugby Union's first technical director and later became Director of Rugby at Harrogate. He was awarded the OBE for his services to rugby and the R.A.F. Jeff Young died of Alzheimer's disease in Harrogate in October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2846442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846442" title="Aviation Environment Federation">
Aviation Environment Federation

The Aviation Environment Federation (AEF) is the principal UK non-profit making organisation concerned with the environmental effects of aviation. These range from aviation noise issues associated with small airstrips or helipads to the contribution of airline emissions to global warming (the current climate change). The AEF is widely quoted in international media as a source of research and analysis on issues related to aviation and the environment.
The AEF was established in 1975 and now has over 120 affiliated members comprising community and environmental groups, local authorities, parish councils, businesses and consultancies. 
AEF is a member of AirportWatch, a UK-wide network of conservation and residents’ groups, and GreenSkies, an umbrella organisation comprising all the major European NGOs who hold a stake in aviation policy.

</doc>
<doc id="2846443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846443" title="List of British post offices abroad">
List of British post offices abroad

Great Britain has introduced postal services throughout the world and has often made use of British definitives bearing local overprints. The following is a partial list of British postal services abroad. The list does not include agencies in South America, such as in Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro and Valparaiso.

</doc>
<doc id="2846449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846449" title="The Get Lost">
The Get Lost

The Get Lost were a Garage Rock band formed in 2000 in Bern, Switzerland by founding members of the Portland, Oregon eighties garage revival band, The Miracle Workers. Members included Gerry Mohr (vox,guitar), Robert Butler (bass, guitar) Chris Rosales (drums) and Kat Aellen (bass). The group recorded one LP for Switzerland's Voodoo Rhythm Records in 2001 entitled "Never Come Back".

</doc>
<doc id="2846454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846454" title="Makguksu">
Makguksu

Makguksu is a Korean buckwheat noodle dish served in a chilled broth, sometimes served with sugar, mustard, sesame oil or vinegar. It is a local specialty of the Gangwon province of South Korea, and its capital city, Chuncheon.
Ingredients and preparation.
"Makguksu" is closely related to "naengmyeon", the archetypal Korean cold noodle dish. Its differences lie in the high concentration of buckwheat flour in its noodles, the result of the grain's status as a staple crop in the Gangwon-do area, and the use of greater amounts of vegetables. The dish gets its name—"rough noodles"—from the fact that the buckwheat used is generally unhulled.
"Makguksu" is usually prepared directly from buckwheat crop, soaked, and ground into a paste. Since buckwheat is less glutinous than most grains, buckwheat flour is particularly difficult to knead, roll, and slice into noodles by hand; thus, the noodles are often created in a hand-cranked noodle-making machine instead.
It is difficult to generalize regarding "makguksu"'s accompanying ingredients. Ingredients are traditionally determined by the customer rather than the restaurant owner, and many restaurants also carry their own unique flavoring recipes. In most cases, "makguksu" is very spicy, sometimes seasoned with "gochujang" (hot pepper paste). Various types of kimchi can be added as well: "nabak kimchi", "dongchimi" or "baechu kimchi". Many recipes also add various vegetables and/or soy sauce. "Banchan" (side dishes) vary in equal measure. In the Chuncheon area, the dish is frequently accompanied by boiled beef or pork; elsewhere, it may be served with "bindaetteok" (mung bean pancakes) or "gamjajeon" (potato pancakes).
Chuncheon.
"Makguksu" has become a large part of the identity of the Chuncheon region. In recent decades, a "buckwheat noodle street" featuring more than a dozen "makguksu" restaurants has developed in the downtown area. There is a makguksu museum, and the city also hosts the annual Chuncheon Makguksu Noodle Festival, featuring "makguksu" tastings and other celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="2846455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846455" title="Sterling Seagrave">
Sterling Seagrave

Sterling Seagrave an American historian (b. 1937), is author of "The Soong Dynasty", "The Marcos Dynasty", "Gold Warriors" and numerous other books which address unofficial and clandestine aspects of 20th Century political history of the countries in the Far East.
Early life.
Born in Columbus, Ohio on April 15, 1937, Seagrave grew up on the China-Burma border, the fifth generation of an American family living in the Orient for nearly two centuries (his father was Dr. Gordon Seagrave, author of "Burma Surgeon"). 
Career.
As an investigative journalist in Asia, Seagrave contributed to many major newspapers and magazines. His books include "The Yamato Dynasty: The Secret History of Japan's Imperial Family", "Opération Lys d'or" ("Operation Golden Lily" in English), "Yellow Rain: A Journey Through the Terror of Chemical Warfare", and "Dragon Lady". 
This last book challenges the notion that the Empress Dowager Cixi used the Boxers in the Boxer Rebellion. Kang Youwei is said to be the source of false stories which stained her reputation. Cixi is portrayed sympathetically, and since Seagrave is sometimes criticized for sensationalism, this debunking of myths around the Empress lends credence to the account. 
In his review of "The Soong Dynasty", professor Donald G. Gillin of Vassar College strongly refuted its major points, and called the book 'so biased, so unreliable, and so riddled with errors, ... much of it could be classified as fiction rather than as a work of history'.
In its review of "Gold Warriors: America's Secret Recovery of Yamashita's Gold", which dealt with allegations that post World War II the CIA had misappropriated billions of dollars of Japanese war loot, BBC History Magazine noted that whilst "numerous gaps remain... this is an important story, with far-reaching implications, that deserves to receive further attention".
Personal life.
He and his wife and collaborator, Peggy Sawyer Seagrave, live in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2846467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846467" title="Lex Julia">
Lex Julia

A Lex Julia (or: Lex Iulia, plural: Leges Juliae/Leges Iuliae) is an ancient Roman law that was introduced by any member of the Julian family. Most often, "Julian laws", "Lex Iulia" or "Leges Iuliae" will refer to moral legislation introduced by Augustus in 18-17 BC, or to a law from the dictatorship of Julius Caesar.
Lex Iulia de Civitate Latinis Danda (90 BC).
Apart from Augustus' laws on marriage, the 90 BC Lex Julia is probably the best known of the laws under this name. It was introduced by the consul Lucius Julius Caesar, and offered Roman citizenship to all citizens of Italian municipia who had not raised arms against Rome in the Italian War (Social War).
Lex Iulia de Repetundis (59 BC).
This Law restricted the number of 'gifts' that a Governor could receive during his term in a province, and also ensured that Governors balanced their accounts before leaving a province.
Lex Julia Municipalis (45 BC).
Sets regulations for the Italian municipalities. See Tables of Heraclea.
Moral legislation of Augustus (18–17 BC).
Under Augustus, the "Leges Juliae" of 18–17 BC attempted to elevate both the morals and the numbers of the upper classes in Rome and to increase the population by encouraging marriage and having children ("lex Julia de maritandis ordinibus"). They also established adultery as a private and public crime ("lex Julia de adulteriis").
To encourage population expansion, the Leges Juliae offered inducements to marriage and imposed disabilities upon the celibate. Augustus instituted the "Law of the three sons" which held those in high regard who produced three male offspring. Marrying-age celibates and young widows who wouldn't marry were debarred from receiving inheritances and from attending public games.
Later updates to the Julian laws.
The extracts below are from later legal codes and textbooks, but are also valuable in the sense that they are based on, and frequently quote from, the actual text of Augustus' laws.
Ulpian (3rd century).
As written down by Ulpian
Justinian (6th century).
Under the rule of Emperor Justinian

</doc>
<doc id="2846474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846474" title="Live at Knebworth">
Live at Knebworth

Live at Knebworth, also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text, is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams, recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album, and is a compilation of songs performed during three consecutive shows at Knebworth, England.
The three shows attracted a total of 375,000 fans. It is the second the fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom behind William's former band Take That's live album The Greatest Day. It has been certified 2x Platinum by the IFPI for sales over 2 million copies.
The DVD released of that Summer's three performances at Knebworth Park was entitled "What We Did Last Summer", a reference to the film "I Know What You Did Last Summer". It went on to sell 350,000 in the United Kingdom. In Australia, the DVD went on to sell 165,000 copies, 25,000 more than the actual album.
Williams' former Take That band mate Mark Owen was invited to perform "Back for Good" on stage with him at Knebworth. This was the first time the two had performed together since the band split in 1996. After performing with Williams, Owen returned to the spotlight signing a deal with Island/Universal Records.
Track listing.
Pregaps.
Between song Banter and various mini-songs can be found between some of the songs on the album in pregaps.
Here is a list of the pregaps.
Singles.
In Mexico, EMI Music sent a promotional CD to radio stations featuring "Feel" and "Angels" live from the show.
Concert track listing.
The album was recorded in three evenings in Knebworth and then cut. The set lists for the three performances were:

</doc>
<doc id="2846490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846490" title="Sefton Short Film Festival">
Sefton Short Film Festival

S2F2, the Sefton Short Film Festival is an independent film festival based in Sefton, Merseyside to the North of Liverpool. The festival first began in 2005.
This annual event runs for 2 days in October and exhibits a number of short films, spread over 12 hours of screenings. The 2007 Sefton Short Film Festival exhibited 65 films and attracted submissions and guests from across the world.
The festival was originally established in 2005 by Ann Monks. It is intended not only to be a place where new filmmakers can have a chance to have their work seen by a larger audience, but also as a way to get more people interested in short films as a medium. 
The festival has also funded local filmmakers by organising film production courses. These course cover all aspects of film making, from initial visualisation and script writing, through planning and shooting including camera work and sound recording, down to final editing and post production techniques. 
The festival has been supported by Frank Cottrell Boyce, writer of Millions and 24 Hour Party People, Sally Bankes from Little Britain and Opiate Of The People Films. 
Submissions for the S2F2 short film festival are welcomed from around the world and are usually accepted from April.
Winners.
S2F2 2008
Best Film of 2008
Tomorrow's Forecast
Best Foreign Film of 2008
Porque Hay Cosas Que Nunca Se Oluidant (Because There Are Things You Never Forget)
Best Animation of 2008
1977
Best Sefton Themed Film of 2008
Giri
S2F2 2007
1st Prize: Fetch
2nd Prize: My Mum The Wrestler
3rd Prize: I Met The Walrus
Best Sefton Themed Film at S2F2 2007 awarded to: Boxing Clever
S2F2 2006
1st Prize: Stripped
2nd Prize: I Slide 
3rd Prize: Lost Tickets 
S2F2 2005
1st Prize: The Strand
2nd Prize: The Quest 
3rd Prize: Bar to Bar
Closure.
Due to financial constraints, a decision was made to not hold the festival in 2009. 
In April 2010 the festival was closed down for good. A statement on the festival's website read:

</doc>
<doc id="2846491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846491" title="Anthropometry of the upper arm">
Anthropometry of the upper arm

The anthropometry of the upper arm is a set of measurements of the shape of the upper arms.
The principal anthropometry measures are the upper arm length, the triceps skin fold (TSF), and the (mid-)upper arm circumference ((M)UAC). The derived measures include the (mid-)upper arm muscle area ((M)UAMA), the (mid-)upper arm fat area ((M)UAFA), and the arm fat index. Although they are not directly convertible into measures of overall body fat weight and density, and research has questioned the connection between skinfold fat and deep body fat measurements, these measures are and have been used as rough indicators of body fat.
Factors influencing the bone, fat, and muscle composition of the upper arm include age, sex, nutritional status, fitness training level, and race.
Measures.
The anthropometric measures of the upper arm are divided into principal measures, which are measured directly, and derived measures, which are derived from the principal measures using specific formulae and empirically-derived corrections. The derived measures attempt to provide better indicators of body composition and nutritional status than the principal measures, by accounting for the fact that external measurements of the arm necessarily compound measurements of bone, fat, and muscle.
Principal measures.
The three principal anthropometric measures of the upper arm are the upper arm length, the triceps skin fold (TSF), and the mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC).
The triceps skin fold is the width of a fold of skin taken over the triceps muscle. It is measured using skinfold calipers. (See body fat percentage#Skinfold methods for general information on skinfold fat measurements.) The measurement is taken at a standardized position (one of eight standard skinfold measurement points) at the midpoint of the back of the upper arm. The skinfold calipers are spring-loaded. Holtain skinfold calipers are marked with 0.2 mm gradation, Lange calipers with 0.5 mm gradation.
The measurement is taken with the person standing upright, with arms hanging down loosely. The skin fold is pulled away from the muscle and measured with the calipers, taking a reading 4 seconds after the calipers have been released. The measuring point is half way between the olecranon process of the ulna and the acromion process of the scapula.
The mid-upper arm circumference is the circumference of the upper arm at that same midpoint, measured with a non-stretchable tape measure.
Derived measures.
The derived anthropometric measures include the mid-upper arm muscle area (MUAMA), the upper arm fat area (UFA), and the arm fat index.
The mid-upper arm "area" (MUAA) is an estimation of the area of the upper arm. It is derived from the MUAC using the following formula:
The mid-upper arm "muscle" circumference (MUAMC) is an estimation of the circumference of the bone and muscle portions of the upper arm. It is derived from the MUAC and the TSF by accounting for the thickness of the subcutaneous fat that surrounds the muscle, using the following formula, with the MUAC and TSF values measured in millimetres:
The mid-upper arm muscle "area" (MUAMA) is an estimation of the area of the bone and muscle portions of the upper arm. It is derived from the MUAMC using the following formula, with the MUAMC as above:
The "corrected" mid-upper arm muscle area (CMUAMA) is an estimation of the area of the muscle portions of the upper arm, attempting to eliminate the area due to bone. It is derived from the MUAMC using the following two formulae, with the MUAC and TSF values measured in centimetres:
The mid-upper arm "fat" area (MUAFA) is an estimation of the area of the far portions of the upper arm, and is simply the difference between the MUAA and the MUAMA:
From the MUAFA is derived the arm fat index (AFI), a percentage of the arm that is fat, using the following formula:
Theory and practice.
Validity.
The sex-specific constant correction values in the Corrected MUAMA formulae are derived from empirical studies. The MUAMA formula assumes that the upper arm has a circular cross-section, with a uniform subcutaneous fat layer and negligible bone content. This is, of course, not the case in reality. The correction factors are attempts to discount the contribution of the humerus. By comparing MUAMA values against computed tomography, studies by Heymsfield et al. found that, at the maximum circumference of the triceps, the contribution of bone to the total cross-sectional area was 18% in men and 17% in women, which were 10 cm² and 6.5 cm² respectively.
Even the Corrected MUAMA formulae are not valid for people who are obese or for older people. They tend to overestmate muscle area for obese people. The results of the formulae can contain small but significant errors in the cases of young people, and errors of up to 41.5% for older people. Moreover, the size of the humerus is not in fact equal in all individuals. It also varies with nutritional status.
The formulae for the derived measures are based upon an assumption that the arm is cylindrical in shape, and are thus based upon the simple geometry of a cylinder. The arm is not in fact an ideal cylinder. However, the assumptions of the formulae yield results that are close enough to actual reality that the measurements are reliable and accurate when averaged over groups of people.
The principal measurements are also subject to error. Taking a triceps skin fold measurement too frequently or for too long can result in compression of the tissue, and false readings, for example. Even which arm is measured matters, since mid-upper arm circumference is generally greater on the dominant arm (e.g. the right arm for right-handed people). Few studies make specific note of which arms were measured.
Evaluation.
The various measures are evaluated against anthropometric reference data tables, such as those derived from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data.
Mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) measurement, if conducted by well-trained staff, can give a quick assessment of new arrivals at a refugee camp during a humanitarian crisis. It is based on the observation that this measurement does not change much in children between 6 months and five years old, so comparison to a "normal" measurement is useful. Based on analysis of field results, MUAC < 125mm corresponds to Global Acute Malnutrition and MUAC < 110mm with or without Oedema corresponds to Severe Acute Malnutrition.
Correlation.
The various measures have been shown to have correlation to other measurements of body fat, including those derived from X-ray absorptiometry.
However, the relationship between measurements of subcutaneous fat in skinfolds, such as the triceps skinfold, and deep body fat have been questioned. Early research in the 1960s found a positive correlation between the two, and the skinfold measurements do provide a reasonable estimate of the deep body fat. However, research in the 1980s used computed tomography to measure deep fat, and showed a lack of correlation between that and subcutaneous fat. However, for children and adolescents the skinfold and circumference measurements provide a fair assessment of total body fat because that is where most body fat lies during those stages of human growth.
Variations.
Many factors influence the bone, fat, and muscle composition of the upper arm, and their measurements can vary by age, gender, obesity, fitness training status, and race. (This is one reason that anthropometrists have to be careful about what reference data and correction values they employ for individuals.)
One cause of age variations is the tendency for body fat to be deposited internally, rather that subcutaneously, as one ages.
Nutritional factors include zinc intake, which has been shown to have effects on both the triceps skin fold thickness and the mid-upper arm circumference.
Bingo wings.
Large, saggy flaps of skin under the arm are colloquially known as bingo wings, after the phrase was popularised by the comedy television program "Bo' Selecta!".
Bingo wings is the build-up of fat and/or extra skin that hangs from the underside of the upper arms (i.e. over the triceps). It occurs most frequently in elderly and overweight people. The problem may also occur after significant weight loss, with flaps of loose skin remaining. The term itself apparently originated from the bingo hall custom of raising one's arm aloft and bellowing "Bingo!" The relevance of the term is that when claiming a bingo prize with arms aloft, the fat around the triceps flaps around like little wings.
The term is included in the most recent edition of the "Chambers Dictionary".

</doc>
<doc id="2846497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846497" title="Marta Kauffman">
Marta Kauffman

Marta Kauffman (born September 21, 1956) is an American writer and TV producer, best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom "Friends", alongside David Crane. Both Crane and Kauffman were also executive producer of the show, along with Kevin Bright. Crane and Kauffman have also produced "Veronica's Closet", starring Kirstie Alley, and "Jesse", starring Christina Applegate. From 2005–2006 she was an executive producer on "Related". Both writers were the creators of the 1990 HBO series Dream On.
Kauffman attended Brandeis University and received her BA in Theater in 1978. As of 2013, Kauffman lives with her husband Michael Skloff, composer of the "Friends" theme song, in Los Angeles. Kauffman has three children: Hannah, Sam and Rose.
Marta attended Marple Newtown High School, located near Philadelphia, where she was the student director of the school play "Our Town" in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="2846501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846501" title="Robbie Hart (cricketer)">
Robbie Hart (cricketer)

Robert Garry "Robbie" Hart (born 2 December 1974, Hamilton, Waikato) is a New Zealand cricketer. He was the first choice Test wicket-keeper for the New Zealand cricket team after the retirement of Adam Parore.
Hart played 11 Tests for his country and took 29 catches and one stumping before retiring in August 2004. He did not feature much at international level with the bat but scored a solitary fifty against the West Indies.
His brother, Matthew, also played cricket for Northern Districts Knights and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2846507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846507" title="Worst-Case Scenario series">
Worst-Case Scenario series

The Worst-Case Scenario Survival Handbook (ISBN 0-8118-2555-8) by Joshua Piven and David Borgenicht is a book published in 1999 by Chronicle Books. It has sold over 10 million copies worldwide and spawned a series of related books, games, and a television show called "Worst Case Scenarios". 
A worst-case scenario is the most severe possible outcome that can be projected to occur in a given situation. Conceiving of worst-case scenarios is a common form of strategic planning to prepare for and minimize contingencies that could result in accidents, quality problems, or other issues. The books provide instructions for situations like landing a plane and surviving a shark attack.

</doc>
<doc id="2846518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846518" title="Pantheon-Sorbonne University">
Pantheon-Sorbonne University

Pantheon-Sorbonne University (), also known as "Paris I", is a public research university in Paris, France. It focuses on the areas of law, humanities, political science, social sciences, and economics. It is one of the thirteen inheritors of the world's second oldest academic institution, the University of Paris, shortly before the latter officially ceased to exist on December 31, 1970, as a consequence of the French cultural revolution of 1968, often referred to as "the French May".
A major pole of research and learning, Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne is one of the most prestigious universities in France and the best one in its main domains. On that basis among others, it was rated by the 2014 QS World University Ranking 13th in History and Archaeology (1st in France), 20th in Law and Legal Studies (1st in France), 22nd in Philosophy (1st in France), 43rd in Geography and Area Studies (1st in France), 44th in Economics and Econometrics (1st in France), 51-100th in Accounting and Finance (1st in France), 51-100th in Politics and International Studies (2nd in France), 51-100th in Modern Languages (2nd in France), and 151-200th in Statistics and Operational Research (4th in France).
Pantheon-Sorbonne's headquarters is located on the Place du Panthéon in the Latin Quarter, an area in the 5th and the 6th arrondissements of Paris. The university also occupies part of the Sorbonne and other renowned French university buildings. Some forty thousand students (including internationals) are enrolled in fourteen teaching and research departments (Unités de Formation et de Recherche), as well as five institutes offering degree courses in law, political science, economics, management and humanities.
The University Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne supports a modern approach of humanities, political, social and economic sciences on the basis of research, fieldwork, participant observation and ethnography. The dual master's degree (such as "Economics and Psychology" or "Economics and Quantitative Economics", among others) in partnership with other important French academic institutions such as the Paris Descartes University or the Sciences Po, among others, emphasizes opportunities offered as far as research is concerned.
History.
After the ideological, cultural and social fever which took hold of France in May and June 1968, a new university scene emerged; the law of 12 November 1968 instituted autonomous, multidisciplinary universities.
Paris I University was founded on the basis of a profound wish for change to produce an original academic project bringing together humanities, law and economics. Instead of having separate faculties, the university was divided into much more specialized departments (UFR). For instance the UFR of international law has the same relationship with the UFR of geography as with the UFR or commercial law. This was a revolutionary change, as those subjects had previously been taught in highly distinct and hierarchical faculties. To the traditional degree courses in France in history, geography, philosophy, art history, archaeology, economics, law and political science, new disciplines were gradually added, including visual arts, mathematics applied to social sciences, business management, tourism, culture and communications.
The name of the university embodies this triple tradition: the Sorbonne is the traditional seat of the Humanities studies in Paris (hence it is also used by and University Paris-Sorbonne, and the Place du Panthéon building is the seat of the law school (hence it is also used by Panthéon-Assas). Business studies had no traditional seat, as they were taught by law faculties.
Campus.
The University of Paris I shares with the others inheritors of the university of Paris some of the most prestigious university buildings in France. Since the sixties, the university has expanded at an unprecedented rate and has built on or acquired nearly twenty new sites in the capital and immediate suburbs. 
Recent constructions and acquisitions.
The main buildings are the Centre Pierre Mendès France, the Centre René Cassin, the Centre Saint-Charles, the Centre Arago which houses the new International Relations Building; the research centers have been relocated, in particular in the Rue Malher and the Boulevard de l’Hôpital, where the Economics Building is currently located.
Academic programs.
The University Paris I is the second biggest university in France where humanities and social sciences can be studied, the first one being Paris-Sorbonne University, which inherited the Arts and Humanity department of the university of Paris after 1971.
There are three main families of subjects:
All legal studies merged into the Sorbonne Law School in 2009.
In addition, Paris I comprises five institutes: the Institute for the Study of Economic and Social Development (IEDES), the Paris Demography Institute (IDUP), the Institute for Research and Advanced Studies in Tourism (IREST), the Institute of Labour Studies (ISST) and the Institute of Philosophy of Sciences and Techniques (IHPST).
Research at the University.
The following sampling of statistics demonstrate the importance of research at Paris I:
The eleven hundred members of faculty, 200 researchers who are attached to major research institutions, mainly the CNRS (National Center for Scientific 
Research), and 150 technical and administrative staff are grouped in 68 research groups recognised by the CNRS and the Ministry of Education and Research.
Every year around 400 PhD theses are defended and 1,700 pre-PhD post-graduate degrees are awarded in 74 subjects divided between 15 graduate schools.
The scope of research is vast, as can be seen by the number and variety of high quality conferences and colloquia organized by the different research centers. 
The themes provide a meeting point between science and culture and cover different aspects of the relationships between the individual and society.
Research programs exist in economics, management and applied mathematics; in law and politics; in philosophy and the arts; in history, art history and archaeology; in geography, demography and sociology, to name but some.
Documentary resource centers.
Pantheon-Sorbonne University manages one of the largest documentary resource centers in France, the Bibliothèque de la Sorbonne. The Sorbonne library has a collection of almost three million books, 100,000 of which are more than 200 years old, and 17,500 periodicals covering all the humanities. The library and map collection of the Geography Institute are the oldest such collection in France. In addition, the 400,000 volumes in the specialist libraries offer users one of the largest collections in France and Europe.
The Cujas Library, co-administered with Panthéon-Assas, with its computerized documentation service, provides access to over 500 data banks and is the largest law and economics library in France.
The new economics building houses another resource center, and the library at the Centre Pierre Mendès France offers students free access to its large collection.
International.
The University Paris 1 has signed over 150 conventions with foreign universities across five continents. These exchanges revolve around international networks such as Europaeum which bring together some of Europe's best universities in Oxford, London, Bologna, Bonn, Geneva, Helsinki, Leiden and Prague. The University of Paris I also heads a number of consortia which bring together French universities and professional organisations. The consortia are responsible for major international projects in Bucharest, Buenos Aires, Cairo, Istanbul (Galatasaray), and Moscow.
Six thousand international students, mainly from Europe, come to study as part of the SOCRATES or TEMPUS programmes. African students are joined by increasing numbers from Asia and America, and take part in specific programs organised in conjunction with universities across the world.
Staff mobility is another priority and every year some 130 academics from foreign universities come to teach and do research at the University of Paris I.
Finally, international research at the University of Paris I is paramount. Many researchers and members of faculty take part in major international research programs abroad; the University also hosts many annual international conferences.
Dual and double degree programs.
Alternatively, students can apply for admission into one of the school's dual degree or double degree programs designed in conjunction with partner universities in France and abroad. Double degree programs confer two degrees to students, whereas dual degrees confer only a degree from the host university.
Rankings.
A human competitiveness index & analysis by the Human Resources & Labor Review, and published in Chasecareer Network, ranked the University of Paris system 33rd internationally in 2010. In the global 2011 QS World University Rankings, the University is ranked 213th overall, ranking 34th for Arts and Humanities and 42nd for Social Sciences. In the Times Higher Education Ranking 2010 Pantheon-Sorbonne University was rated 32nd for "Arts and Humanities" and 37th for "Social Science".
Moreover, in the QS World University Rankings by Subject 2011 Pantheon-Sorbonne was rated 37th for "Politics and international studies" (2nd in France), 41st for "History" (1st in France), 47th for "Philosophy" (2nd in France) and it was ranked among the Top 100 Universities for "Modern Languages", "Accounting and Finance" and "Economics".
In the QS World University Ranking by Subject 2012 Sorbonne Paris 1 University was rated 81st in "Politics and international studies" (2nd in France), 87th in "Finance" (2nd in France), 85th in "Economics" (1st in France), 26th in History (1st in France), 31st in Philosophy (2nd in France)and 89th in "Modern languages" (2nd in France).
In the QS World University Ranking by Subject 2013 Sorbonne Paris 1 University is rated 44th in "Politics and international studies" (2nd in France), 47th in "Economics" (1st in France), 19th in "History" (1st in France), 26th in "Philosophy" (1st in France), 18th in "Law" (1st in France).

</doc>
<doc id="2846524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846524" title="Jessica Emmett">
Jessica Emmett

Jessica Emmett (born 1982) is a photographer and conceptual artist. She was born in Hong Kong to a Vietnamese refugee, who had fled Vietnam after the Vietnam War. She was put up for adoption and subsequently adopted by British expatriates. She emigrated with her adopted family to the UK in 1998. Jessica Emmett has a BA in Photography and an MA in Media Arts (with distinction) from Manchester Metropolitan University.
Jessica is now a practicing artist who explores very raw and personal experiences of being transracially adopted by examining adoption processes and themes surrounding family, race, colonialism and cultural diaspora. The foundation of Jessica’s experimental practice stems from film and photography, which lead to installations, performance and interactive pieces.
A strong method within Jessica’s practice is the act of repetition. This reaction is almost spiritual in response to unlocking memories, be these memories of her own or that of a cultural consciousness that she has lost along the way as a result of being adopted.
More recently, Jessica has started giving talks about her adoption experience and issues relating to transracial adoption to a number of international groups.

</doc>
<doc id="2846537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846537" title="Tunnel Through the Deeps">
Tunnel Through the Deeps

Tunnel Through the Deeps (also published as A Transatlantic Tunnel, Hurrah!) is a 1972 alternate history/science fiction novel by Harry Harrison. It was serialized in "Analog" magazine beginning in the April 1972 issue.
The title refers to the construction of a submerged floating-tube pontoon bridge/tunnel across the Atlantic Ocean in the novel.
Plot summary.
In an alternative history, the United States lost the American Revolutionary War, George Washington was shot as a traitor, and America is still, in 1973, under the control of the British Empire. The divergence point between this world and our own occurred far earlier, however, when the Moors won the battle of Navas de Tolosa on the Iberian peninsula, on July 16, 1212. Thus it was that Spain was unable to become unified, owing to the survival of an Islamic presence in its territory, and therefore could not finance the expedition of Christopher Columbus in 1492. Instead, it was John Cabot who discovered America, just a few years later. 
The protagonist, Captain Augustine Washington, is a direct descendant of George Washington, and labors in his 'traitorous' shadow. Captain Washington and Sir Isambard Brassey-Brunel (descendant of Isambard Kingdom Brunel) get together to link the heart of the British Empire with its far-flung Atlantic colony in North America, although they fall out over Augustine's wooing of Isabard's young daughter, Iris, and as a result of disputes over engineering techniques. However, the two are reconciled on Sir Isambard's deathbed, and the lovers later marry.
Detective Richard Tracy also makes an appearance, as do 'Lord' Amis and 'Reverend' Aldiss.

</doc>
<doc id="2846542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846542" title="QLogic">
QLogic

QLogic Corporation is an Aliso Viejo, California-based manufacturer of high performance networking equipment. It also sells QLogic-branded products via distributors to value-added resellers.
History.
QLogic was created in 1992 after being spun off by Emulex; the two are now competitors for the Fibre Channel HBA market. QLogic has acquired many companies over the years including Ancor, Little Mountain Group, PathScale, SilverStorm and NetXen. QLogic's original business was disk controllers. This business was sold to Marvell in 2005. QLogic was led by chairman H.K. Desai from 1996 until his death in June 2014. Prasad Rampall is the company's CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="2846545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846545" title="Ancient monument">
Ancient monument

In British law, an ancient monument is an early historical structure or monument (e.g. an archaeological site) worthy of preservation and study due to archaeological or heritage interest. The term differs from the American term "National Monument" in that U.S. National Monuments are comparatively few in number and may include natural formations; British Ancient Monuments are by definition man-made.
Ancient monuments are defined by the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 as

</doc>
<doc id="2846549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846549" title="Herr Lehmann">
Herr Lehmann

Herr Lehmann is a German novel by Sven Regener, published in 2001, adapted for the screen in 2003. It has been translated into English by John Brownjohn under the title Berlin Blues.
The book has sold more than 1 million copies in German and Regener received the Deutscher Filmpreis in gold for the screenplay. The story tells of the life of Frank Lehmann in Berlin in 1989. Regener's prequel "Neue Vahr Süd" (published in 2004) tells of Frank Lehmann's life in the year 1980, especially his time in the Bundeswehr (German armed forces).
Plot.
Frank Lehmann will soon turn 30 years old which is why all his friends tease him by calling him by his last name, Herr Lehmann. He works in a bar in Kreuzberg and drinks a lot of beer. Episodes in the story include his daily life in Kreuzberg; his parents' visit to Berlin; his love affair with Katrin, the beautiful cook; taking care of his best friend Karl, who slowly goes insane; and the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Film.
Leander Haußmann did an adaption with the same name Herr Lehmann for the screen with the former MTV video jockey Christian Ulmen in the title role. At the 54th German Film Award in Berlin in 2004 the film was awarded 2 Golden Lolas for Detlev Buck (best supporting actor) and for Regener (best screenplay).

</doc>
<doc id="2846566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846566" title="List of schools in Somalia">
List of schools in Somalia


</doc>
<doc id="2846590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846590" title="Marais">
Marais

Marais () means "marsh" in the French language.
Marais may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846591" title="List of schools in Sudan">
List of schools in Sudan

High schools in Khartoum.
New Horizon international school

</doc>
<doc id="2846601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846601" title="John Marriott (British politician)">
John Marriott (British politician)

Sir John Arthur Ransome Marriott (17 August 1859 – 6 June 1945) taught modern history at Oxford University from 1884 to 1920. He was an Honorary fellow, formerly fellow, lecturer and tutor in modern History, of Worcester College, Oxford. He served as a Conservative member of Parliament for Oxford from 1917–1922 and for York from 1923–1929. During the course of his lifetime he wrote more than forty books on historical and political subjects.
He was knighted in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="2846607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846607" title="Reserved decision">
Reserved decision

Reserved decision is a legal term. After the hearing of a trial or the argument of a motion a judge might not immediately deliver a decision, but instead take time to review evidence and the law and deliver a decision at a later time, usually in a written form.
It is a more thought out decision compared to ex tempore where a judge hands down a decision of a case soon or right after a hearing.

</doc>
<doc id="2846608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846608" title="British post offices in China">
British post offices in China

The British post offices in China were a system of post offices set up by the United Kingdom in various treaty ports of China in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
As a consequence of the Treaty of Nanking of 29 August 1842, Great Britain opened five consular postal agencies on 16 April 1844. Another five were opened later.
Initially letters were simply bagged in these cities and carried to Hong Kong, where they were cancelled "B62"; later (1860s/70s) each office received its own postmarking devices.
Postage stamps of Hong Kong were used from 1862 on, but after 1 January 1917 the Hong Kong stamps were overprinted "CHINA". The initial overprinting including 16 values ranging from 1 cent to 10 dollars; from 1922 on, an additional 10 values with the Multiple Script CA watermark were also overprinted.
All of the offices were closed on 30 November 1922 with the exception of the Crown Colony of Wei Hai Wei (Port Arthur and Liu Kung Tau) which closed on October 1, 1930.
The settlement at Wei-Hai-Wei was a leasehold rather than a treaty port. It was occupied on 24 May 1898, and mail franked with the Wei-Hai-Wei local was carried to Chefoo by Cornébé and Co. for onward processing. This lasted until the Chinese Liu Kung Tau Post Office was opened in March 1899, and it was in turn replaced by a British post office on 1 September 1899. A second British Post Office was opened at Port Edward in 1904. Hong Kong stamps overprinted CHINA continued in use in both offices until the settlement was given up on 1 October 1930.
Weihaiwei also had its own revenue stamps.
British Railway Administration.
On 20 April 1901 Chinese ½c stamps were overprinted B.R.A. / 5 / Five Cents for use by the British Railway Administration in the North China Railway. The stamp was in use for only 30 days and it was used for the collection of the 5c late letter fee. The late fee was abolished on 20 May 1901 and the stamp withdrawn. These stamps exist both with black overprinted characters and green overprinted characters.

</doc>
<doc id="2846616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846616" title="5 Gallons of Diesel">
5 Gallons of Diesel

5 Gallons of Diesel is a retrospective music DVD featuring Les Claypool and his various side projects. Released on November 15, 2005 by Prawn Song Records, the DVD contains 3.5 hours of music videos, live performances, and other miscellaneous video material pertaining to Claypool and his music.

</doc>
<doc id="2846624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846624" title="As I was going by Charing Cross">
As I was going by Charing Cross

"As I was going by Charing Cross" (sometimes referred to as "As I was going to Charing Cross"), is an English language nursery rhyme. The rhyme was first recorded in the 1840s, but it may have older origins in street cries and verse of the seventeenth century. It refers to the equestrian statue of King Charles I in Charing Cross, London, and may allude to his death or be a puritan satire on royalist reactions to his execution. It was not recorded in its modern form until the mid-nineteenth century. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 20564.
Lyrics.
Modern versions include:
<poem>As I was going by Charing Cross,
I saw a black man upon a black horse;
They told me it was King Charles the First-
Oh dear, my heart was ready to burst!</poem>
The Roud Folk Song Index, which catalogues folk songs and their variations by number, classifies the song as 20564.
Origin.
The rhyme is thought to refer to the equestrian statue of Charles I (r. 1625–49), which was erected after the Restoration in 1660 and was moved in 1675 to the site of the old Charing Cross in central London. The tarnished bronze statue is largely dark in colour, but the "black" may refer to the king's hair colour.
The last line may refer to the reaction of the crowd when he was beheaded, or it may be a puritan satire on royalist reactions to the event. The rhyme may also have been produced out of a combination of existing couplets. A traditional London street cry was:
<poem>I cry my matches at Charing Cross,
Where sits a black man on a black horse.</poem>
or
<poem>I cry my matches by old Charing-Cross,
Where sitteth King Charles upon a black horse.</poem>
A note of a ballad in a seventeenth-century manuscript at Oxford contains the lines:
<poem>But because I cood not a vine Charlles the furste
By my toth my hart was readdy to burst</poem>
The first part was printed as a children's rhyme in a variation of the more famous "Ride a Cock Horse" in "Pretty Tales", published in 1808, with the lyrics:
<poem>Ride a Cock Horse,
To Charing Cross,
To see a black man,
Upon a black horse.</poem>
The modern version, which may combine elements of this rhyme with a reference to the execution of Charles I, was first collected and printed by James Orchard Halliwell in the 1840s.

</doc>
<doc id="2846628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846628" title="Tournon">
Tournon

Tournon is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="2846649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846649" title="Ostrog">
Ostrog

Ostrog may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846658" title="Bernard Voorhoof">
Bernard Voorhoof

Bernard Voorhoof (10 May 1910 – 18 February 1974) was a Belgian footballer, the Belgium national team top scorer since 1940 with 30 goals in 61 matches. He was joined by Paul Van Himst in 1974 who needed 81 matches to score the same number of goals.
He started his career at Lierse SK and stayed there for 21 years. With Lierse, he scored 350 goals in 529 matches and won 2 Belgian First Division Titles.
Voorhoof played in the 1930, 1934 and 1938 World Cups, being one of six known people (5 players and 1 match official) to have appeared in all three of the pre-war World Cups.
He died in 1974 aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="2846660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846660" title="Trend line">
Trend line

Trend line can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846663" title="Little Skellig">
Little Skellig

Little Skellig (Irish: "Sceilig Bheag") is an island in the Atlantic Ocean, 11 km south-west of Valentia Island in County Kerry, Ireland. It is the smaller of the two Skellig Islands, the other being Skellig Michael, 1 km to the south-west. The island has a large bird population, including a colony of Northern Gannets which is the largest in Ireland, and one of the largest in the world. The island, together with Skellig Michael, is the centre of a 364 ha Important Bird Area established by BirdWatch Ireland in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2846664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846664" title="Ding Dong Bell">
Ding Dong Bell

"Ding Dong Bell" or "Ding Dong Dell" is a popular English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 12853.
Lyrics.
The most common modern version is:
Origins.
The earliest recorded reference to the rhyme is from John Lant, the organist of Winchester Cathedral in 1580, who recorded the following rhyme:
<poem>Jacke boy, ho boy newes,
let us ring now for her Knell,
It was printed in Thomas Ravenscroft's "Pammelia, Musicks Miscellanie" in 1609, as a canon for four voices.
The phrase 'Ding, dong, bell' also appears several times in plays by Shakespeare. However, given the original of Shakespeare plays were in Quarto text and the majority were not published until 1623 in the First Folio (seven years after his death), the following phrase could actually be the writer's original instructions for sound effects, although this is not certain. The relevant passages are:
"The Tempest", Act I, Scene II:
"The Merchant of Venice", Act III, Scene II:
The earliest version to resemble the modern one is from "Mother Goose's Melody" published in London around 1765. The additional lines that include (arguably) the more acceptable ending for children with the survival of the cat are in James Orchard Halliwell's "Nursery Rhymes of England", where the cat is pulled out by "Dog with long snout".
Several names are used for the malevolent Johnny Green, including Tommy O' Linne (1797) and Tommy Quin (c. 1840). Iona and Peter Opie suggested that it may have had its origins in Tom a lin or Tom o' Lin, the protagonist of another nursery rhyme.
Reformed versions.
The most common modern version is arguably already a moderation of the theme of the original rhyme. The fear that children might be affected by the violence of the rhyme and specifically that children might be tempted to put cats in wells, led to several attempts to reform the rhyme. In his "New Rhymes for Old" (1949) Geoffrey Hall published the following alternative:
Variants.
A modern version replaces the word "pussy" with "kitty".

</doc>
<doc id="2846680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846680" title="Wayne Toups">
Wayne Toups

Wayne Toups (born October 2, 1958 in Crowley, Louisiana) is one of the most commercially successful American Cajun singers. He is also a songwriter. Wayne Toups has been granted numerous awards and honors throughout his career including 2010 Festivals Acadiens et Créoles dedicated in his name, Offbeat Magazine Album of the Year recipient. Member of The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame, Gulf Coast Hall of Fame, and Cajun French Music Hall of Fame, 55th Annual Grammy Awards Nominee. 
Biography.
Wayne Toups was born into a family of rice farmers in Crowley, Louisiana. He first picked up an accordion when he was 13 and quickly began winning local accordion contests. Toups has combined Cajun music, zydeco, R&B, and rock into a genre he calls Zydecajun. He sings in both English and French.
Toups released his first album, "Wayne Toups and the Crowley Aces" in Europe in the late 1970s. Toups began gaining popularity in the United States around 1984 when he began performing at local festivals such as the Festivals Acadiens in Lafayette, Louisiana. In 1986 he released his first album, "Zydecajun". The Cajun French Music Association's awarded him their "Song of the Year" Award in 1991 for his song "Late in Life." Three of his songs, including wedding favorite "Take My Hand", were featured in the movie "Dirty Rice", and some of his work is also featured on the soundtracks for the movie "Steel Magnolias" and the television show "Broken Badges". He has recorded for the major record labels Mercury/Polygram and Mercury. His 1995 release, "Back to the Bayou" became the fastest-selling record ever for the independent Louisiana label Swallow Records. 
Besides playing his own music, Toups has been featured playing the accordion on singles for many country music stars. He appears on the Mark Chesnutt Number One hit It Sure Is Monday", on Clay Walker's "Live Laugh Love", and Alan Jackson's "Little Bitty." He has also played with Sammy Kershaw, George Jones, Mark Wills, Garth Brooks, and Ty England.
Toups is often known for wearing bright outfits during his performances. He has toured in over twenty-six countries, including in South America, Canada, Europe and the Far East. He has appeared on MTV and on the 1990 Super Bowl telecast. 

</doc>
<doc id="2846695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846695" title="Chipped chopped ham">
Chipped chopped ham

Chipped ham is a processed ham luncheon meat made from chopped ham. Chopped ham is a mixture of ham chunks and trimmings and seasonings, ground together and then packaged into loaves. By chipping the meat loaf against a commercial meat slicer blade, the resultant thinly-sliced product is alleged to possess more flavor than if thickly sliced. In Western Pennsylvania, northern West Virginia and eastern Ohio, the slicing process is also known as "Pittsburgh Style". Sometimes the chopped ham, once chipped, is mixed with barbecue sauce before it is made into a sandwich to make a "barbecued chipped ham sandwich," a Pittsburgh favorite. The ham can also be fried before making into a sandwich, sometimes referred to as "frizzle fry" on the menu. Isaly's in Pittsburgh helped to popularize chipped ham.
Chipped ham reached a broad audience in the post-World War II era when it was heavily marketed as a lunchmeat suitable for packed lunches. Former United States Army soldiers likened it to Spam, to which they had grown accustomed while in the army. Its popularity has been furthered by its relatively low cost per pound. 
The product is produced by a few meat packing facilities that process pork products and is marketed under a variety of commercial brand names.

</doc>
<doc id="2846715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846715" title="Teenage Cancer Trust">
Teenage Cancer Trust

Teenage Cancer Trust is a charity that focuses on the needs of teenagers and young adults with cancer, leukaemia, Hodgkin’s and related diseases by providing specialist teenage units in NHS hospitals. The units are dedicated areas for teenage and young adult patients, who are involved in their concept and creation. Medical facilities on the units are equipped with computers, TVs, game consoles – designed to be places where friends and family feel comfortable to visit.
To date, the charity has built 25 units in London, Leeds, Liverpool, Birmingham, Sheffield, Newcastle, Manchester, Glasgow, Southampton, Edinburgh, Cardiff, Bristol, Cambridge, Cottingham, Leicester, Nottingham and Wirral.
The charity also serves as an advocate for teenage cancer needs, becoming instrumental in the establishment of related research and national and international forums. It also provides support services and education related to teen cancer.
History.
The idea for the charity grew by chance, out of the eagerness of a group of women to organise a fashion show to fund a children's intensive care heart unit at Guy's Hospital, London. Established in 1990, the charity’s work has expanded dramatically. As well as an Education and Awareness team with a schools programme providing information, education and advice that reaches pupils all over the UK, the charity funds and organises a forum for professionals to ensure information and best practice sharing. It sponsors a teenage conference, Find Your Sense of Tumour, an International Conference on Cancer and the Adolescent and have just appointed the world’s first Professor of Adolescent Cancer Medicine.
Administrative.
The Teenage Cancer Trust was registered as a charity in the United Kingdom on 29 May 1997, and holds registration number 1062559 (England & Wales) and SC039757 (Scotland). Today the organisation operates from offices in West London, with an annual income of around £6½M a year.
Presidents of the charity are Dr Adrian Leon Whiteson OBE and Myrna Nita Whiteson MBE.
The trustees of the charity are David Hoare (Chairman), Susie Foottit, Diane Margaret Freedman, Dr John Matlin, Ronnie Harris, Alan Patten, Richard Barry Rosenberg and Marc Woods.
The patrons of the charity are Sarah, Duchess of York and Roger Daltrey. 
Celebrity involvement.
Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend of rock band The Who have been intimately involved with the annual charity concerts at Royal Albert Hall. Daltrey has endorsed 'The Whodlums', a Who tribute band based in North East England, which regularly raises money for the Trust.
Some of the many others who have been involved include Ash, Noel Gallagher, Kasabian, Suede, Stereophonics, Glenn Tipton, McFly, Ronnie Wood, Chris Martin, The Specials, Muse, The Fratellis, Noel Fielding, Russell Brand, Paul Weller, Them Crooked Vultures, Steve Cradock, Duffy, Arctic Monkeys, Bullet for my Valentine, Florence and the Machine, VV Brown, Antony and the Johnsons, Seth Lakeman, Kate Rusby, Fairport Convention, Fightstar, The Blackout, Depeche Mode, Tinie Tempah, Jessie J, Biffy Clyro, Editors, Beady Eye, One Direction, Mathew Horne and James Corden.
Other celebrities who have supported the charity are Joe McElderry, Frank Lampard, Holly Willoughby, Gerald Scarfe, Jameela Jamil, Jorgie Porter and Harry Judd.
The line-up for the charity's 2013 shows at the Royal Albert Hall features Ryan Adams, Beth Orton, Russell Brand, Noel Fielding, Primal Scream, Echo and the Bunnymen, Kasabian, Dark Horses, Noel Gallagher, Damon Albarn, Graham Coxon, Gruff Rhys, Rizzle Kicks, Labrinth, Paul Weller and Palma Violets.
Giles Long MBE, the triple Paralympic gold medallist and TV presenter was treated at the very first Teenage Cancer Trust unit at the Middlesex Hospital in London from October 1991 to March 1992 for a bone tumour. He appeared briefly on stage with The Who at the Royal Albert Hall, along with Marc Woods in November 2000. It was the first Who concert in the UK for over twenty years and the first of many fundraisers by the band for the TCT. He continues to raise money for the charity and visits patients.
Corporate supporters.
Corporate supporters include Home Retail Group which includes Argos and Homebase, Nomura, TOPMAN, Coffee Republic, Sony, MandMDirect plus many more.
Teenage Cancer Trust was Arsenal F.C.'s "charity of the season" 2008/09 and Arsenal F.C. have been involved with the trust for many years. A ninety second television advertisement called 'Do What I Say' was made by advertising agency Brothers and Sisters and featured nine of the Arsenal squad - Manuel Almunia, Cesc Fàbregas, Kolo Touré, William Gallas, Eduardo da Silva, Johan Djourou, Gaël Clichy, Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna, and was voiced by comedian and Arsenal fan Matt Lucas.
Notable fundraisers.
In April 2014, the Trust announced its largest ever individual donation of over £2million after a fundraising campaign by Stephen Sutton, a teenager with terminal cancer. Sutton died on 14 May 2014, but his campaign continued and had reached £4.2million by 12 June 2014. It was revealed in the Queen's Birthday Honours in June 2014 that he had been awarded an MBE in recognition of his fundraising and services to the Teenage Cancer Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="2846727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846727" title="FC-HBA API">
FC-HBA API

In computing, the FC-HBA API (also called the SNIA Common HBA API) is an Application Programming Interface for Host Bus Adapters connecting computers to hard disks via a Fibre Channel network. It was developed by the Storage Networking Industry Association
and published by the T11.5 committee of INCITS
An "early implementers version" was published in 2000, and the current version was completed in 2002. 
According to the FAQ,
"the HBA API has been overwhelmingly adopted by Storage Area Network vendors to help manage, monitor, and deploy storage area networks in an interoperable way." Vendors supply their own library (written in C) as plugins for a common HBA library.
Operating system support.
Windows Server 2003, AIX 5,HPUX and Solaris include support for FC-HBA API and it is being added to Linux.

</doc>
<doc id="2846734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846734" title="Aimé Anthuenis">
Aimé Anthuenis

Aimé Anthuenis (born 21 December 1943) is a former Belgian footballer and ex-coach of the Belgium national football team.
Club career.
Antheunis played for local sides Racing Lokeren and KSC Lokeren as well as for FC Eeklo and KV Ertvelde.
Coaching career.
The Lokeren-born player and manager used to coach among others Genk and Anderlecht with whom he won three Belgian championships in a row from 1999 until 2001 (the first with Genk, the following two with Anderlecht), and was also voted Jupiler League Coach of the Year those years. At Anderlecht, his team played its best UEFA Champions League season since the appearance of a group stage by winning matches against Real Madrid, Manchester United, Lazio Roma, PSV Eindhoven, and Dynamo Kiev. He was the national team coach of Belgium from July 2002 but his contract, running to July 2006 was not renewed after the team failed to qualify for Euro 2004 and the 2006 World Cup. On 1 January 2006, Anthuenis took up the post of manager of KSC Lokeren. It was his third spell managing the club. On 28 February 2006, he resigned as Lokeren boss and retired from football on health grounds, having been admitted to hospital with cardiac-related chest pains the previous week.
On 21 February 2010 EXQI League club Lierse hired the former K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot coach to replace Herman Helleputte who has become the club's technical director.

</doc>
<doc id="2846739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846739" title="Jamie Ram">
Jamie Ram

Jamie Ram (born January 18, 1971 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the tenth round, 213th overall, by the New York Rangers in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. He played one NHL game with the Rangers, in the 1995–96 season, replacing Glenn Healy and playing the last 29 minutes of a game against the Colorado Avalanche. He stopped all nine shots he faced.

</doc>
<doc id="2846742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846742" title="Blue Shirts Society">
Blue Shirts Society

The Blue Shirts Society (, commonly abbreviated as BSS) also known as the Society of Practice of the Three Principles of the People (, commonly abbreviated as SPTPP), the Spirit Encouragement Society () and the China Reconstruction Society (, commonly abbreviated as CRS), was a secret clique in the Kuomintang (KMT, or the Chinese Nationalist Party).
Although in its early stage the society's most important members came from the Whampoa Military Academy, and constituted elements of the KMT's Whampoa Clique, by the 1930s its influence extended into the military and political spheres, and had influence upon China's economy and society. The rise and fall of the Blue Shirt Society was rapid, but obscure, and was seldom mentioned again by either the KMT or the Communist Party of China after the establishment of the People's Republic of China and the following KMT domination on Taiwan.
Birth.
The Blue Shirts origins can be traced to the Whampoa Clique of 1924 - professional military officers - many of whom had sworn personal loyalty to Chiang Kai-shek, as well to the ideals of Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People.
After the Northern Expedition of 1927, Chiang and the KMT seized most of China's territories. The government established was in a degree of social crisis: there were tensions as Japan's conquest of Manchuria; Chiang had also formally split the First United Front, the alliance between the KMT and the CCP (Communist Party of China), turning the two parties against each other. The CCP had bases in the cities and to a lesser degree in the countryside, posing a threat to Chiang's government. The KMT itself was not of one mind; divided into several cliques, there were power struggles between Chiang, Hu Hanmin and Wang Jingwei. China was still scourged by corruption, poverty, and infrequent civil war.
Being the foundation of Chiang's rule, some Whampoa graduates felt it time to take action. Consequently, in July 1931, Teng Jie (滕傑) and Xiao Zanyu (蕭贊育) were sent back to China to investigate the threat from Japan and any forthcoming war.
When Teng and Xiao returned to China, they were upset to find the KMT, in their eyes, "gravitating toward decadence". Teng designed a blueprint to reform the KMT, suggesting a single great and powerful leader could save China and the KMT. The leader could rule by all means, hopefully as a benevolent dictator. Chiang was a sound candidate, and over the following months Teng traveled around the capital of Nanjing seeking support from Whampoa fellows.
Teng was acquainted with Zeng Kuoqing (曾擴情), among the first graduates of Whampoa, and the man in charge of the Whampoa Alumni Association. Because the KMT banned organized political parties, Teng and Zeng searched for alumni in secret. Zeng used his influence and personal relations among Whampoa graduates to organize periodic meetings to discuss Teng's plan.
After several months the group included prominent Whampoa graduates, including He Zhonghan (賀衷寒), widely regarded one of The Three Most Outstanding Whampoa graduates (the other two being CCP members Jiang Xianyun (蔣先雲) and Chen Geng (陳賡), the patriarch of the Sun Yat-sen Theory Research Group at that time); Hu Zongnan (胡宗南)，a rising young general in Chiang's National Revolutionary Army; Deng Wenyi (鄧文儀 )，another patriarch of the Sun Yat-sen Theory Research Group and a secretary to Chiang, and; Feng Ti (丰悌), the Commissar of the 1st Division of the KMT army.
In September 1931, in the third meeting of the group, an organization to reform the KMT and fight against Japan was decided. Under the direction of He Zhonghan, this group was named the Society of the Practice of Three Principles of People (三民主義力行社, SPTPP). Teng was elected General Secretary. The party also issued guidance on the establishment, discipline and organization of members, and confirmed its main mission as follows:
Funds were mainly raised by Deng, who ran the KMT's Party Book Shop, a publishing house for party-political propaganda. Furthermore, to avoid arrest under the KMT's political organization ban, members decided not to tell Chiang Kai-shek of their plan, even while regarding him as their spiritual mentor and leader.
Before long Kang Ze (康澤), who published the China Daily newspaper with the permission of Chiang, became the mouthpiece of the SPTPP.
In December 1931, under pressure both inside and outside the KMT, Chiang resigned. While in retirement at his hometown in Zhejiang, Chiang showed growing interest in Benito Mussolini's fascism. Deng subsequently let Chiang know of the existence of the SPTPP. Chiang summoned He, Teng and Kang to a meeting, where he announced his idea for a more formal and disciplined organization like those in Italy and Germany. Thus specific rules and articles to guide the party were drafted.
With support from Chiang, Teng designed a hierarchical organization style. At the top was Chiang, with the foundations made from the elite of Whampoa graduates. New members could only be accepted with two recommendations and approval from Chiang himself. Members were not allowed to resign unless the group faced dissolution. If there was any violation of discipline, members would receive severe punishment.
In 1932 Chiang regained the presidency after a power struggle between his opponents. Hoping to speed reform of the SPTPP, in a secret meeting in February Gui Yongqing (桂永清)， a member of the SPTPP, recommended Liu Jianqun (劉健羣) as a suitable candidate. Liu, He Yingqin's (何應欽) secretary, contributed much to the group.
Liu wrote a pamphlet called "Some Opinions On The Reform of the KMT". In this, Liu proposed reform of the KMT be enforced via a group of elites established and organized along the lines of Mussolini's MVSN or Blackshirts. Members would wear blue shirts to pledge their allegiance. Accordingly, the leader should encourage by his sublime, superior spirit. Under the direction of the leader, all members would live simple and disciplined lives, and all cadres would be treated equally, with incomes and lives under strict supervision. Violation would be severely punished. In return, the people would entrust property and their families to the country and the supreme leader. Public responsibilities would depend on ability, from military service to absolute obedience of orders including surveillance of one's neighborhoods. Lives would be divided into stages, including a young wing. Thus, China would be turned into a militarized society, with a three tier organization, highest to lowest: Supreme Leader - Blue Shirt Society - People.
Liu Jianqun ordered membership be kept a secret:
"With a view to attaining the object of immediately overthrowing the feudal influences, exterminating the Red Bandits, and dealing with foreign insult, members of the Blue Shirts Society should conduct in secret their activities in various provinces, xian, and cities, except for the central Guomindang headquarters and other political organs whose work must be executed in an official manner."
Chiang met with Liu and appreciated his theory, leading to the evolution of the SPTPP into the Blue Shirt Society (BSS). In March 1932, under cover of an existing club called the Spirit Encouragement Society (勵志社)，the SPTPP officially announced its establishment. Although Liu's proposal that members wear blue shirts and name their society after the blue shirts was not accepted, the SPTPP was privately known as the BSS from then on. In its formal opening ceremony, Teng was elected General Secretary, with He, Kang as Standing Secretariat. The BSS consisted of six divisions: Secretariat, Organization, Propaganda, Military, Special Agency and Logistics. The secret society reached its peak, with the BSS infiltrating the country's political system, military and even the everyday lives of people.
Rise and achievements.
During the early to mid-1930s Chiang was busy carrying out his suppression of the CCP's Red Army in the countryside. With his permission, the BSS took over the defense of Nanking. Most of the prominent Whampoa graduates now got promotions as commanders and became BSS members. Besides increasing its influence in the army, the BSS infiltrated the police and security services in major cities, and recruited members in the KMT youth league. The BSS now had influence in China's military, labor unions, publishing houses and schools. A new structure of power had emerged, with the BSS at the core of the Whampoa Clique, coexisting and competing against the two better known cliques: the CC Clique, led by Chen Lifu (陈立夫) and Chen Guofu (陈果夫)，whose remit was dealing with party issues, and; the Politics Research Group (政学系) led by Yang Yongtai (杨永泰) and Zhang Qun (张群), whose remit was the day-to-day running of the KMT government.
Liu's pamphlet was accepted as the guideline of the BSS, and part of it was revised into the Regulation of Life Discipline. In accordance with this, BSS members would be paid low wages, with part being donated to the BSS. Gambling and opium were banned. Anti-corruption laws and laws prohibiting BSS members from having mistresses were to be strictly abided by. The practice of BSS members became quite distinct from the majority of KMT bureaucrats.
In June 1932, an anti-graft campaign was launched under the direction of BSS member, Deng Wenyi. A special force, mostly comprising BSS members, cracked down on corrupt police officers in Wuhan. After several arrests and executions, the police force was considered improved. Deng then waged war against organized crimes, prostitution, opium and gambling. After 3 months, Deng had won Chiang's appraise. Chiang wanted this effort to be promoted around the country, and so launched a campaign to purify the capital. The results were less successful and derided as a failure.
Meanwhile, the BSS was playing an active role in suppressing the CCP. Zeng Kuoqing, using his status in the Whampoa Alumni Association, wrote a letter to Xu Jishen (许继慎), commander of Zhang Guotao's 4th Red Army and a whampoa graduate, asking Xu to defect to the KMT. Xu did not reply, but when his superiors discovered the letter, suspicions were raised and the CCP decided to carry out a purge. Thousands of commanders and soldiers were tortured and executed, weakening the CCP's resistance. In light of this, in October 1932, Hu Zongnan led his army (mainly commanded by BSS officers) in a cruel and decisive battle against Xu Xiangqian in Hekou Anhui. In contrast to other KMT armies, the army had high-morale, was composed of hand-picked men, and equipped with the best weaponry. With strong support from other armies also led by BSS members such as Yu Jishi (俞济时) and Huang Jie (黄杰), Xu's CCP army was routed. After suffering some 10,000 casualties, Zhang and Xu retreated. Hu and his troop chased, and when Zhang and his army reached Sichuan to set up another base, Hu remained in Gansu nearby. Hu, with his chosen men and strong army, became known as the King of Northwestern China.
Coinciding With the BSS's ever-increasing power and influence, disagreements within the BSS leadership mounted. Chiang, who regarded the BSS as a tool, would not allow them more power and influence. Teng could not accept this and conflicts between him and Chiang were frequent. In 1933, Chiang chose He Zhonghan to succeed Teng as General Secretary of the BSS.
As a more ambitious and skilled politician than Teng, He Zhonghan won a power struggle against his BSS rival Liu Jianqun. Subsequently, He decided to set up a propaganda network run by Kang Ze. This special agency under the direction of Dai Li, and his deputy Zheng Jiemin (郑介民), evolved into a network infiltrating every corner of China. The BSS's influence greq into Northern China, which was under direct threat of invasion by Japan. In 1933 the Japanese army invaded Rehe, and KMT armies fought against them along the Great Wall. The BSS now changed from an elite secret society into an anti-Japanese mass movement. Liu was sent to the BSS's Northern China Division, which was called the China Reconstruction Society (中华复兴社，CRS). Most members were university lecturers and student groups, and in the summer of that year the CRS had divisions in 24 provinces of China with more than 40,000 members. With the CRS controlling the political training system of the KMT, new recruits were always available. With thousands of members, political instructors and front organizations, the BSS had a kingdom under the direction of He.
Besides setting up the CRS, the BSS also played a part in the Second Stage Revolution. Using influence in Northern and Southwestern China to persuade local warlords to pledge allegiance to Chiang, a reform of the KMT armies was carried out. An air force and armored corps was set up, alongside wars against corruption, opium and poverty. Reconstruction of rural areas was undertaken, with roads built and bank loans provided to peasants. The most significant part of this movement was Kang Ze's New Jiangxi Style and Special Detachment (别动队，NJSSD).
In 1933 during the 5th Suppression Campaign against the CCP, Chiang decided to set up a paramilitary force. Kang was appointed to lead the NJSSD, the only direct military group in the BSS. Soon the NJSSD had integrated of military, political, police, military police and secret police powers. At its peak it had 24,000 members and three divisions of regular troops. The NJSSD had peasants living near Soviet Jiangxi and Northern Anhui categorized and confined, where they had limited access to the outside world. A family hoping to prove itself non-CCP needed to have the guarantee of four other families, and promise not to collaborate with or provide support to the CCP. Violations would have the whole family executed, along with the families of the four guarantors. The NJSSD set up hundreds of concentration camps around Shangrao, Jiangxi, where they tortured and executed residents and CCP captives. Under this system, fewer and fewer peasants supported the CCP. Merchants who smuggled materiel to the CCP were also broken down, with peasants organized to build blockades against the Soviet Territory. With the shortage of supplies, accompanied by heavy attacks from the KMT, the CCP had to launch its now-famous Long March in order to retreat.
The NJSSD started the New Jiangxi Style plan in territories previously occupied by the Communists, providing compulsory education and free medical treatment to peasants. With a brutal but effective anti-corruption campaign, they provided loans, seeds and pesticides also. Nevertheless, the NJSSD engaged in fervent brutality, executions of perceived CCP sympathisers, and innocents. In one case, in Mount Dabie, previously the base of the 4th Red Army in Northern Anhui, more than half a million were massacred. At the same time, in accordance with NJSSD and New Jiangxi Style, Kang reached the peak of his career, and he raised enough finances to challenge He as leader of the BSS.
Xiao Zuolin(肖作霖), a BSS member early on, drafted a plan called the Whole New Culture Movement and proposed the establishment of an organization called the Chinese Culture Academy to increase the BSS's influence in culture. Xiao got Deng Wenyi's support and carried out his plan by taking over several newspapers and journals, and by enrolling its members in universities. Its scheme of forging a movement for a new culture was adopted by Chiang, and on February 19, 1934, he announced the New Life Movement at a meeting in Nanchang. The plan involved reconstructing the moral system of the Chinese and welcoming a renaissance and reconstruction of Chinese national pride.
In March, Chiang issued guidance, consisting of 95 rules of the New Life Movement, being a mixture of Chinese traditions and western standards. It was a vast propaganda movement, with war mobilization and military maneuvers on a scale that China had never experienced before. But because the plan was so ambitious and rigid, and because its policies created too much inconvenience in the everyday lives of the people, it fell into disfavor. Nearly three years later in 1936, Chiang had to accept that his favorite movement had failed. Deng, Kang and Jiang Xiaoxian (蒋孝先), Chiang's nephew and bodyguard, also BSS members were appointed General Secretariats of the New Life Movement, with supervision of public lifestyles enforced by BSS cadres. By controlling the mouthpieces of the KMT, the BSS openly expressed advocacy of fascism in its publications.
Fall.
Unlike Teng, He was a professional politician, and never concealed his ambition for power. After fostering a Hunan Clique in the BSS, Chiang became concerned the BSS might threaten his governance. In 1934 he accused the BSS of corruption and malfunction, dismissing He as General Secretary. Liu Jianqun was appointed as successor. With NJSSD and the Southwestern Clique behind him, and the Zhejiang Clique led by Hu Zongnan and Dai Li opposing him, Liu Jianqun's BSS faced the same fragmented fate as the KMT it had helped get rid of.
With the New Culture Movement failed but still officially ongoing, the BSS spread its influence into the cultural centers of Shanghai and other major cities that used to be the CC Clique's power base.
In June 1934, the Nanchang Airport, built by donations from international Chinese, and designed to train the KMT air force, was burned down. The Aviation Commissioner, Xu Peigen (徐培根), who was also a BSS member, was the primary suspect. Deng was sent to investigate this case. He reached the conclusion that the fire was accidentally caused by a cigarette dropped by a soldier, but Chen Lifu and Yang Yongtai argued Xu masterminded the fire to eliminate evidence of corruption, and Deng had colluded to cover it up. Xu was kept in custody, Deng was sacked, and his titles were removed. The Chinese Culture Academy was banned. Dai Li was sent to take over Deng's investigation agency and quietly integrated it into his own special agency, which later evolved into the Military Statistical Bureau, the notorious secret police of the KMT. Dai no longer played any major part in the BSS now he had set up his own kingdom.
Taking advantage of this blow to the BSS's prestige, the Politics Research Clique consummated the Administrative Office System, adding new levels of administration between provinces and counties (the two tier system of provinces and counties had been used in China for more than a thousand years). With the appearance of new offices, the Politics Research Clique was able to control the county level. Many bureaucrats who used to be loyal to the CC Clique and the BSS defected to the suddenly more powerful Politics Research Clique. The Politics Research Clique took over the security forces, the police and the militia step by step. Liu, whose failures in the BSS were an embarrassment, was replaced by Feng Ti under the excuse that he had health problems. He was sent to Manchuria to work with Zeng Kuoqing.
In 1935, two editors of a pro-Japanese newspapers were assassinated in Manchuria. The Japanese thought these actions were taken by the BSS and argued it was a violation of the Tanggu Accord signed to keep the status quo between the Japanese and China. Yoshijirō Umezu (梅津美治郎), commander of the Japanese China Garrison Army and Kenji Doihara's (土肥原贤二) Japanese intelligence agency investigated and presented a memo to He Yingqing. Agreeing with the Japanese recommendations in this memo, all Chinese forces heavily influenced by the BSS (including military police, regular forces such as the 2nd Division and the 25th Division) should be evacuated from Beijing and out of Hebei province.
Taking over military training for the KMT, Feng Ti enrolled new members into the BSS. Hu Zongnan, Dai Li and other former BSS members also strengthened their grip on power by enrolling members into their own private armies. At the top were hundreds of Whampoa graduates, aided by some 30,000 mid- and low-level officers, university teachers and public servants. Below them were more than 200,000 members of the CRS. At the bottom were hundreds of thousands of boy scouts. With the organization undergoing such rapid expansion, corruption and inefficiency plagued the BSS across the country. Furthermore in 1935, there was a serious security leak in its headquarters after the BSS tried to assassinate Wang Jingwei, Chiang's presidential rival. Under heavy pressure, Feng Ti was sacked. Liu Jianquan took over, to be replaced in turn by Zheng Jiemin.
In 1936 Deng Wenyi became General Secretary of the BSS, just in time for December's Xi'an Incident. Chiang was kidnapped and held by General Zhang Xueliang, who favored fighting the Japanese more than the CCP. There were disagreements between KMT leaders on whether to solve the kidnapping by peace talks or military action. In BSS meeting, He Zhonghan and Deng were determined to use force and called for the mobilization of BSS members around the country. 176 young generals issued a statement to denounce Zhang Xueliang and declare war on his army. Under He's direction, more than 2000 officers and BSS members held a meeting pledging their allegiance to Chiang and agreeing to mobilize against the Young Marshall. Gui Yongqing led an army of more than 12,000 men in armored vehicles across the Yangtze River towards where Chiang was being held, while a few bombers were launched by overzealous military and BSS officers. Chen and other KMT leaders refused to support this, however, and even He Yingqing, who was in charge of the KMT military, did not agree with the BSS's movement. No official support was given by the KMT.
Chiang's wife Soong May-ling came to Xian for peace talks. Due to the efforts of the CCP delegation, led by Zhou Enlai, who wanted to set up an alliance with the KMT against the Japanese, Chiang was released several weeks later. After his release, Chiang took revenge on the BSS's reckless action and lack of control. Deng was sacked, with all titles removed again, and he was replaced by Kang Ze. He Zhonghan was out of favor with Chiang and forced to travel around Europe in exile. In March 1937, Chiang issued his order that all BSS activities be temporarily suspended.
With the Second Sino-Japanese War breaking out on July 7, 1937, Japanese troops seized vast areas of China. Before Nanjing fell, Kang led the retreat of the BSS from its headquarters. In 1938 the BSS held its first and last national congress in Wuhan. Here, members of the BSS and SPTPP were permitted to have their memberships automatically transferred to the KMT, members of the CRS could be transferred to the Youth League of Three Principles of the People (三民主义青年团, YLTPP). Most of the 500,000 members of the BSS and CRS refused to transfer to the KMT, instead choosing the YLTPP, which became the basis of a new force within the KMT. Hu Zongnan kept the position of Director of the YLTPP, while Kang acted as his agent. The biggest winner was Dai Li: his new spy agency, the Military Statistical Bureau was formed, and he transferred all the intelligence agents of the BSS, CRS and NJSSD into it, giving him one of the largest intelligence services in the world. He kept control over this secret empire until his death in an airplane crash in 1946.
The BSS had been officially dismissed, but Kang wished to keep it alive under the cover of the YLTPP. In the following 7 years he increased YLTPP membership from 400,000 to more than 1.5 million, and used NJSSD techniques to re-organize the YLTPP. The result was a group more efficient and disciplined than the KMT, which aroused Chiang's suspicion again. After returning from the Soviet Union, Chiang Kai-shek's son Chiang Ching-kuo sought to take over the YLTPP. Kang was reluctant and tried to resist these efforts, sealing his fate. In 1945 Kang was sent to Europe and Chiang Ching-kuo was given the YLTPP's seat. During the Chinese Civil War, members of the YLTPP suffered the same fate as the KMT. Only prominent YLTPP figures such as Kang survived CCP purges, as examples of clemency toward war criminals.
Legacy.
The following were some of the most prominent and earliest members of BSS.
Teng was later appointed as mayor of Nanjing. He went to Taiwan in 1945 with KMT troops and later retired from the position of chairman of Central Trust Bureau of the KMT. After years of retirement, he was appointed director of Labor Bureau. In 1949, when the KMT retreated to Taiwan, he was Minister of Communication and Policy Counsellor.
Liu's wife was an agent working for Kenji Doihara, bringing many confidential documents with her on defecting to the Japanese. After this, Liu himself was forced to become a fugitive to escape Dai Li's secret police. After becoming a monk and spending years in Guizhou, Chiang's men found him by chance. Chiang showed leniency by offering Liu a position as vice-speaker of the KMT Congress. When he went to Taiwan, Liu lived in poverty, and before his death in 1960s his last contribution was to provide valuable details for an article on the BSS written by an American professor.
Having risen and fallen several times, Deng showed little interest in politics after the Sino-Japanese War. He arrived in Taiwan in 1949 and retired as Director of the Political Work Bureau.
Feng Ti was appointed as commander of guard for Changsha, but was executed in 1938 after KMT forces engaged in a scorched earth policy to resist the invasion of Japanese army. The resultant fires killed thousands of civilians
Kang returned from Europe during the Chinese Civil War and was sent to the battlefront. Captured and made a POW, KMT propaganda depicted him as a martyr. In reality, Kang lived well in custody and defected to the CCP. In 1963 he was released in a CCP amnesty and died 4 years later.
Hu's troops were annihilated by CCP armies during the Civil War. When he left for Taiwan in 1949, he was impeached by 46 members of the KMT's Control Yuan for incompetence in military command. Although Hu was released with no charge, he was appointed a defense commander for a little island and never returned to central politics. After retiring, he died in 1962.
Zeng was captured and made a POW in the Civil War. Later released by the CCP, he died in 1983.
Gui was made commander of the KMT navy during the Civil War, then went to Taiwan. He died during his term as Chief of Staff of the KMT Army in 1954.
Dai Li became head of secret police and espionage of the KMT, and died in an air crash in 1946. His assistant, Zheng, succeeded Dai in running the KMT secret police. He died in 1959 in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="2846744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846744" title="De Carne Christi">
De Carne Christi

De Carne Christi is a polemical work by Tertullian against the Gnostic Docetism of Marcion, Apelles, Valentinus and Alexander. It purports that the body of Christ was a real human body, taken from the virginal body of Mary, but not by way of human procreation. Among other justifications for the incarnation of Christ, it states that "the choice of 'foolish' flesh is part of [God's] conscious rejection of conventional wisdom" and that "Without true incarnation, there can be no true redemption... God must have flesh, in order to have a real death and real resurrection." ("De Carne Christi", Mahé edition).
The work contains the phrase "credibile est, quia ineptum est" ("it is credible, because it is ridiculous"), which has been often misquoted as "Credo quia absurdum" ("I believe because it is absurd").

</doc>
<doc id="2846745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846745" title="Kid Carpet">
Kid Carpet

Kid Carpet (born Ed Patrick) is a musician from Bristol, UK. His music has been described as 'kiddy disco punk' and 'shit-hop', as it is recorded in his home studio using instruments such as samplers, Casio keyboards, and various children's toys including plastic Fisher-Price guitars and Tamagotchi innards.
__TOC__
Career.
Kid Carpet made his live debut at Bristol's Watershed Media Centre in May 2003 and has since toured with well-known acts including Willy Mason, Badly Drawn Boy, Mylo, The Go! Team, Arcade Fire, Dan Le Sac Vs Scroobius Pip and The Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players. He was signed to the independent label Tired & Lonesome, who released his debut album, "Ideas and Oh Dears" in 2005. After the album release, he appeared on BBC Radio 1's "Battle Of The One Man Bands". His second album, "Casio Royale", was released on Rob da Bank's record label Sunday Best on 30 June 2008. He makes an appearance on Dan Le Sac Vs Scroobius Pip's song Cowboi from 2010 album The Logic Of Chance. His third album, which contains his sound track work from Alex Cox's film Repo Chick will be released on dan le sac's Dumb Drum Records label in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2846747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846747" title="Jake Rathwell">
Jake Rathwell

John Donald "Jake" Rathwell (born August 12, 1947) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Boston Bruins during the 1974–75 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2846752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846752" title="Hero of the Day">
Hero of the Day

"Hero of the Day" is a power ballad by Metallica on their 1996 album "Load". The song was first recorded on December 13, 1995, and was the first song on "Load" to be recorded. The song was also Metallica's second single release from the album. A promotional video for the track was also filmed. It became their second consecutive number-one hit on the US "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It is one of the few Metallica songs written primarily in a major key.
According to article in Kerrang around time of Load release, the demo for the song is entitled "Mouldy" due to the main riff reminding James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich of a typical Bob Mould sound. The demo was recorded on December 10, 1994, one of the earliest demo recordings for the "Load" sessions (the first demo to be recorded was for Wasting My Hate on November 28, 1994).
The song was last played live with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra (conducted by Michael Kamen), which is recorded on the album "S&M" In 1999. 
This single is notable for including four Motörhead cover songs, recorded live direct to two-track at The Plant Studios during a rehearsal for Lemmy's 50th Birthday Party at the Whiskey A Go-Go, Los Angeles. These b-sides were later released on the second CD of the Garage Inc. compilation in 1998.
Structure.
The song begins with an overdriven plucked Ab-major-scale guitar riff from James Hetfield, then the vocals, drums and bass kick in respectively for the light first verse, which also includes acoustic guitar. The song then suddenly becomes heavier with distorted guitars and more intense vocals. After the second chorus there is a more heavy metal sounding bridge with aggressive instrumentation. The bridge returns after the final chorus and is extended, acting as the song's outro.
Music video.
The music video for this song was directed by Anton Corbijn and features a drug-addled youth watching a television, with every channel featuring Metallica in some way. A Western movie titled "Load" is featured, starring Newsted and Hetfield, followed by a boxing match with Hetfield as coach, and Newsted and Kirk Hammett as the fighters. After a drink called "Load" is advertised by Ulrich and Hetfield in matching suits, a game show called "Hero of the Day" (which is a parody of Jeopardy!) is seen being played. Then, it cuts to the news with the anchorman played by Hammett and featuring a clip of Hetfield singing the lyrics to the song. A girl calls at the youth's house and they later have sex. The girl later leaves. At the end, the youth passes out and dreams of tiny robot creatures, rendered in stop motion, emerging from his ear. He awakes from the dream and vomits into his toilet. [http://www.mvdbase.com/video.php?id=18708]

</doc>
<doc id="2846755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846755" title="Dan Ratushny">
Dan Ratushny

Daniel Paul Ratushny (born October 29, 1970 in Windsor, Ontario) is currently the head coach of the Straubing Tigers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) and a former professional ice hockey defenceman. 
Ratushny was selected 25th overall in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft by the Winnipeg Jets following his freshman season at Cornell University. He spent two more seasons at Cornell and was named All-America and ECAC first-team all-star in both 1990 and 1991. He would also represent Canada at the 1990 IIHF World U20 Championship, winning a gold medal.
Ratushny left college hockey after his junior year to join the Canadian National Team with the goal of participating at the 1992 Olympics (at the time, the national team was stocked with amateur players, as professional participation at the Olympics was prohibited). He spent the conclusion of the 1990–91 and the entire 1991–92 seasons with the national team, winning a silver medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France. 
Ratushny finished the 1991–92 season in Switzerland with EHC Olten before signing with the IHL Fort Wayne Komets for the 1992-93 season. He was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks at the NHL trade deadline in 1993, but only played one game for the Canucks.
From 1993 until 1999, Ratushny played in the AHL and IHL before continuing his career abroad in Japan, Finland, the United Kingdom and Sweden. 
Daniel received his B.Sc. in Economics from Cornell in 1997. He earned his M.B.A. from the Strathclyde Business School in 2003 and his LL.B. from the University of Ottawa Faculty of Law in 2006. 
From 2006 until 2009, Ratushny worked as a lawyer in the corporate department of the international law firm Stikeman Elliott.
From 2009 until 2011, Ratushny was the head coach of the Swiss National League B team EHC Olten. In 2011, he became head coach of the Straubing Tigers of the DEL.

</doc>
<doc id="2846759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846759" title="Nouvelle Star">
Nouvelle Star

Nouvelle Star (a.k.a. "À la Recherche de la Nouvelle Star" for the first series) is a French television series based on the popular Pop Idol programme produced by FremantleMedia. It was broadcast by M6 in seasons 1–8 and is currently broadcast on D8.
It was hosted by Benjamin Castaldi for the first three series (2003–2005). He also hosted 13 episodes of Series 4 (2006). Virginie Efira presented the remainder of Series 4, as well as presenting Series 5 and 6 (2007 and 2008). Seasons 7 (2009) and 8 (2010) are presented by Virginie Guilhaume. Since season 9, Cyril Hanouna is the "Nouvelle Star"'s TV host. 
On 4 July 2012, Bibiane Godfroid, program director of Nouvelle Star announced that the show will not return on M6 but will instead be on D8, after its acquisition by Canal +.
Format of the series.
The four members of the jury have to judge about 25,000 contestants in various towns around France and Belgium. Until the final rounds begin, the show presents both the successful and the poorest performers, known as the "inoubliables" (unforgettable ones). Some of the worst performers have also performed as guests during the final stages.
Of the 25,000 contestants, only 150 (140 in series 6) are selected for the next round of auditions, which takes place at the Theatre Trianon in central Paris. There are two auditions over the space of three days, the highlights of which are shown over the course of two shows. Specific exercises are given to the contestants in order to evaluate their artistic talents: pitch, rhythmic accuracy, ability to remember lyrics and to learn songs, sing in a trio, and deal with tiredness and stress, etc. During the first day of the Theatre stage of auditions, contestants perform on stage in lines of eight, each contestant performing the song of their choice "a capella". On day 2, 70 contestants who made it through the previous day are given a choice of three songs (two specifically for boys or for girls, and one for both, as of Series 6) and have to form trios with other contestants of their choice but of the same sex, they will be accompanied by a guitar and a piano. The 50 remaining contestants will interpret a song, in French, accompanied by an orchestra band. For the first time at this ultimate step before the live primes, this year, the contestants have performed in front of more than 400 persons including the jury at the theatre.
The jury will have to decide between 20 remaining contestants (27 in series 6) on a television screen, reviewing the all auditions of those contestants, of which they will select 15 for the first live television prime where they will be submitted to viewers' vote. In series 6, the viewers rejected 6 contestants of which the jury saved one. 
There is no wildcard round in the French format, and viewers only vote by text or by phone. Only viewers' votes decide of the result during the prime, but the judges comment by giving first an illustrated verdict by colored traffic lights in front of them Blue for Good, and Red for bad performance (coloured lights introduced in series 5, and taken the form of traffic lights in series 6). The voting is different from American Idol as viewers vote during the programme and results are given at the end of it, by Virginie (The Host) and Maitre Najar(bailiff), where Virginie selects at random the saved contestants leaving only the ones dropped by the viewers. The previous series' jury (Mainly Marianne James) was used to contesting a lot the results.
Auditions.
The first series featured auditions in France, Belgium, and Quebec, Canada. Later series dropped Quebec from the audition tour, as "Canadian Idol" had started, and therefore, Francophones could audition in their home country. 
For Nouvelle Star 2 & Nouvelle Star 3, auditions were held in Toulouse, Rennes, Marseilles, Liège, Lyon, and Paris.
For Nouvelle Star 4, auditions were held in :
Judges.
Past :
Current :
Finals elimination chart.
Series 5 (2007).
Top 10 Finalists
Series 6 (2008).
The judges this series were eligible to exercise a veto power on one eliminated contestant at any given point of the competition and spare them from elimination. The power was exercised in the very first live programme when Kristov received the least amount of votes and thus no-one was sent home the first week.
Top 10 Finalists
Series 7 (2009).
Top 10 Finalists
"NOTE: Lary selected as the 10th finalist by the jury."
Semifinalists (Top 15)
Eliminations - Top 10
Series 8 (2010).
Top 10 Finalists
"Marine selected as the 10th finalist by the jury."
Semifinalists (Top 15)
Eliminations - Top 10
Series 9 (2012-2013).
Top 10 Finalists
No semifinalist for this season, all were directly selected before the first prime.
Eliminations - Top 10
Series 10 (2013-2014).
Finalists
Spin-offs.
"Nouvelle Star, ça continue...".
Nouvelle Star, ça continue... is a program broadcast directly after the prime "Nouvelle Star" shows. It was broadcast on Fun TV (2003-2005), W9 (2006-2009), M6 (2010) and now on D8. The show includes interviews with judges, saved or eliminated contestants des jurés, invited musical guests. Hosts were Adrien Lemaître on Fun TV, Alexandre Devoise, Jérôme Anthony and Sidonie Bonnec all on W9, Estelle Denis and Jérôme Anthony on M6 with Camille Combal giving a diary, Enora Malagré on D8.
"Saga Nouvelle Star".
Saga Nouvelle Star or La Saga Nouvelle Star was an old daily show hosted by Virginie Efira on M6, following various seasons of the "Nouvelle Star" show. It was broadcast only in 2007 and then stopped. In each show, she would present "Top des Inoubliables internationaux" (meaning best of international unforgettables), being winners from various countries where "Idol series" are broadcast. Broadcast at 19h00 in "access prime time", it brought in an average 1.1 million of viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="2846761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846761" title="Alain Raymond">
Alain Raymond

Alain Raymond (born June 24, 1965) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played one game in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals, giving up two goals in the two periods that he played.
In his first full IHL season with the Fort Wayne Komets, Raymond won the James Norris Memorial Trophy, awarded to the goaltenders with the fewest goals against in the regular season.
Raymond split most of his time during the 1989–90 season between two clubs. He played 31 games with the ECHL's Hampton Roads Admirals and played another 11 games with their parent club, the AHL's Baltimore Skipjacks. Raymond went 17–12–1 with a 3.60 GAA, earning him named the starting goalie on the East Coast Hockey League's all-star team.
Raymond later became a goaltender coach with the Rimouski Oceanic of the QMJHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2846766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846766" title="Steppe lemming">
Steppe lemming

The steppe lemming or steppe vole ("Lagurus lagurus") is a small, plump, light-grey rodent, similar in appearance to the Norway lemming ("Lemmus lemmus"), but not in the same genus. The steppe lemming eats shoots and leaves and is more active at night, though it is not strictly nocturnal. In the wild, it is found in Russia and Ukraine in steppes and semiarid environments. Fossil remains of this species have been found in areas as far west as Great Britain.
Description.
The steppe lemming has a body length of up to 12 cm and a tail of 2 cm, a little shorter than the hind foot. It weighs about 30 g. The eyes and ears are small and the fur is a uniform shade of brownish-grey with a black dorsal stripe.
Distribution.
This lemming is found in steppe, forest-steppe and semidesert parts of western Mongolia, northwest China, many parts of the former USSR, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, the southern and middle Ural, and western and eastern Siberia.
Ecology.
The steppe lemming is a colonial species digging lengthy burrows. It has a partially underground mode of life, being active during the day, but only going above the surface for short periods. It feeds on various parts of plants, including seeds. It reaches sexual maturity at the age of six weeks and can produce up to six broods in a year, with five or six young in each. Under favourable conditions, reproduction continues throughout the year. The numbers of steppe lemmings vary greatly according to climatic conditions and the availability of food. Migrations are observed during years of mass outbreaks.
Steppe lemmings as pets.
It is the most common domestic vole, being particularly well known in Europe. (In the US and Canada, it is still considered an exotic animal.) 
In captivity, they can live over two years, but they are usually mistreated with small cages (a 10-gallon tank is best for a colony) and improper diets. Although the steppe lemming is social by nature and should not be held in captivity alone, if a colony of steppe lemmings is held together for a long period of time (two to three months) they may become hostile to each other (mainly to the subordinate members of the colony). If there is only one separate nesting area, two entrances or exits should be placed, due to the attack style of the more impetuous lemmings. They also tend to be very territorial animals, so a low male population is best in captivity. Overall, three to eight steppe lemmings in one cage or aquarium is ideal, with no more than one male for every two or three females.
Standard rodent food containing bits of dried fruit is not appropriate; as their natural diets do not contain much sugar, steppe lemmings are somewhat diabetic, and become sick or even die from overdosing on sugar. A sugar-free, no molasses food that does not contain dried fruit and little sunflower and other oily seeds should be used; laboratory rodent foods may be a cheap alternative. Additionally, steppe lemmings need grass and other leafy greens, such as alfalfa, to thrive. 
Grass gathered outdoors may harbor parasites and toxins and should not be used unless gathered from meadows away from inhabited areas, roads and not frequented by dogs or used for grazing. No matter where any grass or moss has been obtained, and even if it is only intended for bedding, it should be kept in a freezer for three days to eliminate parasites such as lice and mites.
Clean water should be always available; the amount actually drunk varies with the food consumed. Willow twigs need to be provided for abrading the continuously growing teeth. Lemmings can drink from a shallow dish, but since they typically track their bedding into the water, a bottle with a ball valve is better.
Lemmings enjoy any kind of running or climbing; however, as their habitat is essentially flat and rather featureless terrain, they have a poor sense of height and danger, so their enclosures should not be high enough to allow them to fall more than 10-15 cm and should, of course, be lined with wood chips and hay. An exercise wheel is the best way to keep the animals busy and trim, and if the wheels afford enough space, they will often race in it together. (However, fights can often develop around wheels - with males, particularly, it is helpful to have several wheels, perhaps even one for each lemming.)
Aggression.
Motives for fighting.
In general, steppe lemmings are friendly animals and prefer to live in colonies. Even small groups of males (preferably from the same litter) can live quite peacefully. However, males do tend to be territorial and a mature alpha male will nearly always attack a stranger and will often mistreat other members of his own litter, particularly if the nest is overcrowded. A large, well-filled terrarium (about 5–10 cm wood chips covered by about 10 cm of hay) can allow a group to live far more peacefully; altercations should be expected in smaller spaces with little bedding.
Fights (as well as unintentional accidents) can also occur in and around exercise wheels.
Once a male has become aggressive - even with an outsider - he should be considered dangerous, watched very closely and - if possible - be neutered and placed with a group of females. Although neutering a lemming is a difficult operation typically attempted only by veterinary hospitals, it is possible. A neutered alpha male will generally not become less aggressive toward other males.
Fights, wounds and necessary precautions.
The aggressor will try to trap the defending lemming in a corner and then attack with his teeth and short claws. Excited chirps, chattering and running typically accompany a fight - in most cases, the whole colony will be disturbed. (While activity of this kind is amusing for new owners, it should be observed very carefully, since peaceful lemming colonies are much quieter than ones characterized by aggressive behavior.)
Since lemmings like to nest in small, narrow enclosures (like boxes the size of a fist), it is important for the enclosure have a second exit, so the defender can escape into another part of the terrarium. Lemming fights sometimes leave no exterior signs of violence, but can cause fatal internal bleeding. More often, fights result in lacerations, often around the hind legs, bottom and genitals. 
Lemmings hurt in a fight should be placed in terraria or cages separate from the aggressor as soon as possible. Also, their natural tendency to scratch and lick at wounds can cause slow healing. A veterinarian may prescribe antibiotics and infection retardants to help an injured lemming, generally at reasonable costs. While it can be very difficult to convince an injured lemming to drink its medicated drops or eat food laced with medicine, a good trick is to place drops of medicine on the lemming's nose. Through licking itself clean, the lemming will ingest the medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2846769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846769" title="Greg Redquest">
Greg Redquest

Gregory Redquest (born July 30, 1956) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Penguins during the 1977–78 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2846775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846775" title="Alexander's trick">
Alexander's trick

Alexander's trick, also known as the Alexander trick, is a basic result in geometric topology, named after J. W. Alexander.
Statement.
Two homeomorphisms of the "n"-dimensional ball formula_1 which agree on the boundary sphere formula_2 are isotopic.
More generally, two homeomorphisms of "D""n" that are isotopic on the boundary are isotopic.
Proof.
Base case: every homeomorphism which fixes the boundary is isotopic to the identity relative to the boundary.
If formula_3 satisfies formula_4, then an isotopy connecting "f" to the identity is given by
Visually, the homeomorphism is 'straightened out' from the boundary, 'squeezing' formula_6 down to the origin. William Thurston calls this "combing all the tangles to one point".
The subtlety is that at formula_7, formula_6 "disappears": the germ at the origin "jumps" from an infinitely stretched version of formula_6 to the identity. Each of the steps in the homotopy could be smoothed (smooth the transition), but the homotopy (the overall map) has a singularity at formula_10. This underlines that the Alexander trick is a PL construction, but not smooth.
General case: isotopic on boundary implies isotopic
If formula_11 are two homeomorphisms that agree on formula_2, then formula_13 is the identity on formula_2, so we have an isotopy formula_15 from the identity to formula_13. The map formula_17 is then an isotopy from formula_18 to formula_6.
Radial extension.
Some authors use the term "Alexander trick" for the statement that every homeomorphism of formula_2 can be extended to a homeomorphism of the entire ball formula_1.
However, this is much easier to prove than the result discussed above: it is called radial extension (or coning) and is also true piecewise-linearly, but not smoothly.
Concretely, let formula_22 be a homeomorphism, then
defines a homeomorphism of the ball.
Exotic spheres.
The failure of smooth radial extension and the success of PL radial extension
yield exotic spheres via twisted spheres.

</doc>
<doc id="2846787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846787" title="Maria Teresa, Princess of Beira">
Maria Teresa, Princess of Beira

Infanta Maria Teresa of Portugal (or of Braganza; or ; 29 April 1793 – 17 January 1874) was the firstborn child of John VI of Portugal and Carlota Joaquina of Spain, and heir to the throne of Portugal between 1793 and 1795, until her short-lived brother António Pio was born.
Early life.
"Maria Teresa Francisca de Assis Antónia Carlota Joana Josefa Xavier de Paula Micaela Rafaela Isabel Gonzaga" was born in Ajuda, Lisbon in 1793. As the eldest child of the heir to the Portuguese monarch, she was granted the title Princess of Beira (given to the son of the heir to the throne). Maria Teresa was the eldest daughter of King John VI of Portugal, then the heir-apparent of the reigning queen Maria I of Portugal, and his wife Carlota Joaquina, daughter of Charles IV of Spain.
Marriage.
She was married on 13 May 1810 in Rio de Janeiro (where the royal family was exiled because of the Napoleonic wars) to her cousin Infante Pedro Carlos, Prince of Spain and Portugal. She was widowed on 26 May 1812, but soon after gave birth to her only child, a son, Infante Sebastian of Portugal and Spain (1813–75).
Very conservative, she was an ally of her younger brother Miguel I of Portugal in his attempts to obtain the throne of Portugal (civil war 1826–34), and of her brother-in-law and uncle Infante Don Carlos, Count of Molina in his attempts to obtain the Spanish throne. In the last years of the reign of her uncle Ferdinand VII of Spain (died 1833), Teresa lived in Madrid and plotted to strengthen Don Carlos' position in succession. She participated in the First Carlist War (1833–39), being a leading supporter of Carlism, church and reactionary interests. Her sister Francisca, Titular Queen of Spain, wife of Carlos, died in 1834.
Spanish succession.
On 15 January 1837, the Cortes of Spain legislated her excluded from the Spanish succession, rights belonging to her in descent from her mother, on grounds of her being a rebel along with don Carlos. Her son Sebastian's rights were similarly excluded, but he was later, in 1859, restored in Spain. Also don Carlos' sons and Teresa's brother Miguel I of Portugal were excluded at the same law.
The next year she married again, in 1838, to her brother-in-law, uncle and longtime ally, Infante Carlos of Spain (1788–1855), whom she viewed as the rightful king of Spain; the widower of her sister Maria Francisca. The second marriage remained childless, but she took care of her stepsons, who were also her nephews and cousins.
They soon left Spain because of unsuccess in the civil war, and never returned. She died in Trieste on 17 January 1874, having survived her second husband by nineteen years.

</doc>
<doc id="2846797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846797" title="Gordon Reid">
Gordon Reid

Gordon Reid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846803" title="Wally Moses">
Wally Moses

Wallace Moses (October 8, 1910 – October 10, 1990) was a right fielder in Major League Baseball. From 1935 through 1951, he played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1935–1941, 1949–1951), Chicago White Sox (1942–1946) and Boston Red Sox (1946–1948). Moses batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Uvalda, Georgia.
Baseball career.
Moses started his professional career with Galveston of the Texas League, where he batted .316 in 1934. He debuted with the Philadelphia Athletics in the 1935 season. He batted over .300 each of his seven years with them, with a career-best .346 in his sophomore year. 
Moses had by far his most productive season in 1937, when he hit career-highs in home runs (25), RBI (86), runs (113), hits (208) and doubles (48), batting .320 with 13 triples. In 1939, he missed a World Series opportunity when his trade to the Detroit Tigers for Benny McCoy was nullified by Baseball Commissioner K.M. Landis. The verdict made several Tigers free agents. 
Through years of last place finishes with Philadelphia, Moses had little chance to display his speed on the basepaths. But in 1943, with the Chicago White Sox, he posted a career-high 56 stolen bases and co-led the American League in triples (12). A strong-armed right fielder, he led the AL in putouts (329) in 1945. 
In the 1946 World Series with the Boston Red Sox, Moses hit .417 (5-for-12) and tied a WS record with four hits in a game. He finished his career with the Athletics in 1951.
In a 17-season career, Moses hit .291 with 89 home runs and 679 RBI in 2012 games played. He added 1,124 runs, 2,138 hits, 435 doubles, 110 triples and 174 stolen bases. A patient hitter with a good eye, Moses collected a 1.80 walk-to-strikeout ratio (821-to-457). He also made the American League All-Star team in 1937 and 1945. 
Following his playing career, Moses was a coach for the Athletics, Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds, New York Yankees and Detroit Tigers from 1952 through 1970. He was known as one of the foremost batting instructors of the time.
Moses died in Vidalia, Georgia, just two days after his 80th birthday.
Moses was the last 20th century Athletics player with a 200-hit season. He had 208 in 1937. Sixty-five years later, Miguel Tejada collected 204 (October 5, ).

</doc>
<doc id="2846816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846816" title="Karawaci">
Karawaci

Karawaci may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846833" title="Bob Ring">
Bob Ring

Robert Ring (born October 6, 1946) is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Boston Bruins during the 1965–66 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2846836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846836" title="Ravenstone, Leicestershire">
Ravenstone, Leicestershire

Ravenstone is a small rural cluster village with a population of 2149, situated just off the A511 road between Coalville and Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in North West Leicestershire, and within the National Forest, England.
Historic settlement.
Archeological excavations carried out in 1981 to the south of the present village revealed the site of a Romano-British settlement. Evidence for iron smelting was found, along with kilns and coins dating from the late 3rd century. There is also evidence of a Roman road crossing the southern part of the parish and through the settlement. The settlement site was destroyed when around eight million tonnes of coal were extracted by opencast mining between 1982 and 1996. The area has since been returned to open fields and is now known as the Sence Valley Forest Park.
The first documentary evidence of the existence of the village is in the Domesday Book when Donisthorpe, a manor in Derbyshire, was owned by Nigel of Stafford and it was valued at twelve pence. Its name, which is derived from the Old Norse "Hrœfnes", the name of a Saxon invader, and the suffix "tūn", meaning "Hrafn's farm or village", suggests that the settlement was probably initiated by the Anglo Saxons.
A castle, most probably consisting of an earth mound and ditch surrounded by a wooden palisade, is documented in a treaty concluded between 1147 and 1153 by the Earls of Chester and Leicester, in which it was agreed for it to be destroyed since it threatened their respective estates. The exact site of the castle has so far never been established, but it may have stood on the north side of the village on or near the site of Ravenstone Hall.
The parish church of St Michael and All Angels is situated on the northern fringe of the village and dates from 1323. The church is of sandstone believed to have been
quarried at nearby Alton, one of the two abandoned villages in the parish. Alton means "old farm", suggesting that it had been established before Ravenstone.
The centre of the village was designated a Conservation Area in 1973.
The neighbouring parish of Snibston is home to St. Mary's church, one of the smallest churches in Britain, which holds only about 30 people.
New woodland.
To the west of the village was the Long Moor open cast coal mine managed by UK Coal. Over a three-year period from 2007 to 2010 they extracted 725,000 tons of coal. Following restoration, the mine site has been acquired by the Woodland Trust. With adjoining agricultural land this will become the Flagship Diamond Wood, a new woodland to celebrate the 2012 Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="2846838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846838" title="Alex Ritson">
Alex Ritson

Alexander Clive Ritson (March 7, 1922 – July 18, 2008) was a professional ice hockey centre who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1944–45 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2846844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846844" title="Moe Robinson">
Moe Robinson

Morris Leslie Robinson (born May 29, 1957) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1979–80 NHL season. Although his Hall of Fame brother Larry Robinson was with the Canadiens at that time, they did not play together as the older Robinson was out injured during Moe's brief recall from the AHL made to replace Larry on the roster. Moe Robinson's one NHL game came in Winnipeg on December 15, 1979, as he skated a half dozen shifts in a 6-2 road loss in the Canadiens' first ever meeting with the Winnipeg Jets which were then recently refugeed from the defunct WHA. The only time that the Robinson brothers were ever paired together on the blueline in Habs' uniforms was in a 1979 exhibition game against the Philadelphia Flyers. 

</doc>
<doc id="2846848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846848" title="Margaret Healy">
Margaret Healy

Margaret Healy is an Irish singer-songwriter. She specializes in acoustic ballads but also shows the influence of hip-hop and electro in her music.
Healy started touring the Dublin singer-songwriter circuit in 1999 and released her first album, "margaret healy...and you are?", in 2001. The album was a collaboration with South Bank Awards winner and Mercury nominee Nitin Sawhney in his London Dance studio and Pat Barrett (Ten Speed Racer) and Ken Burke (Fusebox) in Dublin. Reviews were generally positive and marked Healy as an up-and-coming talent. She has toured widely in Ireland to support the album, and the video for the track "Call It a Moment" has received some airplay. The track "Something Real" was included on several media projects:
Healy returned to Spirit Dance, London in June 2005 to record the first few tracks for her second as yet untitled album. She is currently recording the rest of the album with Karl Odlum in Dublin and Dean Barrett in London. The album is due for release in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2846852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846852" title="Scott Robinson">
Scott Robinson

Scott Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2846856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846856" title="Rushop">
Rushop

Rushop or Rushup is a small North Derbyshire village.
Agriculture has until recently been the main occupation in the village. At present very few of the residents work in Rushop and several of the houses are second homes only occupied at weekends and holidays.
The village church of St Cuthbert dates from the mid-17th century, but excavations in the 1840s revealed a much older building possibly the 10th-century church erected to the king and saint Pabo Post Prydain. 
There is archaeological and documentary evidence that there was a settlement at this site since before the Roman invasion of Britain. The settlement is alleged to have been a British village, under nominal Anglo Saxon rule after the fall of the area to Angles from Bernicia around 590, mainly due to the lack of Anglo Saxon placenames in the valley and the presence of names, such as Eccles, Inch and Pen-, which have origins in a Brythonic language of Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="2846864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846864" title="A State of Mind">
A State of Mind

A State of Mind is a 2004 documentary film directed by Daniel Gordon and produced by Nicholas Bonner. The film follows two North Korean child gymnasts and their families for over eight months during training for the 2003 Pyongyang mass games. The film won two awards at the North Korean Pyongyang International Film Festival in 2004 and was shown at 11 other film festivals worldwide before being released in a theatrical run in 2005. UK-based Dance band Faithless used clips from the documentary for the video to the single "I Want More."

</doc>
<doc id="2846868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846868" title="Selection methods in plant breeding based on mode of reproduction">
Selection methods in plant breeding based on mode of reproduction

Some plants reproduce by (more or less strict) self-fertilization where pollen from a plant will fertilise reproductive cells or ovules of the same plant. Other plants only (mainly) allow cross-pollination where pollen from one plant can only fertilize a different plant. Asexual propagation (vegetative propagation) can also occur in plants (e.g. runners from strawberry plants) which gives a new plant which is genetically identical to its parent plant. All these differences change the way plant breeders work. Apomixis is the phenomenon that seed are produced, but in an essentially asexual way, so that parent and offspring belong to one clone just as in case of 'normal' asexual propagation.
The mode of reproduction of a crop determines its genetic composition, which, in turn, is the deciding factor to develop suitable breeding and selection methods. Knowledge of mode of reproduction is also essential for its artificial manipulation to breed improved types. Only those breeding and selection methods are suitable for a crop which does not interfere with its natural state or ensure the maintenance of such a state. It is due to such reasons that imposition of self-fertilization on cross-pollinating crops leads to drastic reduction in their performance.
For teaching purpose, plant breeding is presented as four categories: Line breeding (autogamous crops), population breeding (allogamous crops), hybrid breeding (mostly allogamous crops, some autogamous crops), clone breeding (vegetatively propagated crops).
Self fertilizing crops (autogamous crops).
Certain restrictions caused the mechanisms for self-fertilization (partial and full self-fertilization) to develop in a number of plant species.
Some of the reasons why a self-fertilizing method of reproduction is so effective are the efficacy of reproduction, as well as decreasing genetic variation and thus the fixation of highly adapted genotypes.Almost no inbreeding depression occurs in self-fertilizing plants because the mode of reproduction allows natural selection to take place in wild populations of such plants.
Critical steps in the improvement of self-fertilizing crops are the choice of parents and the identification of the best plants in segregating generations. The breeder should also have definite goals with the choice of parents. Self-fertilizing are easier to maintain, but this could lead to misuse of seed.
Some of the agronomy important, self-fertilizing crops include wheat, rice, barley, dry beans, soy beans, peanuts, tomatoes, etc.
Mass selection.
This method of selection depends mainly on selection of plants according to their phenotype and performance. The seed from selected plants are bulked for the next generation. This method is used to improve the overall population by positive or negative mass selection. Mass selection is only applied to a limited degree in self-fertilizing plants and is an effective method for the improvement of land races. This method of selection will only be effective for highly heritable traits. One shortage of mass selection are the large influence that the environment has on the development, phenotype and performance of single plants. This can also be an advantage in that varieties can be selected for local performance.
A variety developed by this method will be more uniform than those developed by mass selection because all of the plants in such a variety will have the same genotype. The seed from selected plants are not added together but are kept apart and used to perform offspring tests. This is done to study the breeding behaviour of the selected plant.
Selection of cross-pollinated crops.
Plant species where normal mode of seed set is through a high degree of cross-pollination have characteristic reproductive features and population structure. Existence of self-sterility, self-incompatibility, imperfect flowers, and mechanical obstructions make the plant dependent upon foreign pollen for normal seed set. Each plant receives a blend of pollen from a large number of individuals each having different genotypes. Such populations are characterized by a high degree of heterozygosity with tremendous free and potential genetic variation, which is maintained in a steady state by free gene flow among individuals within the populations.
In the development of hybrid varieties, the aim is to identify the most productive heterozygote from the population, which then is produced with the exclusion of other members of the population.
Mass selection.
It is the simplest, easiest and oldest method of selection where individual plants are selected based on their phenotypic performance, and bulk seed selection proved to be quite effective in maize improvement at the initial stages but its efficacy especially for improvement of yield, soon came under severe criticism that culminated in the refinement of the method of mass selection. The selection after pollination does not provide any control over the pollen parent as result of which effective selection is limited only to female parents. The heritability estimates are reduced by half, since only parents are used to harvest seed whereas the pollen source is not known after the cross pollination has taken place.
Recurrent selection.
This type of selection is a refined version of the mass selection procedure and differs as follows:
Half-sib selection with progeny testing.
Selections are made based on progeny test performance instead of phenotypic appearance of the parental plants. Seed from selected half-sibs, which have been pollinated by random pollen from the population (meaning that only the female parent is known and selected, hence the term "half-sib") is grown in unreplicated progeny rows for the purpose of selection. A part of the seed is planted to determine the yielding ability, or breeding value, for any character of each plant. The seed from the most productive rows or remnant seed from the outstanding half-sibs is bulked to complete one cycle of selection.
Full-sib selection with progeny testing.
A number of full-sib families, each produced by making crosses between the two plants from the base population are evaluated in replicated trials. A part of each full-sib family is saved for recombination. Based on evaluation the remnant seed of selected full-sib families is used to recombine the best families.
Breeding of Asexually Propagated Crops.
Asexual reproduction covers all those modes of multiplication of plants where normal gamete formation and fertilization does not take place making these distinctly different from normal seed production crops. In the absence of sexual reproduction, the genetic composition of plant material being multiplied remains essentially the same as its source plant.
Clones of mother plants can be made with the exact genetic composition of the mother plant. Superior plants are selected and propagated vegetatively; the vegetative propagated offspring are used to develop stable varieties without any deterioration due to segregation of gene combinations. This unique characteristic of asexual reproduction helped to develop a number of cultivars of fruits and vegetables including grapes, apples, pears and peaches.
Improving asexual plant material through selection.
The selection in these crops is restricted to the material introduced from other sources, such as field plantations. The improvement of asexually propagated plants through induced mutations has distinct advantages and limitations. Any vegetative propagule can be treated with mutagens and even a single desirable mutant or a part of a mutated propagule (chimera) can be multiplied as an improved type of the original variety.
Selection of asexual plants.
Selection, in the case of asexual plants, can be defined as the selection of the best performing plant and the vegetative propagation thereof. Because plants are not totally genetically stable, it can be expected that deviations would occur through the years. Selection is thus an ongoing process where deviants are selected or removed from the selection program. The main purpose of selection is to better the quality and yield of forthcoming plantations. Different approaches can be followed in the selection process of asexual plants, such as mass selection and clone selection from clone blocks.
In mass selection there are some factors that must be considered when selecting plants in a mother block, e.g. vineyard. Time of selection is a big factor, because you have to select when most of the characteristics of the plant are clearly showing. With asexual perennials the best time is just before harvest. For the best results the selected plant must be evaluated during the next season, when growth-abnormalities, leave disfigurations and virus symptoms are best visualized. Mass selection is done annually on the same plant for a minimum of three years. A plant that does not conform to the requirements in any given year of the selection cycle is discarded from the program.
New clone development.
The development and registration of new clones take place by means of local clone selection in old plantations, as well as the importation of high quality clones from abroad, for local evaluation.
A clone is the vegetative offspring of one specific mother plant; it does not show any genetic, morphologic or physiologic deviations from the mother plant. Evaluation takes place with the different selected clones after selection.

</doc>
<doc id="2846874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846874" title="Dave Rochefort">
Dave Rochefort

David Joseph Rochefort (born July 22, 1946 in Red Deer, Alberta) is a former professional ice hockey center who appeared in just one NHL game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1966–67 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2846875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846875" title="Cancer (genus)">
Cancer (genus)

Cancer is a genus of marine crabs in the family Cancridae. It includes 8 extant species and 3 extinct species, including familiar crabs of the littoral zone, such as the European edible crab ("Cancer pagurus"), the Jonah crab ("Cancer borealis") and the red rock crab ("Cancer productus"). It is thought to have evolved from related genera in the Pacific Ocean in the Miocene.
Description.
The species placed in the genus "Cancer" are united by the presence of a single posterolateral spine (on the edge of the carapace, towards the rear), anterolateral spines with deep fissures (on the carapace edge, towards the front), and a short extension of the carapace forward between the eyes. Their claws are typically short, with grainy or smooth, rather than spiny, keels. The carapace is typically oval, being 58%–66% as long as wide, and the eyes separated by 22%–29% of the carapace width.
Species.
The genus "Cancer", as currently circumscribed, contains eight extant species:
Three fossil species are also included:
As their generic delimitation was based on characters of the dorsal carapace, Schweitzer and Feldmann (2000) were unable to confirm the placement of "Cancer tomowoi" in the genus, since it is known only from parts of the sternum and the legs. Other species until recently included in the genus "Cancer" have since been transferred to other genera, such as "Glebocarcinus", "Metacarcinus" and "Romaleon".
Taxonomic history.
When zoological nomenclature was first standardised by Carl Linnaeus in the 1758 10th edition of ', the genus "Cancer" included almost all crustaceans, including all the crabs. Linnaeus' cumbersome genus was soon divided into more meaningful units, and "Cancer" had been restricted to one group of true crabs by the time of Pierre André Latreille's 1802 work ' ("Natural history in general, and specifically that of crustaceans and insects"). Latreille designated "C. pagurus" to be the type species in 1817.
In 1975, J. Dale Nations divided the genus "Cancer" into four subgenera: "Cancer (Cancer)", "Cancer (Glebocarcinus)", "Cancer (Metacarcinus)" and "Cancer (Romaleon)". Each of these is now treated as a separate genus, as is the genus "Platepistoma", erected by Mary J. Rathbun and resurrected in 1991. Since that time, further genera have been described to accommodate species previously included in "Cancer", and the genus "Cancer" now contains only eight extant species.
Evolutionary history.
The earliest fossils that can be confidently ascribed to the genus "Cancer" are those of "C. fujinaensis" from the Japanese Miocene. The genus is therefore thought to have evolved in the northern Pacific Ocean, perhaps during the Miocene, and have spread across that ocean and into the Atlantic Ocean by the Pliocene or Pleistocene, having crossed the equator and the Straits of Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="2846878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846878" title="Mike Rosati">
Mike Rosati

Michael Anthony Rosati (born January 7, 1968, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian-born Italian professional ice hockey player. Rosati became the first Italian player to play in a game in the NHL after earning an Italian passport and playing for Italy.
Early years.
Rosati started his career by playing in the Ontario Hockey League and was soon drafted by the New York Rangers in 1988 NHL Entry Draft (#131 pick). Rosati was initially placed in the ECHL, but after a disappointing season, decided to play in Italy. Rosati would find much more success there, and played for the Hockey Club Bolzano. In the 1990s Rosati would lead Bolzano to two Italian Hockey Championships, and would earn himself the place of goaltender for the Italian national team that would go on to compete in the 1994 and 1998 Winter Olympics.
The 1990s and the NHL experience.
By the second half of the 1990s, the Italian hockey movement had gone through a difficult period, and Rosati moved to Germany. It was here that Rosati played for Adler Mannheim of the DEL. In 1998, after two seasons of consistent play with Adler Mannheim, Rosati signed with the Washington Capitals as the third goaltender of the team, behind Olaf Kölzig and Craig Billington. After the shift to the farm team Portland Pirates, it seemed that Rosati's chances to play in the NHL were fading away, and that he was destined to spend his career in the minor leagues, but an injury to Craig Billington put him directly on the bench. On November 7, 1998, the incumbent Capitals goalie, Olaf Kölzig, suffered an injury, and Rosati made his NHL debut against the Ottawa Senators in a match won by the Capitals 8–5. Rosati played 28 minutes and didn't allow a goal. His NHL saves total stands at 12. He finished the season with the Manitoba Moose of the IHL. Despite a less than stellar stint with the Moose, Rosati decided to come back to Mannheim where he played four more seasons.
Retirement and coaching.
Rosati retired in 2004 while playing for a German second division team. In the 2004–05 season, Rosati was the Adler Mannheim assistant coach and worked with Stéphane Richer and Helmut de Raaf (who played with Rosati for multiple seasons).
He is currently the goaltending coach of the Barrie Colts in the OHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2846880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846880" title="British post offices in Morocco">
British post offices in Morocco

The British post offices in Morocco, also known as the "Morocco Agencies", were a system of post offices operated by Gibraltar and later the United Kingdom in Morocco.
First office.
The first office was established in Tangier in 1857; mail was simply bagged there and forwarded to Gibraltar just across the water, where it received the standard "A26" postmark. From 1872 Tangier had its own postmark, but this was applied alongside the stamps (allowing for the Gibraltar cancellation to mark them), so usages of British stamps from Morocco are best determined on cover. Several examples of loose GB Queen Victoria stamps cancelled Tangier do exist including at least one strip of 1d reds.
Since the offices were under the control of Gibraltar, they switched to the use of Gibraltar stamps when they came into use, 1 January 1886. Additional offices opened in various Moroccan seaports during the 1880s, and inland at Fez (1892), and Meknes (1907).
The stamps were overprinted "Morocco / Agencies" beginning in 1898, initially at the offices of the "Gibraltar Chronicle", and then later in London, yielding several variations in the appearance of the overprint.
Direct control.
On 1 January 1907, the British Post Office took direct control of the post offices, operating them until Moroccan independence in 1956. From this point on, all stamps were overprints on British issues, in no less than three different currencies.
British-currency stamps were available at any office, and primarily intended for parcels and later airmail. Both regular and some commemorative issues were overprinted, all with "MOROCCO / AGENCIES", through the Edward VIII issue of 1936. Subsequently unoverprinted stamps were used, until 1949, when they were again overprinted for use at Tetuan (at that point the sole remaining office, except for Tangier, which had its own overprints).
Spanish currency stamps.
Spanish-currency stamps were also available at all offices until the establishment of the French Zone, after which they were limited to the Spanish Zone. The overprint was basically the same as for the British-currency stamps, with the added complication of needing to fit in the denomination in Centimos and Pesetas. All types of British stamps were overprinted, the last being the issues of Elizabeth II in the summer of 1956; all were withdrawn from sale 31 December of that year.
French currency.
French-currency stamps, intended for use in the French Zone, date from 1917, and continued in use until 8 January 1938, when they were withdrawn from sale. The overprints are just as for the Spanish currency, but fewer types were produced.
The Tangier International Zone received its own overprints beginning in 1927. As British currency was in use in that office, the overprint simply reads "TANGIER". This continued through 1956. On 1 April 1957, a commemorative overprint added "1857-1957" to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the post office, but this had a very short shelf life; the office at Tangier was closed and the stamps withdrawn from sale on 30 April 1957.
Philatelic literature.
The most substantial book on the Morocco Agencies, by Dr David A. Stotter, Chairman of the GB Overprints Society (GBOS), was published in October 2007 by the Postal History Society (PHS) and the British Philatelic Trust (BPT), 367 pp, hardbound, price £49. Entitled "The British Post Office Service in Morocco 1907-57" it covers in great depth the postal history of the so-called British Period, from the transfer of control to the GPO from Gibraltar in January 1907 to the closure of the Tangier post office in April 1957. This book has recently been awarded the RPSL Crawford Medal and a Large Gold at Harrogate 2008.
The first booklet on the Morocco Agencies, written by John H Vallis was published by H F Johnson in 1921. The second was written by R H Sampson, and was published by the Royal Philatelic Society London in 1959 in a limited edition of 250 copies. Subsequent to that the late Dr Ken Clough produced 2 booklets (the second being a revised version of the first) published by the Gibraltar Study Circle in 1978 and 1984. The G B Overprints Society (GBOS) also published in 1992 a booklet specifically on the Overprinted GB issues of Edward VII written by M H Gellatly & M K Wlodarczyk.
The Gibraltar Period up to the end of 1906 has been covered in great detail in a book written by Richard Garcia now published by the PHS/BPT. The title is: "The British Postal Service in Morocco 1749-1906", details from John Sussex as above. Richard's book, together with that by David Stotter, provides complete coverage of the postal history of the British Post Office in Morocco. A third book is planned covering the stamps and postal stationery.

</doc>
<doc id="2846881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846881" title="Pat Rupp">
Pat Rupp

Patrick Lloyd Rupp (August 12, 1942 – February 2, 2006) was best known as a goaltender in the US ice hockey team in the 1964 and 1968 Winter Olympics.
Playing career.
Rupp joined the Eastern Hockey League's Philadelphia Ramblers in 1963–64. He played one game in the NHL, on loan with the Detroit Red Wings in 1963–64 replacing Terry Sawchuk. The Red Wings lost 4–1 to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He was selected as a member of the US team for the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria. During the tournament, Rupp shut out East Germany in an 8–0 victory. This feat was not equalled by a US goaltender until Ray LeBlanc held Germany scoreless in the 1992 Winter Olympics. The US team finished in fifth place.
Rupp switched to the Dayton Gems in the International Hockey League in the 1964–65 season. During the next two seasons, he won the James Norris Memorial Trophy for fewer goals against with teammate John Adams.
In 1968, he was selected for his second Winter Olympics in Grenoble in France; the US team gained sixth place.
He returned to play for the Gems until 1972 when he announced his retirement. However, he returned in 1975–76 playing for the Buffalo Norsemen in the North American Hockey League and with the Gems in 1979–80.
Later, from 1985 until 2005, Rupp continued playing recreational hockey in Dayton as a member of a local men's league, [http://megacityhockey.com] Megacity Hockey Club.
After his retirement from ice hockey, Rupp worked in the financial sector. He died of cancer in February 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2846883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846883" title="Dave Clements">
Dave Clements

Dave Clements (born 15 September 1945) in Larne in County Antrim, was a football player and manager from Northern Ireland. He started his career as a left winger but also played as a defensive midfielder and left full back throughout a career which lasted from 1964 to 1976 in which time he played for Coventry City, Sheffield Wednesday and Everton making a total of 392 league appearances and scoring 32 goals. He played 48 times for the Northern Ireland national team between 1965 and 1976 scoring two goals. He then managed the national team for two years in 1975 and 1976 before moving to the NASL in the United States.
Early days.
Dave attended Larne Grammar School and excelled at both football and rugby union, during his time at the school he earned football caps for the national team at schoolboy, youth and amateur level. As a junior he played for the Larne suburban team of Millbrook before signing for Irish league club Portadown F.C. in 1961. After starring in a 2–0 Irish amateur win over Wales in January 1963 he signed for English Division One club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
English league career.
Dave Clements' spell as an apprentice at Wolverhampton Wanderers lasted for just over a year, however in that time he failed to break into the first team.
Coventry City.
Despite this lack of success at Wolves, he caught the eye of Coventry City manager Jimmy Hill who paid £1,500 for the 18-year old at start of the 1964–65 season. Clements made a fine start to his City career, scoring on his debut on 23 January 1965 against Northampton Town and netting eight times in his first ten matches. Two months later on 17 March 1965, aged just 19, he earned the first of his 48 caps for the Northern Ireland national team against the Netherlands. Clements was an integral part of the Coventry side which won the Second Division championship in the 1966–67 season and then did well in the top flight. He played as an outside left for much of his time at Coventry for whom he made 228 league appearances (255 including cup games) and scored 30 goals in total over a period of seven seasons. Throughout his time at Highfield Road he continued to be a regular for the Northern Ireland team, earning 21 caps in total while with the Midlands team. His most famous moment as an international player came in October 1967 when he scored the winning goal in a Euro 68 qualifier against Scotland at Windsor Park. Coventry manager Noel Cantwell surprisingly agreed to let Clements move on after six-year at the club and after rejecting a move to Hull City in February 1971, he moved to Sheffield Wednesday in August of the same year as part of a combined deal that also included Brian Joicey and cost the Yorkshire club £100,000.
Sheffield Wednesday.
He played as a left back for Wednesday and was a popular and successful player in his time there even though the club was not thriving in Division Two and would eventually drop into Division Three in 1975. His strong, robust style of play earned him the nickname "Tank" from Wednesday fans, he played 87 games for Wednesday in two seasons but became unsettled at the end of the 1972–73 season when his good form had attracted the attention of First Division clubs. He played just the opening game of the following season before moving to Everton at the beginning of September 1973 for a fee of £80,000.
Everton.
He made his debut on Saturday, 22 September 1973 in a 1–1 draw at Wolverhampton Wanderers. Dave was made club captain for 1974–75, a season in which Everton were well placed to lift the First Division championship before a late slump let in Derby County. In total, Clements made 85 league appearances in his time with Everton scoring six goals (he took over as the clubs penalty taker) and became one of the most respected midfielders in the top flight. During his time at Everton he became player-manager of the Northern Ireland national side for a short time taking over from Terry Neill in 1975 and being replaced by Danny Blanchflower in 1976.
Northern Ireland Manager.
Dave Clements tenure as Northern Ireland manager lasted for eleven matches, he took over in the winter of 1974–75, part way through the qualification matches for Euro 76. He took over as manager at the age of only 29 and his first game as manager was on 16 March 1975 and was a Euro 76 qualifier against Yugoslavia in Belfast. This was the first time that Northern Ireland had played a home match in the province since 1971 and resulted in a fine 1–0 victory which put the Northern Irish in with a chance of qualification. However a home defeat to Sweden in October 1975 and a loss in Belgrade to Yugoslavia in the final group qualifier the following month stopped Northern Ireland progressing to the last eight knock out stage.
Dave Clements continued as manager into 1976, however results were disappointing culminating in Northern Ireland losing all three matches in the British Home Championship in May of that year. They lost heavily to Scotland 0–3 in Glasgow and to England 0–4 at Wembley before losing 0–1 to Wales in Swansea. The Welsh defeat was Dave Clements last game as both manager and player for the national team on 14 May 1976.
Player and manager in the NASL and MISL.
He played his last game for Everton in February 1976 and moved to the United States, having received a lucrative offer to play in the NASL for New York Cosmos where he played alongside Pelé. His performances for Cosmos during 1976 ensured that Clements was named in the All-Star Honourable Mention Team for that year, he was also selected for Team America to participate in the Bicentenary Cup against Italy, Brazil and England. Dave moved to coach the Colorado Caribous of the North American Soccer League in 1978, the only year of their existence, and then coached three teams in the Major Indoor Soccer League, the Denver Avalanche (1981–82), St. Louis Steamers (1982–85) and Kansas City Comets (1986–87). He was named US Coach of the year in 1982 and 1987. Dave still lives in the United States, he moved out of football and has run his own Irish shop as well as working as a salesman in St. Louis, Missouri in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="2846888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846888" title="In the Bleak Midwinter">
In the Bleak Midwinter

"In the Bleak Midwinter" is a Christmas carol based on a poem by the English poet Christina Rossetti written before 1872 in response to a request from the magazine "Scribner's Monthly" for a Christmas poem. It was published posthumously in Rossetti's "Poetic Works" in 1904. 
The poem became a Christmas carol after it appeared in "The English Hymnal" in 1906 with a setting by Gustav Holst.
Harold Darke's anthem setting of 1909 is more complex and was named the best Christmas carol in a poll of some of the world's leading choirmasters and choral experts in 2008.
Analysis.
In verse one, Rossetti describes the physical circumstances of the Incarnation in Bethlehem. In verse two, Rossetti contrasts Christ's first and second coming. The third verse dwells on Christ's birth and describes the simple surroundings, in a humble stable and watched by beasts of burden. Rossetti achieves another contrast in the fourth verse, this time between the incorporeal angels attendant at Christ's birth with Mary's ability to render Jesus physical affection. This verse is omitted in the Harold Darke setting. The final verse shifts the description to a more introspective thought process. Darke repeats the last line in his setting.
Hymnologist and theologian Ian Bradley has questioned the poem's theology: "Is it right to say that heaven cannot hold God, nor the earth sustain, and what about heaven and earth fleeing away when he comes to reign?"
However I Kings 8.27, in Solomon's prayer of dedication of the Temple, says: "But will God really dwell on earth? The heavens, even the highest heaven, cannot contain you." Regarding "heaven and earth fleeing away", many New Testament apocalyptic passages use such language, such as II Peter 3. 10-11: "The heavens will disappear with a roar, the elements will be destroyed by fire... That day will bring about the destruction of the heavens by fire, and the elements will melt in the heat. But in keeping with his promise we are looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth, where righteousness dwells."
Settings.
The text of this Christmas poem has been set to music many times, the most famous settings being composed by Gustav Holst and Harold Edwin Darke in the early 20th century.
Holst's setting, "Cranham", is a hymn tune setting suitable for congregational singing, since the poem is irregular in metre and any setting of it requires a skilful and adaptable tune. The hymn is titled after Cranham, Gloucestershire and was written for the "English Hymnal" of 1906.
The Darke setting, written in 1909 while he was a student at the Royal College of Music, is more advanced and each verse is treated slightly differently, with solos for soprano and tenor (or a group of sopranos and tenors) and a delicate organ accompaniment. This version is favoured by cathedral choirs, and is the one usually heard performed on the radio broadcasts of Nine Lessons and Carols by the King's College Choir. Darke served as conductor of the choir during World War II.
Benjamin Britten includes a setting for chorus in his work "A Boy was Born". Other settings include those by Robert C L Watson, Bruce Montgomery, Bob Chilcott, Michael John Trotta, Robert Walker, Eric Thiman, who wrote a setting for solo voice and piano, and Leonard Lehrman.
Text.
<poem>
In the bleak mid-winter
Frosty wind made moan,
Earth stood hard as iron,
Water like a stone;
Snow had fallen, snow on snow,
Snow on snow,
In the bleak mid-winter
Long ago.
Our God, Heaven cannot hold Him
Nor earth sustain;
Heaven and earth shall flee away
When He comes to reign:
In the bleak mid-winter
A stable-place sufficed
The Lord God Almighty,
Jesus Christ.
Enough for Him, whom cherubim
Worship night and day,
A breastful of milk,
And a mangerful of hay;
Enough for Him, whom angels
Fall down before,
The ox and ass and camel
Which adore.
Angels and archangels
May have gathered there,
Cherubim and seraphim
Thronged the air -
But only His mother
In her maiden bliss
Worshipped the Beloved
With a kiss.
What can I give Him,
Poor as I am?
If I were a shepherd
I would bring a lamb;
If I were a wise man
I would do my part;
Yet what I can, I give Him -
Give my heart.
</poem>
In popular culture.
The song was used as part of the main plot in the 2010 "Doctor Who" Christmas special, "A Christmas Carol", as sung by Welsh singer Katherine Jenkins.

</doc>
<doc id="2846889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846889" title="IEEE 802.11u">
IEEE 802.11u

IEEE 802.11u-2011 is an amendment to the IEEE 802.11-2007 standard to add features that improve interworking with external networks.
802.11 is a family of IEEE technical standards for mobile communication devices such as laptop computers or multi-mode phones to join a wireless local area network (WLAN) widely used in the home, public hotspots and commercial establishments.
The IEEE 802.11u standard was published on February 25, 2011.
Some amendment added to IEEE 802.11.
QoS map distribution.
This provides a mapping between the IP’s differentiated services code point (DSCP) to over-the-air Layer 2 priority on a per-device basis, facilitating end-to-end QoS.
For users who are not pre-authorized.
IEEE 802.11 currently makes an assumption that a user's device is pre-authorized to use the network. IEEE 802.11u covers the cases where that device is not pre-authorized. A network will be able to allow access based on the user's relationship with an external network (e.g. hotspot roaming agreements), or indicate that online enrollment is possible, or allow access to a strictly limited set of services such as emergency services (client to authority and authority to client.)
From a user perspective, the aim is to improve the experience of a traveling user who turns on a laptop in a hotel many miles from home, or uses a mobile device to place a phone call. Instead of being presented with a long list of largely meaningless SSIDs the user could be presented with a list of networks, the services they provide, and the conditions under which the user could access them. 802.11u is central to the adoption of UMA and other approaches to network mobile devices.
Encourages mesh deployment.
Because a relatively sophisticated set of conditions can be presented, arbitrary contracts could be presented to the user, and might include providing information on motive, demographics or geographic origin of the user. As such data is valuable to tourism promotion and other public functions, 802.11u is thought to motivate more extensive deployment of IEEE 802.11s mesh networks. 
Mobile cellular network off-load to Wi-Fi.
Mobile users, whose devices can move between 3G and Wi-Fi networks at a low level using 802.21 handoff, also need a unified and reliable way to authorize their access to all of those networks. 802.11u provides a common abstraction that all networks regardless of protocol can use to provide a common authentication experience.
Mandatory requirements.
The IEEE 802.11u requirements specification contains requirements in the areas of enrollment, network selection, emergency call support, emergency alert notification, user traffic segmentation, and service advertisement.
Implementation.
Hotspot 2.0.
The Wi-Fi Alliance uses IEEE 802.11u in its "Wi-Fi Certified Passpoint" program, also known as "Hotspot 2.0". Apple devices running iOS 7 support Hotspot 2.0.
EAP-TLS.
There have been proposals to use IEEE 802.11u for access points to signal that they allow EAP-TLS using only server-side authentication. Unlike most TLS implementations of HTTPS, such as major web browsers, the majority of implementations of EAP-TLS require client-side X.509 certificates without giving the option to disable the requirement, even though the standard does not mandate their use, which some have identified as having the potential to dramatically reduce adoption of EAP-TLS and prevent "open" but encrypted access points.

</doc>
<doc id="2846894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846894" title="Óscar Hahn">
Óscar Hahn

Óscar Arturo Hahn Garcés (born 1938 in Iquique, Chile)
is a Chilean writer and poet. Known in Chile as one of the writers of the Generation of the 70s (also known as the "Dispersed" or "Decimated Generation" - "Generacion Trilce"), Hahn won the Society of Chilean Writers' Alerce Prize, the Municipal Prize of Santiago, the Altazor Prize (2003) and the Pablo Neruda Prize (2011) 
He was then awarded the Premio Nacional de Literatura on September 3, 2012. Reported in La Tercera, Tuesday, September 4, 2012, page 38. Online at http://www.latercera.com/noticia/cultura/2012/09/1453-481484-9-poeta-oscar-hahn-recibe-premio-nacional-de-literatura-2012.shtml He has taught Latin American literature at the University of Iowa.
Biography.
Early life.
In 1959 he won the Student Federation of Chile's Prize in Poetry. In 1961 he won the Society of Chilean Writers' Alerce Prize for the work This Black Rose (Esta Rosa Negra). In 1967 he won the Unique Prize of the First Contest in Northern Poetry of the University of Chile for the (then) regional seat of Antofagasta.
He studied and set himself to the University of Chile's Curriculum in the Teaching of Literature while in residence at Arica. In 1972 he was awarded the degree of Master of Arts by the University of Iowa, USA and was named a member of the International Writers' Program there. In 1988 his second daughter, Constanza Daniela Hahn was born, and in 1990 his first son, Diego Ignacio Hahn was born.
Career.
In 1972, when he returned to Chile, he took a job as Adjunct Professor at the University of Chile, Arica. In the next year, 1973, his life would change dramatically, due to political developments in his home country; on 11 September of that year, during the Chilean coup of 1973 he was detained by the newly installed military government of Augusto Pinochet, which had displaced the progressive government of the democratically-elected leader Salvador Allende.
Later interviewed about his experiences, Hahn remarked: "September 11 is a difficult date for me to forget, not only on account of the things that happened in the country at large but also because they took me prisoner, and they took me as a prisoner the very same night of September 11, which was deadly serious, since in that very moment they were just killing people without even asking them their names, just totally at random. It was a lottery, and I believe that I'm alive thanks to sheer chance, because there were people who were detained with me and they shot them dead; this could just as well happened to me, I don't know what reason took them away, instead of me, or instead of any of the others that survived." 
Hahn left Chile in 1974 to set down new roots in the USA. He was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy by the University of Maryland College Park, and between 1978 and 1988 he collaborated in the composition of the Handbook of Latin American Studies issued by the Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. He is a member of the Chilean Academy of Language, and sat on theorganizing committee for the Comités del V Congreso Internacional de la Lengua Española (CILE).

</doc>
<doc id="2846897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846897" title="Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal">
Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal

Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal (or of Bragança; ; ; full name: "Maria Francisca de Assis da Maternidade Xavier de Paula de Alcântara Antónia Joaquina Gonzaga Carlota Mónica Senhorinha Soter e Caia of Braganza"; 22 April 1800 – 4 September 1834) was a Portuguese "infanta" (princess) daughter of King John VI of Portugal and his spouse Carlota Joaquina of Spain.
Biography.
Maria was born in Queluz. On 22 September 1816 in Madrid, she married her uncle Infante Carlos Maria Isidro of Spain. The couple had three children:
In 1833, Maria Francisca, her husband and children were exiled from Spain because they refused to recognize Isabella II as heiress to the Spanish throne. They went first to Portugal and then to Alverstoke, Hampshire, UK, where she died one year later. A crowd of several thousand were known to have visited the village to pay their respects as her body lay at the rectory awaiting burial at the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty. Four years after her death, Carlos remarried, to Maria Francisca's own sister Maria Teresa, Princess of Beira.
Although initially interred in Gosport Catholic Church, Maria Francisca's remains were later transferred to Trieste Cathedral in Italy, next to those of her husband and children.

</doc>
<doc id="2846899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846899" title="Maria Isabel of Portugal">
Maria Isabel of Portugal

Maria Isabel of Portugal (Maria Isabel Francisca; 19 May 1797 – 26 December 1818) was an Infanta of Portugal who became the Queen of Spain as the second wife of Ferdinand VII of Spain.
Biography.
Maria Isabel was an "Infanta of Portugal" and daughter of John VI of Portugal and his wife Carlota Joaquina of Spain. She was a sister of Pedro I of Brazil.
She married her maternal uncle King Ferdinand VII of Spain on 29 September 1816, whose first wife, Princess Maria Antonia of Naples and Sicily, had died childless ten years before.
Maria Isabel was again pregnant soon after the birth of her firstborn, but the birth was a difficult one. The baby was in breech and the physicians soon found that the child had died. Maria Isabel stopped breathing soon thereafter and the doctors thought she was dead; when they started cutting her up to extract the dead fetus, she suddenly shouted in pain and collapsed on her bed, bleeding heavily.
She died on 26 December 1818 in the Palace of Aranjuez while giving birth to a large, stillborn daughter and was buried at the Escorial, having failed to provide her husband with an heir to the throne.
Legacy.
It is due to Queen Maria Isabel's dedication and affection for the art world that she managed to gather many treasures from the past and create a royal museum, which would end up being the beginnings of Museo del Prado. It opened on 19 November 1819, a year after the Queen's death.
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Arms.
Arms of Spain and Portugal

</doc>
<doc id="2846901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846901" title="Return of the Roller Blade Seven">
Return of the Roller Blade Seven

The Return of the Roller Blade Seven is a martial arts based film, released in 1993. The film is the second of two sequels to the film "The Roller Blade Seven". The first sequel, "The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven", was released in 1992.
The film features much of the cast from the first film; including Scott Shaw, Joe Estevez, Don Stroud, Karen Black, Frank Stallone, and Jill Kelly.
"The Return of the Roller Blade Seven" was directed by Donald G. Jackson. It was produced and edited by Scott Shaw. This film picks up where "The Roller Blade Seven" leaves off. It follows the further adventures of the lead character, Hawk Goodman, played by Shaw. 
As was the case of the first two films associated with this project, this film is based on the spiritual redemption of its lead characters. This movie was filmed in visually striking locations. It is filled with abstract dialogue and has a non-linear storyline.
"The Return of the Roller Blade Seven" was created in the distinct style of filmmaking known as Zen Filmmaking. This style of filmmaking was created by Scott Shaw and Donald G. Jackson. In this style of filmmaking no scripts are used.

</doc>
<doc id="2846902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846902" title="Shark Arm case">
Shark Arm case

The Shark Arm case refers to a series of incidents that began in Sydney, Australia on 25 April 1935 when a human arm was regurgitated by a captive 3.5-metre tiger shark. The tiger shark had been caught 3 kilometres from the beach suburb of Coogee in mid-April and transferred to the Coogee Aquarium Baths, where it was put on public display. Within a week the fish became ill and vomited in front of a small crowd, leaving the left forearm of a man bearing a distinctive tattoo floating in the pool. Before it was captured, the tiger shark had devoured a smaller shark. It was this smaller shark that had originally swallowed the human arm.
Identification of the limb.
Fingerprints lifted from the hand identified the arm as that of former boxer and small-time criminal James "(Jim)" Smith, ("born England 1890"), who had been missing since April 7, 1935. Smith's arm and tattoo were also positively identified by his wife Gladys and his brother Edward Smith. Jim Smith led a high-risk lifestyle, as he was also a police informer. Examination revealed that the limb had been severed with a knife, which led to a murder investigation. Three days later, the aquarium owners killed the shark and gutted it, hampering the initial police investigation.
Early inquiries correctly led police to a Sydney businessman named Reginald William Lloyd Holmes (1892-1935). Holmes was a fraudster and smuggler who also ran a successful family boat-building business at Lavender Bay, New South Wales. Holmes had employed Smith several times to work insurance scams, including one in 1934 in which an over-insured pleasure cruiser named "Pathfinder" was sunk near Terrigal, New South Wales. Shortly afterward, the pair began a racket with Patrick John Brady, a convicted forger and ex-serviceman (born Rozelle NSW, 18 October 1893). With specimen signatures from Holmes' friends and clients provided by the boat-builder, Brady would forge cheques for small amounts against their bank accounts that he and Smith would then cash. Police were later able to establish that Jim Smith was blackmailing the wealthy Reginald Holmes.
Murder of Jim Smith.
Jim Smith was last seen drinking and playing cards with Patrick Brady at the Cecil Hotel in the southern Sydney suburb of Cronulla on 7 April 1935 after telling his wife he was going fishing. Patrick Brady had rented a small cottage in Taloombi Street, Cronulla at the time Jim Smith went missing. Police alleged that Smith was murdered at this cottage.
Port Hacking and Gunnamatta Bay were searched by the Navy and the Air Force, but the rest of Smith's body was never found. This caused problems for the prosecution when Brady was eventually brought to trial.
Arrest of Brady.
Patrick Brady was arrested on 16 May and charged with the murder of Smith. A taxi driver testified that he had taken Patrick Brady from Cronulla to Holmes' address at 3 Bay View Street, McMahons Point, New South Wales on the day Smith had gone missing, and that "he was dishevelled, he had a hand in a pocket and wouldn't take it out... it was clear that was frightened."
Holmes's statement to police.
Initially, Holmes denied any association with Patrick Brady but four days later, on 20 May 1935, the businessman went into his boatshed and attempted suicide by shooting himself in the head with a .32 calibre pistol. However, the bullet flattened against the bone of the forehead and he was merely stunned. Revived after falling into the water, he crawled into his speedboat and led two police launches on a chase around Sydney Harbour for several hours until he was finally caught and taken to hospital.
In early June 1935, Reginald Holmes decided to cooperate with the police investigating the murder of Smith. He told Detective Sergeant Frank Matthews that Patrick Brady had killed Jim Smith, dismembered his body and stowed it into a trunk that he had then thrown into Gunnamatta Bay. He then claimed Patrick Brady had come to his home, showed him the severed arm and threatened Holmes with murder if he did not receive ₤500 immediately. Holmes also admitted that after Brady had left his home, he travelled to the Sydney coastal suburb of Maroubra and discarded Smith's arm into the surf.
Second murder.
On 11 June 1935, Holmes withdrew £500 from his account and late in the evening left home, telling his wife he had to meet someone. He was also very cautious as he left his home, accompanied by his wife to the door of his Nash sedan. Early the next morning, he was found dead in his car at Hickson Road, Dawes Point. He had been shot three times at close range. The crime scene was made to appear that Holmes had committed suicide, but forensic police had no doubt that he was murdered. Holmes was due to give evidence at Smith's inquest later that morning.
Reginald Holmes was cremated at Northern Suburbs Crematorium on 13 June 1935. He left an estate valued at over ₤34,000 in 1935, which would be worth millions of dollars today.
In his 1995 book "The Shark Arm Murders", Professor Alex Castles claims that Reginald Holmes took out a contract on his own life to spare his family the public disgrace of conviction.
Coronial inquest.
The coronial inquest into Smith's death began on 12 June 1935 at the City Coroner's Court led by Mr. E.T. Oram, the same day Holmes was found dead in his car with gunshot wounds to his chest. Although Holmes was the inquest's star witness, he was never offered police protection before his testimony could be heard.
The lawyer serving Brady, Clive Evatt KC (1900–1984), claimed to the coroner that there was not enough substance to begin the inquest. Evatt argued that an arm "did not constitute a body", and that Jim Smith, minus his arm, could still be alive. The case has remained unsolved to this day.
The inquest's most important witness, Reginald Holmes, was then dead; the case against Patrick Brady fell apart due to lack of evidence. "The Shark Arm Murders" suggests that Jim Smith was killed by Patrick Brady on the orders of gangland figure Edward Frederick "(Eddie)" Weyman, who was arrested while attempting to defraud a bank with a forged cheque in 1934 and later during a bank robbery, apparently due to information Jim Smith had given to the police. Smith had been exposed as a police informant, and therefore would have been a target for assassination.
The police charged Patrick Brady with the murder of Jim Smith, although he was later found not guilty and acquitted. For the next 30 years, Patrick Brady steadfastly maintained that he was in no way connected to the murder of Jim Smith. He died at Concord Repatriation Hospital in Sydney on 11 August 1965.
The investigation into the murder of Jim Smith and his severed arm became legendary in Australia's legal history.
Cultural references.
The Shark Arm Case was the basis of a 2003 episode of "".
Bill Bryson mentions this case in his book "Down Under" (known as "In a Sunburned Country" in the U.S.), but wrongly implies that the arm belonged to a swimmer who was eaten by the shark.

</doc>
<doc id="2846914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846914" title="Brauer College">
Brauer College

Brauer College is a government secondary school, located in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia. 
Originally established as Warrnambool Technical School in 1911, the school was renamed Brauer College at the beginning of 1990 (after noted 20th century Warrnambool doctor, Dr. Alfred Brauer), to reflect its change from an outstanding technical institution into a more mainstream and highly regarded college. Brauer has since developed into the 35th largest secondary school in the state with an enrolment of approximately 1450 students ranging from years 7 to 12. 
The school is known for both outstanding curricular and extra curricular activities, including consistently high VCE results and unmatched levels of success in both the public speaking, performing arts and sporting areas. 
Mrs. Boyle is the current acting principal, and the school council president is Mr. Barry Brooks.
Campuses.
Brauer's main campus is located on Carumut Road, towards the outskirts of Warrnambool's urban area. The school features a state of the art performing arts centre and gymnasium, as well as extensive classroom and other facilities including a driver education track and supergrass tennis courts. In 2007 the library and science wing were refurbished in addition to the construction of the Australian Technical College Warrnambool campus. Directly north of the school, a multimillion dollar sports facility known as Brauerander Park is also being built. The park will feature an athletics track as well as facilities for field events, soccer & AFL football fields and a 3-hole golf course. The Park, which was expected to be completed by 2007, has been plagued with delays mainly relating to the synthetic track surface which can only be laid under certain weather conditions. Laying of the track commenced in March 2007. The track was completed in Mid-May 2007 and was officially opened by the Victorian Governor, Professor David de Kretser in September 2007. 
Rutledge
The school also features a secondary campus known as Rutledge, which is a specialist education centre for students who have profound difficulties with work or other problems. Located close by, Rutledge students may receive tutoring or undergo courses teaching them ways of dealing with workloads, stress or other issues.
Dunkeld Annexe
The Dunkeld Annexe is a Brauer owned facility located in Dunkeld, in the southern Grampians, used for the purpose of school camps. Years 7, 8 and 9 camping trips take place here where the open bush is one of its many benefits.
Extra Curricular.
Aside from the school's curricular achievements, Brauer is also well known within both the Warrnambool and wider community for its success in extra curricular activities.
Public Speaking 
Brauer has a very strong and long tradition in the art of public speaking and debating. All students are taught the skills to participate in public speaking. The school has long associations with the Warrnambool Eisteddfod, public speaking and debating competitions run by the Rostrum Club, the Lions Club, the Legacy Group, the Apex Club, the VCAA Plain English Speaking Competition and the mooting competition run by Bond University. Brauer's success in these fields has been unmatched, with state and national finalists and champions in all aforementioned competitions. At Eisteddfod level, in 2006 Brauer had over 150 students compete with a high rate of success. In the debating section, Brauer won the overall aggregate for the 16th consecutive year, cementing the school's level of commitment and success. Brauer also participates in the Ballarat region of the Debaters Association of Victoria (DAV), where up to 30 students travel each round to participate, several debaters have previously won Swannie Awards for best debater and progressed to the state final debating rounds. Each year a team of senior public speaking students are chosen to take part in the Bond university mooting competition - an exclusive competition in which Brauer is the only Victorian government school to have won the national title and one of only two schools to have won the competition twice.
Music/Performing Arts
Brauer's music and performing arts program is, like public speaking, a large part of the school's cohort. Annually, the Brauer musical comprises approximately 150 students as cast, band and backstage members. In 2006 the production was "Copacabana", with "We Will Rock You" in 2007. The musical has been an annual part of Brauer since 1984.
Additionally, the Brauer Amateur Dramatics Club (or BAD) produce a non-musical, dramatic performance.
Brauer also supports a number of bands, ensembles and musical solo performers with tuition enabling students to participate in the Warrnambool Eisteddfod and other prestigious music competitions. Around 300 students are involved with the music program.
Sport
Brauer is a major player in the sporting community. The college sports academy consists of 14 sports with students from years 7-12 participating. Academy teams compete against other schools and in larger competitions.
House sports are also a major part of the school's sporting program. There are four houses:
Members of each house participate annually for house championships in swimming, athletics, cross country and overall. In 2006, Geefa was house champion, with the 2007 championships still underway.
Industry Education Centre (formerly Australian Technical College Warrnambool).
In 2006, Brauer in partnership with Baimbridge College Hamiltion won the tender for the Australian Technical College in Warrnambool. Commencing its programs at the beginning of 2007, the ATCW offers courses in commercial cookery, mechanics, engineering, metal fabrication and carpentry.
Following the federal election of Kevin Rudd and the ALP to power in 2007, the ATC project was discontinued. As the ATC Warrnambool campus was one of the few finished colleges in the state, it remained operational in various states until in 2009 it became the Industry Education Centre, jointly operated by South West Institute of TAFE, Brauer College & other local school and employment agency bodies.
Controversy.
In mid-2006, several students took a complaint regarding the school's uniform and hair/makeup policy to local newspaper, "the Warrnambool Standard", arguing it was too strict. A subsequent article was featured in the Sunday Herald Sun that same week, both articles drawing attention to rules that seem inflexible and quite draconian.
The Two-Brick Rule
On March 13, 2007 an article appeared on the front page of the Warrnambool Standard slamming a policy set by the school stating that "students of the opposite sex must stay two-bricks apart". An article on the same issue appeared on page 3 of the Melbourne Age on Thursday the 15th, with discussion on 774 ABC radio's drive program and a feature story on national television public affairs program, A Current Affair.

</doc>
<doc id="2846916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846916" title="Dirty District">
Dirty District

Dirty District was a French Fusion band, formed in 1985. They were one of the first French bands to attempt Fusion rock.
Early years.
The band originally formed in Sèvres, France under the name of Great Gangsters From The Dirty District (until they changed it to just Dirty District later). A vast majority of their songs were sung in English, except for the first EP and two songs on "Pousse au crime et Longueurs de temps". Influenced by the likes of Joe Jackson, The Clash, Stiff Little Fingers, Linton Kwesi Johnson, Reggae, Ska and Rhythm and blues. They released the much delayed "Pousse au crime et Longueurs de temps" which were a fusion of reggae, ska, punk, dub, and rap with heavily political based lyrics based on street crime, Steve Biko and fighting the National Front. "Pousse Au Crime.." was noticed by fellow French Punk/World Music band Mano Negra, and the band invited them to play on their album "Patchanka".
1993 and onwards.
After a whole host of musicians had been and gone, Dirty District finally got a steady line-up when they released their second album "Life In The Dirty District" in 1993. DD showed their eclectic roots yet again on this album, experimenting with elements of Rap Metal. During this time Kshoo, Philippe, Miguel and Charlu from 'Ludwig Von 88' started a little-known side project called Les Dieux ("The Gods"). After taking 2 years off (most members like Yvo, Philippe, Miguel had been contributing to other French musicians) DD released the final EP "Welcome To The Next Level" in 1995, which included a cover of The Prodigy's "Jericho", and the song "Speech Over" which explored the sound that would later explode in Ethnician. The band disbanded in 1996. Vocalist K-Shoo went onto do co-vocals for metalcore group Boost and then formed another metalcore/punk-metal band called Noxious Enjoyment while Yvo nowadays plays live drums for Amadou & Mariam, Philippe is a London-based musician and producer, and bassist Leuji has now his own musical career, and performs in a band of the same name.
Members.
Kshoo is the vocalist and live guitarist for DD. He also contributed vocals to Death Metal Band Boost and Punk supergroups Les Dieux, and finally his metalcore band Noxious Enjoyment.
Leuji is the bassist that replaced little known DD bass guitarist Mishko on later albums. He later joined P18 after DD, and is currently working on a few other projects.
Yvo (aka 'The Megasound') is an expert drummer and percussionist of the band, who joined in 1993. Since leaving DD, Yvo has contributed drums and percussions to other artists. Was last seen playing drums at Glastonbury 2009 with Amadou & Mariam.
Philippe (also known as Ifif) was the guitarist after Gille's departure. He played on the "Life In The Dirty District" and "Welcome to the Next Level" . He now lives in London, has played and collaborated with various musicians including Youth, Dennis Morris, Klima, and has also been writing music for film. 
Miguel is second Drummer/Percussionist of the band. He started drumming in The Brigades, and later does vocals on DD's song No Head, which led to him becoming the frontman of Ethnician.
Igor is Sampler and Keyboards plsyer of the group. He replaced Geo and is also in the group Ethnician.
Garbis did most of the sample and sound engineering on the first album, and is now in Ethnician.
Former members.
Guitarist on first album. His spot was filled by two other guitarists, who were later replaced by Philippe.
Geo was the keyboardist on the two first album. 
Fred was the bassist on the first album. 
Discography.
They also appear on the French punk rock compilations "À Bas Toutes Les Armées " with Reggae tune Paddy Field, and "Cette Machine Sert A Tuer Tous Les Fascistes" ('This Machine Is Used To Kill All The Fascists') with anti racism song Blast it and more recently "Rap Metal Masters" with NY Crap.

</doc>
<doc id="2846925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846925" title="Warren Cann">
Warren Cann

Warren Reginald Cann (born 20 May 1950, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada) is a drummer and drum machine programmer, best known as a member of the British new wave band Ultravox.
Biography.
Early life.
The son of two British immigrants, he began to be interested in electronics while he was at school. After playing in bands in Vancouver, he came to England in 1972, where he found a more creative environment.
He established himself in London, where he formed his first band, along with Huw Lloyd-Langton, future Hawkwind member, on guitar and Rob Rawlinson, later in Overnight Angels, on bass.
Ultravox and other contemporary works.
Shortly thereafter, Cann contacted John Foxx, who invited Cann to join his fledgling band Tiger Lily with bassist Chris Cross and guitarist Stevie Shears. The band recorded sole single "Ain't Misbehavin'", which was released in 1975 and used as a main theme to the namesake softcore porno movie. In 1976, Tiger Lily changed its name to Ultravox!, and later in 1978 to Ultravox.
Cann played on the first albums released by Island Records, "Ultravox!" (1977), "Ha! Ha! Ha!" (both 1977) and "Systems of Romance" (1978). After a tour of USA and Canada the band fragmented because of the departure of vocalist John Foxx and guitarist Robin Simon. Ultravox replaced them with singer/guitarist Midge Ure in Summer 1979.
During a period of inactivity for Ultravox in mid' 1979 Cann got to know German keyboardist Hans Zimmer, who became his frequent collaborator through mid 80's. Together they played in the backing band of a singer Zaine Griff and appeared with Buggles on their first Top of the Pops appearance in September 1979.
Ure-led Ultravox signed to Chrysalis in 1980 and went on to have a big commercial success worldwide (except for North America). Cann played a notable part in the early advance of the band: he contributed lyrics to 2/3 of the first Ure-led album "Vienna", sang backing vocals, co-lead and even lead on some Ultravox songs: "Mr. X" (1980), "Paths and Angles" (1981), "We Came to Dance" (1982) and "Break Your Back" 1983).
He remained active outside the band during Ultravox success. In 1982 he played acoustic and electronic percussion for Zaine Griff (album "Figvres") and Peter Godwin (single "Images of Heaven"). He and Hans Zimmer were a part of the backing band for a New Romantic singer Ronny on her London show in The Dominion. Ronny also participated in the Helden project, formed by Cann and Zimmer that year, which merged electronic, orchestral and classical influences. Helden were the first music project to play The London Planetarium in March 1983. They released a single "Holding on" (1983) and recorded an album called "Spies" which featured lots of guests (Zaine Griff, Eddie Maelov from Eddie & Sunshine, Brian Robertson from Thin Lizzy etc.). It remains unreleased.
In September 1984 Warren and Hans performed as guests (on drums and leyboards, respectively) on a concert by the popular Spanish band Mecano. Two songs from that show were released in 1985 on LP "En Concierto". Also in 1985 Cann produced a single for the eccentric singer Duffo, "Gonna Send the Boys Around", and took part in the charity single "Doctor in Distress".
Cann's last appearance with Ultravox was on Live Aid in July 1985. He was ousted from the band in 1986 after the disagreements arose with other band members who started to consider him a problem in the progress of the band (Cann wanted a fully programmed percussion sound while the others preferred a "back-to-basics" approach; that was coupled with his ambition to become a second guitarist in the band and generally troubled rehearsals). In retrospect, Midge Ure considers the firing unjust, unwarranted, and a result of misplaced tensions.
Technical innovations.
Cann and his technicians were among the first to modify commercially available rhythm units or drum machines, so they could alter and override the preset manufacturer programs. This is notable on "Hiroshima Mon Amour", from the album "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!". When Ultravox were recording "Vienna", Cann's electronic ventures would become important for the Ultravox sound. The acquisition of a Roland CR-78 proved something of a headache for Cann, as he saw great sonic potential in it, but it had limited pattern programmability. In the process of adding some much needed practical customisations to the CR-78, Cann became somewhat "persona non grata" at the Roland headquarters in the UK. This did not stop Cann from carrying out his plans, and the result proved to be a key factor in the overall sound of their signature hit song "Vienna".
The initial reaction to the usage of drum machines led to bewilderment among the audience, who wondered what Cann was doing during some songs. Among claims that he was doing nothing, he decided to equip his drum machines with clear perspex cases instead of wood panels, and mount a variety of LEDs inside them as a feature Cann himself described as "absolutely useless, but very impressive looking on a darkened stage; now it would be obvious I was actually doing something." (From Jonas Wårstad's interview at Discog)
In addition to his drum machine work, Cann designed several modifications for bass player Chris Cross' Minimoog, among them a primitive sequencer (built by Roy Gwinn) made from a series of toggle switches to add syncopation to the synthesiser's ability to create a stream of eighth notes, and a proprietary triggering system that allowed Cann and Cross to synchronise the Minimoog with Cann's drum machines, a feat performed almost three years before MIDI was officially introduced in 1983. According to Midge Ure's autobiography, when the Minimoog broke down on tour, Ultravox borrowed one from The Cars, but it didn't help as it lacked the proprietary modifications.
Playing style.
Cann made significant contributions to the drum sounds of new wave music, both in style and execution. Around 1978, when Ultravox released the "Systems of Romance" album, Cann's style of drumming turned away from its rock roots and toward what was becoming the New Wave sound. He endeavoured to have extremely precise timing; this would make the songs with live drums match songs driven by electronic, programmed percussion. For an example of this, compare the song "Sleepwalk", where Cann plays live drums, to "Mr. X", where the drums are sequenced. Both of these tracks can be found on "Vienna". Despite his machine-like timing, Cann would often do things that neither drum machines nor electronically sequenced percussion could do at the time. Specifically, he would often play very precise triplet fills and crescendos, especially on the snare drum. While these two techniques are easily accomplished by electronic instruments today, around 1979–1982 they were virtually impossible. In essence, it could fool the listeners to believe they were hearing a drum machine, only to prove them wrong through out-performing the rather rudimentary sequencing possibilities of the time.
From a technical perspective, Cann preferred a traditional grip. On the "Quartet" album and subsequent tour (1982), Cann employed several sets of Simmons SDS-V electronic percussion pads, even to the point where he had an extra kit consisting of the hexagonal Simmons pads, which he played standing up. This way of playing was relatively unique and Cann seemed to be using this setup for one song only, namely "The Song (We Go)" from "Quartet".

</doc>
<doc id="2846927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846927" title="Structure and genome of HIV">
Structure and genome of HIV

The genome and proteins of HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) have been the subject of extensive research since the discovery of the virus in 1983. Each virion comprises a viral envelope and associated matrix enclosing a capsid, which itself encloses two copies of the single-stranded RNA genome and several enzymes. The discovery of the virus itself did not occur until two years after the first major cases of AIDS associated illnesses were reported in 1981.
Structure.
HIV is different in structure from other retroviruses. It is around 120 nm in diameter (around 60 times smaller than a red blood cell) and roughly spherical.
HIV-1 is composed of two copies of non-covalently linked positive single-stranded RNA enclosed by a conical capsid comprising the viral protein p24, typical of lentiviruses (Figure 1). Lysine tRNA is the primer of the magnesium dependent reverse transcriptase. It packages two copies of its positive strand, unspliced, 5'guanosine-capped and 3'-polyadenylated RNA genome which is used for strand-transfer-mediated recombination and enables the virus to rapidly evolve under stress or pressure from the environment. The RNA component is 9749 nucleotides long. This genome bears a 5’ cap (Gppp), a 3’ poly(A)tail, and many open reading frames (ORFs). Viral structural proteins are encoded by long ORFs, whereas smaller ORFs encode regulators of the viral life cycle: attachment, membrane fusion, replication, and assembly. This is in turn surrounded by an envelope of host-cell origin. The single-strand RNA is tightly bound to the nucleocapsid proteins, p6, p7 and enzymes essential to the development of the virion, such as reverse transcriptase and integrase. The nucleocapsid (p7 and p6) associates with the genomic RNA (one molecule per hexamer) and protects the RNA from digestion by nucleases. A matrix composed of an association of the viral protein p17 surrounds the capsid, ensuring the integrity of the virion particle. Also enclosed within the virion particle are Vif, Vpr, Nef, p7 and viral protease. The envelope is formed when the capsid buds from the host cell, taking some of the host-cell membrane with it. The envelope includes the glycoproteins gp120 and gp41.
As a result of its role in virus-cell attachment, the structure of the virus envelope spike, consisting of gp120 and gp41, is of particular importance. It is hoped that determining the envelope spike's structure will contribute to scientific understanding of the virus and its replication cycle, and help in the creation of a cure. The first model of its structure was compiled in 2006 using cryo-electron tomography and suggested that each spike consists of a trimer of three gp120–gp41 heterodimers. However, published shortly after was evidence for a single-stalk "mushroom" model, with a head consisting of a trimer gp120s and a gp41 stem, which appears as a compact structure with no obvious separation between the three monomers, anchoring it to the envelope. There are various possibilities as to the source of this difference, as it is unlikely that the viruses imaged by the two groups were structurally different. More recently, further evidence backing up the heterodimer trimer-based model has been found.
Genome organization.
HIV has several major genes coding for structural proteins that are found in all retroviruses as well as several nonstructural ("accessory") genes unique to HIV. The HIV genome contains three major genes, 5'gag-pol-env-3', encoding major structural proteins as well as essential enzymes. These are synthesized as polyproteins which produce proteins for virion interior, called Gag, group specific antigen; the viral enzymes (Pol, polymerase) or the glycoproteins of the virion "env" (envelope). In addition to these, HIV encodes for proteins which have certain regulatory and auxiliary functions as well. HIV-1 has two important regulatory elements: Tat and Rev and few important accessory proteins such as Nef, Vpr, Vif and Vpu which are not essential for replication in certain tissues. The "gag" gene provides the basic physical infrastructure of the virus, and "pol" provides the basic mechanism by which retroviruses reproduce, while the others help HIV to enter the host cell and enhance its reproduction. Though they may be altered by mutation, all of these genes except "tev" exist in all known variants of HIV; see Genetic variability of HIV.
HIV employs a sophisticated system of differential RNA splicing to obtain nine different gene products from a less than 10kb genome. HIV has a 9.2kb unspliced genomic transcript which encodes for gag and pol precursors; a singly spliced, 4.5 kb encoding for env, Vif, Vpr and Vpu and a multiply spliced, 2 kb mRNA encoding for Tat, Rev and Nef.
RNA secondary structure.
Several conserved secondary structure elements have been identified within the HIV RNA genome. The 5'UTR structure consists of series of stem-loop structures connected by small linkers. These stem-loops (5' to 3') include the trans-activation region (TAR) element, the 5' polyadenylation signal [poly(A)], the PBS, the DIS, the major SD and the ψ hairpin structure located within the 5' end of the genome and the HIV Rev response element (RRE) within the env gene. Another RNA structure that has been identified is gag stem loop 3 (GSL3), thought to be involved in viral packaging. RNA secondary structures have been proposed to affect the HIV life cycle by altering the function of HIV protease and reverse transcriptase, although not all elements identified have been assigned a function.
An RNA secondary structure determined by SHAPE analysis has shown to contain three stem loops and is located between the HIV protease and reverse transcriptase genes. This "cis" regulatory RNA has been shown to be conserved throughout the HIV family and is thought to influence the viral life cycle.
The complete structure of an HIV-1 genome, extracted from infectious virions, has been solved to single-nucleotide resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="2846936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846936" title="Jorane">
Jorane

Jorane Pelletier (born October 12, 1975), known professionally as Jorane, is a French-Canadian singer/cellist, who is notable for her alternative music style on a typically classical instrument as well as her ability to sing while playing cello at the same time.
Jorane's style on the cello has been compared to Tori Amos on the piano. She has worked with Sarah McLachlan for her record "Afterglow", among other well-known artists. In 2004, the press also reported that Jorane would appear on a Halloween special of the television series "ZeD" to perform a "witchy acid cello". 
She has released eight full-length studio albums to date.
Jorane performed a completely improvised piece inspired by the images she was presented with on a large screen, in Montréal on July 7, 2007 as part of "Montréal Terre", a sister concert of the Live Earth concerts.
In addition to her own recordings, she composed the film score for the 2013 film "Louis Cyr".

</doc>
<doc id="2846937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846937" title="The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven">
The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven

The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven is a 1992 martial arts cult film that was directed by Donald G. Jackson, and was produced by and stars Scott Shaw.
Background.
This film is sometimes titled "Legend of the Roller Blade 7" in the media and on the internet, though this was not the actual release title. 
This film stars much of the cast from the original feature, including: Scott Shaw, William Smith (actor), Frank Stallone, Karen Black, Don Stroud, Rhonda Shear and Joe Estevez. Adult film star Jill Kelly can also be seen in this film.
Plot.
This film takes place in an apocalyptic land of the future known as "The Wheelzone". In this place there are no cars and people travel on skates and skateboards. 
The plot of this film traces the exploits of Hawk Goodman (played by Shaw), who is on a quest to rescue several young ladies from the grasp of the evil overlord Pharaoh (played by Smith).
Because this film was composed of footage taken from the other two features associated with this project, "The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven" follows a very similar storyline to "The Roller Blade Seven", with a few elements added from "Return of the Roller Blade Seven". Most notably, a very extensive fight scene where a large number of combatants battle with samurai swords and martial arts.
Sequels.
This film is commonly referred to in the media as the first of two sequels to the cult classic "The Roller Blade Seven". The second sequel, "Return of the Roller Blade Seven", was released in 1993. 
Though the film is considered the second film in "The Roller Blade Seven Trilogy", according to Scott Shaw, this is not the case. In an article he wrote, "The Making of the Roller Blade Seven," that was published in several industry journals, including Independent Film and Video, he states that the executive producer took the other two films associated with this movie: "The Roller Blade Seven" and "Return of the Roller Blade Seven," had them reedited, and combined them into one single film, thereby creating this feature film. This action was taken without the consent or approval of the two filmmakers. He states that this film, "The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven" is, therefore, not endorsed by either Donald G. Jackson nor himself.
The article goes on to state that the actual third film intended for "The Roller Blade Seven Trilogy" is titled, "Wheelzone Rangers". This is a film that has not yet been produced.
Distribution.
"The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven" found a much larger audience in the video and cable market than did the other two features associated with this project. This was because this film was actively distributed, particularly in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2846958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846958" title="Syd Owen">
Syd Owen

Sydney William Owen (28 February 1922 – January 1999) was an English footballer and football coach.
He made 388 first-team appearances for Luton Town. 
In 1959 he was the Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year.
He earned three caps for the England national football team, and was a member of the 1954 FIFA World Cup team. He managed Luton, and later became first team coach of Leeds United under Don Revie throughout the 60s and 70s.

</doc>
<doc id="2846967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846967" title="Hugh Ross (creationist)">
Hugh Ross (creationist)

Hugh Norman Ross (born July 24, 1945) is a Canadian American astrophysicist, Christian apologist, and old earth creationist.
Ross has a Ph.D. in astrophysics from the University of Toronto and an undergraduate degree in physics from the University of British Columbia. He is known for establishing his own ministry called Reasons to Believe that promotes progressive and day-age forms of Old Earth Creationism. Ross accepts the scientific age of the earth and the scientific age of the universe, however he rejects evolution and abiogenesis as explanations for the history and origin of life.
Early life.
Hugh Ross was born in Montreal and raised in Vancouver, Canada. Ross earned a BSc in physics from the University of British Columbia and an MSc and PhD in astronomy from the University of Toronto; and he was a postdoctoral research fellow for five years at Caltech, studying quasars and galaxies.
Career.
Before starting Reasons to Believe, Ross was on the ministerial staff at Sierra Madre Congregational Church. In addition to apologetics writing, Ross speaks regularly in academic venues and churches, as well as regular podcasts "I Didn't Know That" (formerly Creation Update), and "Science News Flash." He spoke at the 2008 Skeptics Society' "Origins Conference" at California Institute of Technology alongside Nancey Murphy, Victor Stenger, Kenneth R. Miller. Sean Carroll, Michael Shermer and Leonard Susskind. Ross has publicly debated both scientists, including Jerry Coyne, Eugenie Scott, Victor Stenger, Peter Ward, Lewis Wolpert and Michael Shermer, and young-earth creationists, including Ken Ham, Kent Hovind, Duane Gish, Danny Faulkner, Andrew McIntosh and John Morris. In 2012 he won the Trotter Prize, delivering the Trotter Lecture at Texas A&M University on "Theistic Implications for Big Bang Cosmology."
Creationism.
Ross believes in progressive creationism, which posits that while the earth is billions of years old, life did not appear by natural forces alone but that a supernatural agent formed different lifeforms in incremental (progressive) stages, and day-age creationism which is an effort to reconcile a literal Genesis account of Creation with modern scientific theories on the age of the Universe, the Earth, life, and humans. He rejects the Young Earth Creationist (YEC) position that the earth is younger than 10,000 years, or that the creation "days" of Genesis 1 represent literal 24-hour periods. Ross instead asserts that these days (translated from the Hebrew word "yom") are historic, distinct, and sequential, but not 24 hours in length nor equal in length. Ross and his team agree with the scientific community at large that the vast majority of YEC arguments are pseudoscience and that any version of intelligent design is inadequate if it doesn't provide a testable hypothesis which can make verifiable and falsifiable predictions, and if not, it should not be taught in the classroom as science.
Ross is a critic of young-earth creationists, in particular Russell Humphreys.
Criticism.
Hugh Ross has been criticized by CSUF professor emeritus Mark Perakh for misunderstanding basic concepts of thermodynamics together with misinterpretations of Hebrew words.
Ross is criticized by YECs for, among other things, his acceptance of uniformitarian geology and astronomy over what they see as a plain reading of the English translation of Genesis. YECs claim that speciation explains how present biodiversity could have arisen from the small number of "kinds" after Noah's Flood. Ross holds that Noah's Flood was local (universal to all mankind), and believes it killed all humans except for those on the ark, whereas YECs generally hold that Noah's Flood was global (all land mass, even those with no humans).
Ross has drawn criticism for his views on God existing in hyperdimensions of time and space and interpreting Christian doctrines in that light from, among others, J.P. Moreland, Thomas C. Oden, and William Lane Craig, who otherwise support him. Ross responded to these critiques in the "Journal of the Evangelical Philosophical Society" J.W. Browning of the Rocky Mountain Creation Fellowship, who agrees by and large with the YEC stance and with William Lane Craig to the extent of his critique on Ross, also disputed additional statements Ross had made on primary Trinitarian doctrine.
Bibliography.
Ross has written or collaborated on the following books:
Additionally, he has contributed to the following volumes:

</doc>
<doc id="2846990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846990" title="The Fall of Math">
The Fall of Math

The Fall of Math is the debut album by the instrumental post-rock band 65daysofstatic, released on September 20, 2004 through Monotreme. It contains what is arguably their most famous track, "Retreat! Retreat!".
The album spawned two singles, both released after the album. While "Retreat! Retreat!" was a standard CD single release featuring two b-sides, "Hole" was released as a 7-track EP with a length of almost thirty minutes. Both tracks were accompanied by promotional videos.
The song "Aren't We All Running?" appeared in the initial trailer for the video game "Binary Domain".

</doc>
<doc id="2846995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2846995" title="Arnold Förster">
Arnold Förster

Arnold Förster (1810–1884) was a German entomologist, who worked mainly on Coleoptera and Hymenoptera.
Life.
Arnold Förster, who was born on 20 January 1810 in Aachen, Germany, where he died on 12 August 1884. He was Oberlehrer, or upper teacher, in Aachen for his entire adult life. He worked ceaselessly on entomology paying particular attention to Coleoptera and Hymenoptera. He was a pioneering author on Hymenoptera.
Work.
Selection
Collections.
Förster’s Coleoptera und Homoptera: Cicadina and some of his Hymenoptera (Cynipidae, Ichneumonidae (Cryptinae exkl. Pezomachini und Stilpnini), Pimplinae und Ophioninae (except Plectiscini und Campoplex), Braconidae, Chrysididae, Formicidae und Vespidae) are in the Humboldt Museum,Berlin; his Tenthredinidae, Ichneumonidae (Pezomachini, Stilpnini, Tryphonini, Plectiscini und Campoplex) and Apidae are in Munich State Museum; Proctotrupidae and Chalcididae and the rest of the Ichneumonidae are in the Natural History Museum, Vienna. The rest of Förster’s insects; Sphegidae; Diptera (with many types of species described by Johann Wilhelm Meigen are in the Zoological Museum of Halle).
Förster’s notebooks contain keys and descriptions, mostly of genera of Hymenoptera, almost entirely the Ichneumonidae are in the Smithsonian Institution. They are written in German, Greek, and Latin and contain unpublished information. Some refer to the Irish Entomologist Alexander Henry Haliday.

</doc>
<doc id="2847000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847000" title="Pabo Post Prydain">
Pabo Post Prydain

Pabo Post Prydain("supp. fl." before 500) was a king from the Hen Ogledd or "Old North" of sub-Roman Britain. According to tradition Pabo "the Pillar of Britain" was driven out of the North in 460 and settled in Anglesey. He is said to have been buried in the area. From the 14th century at least, when a stone cross was erected in the ruler's memory in the abbey's churchyard, Pabo has been identified as its founder, having retired, as many Welsh kings are said to have done, to a heremitic retreat.
Family.
The Old Welsh genealogies of British Library, Harleian MS 3859, calls him a son of Cenau son of Coel Hen. Later Welsh genealogies insert two generations by making him son of Arthwys son of Mar son of Cenau son of Coel, though this presents greater chronological problems. The genealogies give a him a royal line of descendants as the father of Dunod Fawr, Sawyl Penuchel and Ardun Benasgell, and a saintly one as the grandfather of Deiniol, Asaph and Tysilio.
As to his period, Elis Gruffydd's "Chronicle" says that his daughter married Maelgwn Gwynedd. while an Irish genealogy says that his son "Samuel Chendisel" (the Irish equivalent of "Pen-isel") married Deichter, daughter of Muiredach Muinderg, the king of Ulster. Their son Sanctan founded Kilnasantan in County Dublin after travelling to Ireland with his brother Matóc Ailithir. The Irish "Liber Hymnorum" confirms that Sanctan and Matóc came to Ireland from Britain. Pabo must have been roughly the same age as Muiredach, whose death-date (after a reign of 24 years according to other sources) is given in the "Annals of Tigernach" as 489.
Llanbabo.
A tradition identifies Pabo as the founder of St Pabo's Church, Llanbabo (at Llanbabo, Anglesey). The first author to record it is antiquarian Henry Rowlands (d. 1723), who writes that ""Pabo", frequently called "Post Prydain", i.e. the Support of Britain, for his great valour against the Picts and Scots, retired here Anglesey, and built his church at "Llan Babo"." A stone cross was erected in the ruler's memory in the abbey's churchyard at the same time Bangor Cathedral was being built. Welsh poet Lewis Morris reports that the memorial cross was discovered there around 1650. The monument, dated to the 14th Century, bears the carved image of a king and an accompanying inscription. The inscription is in part illegible but the following reading has been suggested;
Some scholars argue, in the absence of early evidence, that the tradition is probably spurious though the identity of the historical Pabo who did give his name to the church remains otherwise unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2847003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847003" title="Zarzov brothers">
Zarzov brothers

The Zarzov Brothers, or Zarzovs, were two Melbourne-based radio hosts. Their program, The Dog's Breakfast, was broadcast on WYN-FM on Thursday evenings 8–10pm and ended in late 2006, following four years of success and widespread support across Melbourne's western suburbs. The program was also simulcast on the Internet. The Zarzovs were well known for their hilarious antics, irreverent social commentary and bizarre musical interludes. Several Zarzov segments and sketches have been mimicked by other commercial radio stations.
Tragic and quite bizarre circumstances prompted the withdrawal of their program. In early 2006 the senior Zarzov, 'Blewey', suffered a painful death after acquiring food poisoning from a local cut-price Asian restaurant. Later in the same year his co-announcer, 'Burnie', received 30 stitches after being mauled by a shark off Werribee South beach. This injury, as well as the death of his long-standing partner, led 'Burnie' to retire, ending four long years of Zarzov success. They were replaced in their timeslot by a jazz music programme, causing ratings to plummet.
The grave of 'Blewey' is located on the outskirts of Werribee, Victoria and is the centre of pilgrimages by former fans of The Dog's Breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="2847006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847006" title="IEEE 802.11v">
IEEE 802.11v

IEEE 802.11v is an amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to allow configuration of client devices while connected to wireless networks.
802.11 is a set of IEEE standards that govern wireless networking transmission methods. They are commonly used today in their 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n versions to provide wireless connectivity in the home, office and some commercial establishments.
Wireless Network Management.
802.11v is the Wireless Network Management standard for the IEEE 802.11 family of standards. 802.11v allows client devices to exchange information about the network topology, including information about the RF environment, making each client network aware, facilitating overall improvement of the wireless network.
Status.
After several years in development as a draft standard, 802.11v was ratified as a formal amendment to the 802.11 standard on 2 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2847029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847029" title="Jimmy Adamson">
Jimmy Adamson

James "Jimmy" Adamson (4 April 1929 – 8 November 2011) was an English professional footballer and football manager. He was born in Ashington, Northumberland. He made 476 appearances for Burnley ranking him sixth in their all-time appearance list.
Career.
Playing.
Adamson, a right-half, joined Burnley in January 1947 after playing non-league football in his native Ashington and working as a miner. His early career was interrupted by National Service, which he completed with the Royal Air Force, meaning his debut had to wait until February 1951, when Burnley played away to Bolton Wanderers. He played once for the England B team, but never made the full England side. 
He was an ever-present as Burnley won the English league championship in 1959-60 and captained the side to the 1962 FA Cup Final which they lost against Tottenham Hotspur. He was also named Footballer of the Year in 1962.
Adamson formed a midfield partnership with inside-forward Jimmy McIlroy, around which much of Burnley's creative play was centred.
Coaching and managerial.
He retired in 1964, having played 426 league games, and joined the Burnley coaching staff. He had previously coached the England team in the 1962 World Cup in Chile and was the Football Association's preferred choice of manager ahead of Alf Ramsey but declined the offer. 
In February 1970, when Burnley manager Harry Potts was made general manager, Adamson stepped up to become team manager. Burnley were relegated at the end his first full season in charge, but returned to the top-flight in 1973, winning the Second Division title.
Burnley were relegated again in 1976, although Adamson had already left that January. In May 1976 he was appointed as manager of Dutch side Sparta Rotterdam, but left the following month. In November 1976 he was made manager of Sunderland, but was unable to prevent them from relegation from the First Division.
He left Sunderland in November 1978, taking over from Jock Stein as manager of Leeds United. His time at Leeds is well remembered for the huge roars of "Adamson Out" with which the crowd greeted his later appearances. He left Leeds in October 1980. He took no further part in professional football and spent the rest of his life in Burnley. 
Adamson died on 8 November 2011, aged 82. He was predeceased by his wife, May, and daughters, Julie and Jayne. He is survived by three granddaughters and two grandsons. 
On August 1st 2013 his biography is set to be released, written by Dave Thomas and published by Pitch Publishing. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847034" title="Dreamer (Ozzy Osbourne song)">
Dreamer (Ozzy Osbourne song)

"Dreamer" is the third track from Ozzy Osbourne's album "Down to Earth", which was released on October 16, 2001. The single peaked at number 10 on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock Tracks. The song describes the rockstar's vision of a better world for his children, where they are happy and safe. The song itself is thematically and musically similar to Lennon's "Imagine". In the liner notes to Osbourne's Prince of Darkness box set, Ozzy refers to this song as his "Imagine". Ozzy has named John Lennon many times as his hero. A second video was also produced, featuring highlights from "The Osbournes". The Japanese press of the single also included a slightly different version of the song Dreamer, dubbed on the single "Dreamer (acoustic)" and a previously unreleased song titled "Black Skies"

</doc>
<doc id="2847039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847039" title="Keswick family">
Keswick family

The Keswick family (pronounced with a silent "w", "Kezzick") are a business dynasty of Scottish origin associated with the Far East since 1855 and in particular the conglomerate Jardine Matheson.
As tai-pans of Jardine Matheson & Co, the Keswick family have at some time been closely associated with the ownership or management of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, the Indo-China Steam Navigation Company Ltd., the Canton Insurance Office Ltd, (now the HSBC Insurance Co), The Hongkong and Kowloon Wharf and Godown Company Limited, Star Ferry, Hong Kong Tramway, the Hong Kong Land Investment and Agency Co Ltd, and the Hongkong and Whampoa Dock Co Ltd.
1st Generation.
The Hon. William Keswick (1834–1912).
William Keswick, founder of the dynasty, was born in 1834, in Dumfriesshire in the Scottish Lowlands. His grandmother, Jean Jardine Johnstone was an older sister of Dr. William Jardine, the founder of Jardines. His father Thomas Keswick had married Margaret Johnstone, Jardine's niece and daughter of Jean, and entered the Jardine business. The company operated as opium traders and had a major influence in the First and Second Opium Wars although the company stopped this trading in 1870 to pursue a broad range of other trading interests including shipping, railways, textiles and property development.
William arrived in China and Hong Kong in 1855, the first of five generations of the Keswick family to be associated with Jardines. He established a Jardine Matheson office in Yokohama, Japan in 1859. He returned to Hong Kong to become a partner of the firm in 1862. He became managing partner (Taipan) from 1874 to 1886. He left Hong Kong in 1886 to work with Matheson & Co. in London as a senior director responsible only to Sir Robert Jardine (1825–1905), a son of David Jardine, William Jardine's older brother and the head of Mathesons in London.
He spent three spells on the Legislative and Executive Councils of Hong Kong between 1868 and 1887. In 1888, Keswick and the chemist Herbert W. C. Tweddle bought the Negritos oil fields on the hacienda La Brea y Pariñas in Peru. Keswick and Tweddle then formed the London and Pacific Petroleum Company to profit from the property.
The Hon. James Johnstone Keswick (1845–1914).
J.J. Keswick, younger brother of William, arrived in the Far East in 1870 and remained for 26 years, mostly based in Hong Kong. Nicknamed, "James the bloody polite", a tribute to his personality. Like his brother, he was a Member of the Legislative Council and Chairman of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce in five spells between 1890 to 1900. He was taipan of Jardine, Matheson from the 1890s to the turn of the century. He founded Hongkong Land together with close associate Sir Paul Chater, a development company established in 1889 which remained closely associated with Jardine Matheson.
J.J.J. Keswick (1842–1904).
Another brother was based in Calcutta, where he headed Jardine Skinner & Co, with a fellow Scot as his business partner John (Skinner) Stewart.
2nd Generation.
Henry Keswick (1870–1928).
Son of William Keswick, Henry Keswick arrived in Hong Kong in 1895 the year before his Uncle James left. He had previously spent two years in the New York office of Jardines.
The first gap in the long line of continuous association with Hong Kong occurred when he returned home to represent Hong Kong at the coronation of King George V in 1911. He did return to Hong Kong and the Far East in his yacht "Cutty Sark" in 1922. He remained a Director of Jardines until his death in 1928.
3rd Generation.
The next family members to be associated with Hong Kong and Shanghai were Henry's sons "Tony" and John Keswick. As well as being directors of Jardines they served as members of the Legislative and Executive Councils in Hong Kong and of the Council of the International Settlement in Shanghai. They were also Chairmen of the Shanghai Municipal Council and Chamber of Commerce at various times. When William and his father Henry Keswick returned to the United Kingdom they both served as Members of Parliament with responsibility for Far Eastern interests.
Sir William Johnstone "Tony" Keswick (1903–1990).
"Tony" Keswick arrived in the far east in 1926. He and his brother remained Directors of the firm after they had left the Far East. He was in charge of the Shanghai office (at that time the Head Office in the Far East) from 1935 until 1941. He was also Chairman of the Shanghai Municipal Council during the crises leading to the Pacific War. He was shot in the arm by a Japanese at a Municipal Election Meeting held on the Shanghai Racecourse in 1941. The company's Chinese business interests were looted by occupying Japanese forces.
During World War II, he, along with his brother John, served as senior intelligence operatives with the British Special Operations Executive (SOE).
After the war he took over as Managing Director of Matheson & Co. Ltd, in London. Among his other business activities, he was Governor of the Hudson's Bay Company, Director of the Bank of England, Vice-Chairman of Alliance Assurance, and Director of British Petroleum.
He was a friend of the sculptor Henry Moore and placed several statues in particularly scenic spots on the hillsides of the Keswick estate.
Sir John "The Younger" Keswick, or Sir John Keswick, KCMG (1906–1982).
John followed his brother to the far east in 1929 and replaced him in Shanghai after the shooting incident. He fled the city when the Japanese took Shanghai. He escaped with his wife Clare to Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and served during the war with Admiral Lord Louis Mountbatten's staff.
John Keswick returned to Shanghai after the war to organize in the rebuilding of Jardine's office and to reestablish the firm's trading links throughout China and Asia. In 1949, after the communist party's takeover of China, Jardine's head office was moved to Hong Kong. Despite attempting to work with the communists, business conditions became worse. Operations were closed in 1954 with the effective nationalisation of the company's interests and a $20m loss.
John Keswick became a member of the Hong Kong Executive Council in 1952. He retired as Tai-pan in 1953 and joined Matheson & Co in 1956. He returned temporarily as non-executive Chairman of Jardine Matheson in Hong Kong from 1970 to 1972. While in England, he and his brother financed the buy-out and then public flotation of Jardine Matheson.
He was married in 1940 to the Roman Catholic, Clare Elwes (1905-1998), youngest child of the tenor Gervase Elwes. Their only child was Margaret, known as Maggie Keswick, gardener and author (1941-1995), who founded Maggie's Centres for those suffering from cancer. She left issue, two children, by her husband, the landscape architect Charles Jencks, whom she had married in 1978, as his 2nd wife. (Charles Jencks remarried in 2006 Louisa Lane-Fox, former wife of historian Robin Lane Fox and mother of Martha Lane Fox, Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho).
4th Generation.
Sir Henry Keswick.
Tony Keswick's son, Young Henry, born 1938 as Henry Neville Lindley Keswick, joined Jardines in 1961 and was assigned to the firm's offices in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia. He was made a Director in 1967, Senior Managing Director in 1970 and Chairman in 1972. He retired as Senior Managing Director and Chairman in 1975. He returned to London and is the current chairman of Jardine Matheson Holdings.
Sir Chippendale Keswick.
Sir Chips Keswick, Tony Keswick's second son who was born in 1940, was not associated with Jardine Matheson but instead with the London merchant bank, Hambros.
Simon Keswick.
Young Henry's youngest brother, Simon Keswick, born 1942, joined the firm in 1962 and a Director in 1972 but left Jardines in 1977 to join his brother at Matheson & Co. He returned to join Jardines again in 1983 as Senior Managing Director and then Chairman after his father managed to remove the former managing director David Newbigging. Simon Keswick started the restructuring of the company becoming more international rather than tied to Hong Kong.
Simon Keswick retired as Tai-pan in 1988 after seeing the firm's holding office redomiciled to Bermuda and restructuring the firm's senior management organization.
5th Generation.
The family still owns considerable holdings in the company with a 5th generation actively working within the company.
Percy Weatherall.
Percy Weatherall (born 1957) or Edward Percy Keswick Weatherall, is a great grandson of Henry Keswick (1870–1928). He was Managing Director of the Jardine Matheson Group from 2000 to 31 March 2006 having joined the board in 1999.
Mr. Weatherall joined the Jardine Group in 1976 and worked in a number of senior executive positions in Hong Kong, the USA, the United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, Korea and the Philippines. Prior to becoming "Taipan", Mr. Weatherall was chief executive officer of Hongkong Land.
Ben Keswick.
Ben Keswick, son of Simon, born 1972, joined the Board in April 2007. He was group managing director of Jardine Cycle & Carriage. He joined the Group in 1998 and held positions in Dairy Farm and Hongkong Land before taking an MBA at INSEAD. In 2003, he was appointed finance director of Jardine Pacific, and was its chief executive officer from 2005 to 2007. Ben Keswick became Chairman and Managing Director (taipan) of Jardine Matheson Limited in April 2012. He also holds senior leadership positions in Cycle & Carriage Bintang and MCL Land; and a commissioner of Astra and United Tractors.
Adam Keswick.
Adam Keswick, born 1973, son of Chips, joined the Board in April 2007. He is chief executive of Jardine Pacific and of Jardine Motors. After joining the Group in 2001 from N M Rothschild & Sons, he held positions within Group Treasury and Jardine Pacific. Mr Keswick was appointed group strategy director of Jardine Cycle & Carriage in 2003, and was group managing director from 2005 to 2007. He is also a director of Jardine Matheson Limited.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="2847053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847053" title="List of abbreviations for market segments">
List of abbreviations for market segments

Some market segments are referred to by acronyms and initials:

</doc>
<doc id="2847057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847057" title="Billy Paultz">
Billy Paultz

William Edward "Billy" Paultz (born July 30, 1948) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Born in River Edge, New Jersey, Paultz played college basketball at Cameron Junior College and then at Saint John's University, and was selected in the seventh round of the 1970 NBA Draft by the San Diego Rockets and by the Virginia Squires in the 1970 ABA Draft. Paultz opted to sign with the Squires. On August 11, 1970 the Squires traded his rights to the New York Nets in exchange for a draft choice and cash.
He played professional ball both in the National Basketball Association and in the now defunct American Basketball Association. His nickname was "The Whopper", and he stands 6 feet 11 inches tall.
As a rookie, Paultz made his first playoff appearance in 1970-1971 with the New York Nets. He spent his first five seasons, all in the playoffs, with the ABA Nets, and was a key player in their 1974 championship season. He was then traded to the San Antonio Spurs where he made four appearances in the playoffs, including one in an ABA championship final from 1975–1979.
Although Paultz moved with a bulky stiffness, he was a very heady player. He was traded to the Houston Rockets, where he played for two and a half seasons, and he teamed with Moses Malone to make the 1980-81 finals. During the 1982-83 season, (without Malone), and with the Rockets in last place, he was placed on waivers and picked up by the playoff-bound Spurs. In 1984, he was a late season pickup by the playoff bound Atlanta Hawks He finished his career with the Utah Jazz in 1985.
A three time ABA All-Star, Paultz led the ABA in blocked shots during the 1975-1976 season.
About his play, Paultz stated, "I have realized that I'm not an overpowering type center. I don't really know what my category is. I have always been the type of player that can do a little bit of everything."
Paultz played organized basketball at River Dell Regional High School in Bergen County, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2847060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847060" title="HD 189733">
HD 189733

HD 189733, also catalogued as V452 Vulpeculae, is a binary star system approximately 63 light-years away in the constellation of Vulpecula (the Fox). The primary star is suspected to be an orange dwarf star, while the secondary star is a red dwarf star. Given that this system has the same visual magnitude as HD 209458, it promises much for the study of close transiting extrasolar planets. The star can be found with binoculars 0.3 degrees east of the Dumbbell Nebula (M27).
As of 2005, it has been confirmed that an extrasolar planet orbits the primary star within the system.
Stellar system.
"HD 189733 A" is an orange dwarf star of the spectral type K1.5V. The star has a mass of 81 percent that of the Sun, a radius 76 percent, and a luminosity of 33 percent. The star is between 89 and 102 percent as enriched in iron as the Sun, making the star more than 600 million years old.
The star has starspots which affect its luminosity by 1.5 percent in visible light. As a result, it is listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as a BY Draconis variable with the variable star designation "V452 Vul".
Discovered in 2006 by the infrared 2MASS astronomical survey, 2MASS J20004297+2242342 or "HD 189733 B" is a dim red dwarf star of spectral type M. The companion was observed at a separation of 216 astronomical units away from the primary star. Orbiting in a clockwise orbit (which is nearly perpendicular to the orbital plane of transiting planet HD 189733 b), the orbital period is estimated around 3,200 years long.
Planetary system.
"HD 189733 A" has one known planet, designated HD 189733 b, a gaseous giant 13% larger than Jupiter close enough to complete an orbit every two days. Using spectrometry it was found in 2007 that this planet contains significant amounts of water vapour. This planet is the second extrasolar planet where definitive evidence for water has been found.
The chemical signature of water vapour was detected in the atmosphere of this planet. Although HD 189733b with atmospheric temperatures rising above is far from being habitable, this finding increases the likelihood that water, an essential component of life, would be found on a more Earth-like planet in the future.
Astronomers have created a rough map of HD 189733b's cloud-top features using data from the Spitzer infrared space telescope.
Although Spitzer could not resolve the planet into a disk, by measuring changes as the planet rotated, the team created a simple longitudinal map. That is, they measured the planet's brightness in a series of pole-to-pole strips across the planet's visible cloud-tops, then assembled those strips into an overall picture.
Probably due to strong winds, the hottest point on the planet seems to be "offset by about 30 degrees longitudinally" from the substellar point ("high noon").
In late 2008, the spectral signature of carbon dioxide was found in HD 189733b's atmosphere.
In 2013, albedo measurements at visible wavelengths in the range of 290–570 nm using the Hubble Space Telescope STIS (Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph) instrument, reported in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, determine the planet to have a deep blue hue due to optically thick reflective clouds containing silicates (glass) "rain". The paper detailing the results reports measurement of "geometric albedos of Ag = 0.40 ± 0.12 at 290–450 nm ultraviolet to blue in the visible light region of the electromagnetic spectrum and Ag < 0.12 at 450–570 nm ... with sodium absorption suppressing the scattered light signal beyond ∼450 nm as predicted by models of hot Jupiter atmospheres." 

</doc>
<doc id="2847069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847069" title="Anrep family">
Anrep family

Anrep is a family, belonging to Swedish and Russian nobility.
History.
The family originates from Anreppen, a village on Lippe river in Westfalia, Germany (now a part of Delbrück town). In 15th century Anreps, belonging to the Teutonic Knights, settled in Livonia. In 1626, during the Thirty Years' War, this country became a dominion of Sweden. 
Anrep family was soon naturalized in Sweden and introduced to the "Riddarhuset", or House of Knights, in 1635. According to Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, German von Anrep was a Field Marshal in Sweden in 16th century, and some Anreps were later also on French and Prussian military service [http://www.rulex.ru/01010578.htm]. 
By 1710, in the Great Northern War between Peter I of Russia and Charles XII of Sweden, Frederick Wilhelm I von Anrep, a captain in the Swedish army, had been taken to Moscow as a prisoner. From that time his branch of the family remained in Russia, serving the Tsars, generally in military or naval posts. Russian Anreps retained the Lutheran religion of their ancestors.

</doc>
<doc id="2847082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847082" title="Annemarie Huber-Hotz">
Annemarie Huber-Hotz

Annemarie Huber-Hotz (born 16 August 1948 in Baar, Zug) was Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2000 and 2007. She was nominated by the FDP for the office, and elected on 15 December 1999 after four rounds of voting. The activity is comparable to an office for Minister. The Federal Chancellery, with about 180 workers, performs administrative functions relating to the co-ordination of the Swiss Federal government and the work of the Swiss Federal Council. She was assisted by Vice-Chancellors Oswald Sigg and Corina Casanova. The Chancellor attends meetings of the Federal Council but does not vote. Annemarie Huber-Hotz did not stand for reelection in December 2007 (after the general election), and was succeeded by Corina Casanova on 1 January 2008.
Biography.
Huber-Hotz attended primary and secondary school in Baar, and the Gymnasium of Zug. She then studied sociology, ethnology and political science at the Universities of Bern, Uppsala (Sweden) and at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva and participated in various professional activities. She undertook advanced studies at ETH in Zürich in spatial planning.
She has held the following positions:
Annemarie Huber-Hotz is married and has 3 children. She speaks English, French and Swedish in addition to German and Swiss German.

</doc>
<doc id="2847083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847083" title="Lacus Autumni">
Lacus Autumni

Lacus Autumni (Latin for "Lake of Autumn") is a region of lunar mare that lies near the western limb of the Moon. Along this side of the lunar surface is a huge impact basin centered on the Mare Orientale. Two concentric mountain rings surround the Orientale mare, the inner ring being named Montes Rook and an outer ring called the Montes Cordillera. Lacus Autumni lies in the northeastern quadrant of the gap between these two mountain rings. Unfortunately this section of the lunar surface is difficult to observe directly from the Earth.
This mare has selenographic coordinates of 9.9° S, 83.9° W, and it lies within a diameter of 183 km. (Compare to the Mare Orientale, which has a diameter of 327 km.) This mare runs from the southeast to the northwest, reaching a maximum width of 90-100 km. Only the central and southeastern sections of the lake have regions of relatively low albedo material typical of a lunar mare. The remainder matches the albedo of the surrounding terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="2847090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847090" title="Glencullen">
Glencullen

Glencullen () is a village and townland in the county of Dún Laoghaire in south County Dublin, Ireland. It is in the civil parish of Kilternan and the barony and Poor Law Union of Rathdown.
The village is on the R116 road on the slopes of Two Rock Mountain, above the valley of Glencullen (from which it takes its name). Its highest point is at a height of about , making Glencullen one of the highest villages in Ireland.
Heritage.
There is a Bronze Age wedge tomb at "Ballyedmonduff" on the south eastern slope of Two Rock Mountain. It is known locally as "the giants grave". It is a rectangular chamber divided into three parts surrounded by a U shaped double walled kerb filled with stones. The tomb was excavated in the 1940s when cremated bone,a polished stone hammer, flints and pottery were found.
Below Two Rock Mountain is the prominent South Dublin landmark of Three Rock Mountain, complete with its Communications Masts, some of which are visible from Glencullen.
Glencullen also has an important standing stone.
Entertainment.
At the centre of the village is Johnnie Fox's Pub, which was established in 1798, the year of the Irish Rebellion led by Theobald Wolfe Tone. It is claimed to be the highest pub in Ireland – a claim disputed by other pubs in Ireland. It was used by the 1916 Rebellion leaders as a meeting place.
Amenities.
The part-time library is housed in a Carnegie building, dating back to 1907.
St. Patrick's National School (a national primary school) is in Glencullen.
Sport.
The Stars Of Erin are the local Gaelic Athletic Association club. They were founded in 1903 and have two All Ireland Club titles, and are holders of the Paddy Mulligan Cup.
There is a nine hole golf course and an 18 hole pitch and putt course.
Transport.
The number 44B Dublin Bus service runs from the Dundrum Luas station to Glencullen.
History.
Glencullen was home to the politician Christopher Fitzsimon, son-in-law of Daniel O'Connell In August 1841 the village was centre of the agitation movement against Robert Peel's government when the "cabinet council" was convened at Fitzsimon's seat. Attendees included Viscount Morpeth and Frederick Romilly. During the Fenian Insurrection of 1867 the nine policemen of Glencullen barracks surrendered to the Irish Republic.
Glencullen features heavily in Dennis Kennedy's memoirs entitled "Square Peg".

</doc>
<doc id="2847091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847091" title="Westside, Syracuse">
Westside, Syracuse

Westside is a Syracuse, New York neighborhood, directly west of Downtown Syracuse. It corresponds to Onondaga County Census Tracts 21 and 22.
Located between Interstate 690, and West Street, Syracuse’s Westside neighborhood consists of a mix of commercial, residential, and mostly-abandoned industrial units. The residential portion, centered on Park Avenue, is to the south of “Historic Automobile Row,” with its over twenty car dealerships. To the south of the neighborhood’s residences, is a former industrial section, still apparent, with its many, mostly-empty warehouses, and overgrown spur railroad tracks. Along Erie Boulevard, the southern boundary-road, much of the former industrial presence has been replaced with modern commercial office buildings. Leavenworth Park and Frazer Park are the two largest parks of the neighborhood.
Its western portion has traditionally been a Polish neighborhood. Several families of Polish descent, even direct immigrants, still live in the neighborhood. The Polish Home, a banquet and bar facility on Park Avenue, serves as a major neighborhood meeting facility.
While the neighborhood lacks pedestrian-friendly connections to its neighbors, the Lakefront, Near Westside, Far Westside, and downtown, it is served by three major bus corridors that pass along the north, south, and through the center of the neighborhood.
The neighborhood is also home to the Middle Ages Brewing Company, a microbrewery that has its brewery and gift shop near Leavenworth Park.
The Westside of Syracuse is known for its large and continuously growing Hispanic population. This neighborhood is full of businesses that are owned by, and cater to, Spanish speaking clients.

</doc>
<doc id="2847093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847093" title="Noxious Enjoyment">
Noxious Enjoyment

Noxious Enjoyment was formed in 1994, and are a French Metalcore group. The members are ex-members of French rock groups: Daniel and Phil ( Guitar and Bass formerly of Lofofora), Kshoo (ex vocalist for Dirty District) and Maya (Drums formerly of Sarkasein). Their sound is very similar to Punk-Metal acts Sick Of It All and Hatebreed, and is far cry away from Kshoo's former band, Dirty District. After last album "Have A Nice Death" Noxious Enjoyment have now split.

</doc>
<doc id="2847095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847095" title="Time Stands Still (film)">
Time Stands Still (film)

Time Stands Still () is a 1982 Hungarian film about two brothers and the woman they both love, all living in Budapest during the uprising of 1956. It stars István Znamenák, Henrik Pauer, Sándor Sőth, Anikó Iván and Lajos Őze and was directed by Péter Gothár. Popular among audience and critics it won the Award of the Youth at Cannes, the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Foreign Language Film and the award for Best Director at the Tokyo International Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="2847098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847098" title="Two Steps from Heaven">
Two Steps from Heaven

Two Steps From Heaven is a novel by Russian author Mikhail Evstafiev.
Plot summary.
The events of the novel take place in the mid-1980s during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and soon after the troop withdrawal, back in the then Soviet Union. It is a stirring account of the trials of Lieutenant Oleg Sharagin, a platoon commander in the elite Soviet airborne forces, his fellow officers and soldiers. It also portrays the ordinary Afghans who suffered enormously under the Soviet occupation.
Sharagin survives many combat operations but is critically wounded just a few months before the end of his tour of duty when his platoon is ambushed in the course of a major offensive against the Mujahideen. He is evacuated to a hospital in Kabul, undergoes surgery, and finally finds himself reunited with his family. But back home he realizes his military career is over. The war haunts Sharagin and the pain caused by the wound turns his life into a nightmare, leading to a dramatic finale.
The novel is a good example of Russian "accurate fiction." It puts a human face on the Soviet soldier without sparing the gory details, like the hard to comprehend top-down authority and license for physical punishment and humiliation within the Russian army, the mental suffering which young soldiers and officers endured during their catastrophic experience in Afghanistan, or the gruesome killings of innocent Afghan civilians.
The novel first came out in Russian in 1997 in an abridged version. In 2006, it was published by Eksmo, one of the largest publishing houses in Russia.
The Russian and English versions can also be found on "Art of War" [http://artofwar.ru/e/english/], a project dedicated to the soldiers of the recent wars, which was created in 1998 by Afghan war veteran Vladimir Grigoriev. It features short stories, novels, poetry and essays by veterans of the wars in Afghanistan and Chechnya, as well as in the Middle East, Nagorno-Karabakh, Yugoslavia and contributions from veterans of the Vietnam and Korea wars.

</doc>
<doc id="2847099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847099" title="Peter Collier">
Peter Collier

Peter Charles Collier (born 25 February 1959) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Council since 2005, representing the North Metropolitan region. He is currently the Minister for Energy; Training and Workforce Development, having been sworn in on 23 September 2008. On 29 June 2012 he was sworn is as Minister for Education, replacing the former Independent Minister, Dr. Elizabeth Constable as part of a wider Cabinet reshuffle.
Previous positions held by Collier:
He is also a member of the Standing Committee on Legislation from 26 May 2005 onwards.
Teaching and early career.
Collier Studied at the University of Western Australia from 1977-1980, achieving a Bachelor of Arts (Political Science & History) and a Diploma in Teaching.
Before entering parliament, Collier was a school teacher at Scotch College from 1990 until 2005. He was House Head for Ross House and Head of Department for Political & Legal Studies & History. Before Scotch College he was also a teacher at the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Perth from 1987-1988. He also taught at Lesmurdie Senior High School from 1985 to 1986 and John Curtin Senior High School from 1981 to 1983.
Politics.
In 2000 Collier was accused of forging signatures on membership forms and using people's names without their consent in order to gain party pre-selection in the lead-up to the 2001 election. However the investigation by Western Australian police was dropped due to insufficient evidence. He denied the allegations.
He succeeded in defeating incumbent member Alan Cadby in a pre-selection battle in early 2004. Upon being informed that he would no longer have party support to contest a winnable position, Cadby promptly quit the party to become an independent and supported the Gallop Labor government pass its one vote one value electoral reform legislation in 2007, which had been stalled in an evenly divided Legislative Council for some years. Collier went on to win the North Metropolitan region seat in 2005.
Collier is a constitutional monarchist and argued for the retention of the oath of allegiance to the Queen for members of parliament. He is a member of the Western Australian branch of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy.
He is the current State Patron of the Western Australian Young Liberals, and was made a life member in 2006 for his services to the Young liberal Movement of Western Australia.
Private interests.
He has been a Professional Coach for Peppermint Grove Tennis Club from 1986–2000 and was tour coach for (Jenny Byrne/Dinky Van Rensburg/Joanne Faull) in 1989-1990. He won the Western Australian Tennis Coach of the Year Award in 1990-1992. Collier is the Patron of the Shenton Park Dogs Home.

</doc>
<doc id="2847102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847102" title="Quasi-judicial body">
Quasi-judicial body

A quasi-judicial body is an entity such as an arbitrator or tribunal board, generally of a public administrative agency, which has powers and procedures resembling those of a court of law or judge, and which is obligated to objectively determine facts and draw conclusions from them so as to provide the basis of an official action. Such actions are able to remedy a situation or impose legal penalties, and may affect the legal rights, duties or privileges of specific parties.
Powers.
Such bodies usually have powers of adjudication in such matters as:
Their powers are usually limited to a very specific area of expertise and authority, such as land use and zoning, financial markets, employment law, public standards, and/or a specific set of regulations of an agency.
Differences from judicial.
There are some key differences between judicial and quasi-judicial bodies, in that:
Decisions.
In general, decisions of a quasi-judicial body require findings of facts to reach conclusions of law that justify the decision. They usually depend on a pre-determined set of guidelines or criteria to assess the nature and gravity of the permission or relief sought, or of the offense committed. Decisions of a quasi-judicial body are often legally enforceable under the laws of a jurisdiction; they can be challenged in a court of law which is the final decisive authority.
List of quasi-judicial bodies.
The following is a partial list of quasi-judicial bodies

</doc>
<doc id="2847106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847106" title="Parks and open spaces in Redbridge">
Parks and open spaces in Redbridge

The London Borough of Redbridge, one of the northern peripheral London boroughs, has within its boundaries parts of two large open spaces: Epping Forest and Wanstead Flats. Apart from many smaller parks, gardens and sports grounds, the following are the main open spaces in Redbridge:
Fairlop Waters Country Park is one of 11 parks throughout Greater London chosen to receive money for redevelopment by a public vote, in 2009. The park received £400,000 towards better footpaths, more lighting, refurbished public toilets and new play areas for children.
The parks are patrolled by the Redbridge Community Police Team.

</doc>
<doc id="2847111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847111" title="Kanika Banerjee">
Kanika Banerjee

Kanika Banerjee (October 12, 1924 – April 5, 2000) was an Indian Rabindra Sangeet singer.
Biography.
Early life.
Born on October 12, 1924 at Sonamukhi in Bankura district, Kanika joined Visva-Bharati University, Santiniketan in West Bengal, India. She was trained in both classical and Rabindrasangeet in "Sangeet Bhavana" (School of Music) at Santiniketan. Shantiniketan (which literally means "Abode of Peace") was built on the model of an "Ashram" (educational hermitage). For this reason, Kanika is also occasionally referred to as "Ashram Kanya" or 'girl of the Ashram'. She was fortunate to take music lessons from none other than Rabindranath Tagore. It was Tagore who christened her "Kanika" (her original name being "Anima"), also the name of one of his books on Poetry. Her other gurus were Dinendra Nath Tagore, Sailajaranjan Majumdar, Indira Devi Chowdhurani and Santidev Ghosh. She participated in dance-dramas directed by Rabindranath and toured all over India as a member of his cultural troupe.
Career.
Kanika Bandyopadhyay joined Sangeet Bhavana as a teacher and in due course became Head of the Department of Rabindrasangeet and later its Principal. She was made Professor Emeritus of Visva-Bharati.
Since 1943, Kanika had been a regular artiste of the Calcutta station of All India Radio and gave performances at the national level in the musical programmes arranged by other stations as honoured artiste. Her gramophone records came out even in the lifetime of the Poet (Tagore) and there are over 300 gramophone discs to her credit. She was also a singer of Bhajans, Nazrulgeeti (songs by Kazi Nazrul Islam) and Atulprasad's songs. However the first song recorded by her was neither a Tagore song nor a Nazrul Geeti but a Bengali Adhunik song composed by Niharbindu Sen.
Kanika was invited to sing by programme organizers not only in India but also in Europe and America and was acclaimed everywhere for her unique rendering of the subtle nuances of emotions expressed in Rabindranath' s lyrical compositions. She has written three books on this genre. Her life has been well documented on film by noted film directors. She was associated with the Elmhirst Institute of Community Studies during the last years of her life.
Visva-Bharati offered her its highest accolade, the Desikottama, in 1997.
Death.
Kanika died at the age of 76, on Wednesday April 5, 2000, at SSKM Hospital in Calcutta after a prolonged illness involving lung and cardiac problems. She left behind her a school of music, with numerous students, who bore the legacy of her very own stylization of Rabindrasangeet. Of her students, Rezwana Chowdhury Banya, the singer from Bangladesh, is perhaps the most well-known, for her striking similarity to Kanika's singing style. The Indian Prime Minister gave a condolence speech saying that Kanika "was among the best exponents of Rabindra Sangeet. Generations of music lovers were charmed by her golden voice"
Excerpt from obituary.
In his Obituary: "Nightingale of Rabindrasangeet is no more" published on April 5, 2000, Sankar Roy beautifully summarises his experience of Kanika Bandyopadhyay as a singer:
"My memory takes me back to a rainy evening in 1960. All India Radio was broadcasting a programme directly from Santiniketan Ashramik Sangha. Amidst heavy rain, a melodious voice reverberated around. It was Kanika Bandyopadhyay rendering Saghana Gahana Ratri Jharichhey Shrabanadhara (heavy downpour amidst the darkness of night). I still remember the melodious voice of Mohardi as she used to be known...For those for us whose youth had been conditioned by the aesthetic and cultural traditions set out by singers like Kanika Bandyopadhyay, Debabrata Biswas, Subinoy Ray, and Rajeshwari Dutta, it is difficult to write on Mohardi. Next time when I shall go to Shantiniketan, no more shall I have the opportunity to be amidst the melodious breeze that carried her voice as often she used to sing from her house there. Farewell, Mohardi, you remain as ever-lit star in the horizon of our aesthetic sense."
Musical style.
Kanika Bandyopadhyay was a contemporary of other notable exponents of Rabindrasangeet, namely Suchitra Mitra, Debabrata Biswas, Santidev Ghosh and Subinoy Roy. In particular, her musical style has often been compared and contrasted with that of Suchitra Mitra. While both singers excelled in songs of love and worship (puja and prem), Kanika's oeuvre was melodious yet melancholy, plaintive yet soul-stirring, whereas Suchitra was bold and strong in her renditions.
Personal life.
Kanika was married in 1945 to Birendra Chandra Bandypadhyay, former deputy librarian of Viswa Bharati University and a renowned poet. The couple had no children but later she adopted her younger sister's only son Priyom (tanaji, the name given by Mohor di). In her later life, Kanika receded herself to a reclusive lifestyle and led the simple life of an ashramite in Santiniketan.

</doc>
<doc id="2847115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847115" title="Playoff format">
Playoff format

There are several different Playoff formats used in various levels of competition in sports and games to determine an overall champion. Some of the most common are the "single elimination", the "best-of-" series, the "total points series", and the "round-robin tournament".
Single elimination.
A Single elimination ("knockout") playoff pits the participants in one-game matches, with the loser being dropped from the competition. Single elimination tournaments are much more common in individual sports like tennis. In most tennis tournaments, the players are seeded against each other, and the winner of each match continues to the next round, all the way to the final.
Of the big four American sports leagues, only the National Football League uses this system for its postseason. This works for the NFL because its regular seasons are much shorter (16 games) than those in the other sports (from 82 to 162 games), and the difference in quality between teams is believed to be more quickly discernible. The rigors of individual games, held only once per week, also preclude the possibility of longer playoff series. Six teams are seeded from each conference, with the top two getting a first-round "bye". The remaining teams pair off, with the higher-seeded team hosting. The winners of those games then play the higher-seeded teams that received byes in elimination playoffs, and then the winners of those matches face each in another in elimination playoffs to determine who will represent each conference in the Super Bowl. The winner of that game wins the championship.
In both the men's and women's NCAA college basketball tournaments, 64 teams are seeded into four brackets of 16 teams each. (From 2011, the men's tournament will feature a "First Four", with the four lowest-ranked conference champions and the four lowest-seeded at-large teams playing single games to enter the 64-team draw.) The #1 team plays the #16 team in each bracket, the #2 plays the #15, and so on. Theoretically, if a higher-ranked team always beats a lower-ranked team, the second game will be arranged #1 vs. #8, #2 vs. #7, etc.; the third will be arranged #1 vs. #4, #2 vs. #3; the fourth will be arranged #1 vs. #2. If for instance #9 beats #8 in the first game, the #9 will simply take the theoretical spot of #8 and play #1. Winners advance through each round, changing cities after every two rounds. The Final Four teams, one from each bracket, play each other in the last weekend, with the winner of the final two being awarded the championship.
National association football competitions usually don't have playoffs, but when employed, use single-elimination formats to determine finalists and winners. The Major League Soccer playoffs use such a format; since 2012, the first round in each conference and the championship final, known as the MLS Cup, are conducted as single games, while the conference semifinals and conference finals are two-legged matches determined on total goals scored. Liga MX in Mexico, which splits its season into two phases, uses playoffs known as the "Liguilla" to determine the champions of each phase. Unlike the MLS system, all "Liguilla" matches are two-legged ties. Australia's A-League introduced a six-team knockout playoff, known locally as a "finals series", in the 2012–13 season. Unlike the MLS playoffs or Liga MX "Liguilla", the A-League finals series uses one-off matches throughout, culminating in the A-League Grand Final. This format is a departure from norms in football codes in Australia; previously, the A-League used a hybrid elimination system that allowed top teams in the regular season to lose one finals match but still win the tournament. The FIFA World Cup tournament also uses knockout rounds after a group stage of 32 teams divided into 8 groups of 4 determines who advances to them.
Some knockout tournaments may also include a third place playoff, a single match to decide which competitor or team will be credited with finishing third and fourth place. The teams that compete in such third place games are usually the two losing semifinalists in a particular tournament. Although these semifinalists are still in effect "eliminated" from contending for the championship, they either may be competing for a bronze medal like some tournaments in the Olympic Games or basically just to salvage some pride in a consolation match, like in the FIFA World Cup or Rugby World Cup.
Example.
As it was used in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup knockout stage:
Stepladder.
The "stepladder", named so as the bracket resembles a step ladder is a variation of the single-elimination tournament; instead of, in a 16-team tournament, the #1 seed facing the #16 seed in the first round, the bracket is constructed as to give the higher seeded teams byes, where the #1 seed has bye up to the third round, playing the winner of game between the #8 seed the #9 vs. #16 winner. This setup is seldom used best-of-"x" series as this may yield long waiting times for the teams afforded the bye, while the teams that played in the earlier rounds would be spent when they reach the latter rounds.
The Big East Men's Basketball Tournament used this format in a 16-team, 5-round format. The PBA Tour uses the 4-player, 3-round format (sometimes a 5-player, 4 round format). The University Athletic Association of the Philippines Basketball Championship uses this format (4-teams, 3-rounds) only if there's an undefeated team, otherwise it uses a single-elimination format.
While the Nippon Professional Baseball's Climax Series has been called a "stepladder" playoff with only three participating teams (2 rounds), it functions mostly as a single-elimination tournament with 3 teams, and is structurally the same with a 6-team, 3-round playoff.
Example.
As it was used in the 2012 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament:
Double elimination.
A "double elimination" format is used in most NCAA and high school baseball and softball tournaments in the United States. Starting in 2010, the Little League World Series in baseball also adopted this format. Teams are eliminated from contention after incurring two losses in each round of play.
The format changes depending on the number of teams per bracket, but most major collegiate baseball conferences with the format send only the top eight teams, or a mix of top teams plus the winners of a single elimination qualifier tournament, to their conference tournament.
The NCAA baseball and softball tournaments have used the format since its inception for regional and College World Series play.
In the current NCAA tournament format for four teams, the #1 seed plays the #4 seed ("Game 1"), and the #2 seed plays the #3 seed ("Game 2") on the first day of regional tournaments, and the first and second days of the College World Series (where the second bracket games are known as "Game 3" and "Game 4", respectively).
On the second day or series (third and fourth days at the College World Series), the losers play in the morning to determine who is eliminated ("Game 3" in regional, "Games 5" and "Game 7" in College World Series play), and who advances to the third game of the day. The winners ("Game 4" in regional, "Game 6" and "Game 8" in College World Series) play to determine who advances to the final on the third day.
In NCAA regional games, the loser of this game plays the winner of the morning game that evening ("Game 5") to determine who plays in the final.
In College World Series play, because the bracket teams play on alternating days, these games ("Game 9" and "Game 10") are played on the fifth day.
In NCAA regional games, the third day will feature the regional championship ("Game 6"). If the winner of Game 4 defeats the winner of Game 5, the winner advances to the Super Regional. Until the 2005 tournament, if the winner of Game 5 defeats the winner of Game 4, the two teams would meet again in Game 7 thirty minutes later to determine which team advances to the Super Regional.
However, with a concern that some teams were playing four games in two days, the NCAA made a rule change in 2005 to equalise the disadvantage of the winner of Game 5 by stating should the winner of Game 5 win Game 6, Game 7 would be played on a fourth day.
In the College World Series, on the sixth day, the winner of Game 9 plays the winner of Game 7 ("Game 11"), and the winner of Game 10 plays the winner of Game 8 ("Game 12"). If the winner in Game 7 wins Game 11, and/or the winner of Game 8 wins Game 12, such winners advance to the best-of-three final. If the winner of Game 9 defeats the winner of Game 7, and/or the winner of Game 10 defeats the winner of Game 8 the two teams would play again on the seventh day in Games 13 and 14, respectively, if they are needed, to determine who advances to the final.
Starting with the 2010 edition, the Little League World Series adopted a new format that involves four double-elimination brackets. The U.S. and International divisions are split into two four-team pools, with each pool conducting a double-elimination tournament to determine its winner. After the end of double-elimination play, the U.S. pool winners play one another in single games, as do the International pool winners, with the losers playing a third-place game and the winners playing a championship game. In another new feature, all teams are guaranteed at least three games; the first team eliminated from each pool plays a "crossover game" that matches an eliminated U.S. team with an eliminated International team.
Example.
As it was used in the Mideast regional of the 1975 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament:
For an example of the Little League variation, see 2010 Little League World Series.
Hybrid elimination systems.
Some playoff systems combine the features of single- and double-elimination tournaments. In these systems, one or more higher-ranked teams have an opportunity to skip a round of the playoffs by winning their first match. Even if they lose that match, they can still advance to the championship final. Lower-ranked teams receive no such break.
These are variations of systems developed by Australian lawyer Ken McIntyre for the Victorian Football League (VFL), the historic predecessor to today's Australian Football League (AFL), starting in 1931.
Page–McIntyre system.
This system, also bearing the name of its promoter Percy Page, is a four-team playoff first developed for Australian rules football. It has been used in many competitions in that sport and in rugby league, but is most prominent in softball and curling (which use the name "Page playoff system"). The Indian Premier League in Twenty20 cricket uses this system as well.
In this system, the first round (sometimes called the "quarterfinals") matches #1 against #2 and #3 against #4. The winner of the 1–2 match advances directly to the final. The next round, known as the semifinal, pits the loser of the 1–2 match against the winner of the 3–4 match.
Example.
As used in the 2006 Tim Hortons Brier, Canada's national men's curling championship:
Top five system.
McIntyre's first modification was an expansion to five teams. In this format, the first round matches #2 v #3 and #4 v #5, with the #1 seed receiving a bye into the second round. The 4–5 match is played to eliminate one team, while the 2–3 match is played to determine which match they will play in the second round.
In the second round, the loser of the 2–3 match plays the winner of the 4–5 match, while the winner of the 2–3 match plays the #1 seed. From this point forward, the tournament is identical to the Page playoff system.
While no major league uses this system today, it has been used in the past by the VFL and several rugby league competitions, most notably the short-lived Super League of Australia and the present-day European Super League. Many lower-level leagues in both Australian rules and rugby league still use the system.
Example.
As used in the 2006 Bartercard Cup, the championship of New Zealand rugby league:
Top six system.
McIntyre next developed two slightly different systems for six-team playoffs. In each system, the #1 and #2 seeds played to determine the specific semifinal match in which they would compete, while the other four teams played knockout matches in the first week to eliminate two teams and determine the other two semifinal participants. The semifinal in which the winner of the 1–2 match competes directly determines one place in the championship final (often called a "Grand Final", especially in Australia). The other semifinal is an elimination match, with the winner advancing into a "Preliminary Final" to determine the other Grand Final place.
This system was further tweaked into the top-six system used today in the Championship and Championship 1 of British rugby league. A slightly modified version of this system was used in the A-League of Australian soccer starting in 2010 before a pure knockout format was adopted beginning in 2013.
In the modern top-six system, the first round consists of knockout matches involving #3 vs #6 and #4 vs #5, with the #1 and #2 teams receiving a bye into the next round. After those matches, the format is identical to the Page playoff system.
The A-League's former system had the top two teams participating in a two-legged match instead of the single-elimination matches that the other four teams faced. It did not affect the teams' eventual playoff paths.
Example.
As used in the 2010–11 A-League:
Top eight system.
McIntyre's final development expanded the concept to an eight-team playoff. This expansion meant that no team received a "second chance" after the first week of the playoffs.
McIntyre Final Eight.
The original McIntyre Final Eight system is notable in that it uses the regular-season league table to eliminate two teams in the first week of the playoffs. The procedure is:
The fates of the teams in this round depend on whether they won or lost their Qualifying Final, and on their regular-season position. The four winners and the two losers that finished highest on the regular-season table advance to later rounds, with the two other losers eliminated.
The two losing teams are eliminated, and the two winning teams progress to Week 3.
The two losing teams are eliminated, and the two winning teams progress to the Grand Final.
Due to perceived weaknesses of this system, the AFL adopted a modified top-eight playoff in 2000. The National Rugby League (NRL), Australia's top rugby league competition (also with a team in New Zealand), used this system from 1999 through 2011, after which it changed to the AFL system.
AFL system.
The current AFL finals system breaks up the eight participants into four groups of two teams, ranked by their league position after regular-season play. Each group receives an advantage over the teams directly below it on the league table. These advantages are the so-called "double-chance", where a loss in the first week will not eliminate a team from the finals, and home ground finals. Note, however, that "home" designations are often irrelevant if a finals match involves two teams from the same state. Almost all finals matches involving two teams from the state of Victoria, home to 10 of the 18 current AFL teams, are played at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) regardless of the nominal "home" team's regular venue. Geelong, the only Victorian team from outside the immediate Melbourne area (but still within the Melbourne region), had been prohibited from hosting a finals match at its regular home ground of Kardinia Park until 2013, when that venue hosted a finals game for the first time since 1897.
The finals format operates as follows:
The top four teams play the two Qualifying Finals. The winners get a bye through to Week 3 of the tournament to play home Preliminary Finals, while the losers play home Semi-Finals in Week 2. The bottom four teams play the two Elimination Finals, where the winners advance to Week 2 away games and the losers' seasons are over.
The specific advantages gained by finishing in higher positions on the league table are as follows:
First and second — These teams receive the double-chance, and play their first two finals matches at home—their Qualifying Final, and then either a Semi-final (should they lose the QF) or Preliminary Final (should they win the QF). They must win two finals matches to reach the Grand Final.
Third and fourth — Like the top two teams, they receive the double-chance, and must win two finals matches to reach the Grand Final. However, they only get to play one finals match at home—a Semi-final if they lose their QF, or Preliminary Final if they win the QF.
Fifth and sixth — These teams do not receive a double-chance. They must win three matches to reach the Grand Final—an Elimination Final, Semi-final, and Preliminary Final. They do get to host their EF.
Seventh and eighth — These teams receive neither a double-chance nor a home finals match, and must also win three finals matches to reach the Grand Final.
The NRL system, as of 2012, operates identically to that of the AFL, except that the team receiving home advantage in each match before the Grand Final is assured of playing at a ground of its choosing.
Super League system.
The current Super League playoff system was adopted in 2009, when the league expanded from 12 to 14 teams. Like the AFL system, the Super League system involves eight teams, and eliminates two teams in each week leading up to the Grand Final. However, it has a number of differences from the AFL system, most notably the feature known as "Club Call" (explained below).
As in the AFL, the participants are ranked by league position in the regular season. Unlike in the AFL, the team receiving home advantage in each match leading up to the Grand Final is guaranteed the right to host the match at a ground of its choosing, either its regular home stadium or (rarely) a larger nearby alternative.
The winners of these matches advance directly to Week 3, in which they will receive home advantage. The higher-seeded winner will receive Club Call immediately after Week 2. The losers have another chance in Week 2, when they will be at home to the winners of the Week 1 Elimination Play-Offs.
The winners of these matches advance to Week 2, with the losers being eliminated.
The winners of these matches advance to Week 3 and Club Call, with the losers being eliminated.
Club Call, a unique feature of the Super League system, takes place on the second weekend of the playoffs, shortly after the winners of the two PSFs are known. The highest-seeded winning club from Week 1 is required to choose which of the two PSF winners they will play in Week 3.
The winners advance to the Grand Final the following week.
Best-of formats.
The "best-of" formats refers to a head-to-head competition where the two competitors compete to first win the majority of the games allotted to win the "series". If a competitor wins a majority of the games, the remaining games may be discarded. This is a modification of the single elimination tournament to allow more matches to be held. Moreover, if it can be said that one competitor has a higher probability of winning a single game (and game results are i.i.d.), the likelihood that this competitor wins the series increases when more games are played. For example, if team A has a seventy percent chance of winning team B in a single game, its probability of winning a best-of-three series against B is 78.4 percent, and its probability of winning a best-of-seven series is about 87.4 percent.
Best-of-three playoff.
A best-of-three playoff is a head-to-head competition between two teams in which one team must win two games to win the series. Two is chosen as it would constitute a majority of the games played; if one team wins both of the first two games, the third game is not played.
Often, when a best-of-series tied with each team having won an even number of games, the bracket is said to be a "best-of-(number of games left)." This is because for all practical purposes the teams are starting over. If a best-of-7 series is deadlocked at 2-2, the bracket is then referred to as a "best-of-3", since the reality is that the first team to win 2 games advances.
In tennis, matches are usually decided with a best-of-3-sets format. Some major tournaments are played in the a best-of-5-sets format, most notably the Grand Slam men's singles and doubles. Also, the 35 and over Gentlemen's Invitation Doubles and the 35 and over Ladies' Invitation Doubles of the Wimbledon are both round-robin tournaments.
In North American competitions.
The first use of the best-of-three playoff was in Major League Baseball; the National League authorized such a playoff to be held if two teams ended the season in a tie for first place; the American League used a single game in this situation. Since both leagues have used only a one-game playoff for all playoff positions which are tied if only one team can advance to the playoffs. Since , a tie-breaker based on season performance can be used only to seed teams.
Both the NBA and NHL once used best-of-three playoffs (often referred to as "mini-series"), but today neither league does: Pro basketball first adopted the best-of-three playoff for first-round play starting with its inception as the Basketball Association of America in 1946 (changing its name to the NBA three years later) and retaining it through the 1959–60 season; the league resumed its use of the best-of-three first-round series in 1974–75, but abolished it again in 1983–84 when the number of teams qualifying for its postseason tournament was increased to 16 (ten teams had qualified during the first two years of the aforementioned period, this number being expanded to twelve in 1976–77; in both instances some of the highest-ranking teams did not participate in the best-of-three round, drawing byes and automatically advancing to the second round, which was best-of-seven, as were all subsequent rounds).
In ice hockey, the best-of-three format was one of two possible types of series that could be held to determine the winner of the Stanley Cup (the other being a two-legged playoff series), and it was used in lower rounds in the National Hockey League up until the Original Six era. The best-of-three series in the modern era was first used in the first-round of the Stanley Cup playoffs beginning with the 1974–75 season; at that time, the number of NHL playoff teams had been increased to twelve from the previous eight. The format which then took effect called for the first three finishers in each of the league's four divisions to enter the postseason, but the first-place teams drew byes and did not play any best-of-three series; the postseason then proceeded as the NBA's did, with the second and all later rounds being best-of-seven. This remained the case until the 1979–80 season, when the NHL expanded its playoff field to 16 after absorbing four teams from the defunct World Hockey Association in a semi-merger, whereupon the byes were abolished and all 16 qualifying teams participated in the first round, which was lengthened to best-of-five. In both the NBA and NHL, the team with the higher finish during the regular season played the first and (if necessary) the third games of the series at home, with the lower-ranked team hosting the second game.
The only top-level professional league in the United States that now uses a best-of-three format for its playoffs is the WNBA. Until 2009, the WNBA forced the team with the higher record to travel to the lower seed's home court for game 1, then played the final game(s) at home. Because of this perceived inequity, in 2010, the league switched to a more traditional 1-1-1 format, where the higher seed would play the first and (if needed) third games at home. Also, in 2005, the league switched the WNBA Finals to a best-of-five playoff format.
NCAA baseball has two best-of-three series in their 64-team playoff format. Starting in 1999, when the tournament expanded from 48 teams (eight regionals of six teams each) to 64 teams (sixteen regionals of four teams each), the NCAA introduced the "super regional", in which regional winners play a best-of-three series with the series winner advancing to the College World Series. If a regional winner is also a national seed, it is guaranteed to host the super regional; if no national seed makes a particular super regional, the NCAA puts hosting rights up for bidding between the competing schools. In 2003, the College World Series changed from a one-game final to a best-of-three series.
In competitions on other continents.
The Euroleague, the primary Europe-wide club competition in basketball, introduced a quarterfinal round for the 2004–05 season which originally employed a best-of-three format; starting with the 2008–09 season, the quarterfinal round became best-of-five. This is the only point in the Euroleague where a playoff series is used; all earlier rounds are conducted in a league format, and the quarterfinal winners advance to the Final Four, where all games are one-off knockout matches.
In the FIBA Oceania Championship, the best-of-three series is used if only both Australia and New Zealand play in the tournament. If a team wins the first two games, the last game may still be played. If other teams participate, a regular round-robin or multi-stage tournament is used. In 2009, a two-legged tie was used, but it was reverted to a best-of-3 series in 2011.
The best-of-3 playoff system was also used in the Brazilian Football League for the 1998 and 1999 seasons quarterfinals, semifinals and finals. However, since matches could end in a draw, this system had a few modifications. If no team could win two games, the team with most victories would qualify. If the two teams had one victory, the team with the best goal difference would qualify. If the goal difference was the same, the team with the best regular season campaign would qualify. An interesting fact is that during the 1998 season, all the rounds were decided in three games.
Twice to beat advantage.
In a modification of the best-of-3 format, the leagues in the Philippines awards a "twice to beat advantage" to the top seeds; in this case, the team with the twice to beat advantage needs to be beaten twice by its opponent, while it only has to win once, in a "de facto" 1–0 lead in a best-of-3 series. First applied in the semifinals of the scholastic UAAP Basketball Championship, it has been adopted by the other scholastic competitions. The professional Philippine Basketball Association has adopted the format in the early rounds of its playoffs.
An amendment to the rules in 2008 gave the undefeated team of the season in the UAAP (the team that won all elimination round games) a bye up to the finals possessing an automatic 1–0 lead in a best-of-5 series, or the "thrice to beat advantage". This has since been adopted by the NCAA in 2009.
Best-of-five playoff.
A best-of-five playoff is a competition between two teams head-to-head which must win three games to win the series. Three is chosen as it would constitute a majority of games played; if one team has won three games before all five games have been played, the games that remain are omitted.
At present, only one American men's professional sports body - Major League Baseball - makes use of the best-of-five playoff, doing so in its second round, known as the Division Series. At one time, however, the League Championship Series was best-of-five, from its birth with both leagues' realignment into two divisions in , and continuing until this round was lengthened to best-of-seven in . (This change would have immediate ramifications: In the American League, in each of the first two years where the LCS used the best-of-seven format, the Kansas City Royals in 1985 and the Boston Red Sox in 1986 fell behind 3-1 - which previously would have eliminated them - before coming back to win the series.) When the wild card was first used in (it was created for the season, but that year's entire postseason was canceled due to a players' strike), the best-of-five format was authorized for the new Division Series, in which eight teams participated.
During the time that the League Championship Series was best-of-five, a "2-3" format was used, with one team hosting the first two games, the other the last three (these respective roles alternating between the Eastern and Western Division champions regardless of which one finished with the better regular-season record). This procedure was repeated at first when the best-of-five Division Series was added in 1995 (except that two of each league's now three division winners hosted three games and the wild card could never do so), but starting in the home-field advantage was awarded to the two division winners in each league that had the best records; also in 1998, the "2-2-1" format was instituted, the team with the home-field advantage being given the first, second and fifth games at home instead of the third, fourth and fifth. For the 2012 postseason, the Division Series reverted to "2-3". With the addition of a second Wild Card team and subsequent play-in game, a decision not made until well after the season schedule had been created, this was done to minimize the disruption of the schedule by giving the Division Series one off day instead of two. With the Wild Card playoff now established and schedules adjusted accordingly, the "2-2-1" format will return for 2013 and beyond.
The National Basketball Association and National Hockey League both formerly used best-of-five series, the NBA in its second round prior to the season, and in the first round from through , and again from until lengthening it to best-of-seven starting in , and the NHL for its first-round series beginning with the season and lasting until that league increased its first round to best-of-seven in . Unlike in baseball, in both NBA and NHL best-of-five series the higher regular-season finisher always hosted the first, second, and (if necessary) fifth games.
As of 2005, the Women's National Basketball Association now uses a best-of-five format for its championship series. However, the previous two WNBA playoff rounds are best of three.
Historically, most European domestic basketball leagues have used a best-of-five format in their championship series. The main long-standing exceptions are the Israeli and French leagues, which have historically used one-off finals; the Adriatic League (former Yugoslavia), which has changed from a one-off final to a best-of-three final back to a one-off final in recent years; and the Lithuanian, Polish and Turkish leagues, which use a best-of-seven format. Italy has gone to a best-of-seven final effective with its 2008–09 season. The Euroleague quarterfinal round expanded to best-of-five from best-of-three starting in the 2008-09 season. France changed its final from a one-off match to a best-of-5 series in 2012–13.
Best-of-seven playoff.
A best-of-seven playoff, also known by the name seven-game series, puts two teams against each other for as many games (or sets) as needed for one team to win four games (or sets). It is by far the most common playoff format in the major North American sports. It is not necessary for the four games to be consecutively won. Since each game must be won by one team or the other there can be at most seven games in a series. Before the advent of lighting in ballparks ballgames often ended tied because it was too dark to play anymore; in the modern era, a much less common way of ending a ballgame is going past the curfews. Therefore the series can, in practice, last eight games, as in the 1912 World Series. This format is currently used in the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League for all their playoff series. Major League Baseball uses this format only for the League Championship Series and the World Series, using the "2-3-2" format, with two games at the home stadium of one team, the next three games (the fifth, if necessary) at the home stadium of the other team, and the final two games (if necessary) at the home stadium of the first. (The first round Wild Card Game is a single game; the second round Division Series use a five-game series format.)
The National Hockey League uses this format for its league championship Stanley Cup playoffs, but uses the "2-2-1-1-1" format, alternating the first two games at the home-ice team's home rink, the next two at the second team, and then alternating venues for the fifth, sixth and seventh games (if necessary).
The National Basketball Association utilizes this format, too, with "2-2-1-1-1" for all playoff rounds, and also the Finals; originally the championship round was "2-2-1-1-1" as well (except 1971, 1975, 1978-1979), but was changed to "2-3-2" from 1985-2013 to cut down on travel expenses, as the league's "East-West" divisional alignment means the two teams are usually separated by great distances - indeed, the cities represented in the Finals' most frequent matchup, Los Angeles and Boston, are almost 3,000 miles apart.
Both the "2-3-2" and "2-2-1-1-1" formats are situated such that if a team "sweeps" the series (wins 4-0), it will win two games at home, and two games away. They are also set up such that the team with home advantage for the series plays at home for the first game and the seventh game if necessary. As previously stated, the "2-3-2" format reduces travel between the two venues, but it then gives the team "without" home advantage three consecutive home games.
As noted earlier, the Chinese, Italian, Lithuanian, Polish and Turkish basketball leagues use a best-of-seven format in their championship series. The Turkish playoff has one unique feature. If one team in the championship series (or, for that matter, in "any" playoff series) defeated its final opponent in both of their regular-season games, the winning team is granted a 1-0 lead in the series, and the series starts with Game 2. The Philippine Basketball Association, aside from using the best-of-7 series in its finals series, has also used it on most its semifinals since 2005.
Best-of-nine playoff.
A best-of-nine playoff pits two teams head-to-head which must win five games to win the series. Five is chosen as it would constitute a majority of the games played. If one team has won five games before all nine games have been played, the games that remain are omitted.
In Major League Baseball, the World Series was conducted as a best-of-nine playoff in its first year of existence in 1903, then again for three years beginning in 1919, the year of the "Black Sox scandal."
The Western Hockey League used the best-of-nine playoff series for the Western Division playoffs from the 1983-84 season through the 1990-91 season because of the unequal division alignment of the league at this time. The Eastern division had eight teams: six of which qualified for the playoffs. The Western division only had six teams: four of which made the playoffs. Because of this, Eastern division had 3 rounds of playoffs (two teams receive a first round bye), while the Western division only had two rounds of playoffs. The east played a best-of-five, best-of-seven, best-of-seven format for the three rounds while both rounds in the Western division playoffs were best-of-nine. This was used so that both divisions would finish their playoffs at approximately the same time. The WHL Championship Series was a best-of-seven. These best-of-nine series went the full nine games on two occasions, with Portland defeating New Westminster in 1984 and Spokane in 1986.
The Quebec Major Junior Hockey League used the best-of-nine playoff series for the 1986 playoffs.
Higher number of games.
In snooker, a player must win a certain number of frames to win a match, often nine (best-of-17) or more. Again, if one player wins nine frames before all 17 are played, the rest are omitted. The world championship final is currently decided in a best-of-35 match.
In 9-ball, a player must win a certain number of racks to win a match. In the WPA World Nine-ball Championship, nine racks are needed to win in the early stages, ten to eleven in the latter stages, and 17 in the final. Same with snooker, if one player wins nine frames before all 17 are played, the rest are omitted.
Total points series (aggregate).
Various playoff formats, including two-legged ties and total points series pair off participants in a number of games (often two), with the winner being determined by aggregate score: the winner being the one who scores the most points/goals etc. over the series of games. Two-legged ties are common in association football, and were used in NHL playoff series until 1937.
In 2004, NASCAR adopted a total points playoff of a different stripe, creating a "Chase for the Cup" that allowed a golf-style cut of the high ten or 400 points of the leader, whichever is greater, to compete for the championship in the last ten races. Effective with the 2007 season, the Chase was expanded to include the top 12 drivers after 26 races. The points of the drivers in the cut are elevated far beyond those of the pack. From 2007 to 2010, each Chase driver received 5,000 points, with a 10-point bonus for each race won prior to the Chase. Starting in 2011, the points system and Chase qualification criteria were significantly changed. Now, the top 10 drivers after 26 races automatically qualify for the Chase, joined by the two drivers with the most race wins among those ranked between 11th and 20th in points after 26 races. Reflecting a major change to the points system, in which the race winner can now earn a maximum of 48 points as opposed to 195 in the former system, driver points are now reset to a base of 2,000. After the reset, automatic qualifiers will receive 3 bonus points for each race win, while the wild card qualifiers will not receive a bonus for wins. Regardless of the exact format, the driver in that group with the most points after the final ten races wins the Sprint Cup.
In November 2005, the PGA Tour announced that a similar total points playoff would be used to lead up to the PGA Championship, starting in 2007. The player with the most points at the end of the year would take home the FedEx Cup.
Prior to the 1986 Playoffs, the Canadian Hockey League (especially the Ontario Hockey League) used the point series, to determine, which team would advance. In those situation, where the higher seeded host in odd number of game (game #1, 3, 5, 7), while the other team host the even number (game #2, 4, 6, 8). There would be no overtime, except for the deciding game, because a tie in the last game, of the series would not declare a series winner, so should that happens, there would be a sudden-death overtime, with the winner getting 2 points, and the losing team get nothing.
The game shows "Jeopardy!" and "Wheel of Fortune" have both used two-game series in the final round of tournaments during their history. Each game is played separately (i.e., money from day one cannot be wagered on day two), and the money is added together to determine the winner. The only exception to this was in the "Jeopardy!" Ultimate Tournament of Champions, when the two semifinal matches were both two-game series, and the final was a three-game series.
Example.
As it was used in the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League knockout stage:
"Bayern Munich 4–4 Real Madrid on aggregate. Bayern Munich won on away goals (2–1)."
Round robin.
In a round-robin tournament, all playoff contenders play each other an equal number of times, usually once or twice (often called a "double round-robin"). This is a common format for football. In the FIFA World Cup, teams are organized into eight pools of four teams, playing each other once and ranked by points earned through wins (3 points) and draws (1 point). The top two teams advance out of each pool to the knockout phase where the top team from each pool face a second-placed team from a different pool.
Continental club football tournaments have included round robin formats, such as the Copa Libertadores from the 1966 season, UEFA Champions League from the 1992/93 season, UEFA Cup from 2004/05, and the Asian and African Champions Leagues. Teams are seeded such that strongest teams should not meet until the end. In the UEFA Champions League, 32 teams are divided into eight groups of four. The group winners and runners-up advance to a two-game, total goals round, the eight third-placed teams move into the UEFA Cup third round, and the eight fourth-placed teams are eliminated.
In basketball, the Olympics also uses a round robin of the same nature, going to single elimination after the first round. The Euroleague has two double round-robin phases. The first is a "Regular Season" in which the 24 teams are divided into four groups of six (as of the 2008-09 season). The four top teams in each group advance to a "Top 16" phase in which the teams are divided into four groups of four each. The top two teams from each Top 16 group are then paired in four best-of-five quarterfinal series, with the winners advancing to the single-elimination Final Four.
Round-robin tournaments are also used in rugby union, curling, and many amateur or lower-division basketball, football, and hockey tournaments.
In 1992, the Little League World Series in youth baseball went to a round-robin tournament in the first round instead of single-elimination. In 2001, the tournament expanded to 16 teams and stayed with a round-robin for the first round, but cross-bracketed single elimination for the second round before the two winners of those games advanced to the region final. Little League used this format through 2009.
In Major League Baseball, the term "round robin" was used with regard to the possibility of a 3-way tie for the National League pennant in 1964. The Philadelphia Phillies had had a 6½ game lead with 12 games left in their regular schedule, but then lost 10 games in a row, so that the season went into its last day with 3 teams still having a chance for the NL pennant. As it turns out, the St. Louis Cardinals defeated the New York Mets on that day to take the NL pennant with no playoff; the reverse of that outcome would have left the Cardinals, the Phillies, and the Cincinnati Reds in a 3-way tie.
Example.
As it was used in the "Super Six" round of the 1999 Cricket World Cup:
Teams in shaded in blue advance to the knockout stage.
Associated concepts.
As discussed above, leagues also offer innovations in order to give advantage to teams that performed better in the regular season, such as reseeding and home advantage.
Reseeding.
In tournaments where participants are seeded, in order to ensure that the strongest remaining team faces the weakest team, the participants are "reseeded" at each round; the tournament bracket is not fixed, where potential matchups can be readily determined up to the final. For example, in a regular 8-team bracket, the teams that will meet at the second round will be the winner of the #1 vs. #8 going up against the winner of #4 and #5, and the winner of #2 and #7 going up against the winner of #3 and #6. If the #5 and the #7 teams won in the first round, the second round matchups will be #1 vs. #7 and #3 vs. #5, instead of #1 vs. #5 and #3 vs. #7.
The only notable tournament that employs this rule is the NFL Playoffs. The Stanley Cup Playoffs had used that rule from 1994-2013. Note that reseeding does not come into play if there are only 2 rounds of competition.
Example.
As it was used in the 1994 Stanley Cup playoffs (scores in the bracket shown indicate the number of games won in each seven-game series):
Home advantage.
In team sports, the "hometown advantage" refers to the phenomenon when certain teams (usually the higher-seeded teams) are afforded more games that can be played at their home arena/stadium than their opponent's. This is predominant in the best-of series where there are more games played in a team's arena/stadium than the other, and in single-elimination tournaments where the single game is disputed in a team's stadium. In a best-of series, a team can "lose" their home advantage if the visiting team wins the first game. Home advantage can be regained or lost in the course of the series.
As discussed above, a team can clinch the "home advantage" in a variety of ways:
In best-of series, the order of arenas/stadiums in which the games are played at also affects the home advantage. In the NBA, all rounds are done in a 2-2-1-1-1 format, that is, the team with the home court advantage plays games 1-2, 5 and 7. This ensures that the team with the home court advantage never trails assuming every game is won by the home team. From 1985 to 2013 the NBA Finals had utilised the 2-3-2 format (the team with the home court advantage plays games 1-2 and 6-7 in their home court), which can theoretically allow the team with the home court advantage to trail in the series (although that will require the team with the home court advantage to lose the middle three games, which has only happened thrice.
In the MLB's World Series, the team that came from the league that won the All-Star Game is awarded with the home field advantage. In the Stanley Cup and NBA Finals, the teams with the higher regular season record receives the home advantage. The NFL's Super Bowl is held at a predetermined site regardless of which teams reach the game, which usually means there is no home advantage but it is still possible for the host city's team to play in the Super Bowl.
In two-legged ties such as the UEFA Champions League, although it is said that the two teams play an equal amount of games in their home stadium, the team playing the second game in their home stadium has a distinct advantage, such as the resolution of ties will be at their stadium.
In games done on neutral venues, a team may still be afforded the privileges of the "home team" such as selecting which side to play first or choosing the side of the coin in coin flips. In most instances, this privilege is determined either by a drawing of lots (UEFA Champions League) or by rotation among the groupings of the different teams (NFL).
In the Nippon Professional Baseball's postseason games (excluding Japan Series) since 2004, the team having a better position in regular position will be hosting all the games. In addition, since 2008, the League Champion will have a 1-win advantage in the 2nd stage of Climax Series (best-of-7 which actually played for 6 games).

</doc>
<doc id="2847118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847118" title="Afghani">
Afghani

Afghani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847131" title="Avio">
Avio

Avio S.p.A. is an Italian company operating in the aerospace sector with its head office in Rivalta di Torino, Turin, Italy. Founded in 1908, it is present in Italy and abroad with different commercial offices and 10 production sites. Avio operates in 5 main business areas in both the civil and military sectors:
Moreover, Avio is Prime Contractor for the new European launcher Vega.
The company is very active in the field of technological research. It carries out projects in collaboration with 14 among Italian universities and research centres and 10 foreign, aimed at the continuous improvement of product and process technologies. It also undertakes the research of solutions in order to reduce the environmental impact of aircraft engines, in conformity with the objectives of consumption and emissions reduction dictated, within the European area, by the ACARE body.
History.
The first years of 1900.
In 1908, aeronautical production started taking its first steps in Turin, Italy. At that time Fiat made the decision to design and produce an airplane engine, the SA 8/75, derived from racing cars. It was the beginning of a centennial story whose heritage is today linked directly to Avio. The first mass-produced engine produced by Fiat was the A10. 1,070 units were created between 1914 and 1915: at this point the pioneer age had come to an end and the company decided to design and construct complete aircraft. Thus in 1916 the Società Italiana Aviazione was founded, changing its name in 1918 to Fiat Aviazione.
In Turin, besides aircraft engines, and always along the lines of the internal-combustion engine, Fiat diversified production with the construction in 1909 of Fiat San Giorgio for marine diesel engines, the area from which activities in the field of industrial engines for electric power generation later ensued. In Colleferro (Rome), the Bombrini Parodi-Delfino-BPD Company, established in Genoa in 1912, started manufacturing explosives and chemical products, from which the space segment originated.
In the aeronautical field, roots grew in Brindisi with the SACA Company. Gradually, many other realities began such as the CMASA di Marina Company in Pisa, founded in 1921 by German design engineer Claude Dornier, in collaboration with Rinaldo Piaggio and Attilio Odero. Finally, interactions and exchanges, accumulation of skills and experience, and multi-faceted stimuli have come from the many varied forms of international collaboration that have taken place with major companies like General Electric, Rolls-Royce, Pratt & Whitney and Eurocopter, just to mention a few of the most important names with whom current partnerships go back over half a century.
From large engines to turbines.
In Avio’s history worthy of mention is their presence in the development and manufacture of engines for the production of electric energy, coming from the experience gained in the sector of large engines for ships.
Fiat started the study of marine engines in 1903. Beginning from 1926, with the inspiration of the engineer Giovanni Chiesa, the manufacture started up of engines with cylinders of 750mm diameter, the maximum permitted by technologies of the time, which increased engine power up to 4,500HP. In 1971, production began on large diesel engines in Trieste, in a new factory established through a collaboration agreement with the state company IRI (Institute for Industrial Reconstruction).
Starting from the 1930s, a strategy of diversification, which derived from engines produced for ships and submarines, led to the entry into the field of railway diesel engines, while the first engines for the production of electric energy for industrial use had already been experimented in the early post-war period. However, in this segment, the most important innovation came with new technological approaches; the development of a gas turbine was started up through a collaboration agreement stipulated with Westinghouse in 1954. The experience progressively acquired in this field, combined with the more extensive availability of methane gas, enabled the development and manufacture of several electric power generation plants in Italy and abroad.
The success of this new technology brought about the decision to leave the segment of large diesel engines in order to concentrate on gas turbines. In 1973, Fiat thus set up the company Turbomeccanica Turbogas (TTG), in which all efforts were concentrated on the Turin Company’s activities in the energy sector. In 1986, Fiat Aviazione incorporated TTG, and developed the activities until 2001, when it was made over to Siemens, shifting the marine and industrial activities to Avio’s development of aeroderivative turbines.
From explosives to propellants.
The entrepreneurial initiative of the engineer Leopoldo Parodi – Delfino, supported by Senator Giovanni Bombrini, and the resolution of the State to provide the country with an independent production capacity in the chemical field, led to the establishment of the BPD industrial plants just 50 km from Rome, along the railway line for Cassino.
Situated in a poor region of Roman countryside, the town of Colleferro was born around the industrial site; elevated to a municipal district in 1935 by Royal Decree. The town grew hand in hand with the production activities of BPD that, from explosives, progressively extended to several chemical products derived for agricultural and industrial uses. The production plants developed and expanded attracting labour, and the Company provided for a vast complex of social works.
In 1927, thanks to the management’s close attention to research and production diversification, the BPD Test Centre started to experiment on the first rockets powered by chemical powder. After the Second World War, on the initiative of Francesco Serra di Cassano, son-in-law and successor to BPD’s founder, mechanical production, already started up in the 1930s for munitions activities, was developed and expanded. Moreover, the Test Centre intensified experimentation on propellants, beginning with the launching of multi-stage sounding rockets for research in the upper atmosphere, produced at the Salto di Quirra military firing range in Sardinia, in the early 1960s.
In 1966, BPD benefited from its success in the new propellants by entering into a contract with ELDO (forerunner of the European Space Agency – ESA) for the development and production of the apogee boost motor of the ELDO-PAS telecommunications satellite. This first experience, which was completely positive, then translated into a rapid development of the activities in the field of solid-propellant motors.
In 1968, the SNIA Viscosa Company took over BPD, which became SNIA-BPD. In 1975, under this company configuration, ESA initially gave the BPD branch of SNIA the task of developing and producing the separation motors of the European Ariane satellite launcher, and later on in 1984, the contract for the manufacture of the Ariane 5 boosters. The Ariane take-off motors have been completed now for over twenty years at the launch site in French Guyana, under the subsidiary companies Europropulsion and Regulus, set up in 1988.
In 1990, SNIA sold the BPD branch to the Gilardini Company, which in turn, was bought by Fiat Aviazione in 1994. In the meanwhile from 1989 Fiat Aviazione became FiatAvio S.p.A.
Aviation activities.
took on the role of Italian prime contractor for the NATO F104 G aircraft 
With the name change of the Fiat Aviazione to Fiat Avio in 1989, the Turin Company collaborated on the design and manufacture of propulsion systems for the Tornado and Harrier Jump Jet (vertical/short take-off and landing) in the military sector, and Boeing and Airbus in the commercial one, just to mention the most important cases in both military and commercial fields.
In 1997, the acquisition of the controlling stake in Alfa Romeo Avio from Finmeccanica was key to a national strategic project aimed at reducing the excessive fragmentation of the Italian companies and at increasing competitiveness through more systematic synergies.
From 2000 to today.
Avio was thus able to set out on the road of increasing internationalisation, taking its place among the leading players worldwide in the field of design, development and manufacture of components and modules for aerospace propulsion. After the setting up of AvioPolska in 2001, the creation of DutchAero followed in 2005, with the acquisition of Phillips Aerospace. .
In 2003, the Fiat Group, grappling with the crisis in the automobile sector, sold Fiat Avio S.p.A. to a consortium formed by American private equity fund, the Carlyle Group (70%), and Finmeccanica S.p.A. (30%), who won against competition from French company Snecma. At the time, Fiat Avio was valued at €1.5 billion, and changed its corporate name to Avio S.p.A.
In August 2006, English private equity fund Cinven announced that it had acquired Avio S.p.A. from Carlyle for an enterprise value of €2.57 billion.
Avio is today owned by Cinven (81%) and Finmeccanica (14%), who is selling most of the firm to GE Aviation.
Production and activities.
The company has different commercial offices and 10 industrial production sites around the world, with about 5,200 employees of which 4,500 work in Italy. The sectors of activities are:
In 2009, Avio’s turnover was €1,702 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2847138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847138" title="Hi-5 (Greek band)">
Hi-5 (Greek band)

Hi-5 was a Greek - Cypriot pop girl band consisting of female vocalists Marlen Angelidou, Irini Psichrami, Frosso Papacharalambous, Shaya and Nancy Stergiopoulou, who were the winners of the Greek version of the popular talent show "Popstars". The band had a large fanbase in Greece and Cyprus. They disbanded in 2005. 
History.
Hi-5 had been created in 2003 and consisted of Marlen Angelidou, Irini Psichrami, Frosso Papacharalambous, Shaya and Nancy Stergiopoulou, who were the winners of the Greek version of the popular talent show "Popstars". The band released more than five chart-topping singles over the course of one year.
In 2003, their debut single "Ksero ti Zitaw" reached number one in Greece, on the strength of high sales. The single went Gold and enjoyed heavy radio and television airplay. Hi5 were able to sustain their commercial success by releasing the song "To Tixero Asteri" which also reached the top of the airplay charts, furthering the band's mainstream exposure. The success of those singles was accompanied by the release of Hi-5's debut self-titled studio album, which also reached number one in Greece, eventually reaching Platinum status for shipments of over 40,000 copies. The longevity of the album in the charts was supported by the commercial success of its third single, "Allo Agapi Ke Allo Sex". That single was able to replicate the success of the two previous singles, enjoying massive airplay thanks to the controversial and suggestive nature of its lyrics and the catchiness of its melody. By the end of the year, Hi5 received various awards from MAD channel and other shows because of their phenomenal success. In the Christmas season of 2003, the band also released a Christmas album, which was certified Gold partially thanks to the success of its single "Agnosto Paidi Tou Kosmou".
In 2004, the band released their third studio album, which enjoyed great initial success. The lead single "Genithika Ksana" peaked at number one in the Greek singles chart, while also receiving heavy airplay. The album followed suit, debuting at number one, while going Gold. However, the success of this album was short-lived. Specifically, the band faced a backlash after a live performance during which they were booed. During the same live performance a part of the audience threw yogurt at Hi-5. This event was widely reported by the Greek media. The deteriorating popularity of the band following this event led to numerous fights between the band members, which led to their decisive breakup by the end of 2004.
Furthermore, their song "Lathos I Sosto" was chosen to be played in the Billboard radio during the summer of 2003. Their third and last studio album, entitled "Makria Apo Afti ti Gi", was released in June 2004. Hi-5 disbanded in February 2005, after a fight and the closing down of their record company, the Greek repertoire division of Warner Music Greece. All of the band's members, except Papacharalambous, who had returned to her homeland of Cyprus in order to finish her studies, pursued solo careers. Angelidou got the main role of the musical "Saturday Night Fever", Psichrami worked in bars performing rock songs, Shaya worked in a nightclub and Stergiopoulou also worked in a nightclub alongside Greek singer Thanos Petrelis. There are unconfirmed rumors that Angelidou, Psichrami and Stergiopoulou are working on their debut solo studio albums. Following the band's disband, Shaya had been featured in songs by multiple recording artists and has released her debut single as a solo singer in 2010.
Discography.
Studio albums
CD singles

</doc>
<doc id="2847142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847142" title="Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal">
Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal

Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal ( ; Queluz, 4 July 1801 – Benfica, then Belém, 22 April 1876 was a Portuguese "infanta" (princess) daughter of King John VI of Portugal and his wife Carlota Joaquina of Spain.
Life.
Her full name was Isabel Mary of Conception Joan Gualberta Anne Francis of Assisi of Paula of Alcântara Antonia Raphaela Michaela Gabrielle Joachina Gonzaga of Braganza and Borbón ("Isabel Maria da Conceição Joana Gualberta Ana Francisca de Assis de Paula de Alcântara Antónia Rafaela Micaela Gabriela Joaquina Gonzaga de Bragança e Bourbon"). She was a titular of the Great-Cross of the Order of Our Lady of Conception; Dame of the orders of Saint Isabel and of the Noble Dames of Mary Louise and awarded with the Starry Cross of Austria.
Because Prince Pedro, who was heir to the throne, had just proclaimed the independence of Brazil, Prince Miguel was in Vienna, Queen Carlota Joaquina of Borbón was exiled in Queluz and Isabel's older sisters (Maria Teresa and Maria Francisca of Assisi) had married to Spanish "infantes" (princes), Isabel Maria was chosen to be Regent of the Kingdom until the recently crowned Emperor of Brazil (Pedro I of Brazil and future Pedro IV of Portugal) returned. Pedro IV, however, immediately abdicated in favour of his daughter Maria da Glória (who became Maria II of Portugal), who was in London, with the condition that she should marry her uncle Miguel. Isabella Maria continued as regent until 1828, when a civil war started between absolutists, supporting Miguel, and liberals, supporting Maria II (called the Liberal War) that would end with a liberal victory and defeat and consequent exile of Miguel.
Isabel Maria retired from politics and turned her life to religion. She died unmarried in Benfica (at the time not a neighbourhood of Lisbon but a near town in Belém municipality) on April 22, 1876. She is buried in the Royal Pantheon of the House of Braganza.

</doc>
<doc id="2847143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847143" title="Midwest Central Railroad">
Midwest Central Railroad

The Midwest Central Railroad is a narrow gauge heritage railroad operating on the grounds of the Midwest Old Thresher's Reunion in Mount Pleasant, Iowa.
The railroad is a non-profit organization operated by volunteers mainly from the Midwest. The track is a clockwise loop approximately 1 mile in length. It features 2 stations, one being an original station and the other being a new wood structured metal sided building.
Locomotives.
The Midwest Central has six steam locomotives: two are currently running, one is in need of a new boiler and is going through a complete restoration, one is awaiting an in-depth boiler inspection, one is in Colorado as part of a long term lease agreement, and the other rolls around the yard rusting and needing extensive work. Some of the steam locomotives have been featured in several films.
There are also two Plymouth diesel locomotives that came from Ohio. These were originally 38 inch gauge and were regauged to narrow gauge after arrival in Mt. Pleasant. The 14 is used on a regular basis while the D-9 is undergoing restoration. They have a gasoline powered Vulcan switcher. There is also a Model A and Model T fireman and foreman trucks.
Railroad cars.
The railroad built their passengers cars from flat car frames that they made into passenger cars. They also have 3 cabooses one is a metal construction from the White Pass and Yukon, another is of a wood construction from the Bellevue and Cascade in Iowa and the third was homebuilt by scaling up a model caboose to full size.

</doc>
<doc id="2847149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847149" title="Piatã, Bahia">
Piatã, Bahia

Piatã is a municipality in the state of Bahia in Brazil. The population in 2003 is 19,320 and the area is 1,513.8 km² The elevation is 1,268 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2847150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847150" title="1991 Recopa Sudamericana">
1991 Recopa Sudamericana

The 1991 Recopa Sudamericana was the 3rd Recopa Sudamericana, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's Copa Libertadores and Supercopa Sudamericana competitions. However, this edition never needed to be disputed as Olimpia of Paraguay managed to win both the 1990 Copa Libertadores and 1990 Supercopa Sudamericana. Olimpia were declared automatic winners of the Recopa Sudamericana after their triumph in the Supercopa Sudamericana. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847151" title="Manship">
Manship

Manship can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2847156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847156" title="WLS-FM">
WLS-FM

WLS-FM 94.7 FM is a Chicago classic hits radio station playing music from the 1960s through the 1980s with a classic rock lean. The station was founded by ABC, and was sold (along with the rest of ABC's non-Radio Disney and ESPN Radio stations) by Disney to Citadel Broadcasting in 2007; it is now owned by Cumulus Media, following its 2011 merger with Citadel. WLS-FM broadcasts from studios (shared with former television partner WLS-TV) located on North State Street in the Chicago Loop, and its transmitter is located atop the Willis Tower.
Until October 1, 2012, WLS-FM was a classic hits leaning oldies station featuring music of the late '60s and '70s with some pre-1964 oldies and some '80s hits mixed in moderation. The station actually switched to oldies on September 26, 2005, first carrying only syndicated "The True Oldies Channel" programming, but later adding local personalities including Rock and Roll Hall of Fame disc jockeys John Landecker, and Dick Biondi, along with Greg Brown, Danny Lake, Brant Miller, and Fred Winston. The station's official call sign changed to WLS-FM again on June 26, 2008.
History.
The station was launched in 1948 as WENR-FM, owned by the American Broadcasting Company and simulcasting sister station WENR (AM), which shared the 890 kHz frequency with then "Prairie Farmer"-owned WLS; both stations carried ABC Radio Network programs. In 1954 (a year after ABC's merger with United Paramount Theatres) WENR and WLS merged their AM stations into one, jointly owned by American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres and "Prairie Farmer" and retaining the WLS call letters. WENR-FM then began simulcasting WLS, and later adopted its own separate programming formats (which included classical and Broadway theatre show tunes) for part of the day. The station was operated out of a broom closet with minimal personnel in hopes that FM broadcasting would grow.
In 1964, WENR-FM became WLS-FM, with a beautiful music format broadcasting in stereo from Noon to Midnight, as well as Blackhawks home games. By 1968, WLS-FM expanded its hours on the air to 6 a.m. to Midnight, simulcasting sister AM WLS's Clark Weber morning show from 6 to 8 a.m. and carrying "Don McNeill's Breakfast Club" from 8 to 9 a.m.
In the summer of 1968, WLS-FM experimented with a locally-produced underground progressive rock show. Dubbed "Spoke", the program aired from 10 PM to 12 midnight. It was replaced in 1969 with a syndicated program from the ABC Radio Network entitled "Love" which aired from 7 p.m. to 1 a.m. Shortly afterwards, WLS-FM adopted a full-time progressive rock format.
The frequency adopted an AOR format as WLS-FM became WDAI in 1971 in order to establish a separate identity from WLS (AM) and WLS-TV (channel 7). The joke at the time was that "DAI" stood for "Develop An Identity". The WDAI call letters had originally been intended for Detroit's WXYZ-FM (ABC had requested WXIF for Chicago), but the FCC instead assigned WDAI to replace WLS-FM and WRIF to WXYZ-FM. Both call letter changes were part of ABC's 1971 AOR format conversions in New York, Chicago, Detroit, and Los Angeles.
WDAI became the original Chicago radio home of Steve Dahl in January 1978, and used the tagline "Chicago's Best Rock" with the "Morning Sickness with Steve Dahl".
WDAI switched to all-disco as Disco "DAI" in December 1978 and stayed with the disco craze until mid-1980, when it flipped to WRCK-FM 95 W-ROCK, featuring Bob Sirott in mornings for a brief time. The 1978 flip to disco was the first in a series of ill-fated format changes that continued up to its most recent switch to oldies in September 2005.
In late 1980, WRCK-FM initiated a simulcast of 890 WLS (AM), and flipped its call letters back to WLS-FM in December 1980. WLS-FM simulcasted 890's Top 40/rock format morning drive (Larry Lujack) and evening programming (Brant Miller) into the mid-1980s. WLS-FM was then programmed separately during the day and simulcasted 890 at night.
In 1986, WLS-FM broke away from AM and became known as WYTZ "Z-95". Initially, the station aired a rock-leaning Top 40 format, but by the late 1980s, the station was more mainstream, as competitor B96 increasingly focused on R&B and dance music. WYTZ, also known later as "Hell" (an aborted and controversial one-week stunt) and Hot 94.7, could not withstand the competition from "B96".
After a couple years of very low ratings, WYTZ again became WLS-FM at 7 PM on October 25, 1991. After playing "Everybody's Talking" by Harry Nilsson, the station flipped to talk, simulcasting 890 WLS much of the time. WLS-FM employed its own talk show hosts during the hours when WLS aired national programming. As a result, WLS-FM did not air Rush Limbaugh during the midday slot, instead airing secondary, FM-based talk shows. By 1994, WLS-FM had its own stable of hosts such as Robert Murphy ("Murphy in the Morning"), Lise Dominique, Johnny Von, Turi Ryder and Rich Roeper, as a way to compete against WLUP-FM's hot talk format. This failed to turn around ratings, and went back to a full time simulcast with 890 AM in 1995. After still achieving low ratings, WLS-FM separated from WLS again in November 1995. After stunting with Christmas music throughout November and December, the station took a country music format and became "94.7-Kicks Country" WKXK just after Christmas. Unfortunately, Infinity (now CBS Radio) station WUSN continued to do well as the heritage country station, while WKXK was unable to even achieve mediocre ratings.
Early in May 1997, WKXK dropped the country format and flipped to "CD94.7" WXCD and a broad-based classic rock format (similar to today's 97.1 The Drive). After some early ratings success at WXCD, former heritage classic rocker WLUP, which had earlier switched to a modern adult contemporary format, returned to the classic rock format as a direct competitor of WXCD, causing mediocre ratings at WXCD until 2000.
On November 29, 2000, at 6 PM, WXCD abruptly dropped classic rock for an 80's hits format and "The Zone" moniker, and assumed the new call sign WZZN. As "The Zone," the station broadcast 80s music that leaned towards rock and uptempo pop. By 2001, the station had evolved into a gold-based modern AC format. In September 2001, the Zone morphed again to alternative rock to take on WKQX, which previously had the genre to itself.
By 2003, "The Zone" again evolved into more of an active rock format, all the while using "94.7 The Zone" as its handle, and positioning itself on the air as "the hardest rock on the planet". However, the station continued to flounder in the ratings. By 2004, the station began beating WKQX with the shift to active rock, but yet beaten again by WKQX during the Spring/Summer 2005, when WDRV moved from classic hits to classic rock and WLUP-FM from classic rock to mainstream rock.
After long-time oldies station WJMK dropped its 60's/70's oldies format in June 2005 for a variety hits format called "Jack FM", WZZN dropped its active rock format (and finally ditched "The Zone" handle) at Noon on September 26, 2005 (after playing "For Whom the Bell Tolls" by Metallica) for an oldies format (The True Oldies Channel) playing the hits of 1964 to 1969 with some 1955-1964 hits and some early 70s hits mixed in. This change made WZZN the only oldies station on the FM dial in Chicago. Among the air talent let go in this transition, Freak, Sludge, James Van Osdol, Mark Zander, and Jimmy Novak. The format then was strictly off of ABC's satellite "The True Oldies Channel", hosted by Scott Shannon. In 2006, the station added some local air personalities who were previously at WJMK when it was an oldies station. Ratings have been good for this format. Eventually, the station was live and local except for Overnights when they would continue to run True Oldies Channel.
In 2007, Walt Disney Company sold its ABC Radio radio division, including WLS (AM) and WZZN, to Citadel Broadcasting. From 2007 to 2008, the oldies format was modified to include a small amount of 1980's hits and a focus on oldies from 1964 to 1979. The station continued to play a couple pre-1964 oldies per hour. On June 19, 2008, Citadel announced that WZZN would become once again WLS-FM. The WZZN call letters were dropped at Midnight on June 25, 2008, and as of 12:01am on June 26, 2008, the station has officially been known as WLS-FM. The idea was to bring back the heritage of WLS and its old Top 40 format and jingles. The station is now positioned as "94.7 WLS-FM" with the slogan "Chicago's Greatest Hits Of All Time." Citadel merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011.
On October 1, 2012, WLS-FM modified their oldies format to a Classic Hits format leaning on Classic Rock. The pre-1964 oldies were dropped entirely, while Motown and 1970s pop and disco hits were cut back, and more 1980s songs were also added. The focus on the station is now hits of the 1970s and early 1980s with only several 1960s songs per hour. Morning DJ Dave Fogel was released to make room for Brant Miller's return to the station (Fogel was hired at WJMK just two days after being let go from WLS). Fred Winston was also hired as a full time DJ in afternoons.

</doc>
<doc id="2847161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847161" title="Professional writing">
Professional writing

Professional writing involves the use of clear language to convey information in a way that is easily understood by the intended audience. Individuals who can use language well may be employed as full-time professional writers in a variety of communications-related occupations, such as journalist, web content manager, marketer, advertising copywriter or public relations account executive. In addition, professional writing skills are essential to success in many other fields as well, from attorneys and physicians to business managers and social workers.
Professional writing is/as rhetorical.
Professional writing is connected to the concept of rhetoric. Rhetoric focuses on informing or persuading an audience, and a successful professional writer is able to create interest in their audience. Moreover, this is combined with the aspects of the professional world which is typically done within a professional atmosphere, be it a workplace or as freelance work, created by someone who has knowledge and skills at writing and comprehends the wide range of requirements needed to successfully create the pieces being composed.
One of the main principles of rhetoric, when applied to the work of professional writers, is the art of effective communication and creating authoritative arguments.
Professional writing by industry.
Some examples of when professional writing is used in different industries:
- Case Studies
- Journal Articles
- Inventory Reporting
- Recording contracts<br>
- Project proposals<br>
- Reviews<br>
- Website Authoring
- Magazine and book editing
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2847162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847162" title="Eugene A. Stead">
Eugene A. Stead

Dr. Eugene Anson Stead Jr. (b. October 6, 1908, Atlanta, Georgia - d. June 12, 2005) is best known as a medical educator, researcher, and the founder of the Physician Assistant or P.A. profession. He served on the faculty at Harvard, Emory (where he received a Bachelor of Science and MD degree), and Duke universities. His research in the 1940s paved the way for cardiac catheterization in medicine today.
National PA day is celebrated in many places on October 6th to commemorate the day the first class of PAs graduated from Duke University in 1967 (it also happens to be Dr. Stead's birthday). 
Postgraduate work.
In 1967, he graduated the first class of Physician Assistant students from Duke University's PA program. He interned at the Internal Medicine and Surgery at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts and also at Cincinnati General Hospital and Boston City Hospital. His educational philosophy placed emphasis on knowing how to look up information for "just in time" delivery rather than memorizing volumes of information only to forget it before needed. The niche that he envisioned for PAs was that most health care encounters do not require extensive training and that superior medical care can be delivered by relieving the burden of mundane medical encounters by training PA professionals to know when to seek additional input. He wanted all PAs to be required to have mentoring relationships with Physicians to ensure access to a larger body of medical knowledge.
Beliefs.
Dr. Stead had high hopes for distance education in medical education. He believed and talked regularly about the "politics of medical education" and believed that distance education could replace the first two years of medical school. After studying at home and passing national boards, he believed that medicine could be taught in the clinics and offices of private practices. While he worked and helped build the medical education institutions, he had some disdain for the way they practiced and acted as gatekeepers to the medical profession.

</doc>
<doc id="2847170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847170" title="List of fermented soy products">
List of fermented soy products

This is a list of fermented soy products. A diverse variety of soy food products made from fermented soybeans exist.

</doc>
<doc id="2847171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847171" title="CERNET">
CERNET

The China Education and Research Network (CERNET; ) is the first nationwide education and research computer network in China. The CERNET project is funded by the Chinese government and directly managed by the Chinese Ministry of Education. It is constructed and operated by Tsinghua and other leading Chinese universities. 
Structure.
CERNET has a four-layer hierarchy (the nation-wide backbone, regional networks, provincial networks and campus networks). CERNET National Center is located in Tsinghua University, which is responsible for operation and management of CERNET backbone nationwide. The ten regional network centers and main nodes are distributed in Tsinghua University, Beijing University, Beijing University of Post and Telecommunication, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Central China University of Science and Technology, South China Institute of Technology, China University of Electronic Science, Southeast University and Northeast University, which are responsible for operation, management, planning and construction of CERNET regional backbones. 
CERNET provincial nodes are distributed among 38 universities in 36 cities around the country.
Data and statistics.
By the end of 2000, bandwidth of CERNET backbone has been up to 2.5 Gbit/s. CERNET has 12 global and regional channels connected with the United States, Canada, the UK, Germany, Japan and Hong Kong, the international gateway bandwidth over 250 Mbit/s. The transmission rate of the regional networks has reached 155 Mbit/s. More than 2,000 education and research institutions, 1.2 million PCs and 20 million end users have connected to CERNET.
Developments.
CERNET has been powered to allow access by most higher education institutions nationwide with backbone upgrades and expansions having been accomplished in eight regions. The large-scale China Education Information System has been built up. Mirroring systems for discipline-specific information of famous overseas universities, and a full-text search system for higher education and key subject information will soon be set up.
CERNET is an important platform for China's remote learning initiative. To accommodate demands of distance learning program as defined in Education Revitalizing Initiative Oriented to 21st century, CERNET high-speed backbone was started in 1999. By leveraging the existing fiber infrastructure and resources from state and local treasury, CERNET has completed 40% of the 20,000KM high-speed transmission link crossing 29 provincial capitals, and cut over the 2.5G high-speed trunks from Beijing via Wuhan to Guangzhou, and from Wuhan via Nanjing to Shanghai. Nowadays, the medium-to-high-speed regional network (155M) connecting 21 cities is just under construction. Some 40 to 50 universities and colleges have accessed to CERNET backbone at speed of 10M to 100M.
As a pioneer in Internet study in China, l operation of CERNET and advancing CERNET management. CERNET, a computer network independently designed, constructed and managed by technical personnel at home, is technologically powerful. In network construction, CERNET attaches highest importance to network security. In 1999, CERNET set up China's first network contingency response center called CCERT. Up to date, CCERT has handled more than 2000 network security cases, efficiently ensuring normal operation of CERNET and advancing CERNET management.
Experimentation and research.
CERNET is also the experiment platform for China to proceed with study on next generation of Internet applications, and has played a major role in the China Next Generation Internet effort. Relying on current network facilities and technical competence, CERNET has set up the IPv6, an experiment platform with nationwide coverage. In 1998, CERNET joined 6bone, an experimental IP-based network of next generation, and became a backbone member of it in November. CERNET is the first in China that interconnects with Internet2, the next generation of Internet, providing its users with an easy access to Internet2.
CERNET is an important cultivation base for information and network professionals in China. For example, in the study program for computer information network and its application in the "State Key Sci-tech Breakthrough Project during Ninth Five-Year Plan Period", researchers from CERNET and other partner organizations published more than one hundred academic papers both at home and abroad, representing a significant achievement in IT competence fostering.
Furthermore, CERNET supports and guarantees implementation of a batch of important Internet application projects in China. For example, the on-line enrollment and admission system played a crucial role in the 2000 admission season around the country. Moreover, CERNET enhances the information infrastructure in China, shortens the gap between China and the west in information industry, and plays a pioneer role in China's information initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="2847175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847175" title="USS Stringham (TB-19)">
USS Stringham (TB-19)

USS "Stringham" (Torpedo Boat No. 19/TB-19) was a steel torpedo boat in the United States Navy. "Stringham" was named for Silas H. Stringham, who served in the United States Navy from the War of 1812 through the American Civil War.
"Stringham" was launched on 10 June 1899 by Harlan & Hollingsworth, Wilmington, DE; sponsored by Miss Edwina Stringham Creighton; and was placed in reduced commission on 7 November 1905, Lt. Albert H. McCarthy commanding.
Assigned to the Reserve Torpedo Flotilla at Annapolis, MD, upon completion, "Stringham" was placed in full commission on 30 October 1906 and assigned to the 3d Torpedo Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet. "Stringham" operated on the eastern seaboard between Key West, FL and Cape Cod, MA, into 1907. Detached on 11 October 1907 from the Atlantic Fleet, "Stringham" was placed in reserve, in reduced commission, on 31 January 1908 at the Norfolk Navy Yard.
Placed in full commission again on 1 July 1908, "Stringham" rejoined the 3d Torpedo Flotilla. She operated primarily out of Newport, RI, through October; then proceeded to Charleston, SC, where she was placed in reserve on 19 November 1908. Recommissioned on 14 August 1909, "Stringham" was assigned duty as flagship of the 3d Division, Atlantic Torpedo Flotilla, on 9 September. During October, she participated with units of the Atlantic Fleet in the Hudson-Fulton Celebration, steaming up the Hudson as far as Albany, NY, on 8 October. Returning south to Charleston, "Stringham" was again placed in reserve on 30 November.
Assigned to temporary duty with the 1st Torpedo Division on 1 April 1910, "Stringham" was transferred to the Engineering Experimental Station at Annapolis, MD, on 14 September. She served as a practice ship and training vessel for midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy from 1911 to 1913.
On 26 July 1912, near Annapolis, Maryland, "Stringham" successfully received the first radio signal transmitted from an aircraft to a surface ship. Ensign Charles H. Maddox, USN, transmitted "We are off the water, going ahead full speed on a course for the Naval Academy" from an altitude of 300 feet to the "Stringham", distant three nautical miles. Later test messages from Maddox's "Wright flyer style" aircraft were received by "Stringham" at distances of up to 15 miles. Maddox later wrote, "These were the first radio messages ever received from an airplane radio transmitting set in the United States and probably in the world."
"Stringham" was placed out of commission on 21 November 1913 at the Norfolk Navy Yard, was struck from the Navy list on 26 November 1913, and designated for use as a target on 17 December 1913. Never actually used as a target, "Stringham" remained at Norfolk until sold on 18 May 1923 to E. L. Hurst of Roanoke Dock for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="2847179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847179" title="Sheffield Forgemasters">
Sheffield Forgemasters

Sheffield Forgemasters International (commonly called just Forgemasters or Sheffield Forgemasters) is a heavy engineering firm located in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The company specialises in the production of large bespoke steel castings and forgings, as well as standard rolls, ingots and bar. 
History.
The company was established in 1983 from the merger of Firth Brown and British Steel's River Don Works forging operations, as a public company. Their buildings now dominate the Brightside area of East Sheffield. The company can trace its heritage back to the start of the steel industry in Sheffield in the 18th century. The firms of Vickers, Cammell Laird, and Armstrong Whitworth were all nationalised to form British Steel in the 1960s.
The company has had a chequered history due to the cyclical demand for specialist forgings and castings. In 2005 it was the subject of a management buy out.
On 16 June 2010, a worker was killed at Forgemasters in an industrial accident.
Capabilities.
The company specialises in forged and cast parts for suppliers to the engineering, nuclear, oil, petrochemical, and process industries worldwide.
The company has the American Society of Mechanical Engineers N-stamp accreditation for critical nuclear components, having produced major components for the Astute class submarines and the civil nuclear industry, including Sizewell B, the UK's only pressurised water reactor.
Sheffield Forgemasters currently has the capacity for pouring the largest single ingot (570 tonnes) in Europe. The two forging presses in use can exert a pressure of 2,500 tonnes and 10,000 tonnes on a billet of steel. The 2,500 ton press dates back to 1897 and was originally steam powered, and after several upgrades is now hydraulically operated.
2007 Sheffield floods.
The company was severely affected by the 2007 United Kingdom floods, when the nearby River Don flooded the works with several feet of water, but after a cleanup effort Forgemasters was back in action within weeks of the devastation.
2010 expansion.
Due to increasing demand for their specialist services, in 2010 the firm commissioned a new 4,000 ton forging press, with plans to increase the range of forgings they can supply.
On 17 March 2010, Lord Mandelson announced that the UK Government would loan the company £80 million at a low 3.5% interest rate towards the design and building of a new 15,000 ton forging press (together with other investors). The press, intended to give Forgemasters the ability to manufacture ultra-large forgings for the nuclear power industry, would allow the UK to use home-manufactured components during the building of proposed new nuclear power plants in the country. According to The Engineer, as of 2010, there was only one other manufacturer in the world, Japan Steel Works, with the adequate presses and certification able to manufacture all the required ultra-large forgings, however the World Nuclear Association stated that very heavy forging capacity was also operating in China and Russia, and was under construction in France and South Korea.
Following the United Kingdom general election, 2010, held on 6 May, the new Government announced a Treasury review of all Government decisions on funding since 1 January, aimed at reducing the country's budget deficit in response to the preceding financial crisis and concerns over sovereign debt, which led to a period of uncertainty about the expansion's future. On 17 June 2010 Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander announced the cancellation of 12 projects totalling £2 billion agreed to by the previous Labour government, including the £80 million loan to Sheffield Forgemasters. The Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills Vince Cable explained the reason was that the project required very large loans and promised extraordinary rates of return with little risk investment by Sheffield Forgemasters, and given the financial situation the government could not support this. Forgemasters' chief executive stated that the project was not economic using private finance, and was unlikely to go ahead without government loans.
In an interview with BBC Radio Sheffield, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said the Government may reconsider loaning the company money for expansion. However in 2011, following the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, the company decided to no longer try to finance a 15,000 ton forging press due to uncertainty about the future of nuclear energy.
On Monday 31 October 2011, the Government announced new lending of up to £36m to the firm, as part of £950m of investment nationwide from the Regional Growth Fund for a variety equipment in areas like the melt shop, forge and the machine shops.
Role in Iraqi supergun scandal.
On 11 April 1990, HM Customs & Excise in Middlesbrough seized parts of what were believed to be parts of a massive 'supergun' on a ship bound for Iraq. It was revealed that parts of the gun had been manufactured by Forgemasters who stated that they had been told that the pipes were to be used in a petrochemical project.

</doc>
<doc id="2847186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847186" title="Long John Nebel">
Long John Nebel

Long John Nebel (born John Zimmerman; June 11, 1911 – April 10, 1978) was an influential New York City talk radio show host.
From the mid-1950s until his death in 1978, Nebel was a hugely popular all-night radio host, with millions of regular listeners and what Donald Bain described as "a fanatically loyal following" to his syndicated program, which dealt mainly with anomalous phenomena, UFOs, and other offbeat topics.
Biography.
Youth and young adulthood.
Nebel was born in Chicago, Illinois, United States. He dropped out of school after the eighth grade, but he was an avid reader throughout his life, and he was conversant on many topics. Rumor had it that he was the son of a physician and ran away with a circus as a youngster.
According to his own account in "The Way Out World" (1961), Nebel moved to New York City "around 1930", at the age of 19. His first job there was usher in the New York Paramount Theater. Nebel pursued a number of careers in his young adulthood (including a long period as a freelance photographer and a stint as a sidewalk salesman) before establishing the successful Long John's Auctions, an auction and consignment store in New Jersey. At his auction barn in New Jersey, he was billed as "Long John, the gab and gavel man", and people would attend just for an evening's entertainment.
The nickname "Long John Nebel" had several sources: "Long John" was a nickname for his tall, slender build (he stood 6'4" m and never weighed more than about 160 pounds [73 kg]).
Nebel did not seek a career in radio until around 1954, when he was 43 years old.
In 1972, Nebel married the former pin-up model Candy Jones, who became the co-host of his show. Her controversial claims of having been a victim of CIA mind-control influenced the direction of the program during its last six years on the air.
WOR.
In the mid-1950s, radio throughout the United States was floundering and trying to redefine itself after the explosive popularity of television. Over several years, Nebel had become friends with many people at various New York radio stations when he bought commercial time to advertise his auction house. WOR, one of New York's leading stations, faced poor ratings in 1954 when Nebel proposed an interview show. The format, as Donald Bain writes, "would be devoted to discussing strange and unexplained topics".
WOR's management was not especially impressed by Nebel's idea. However, deciding they had little to lose (following WOR's failed foray into broadcasting facsimile editions of the morning paper during the early morning hours), WOR offered him a midnight to 5:30 am time slot, the poorest-rated hours. Building on the modest fame of his auction house (and also hoping to generate more business), he used the same name, Long John, when he went on radio.
To the surprise of WOR's management, Nebel's show was a quick success among New York's night-owls and early risers. Unidentified flying objects were discussed almost daily, alongside topics such as voodoo, witchcraft, parapsychology, hypnotism, conspiracy theories, and ghosts. Perhaps fittingly for an overnight show, one of Nebel's sponsors was No-Doz caffeine pills.
Within a few months Nebel was getting not only high ratings, but press attention from throughout the United States for his distinctive and in many ways unprecedented program (WOR's powerful signal assured that Nebel's show was broadcast to over half of the United States' population). Bain notes that some listeners were put off by his "grating, often vicious manner", but many more adored him because of (or in spite of) his abrasive style. Keith writes: "Though Nebel could be brusque and even imperious in the phone, he was always a sympathetic listener and compasionate host."
Seven-second delay.
WOR was worried about some of Nebel's guests or callers uttering a swear word on the air. Nebel used one of the first tape delay systems in radio, giving engineers a chance to edit unacceptable language before it was broadcast. In 1956, engineer Russell Tinklepaugh invented the system Nebel used. He built a modified Ampex 300 tape deck with an additional set of heads. The deck was able to record on a loop of 1/4" tape, and carry the tape around the perimeter of the deck to be played on the second set of heads. This resulted in a delay of several seconds, enough time to hit the "stop" button to avoid airing foul language. (ref.ex-WOR engineer, Frank Cernese)
WMCA, which went all-talk in 1970, used a similar system. It involved two Ampex 350 reel-to-reel machines side by side, each with the order of its heads—normally (from left to right) erase-record-play—reversed, to be mounted play-erase-record. Thus the tape loop, transported counter-clockwise, would record the microphone output, and then have to go all the way around to play it back over the air before being erased. When the engineer, producer, or air talent hit the 'dump' button the feed would immediately be switched to the other Ampex, so there was very little disruption of the air product. Today, of course, such delays are done digitally. (ref. ex-WMCA engineer B. Golden)
WNBC.
In 1962, WNBC offered Nebel more than $100,000 per year (if not a record sum paid to a radio personality, then very near it) to begin broadcasting from their station, and he accepted the offer. He continued there until 1973, when WNBC, facing sliding ratings, decided to switch to an all rock music format. After a protracted battle, Nebel refused to change his show, and resigned in protest. According to Bain, one anonymous WNBC employee insisted that the station's management "deliberately fucked up [Nebel's] career" by spreading unfounded rumors about the format switch and Nebel's reaction to it.
WMCA.
Nebel was quickly hired by WMCA, where, from 1973 to 1978, he continued his exploration of the paranormal. His show was still popular, though his ratings on the less powerful WMCA were not as high as they had been at WNBC. At WMCA, John was constantly pestered by prank callers who often told him "Yes John, I'm coming down there, and I'm going to bash your head!"
Books.
Nebel wrote two books that dealt with some of the most interesting of his guests. "The Way Out World", published in 1961, covered his years at WOR and included UFO contactees, a stage magician, the Shaver Mystery, Edgar Cayce, and much more, which Nebel said he had gleaned from his "twenty thousand hours of interviewing and research". His second book, "The Psychic World Around Us", co-written with Sanford M. Teller and published in 1969, dealt more specifically with tales of the paranormal and the guests whom he had interviewed while at WNBC.
Marriage to Candy Jones.
Nebel had had a short-lived marriage early in his life, and had a daughter from that marriage, but he was single in 1972 when he met and married the fashion model Candy Jones. She had been one of the favorite pin up girls of the World War II era. The marriage took place after a whirlwind, month-long courtship, although Nebel and Jones had met briefly when Nebel was a photographer decades earlier. Jones became the co-host of Nebel's show almost immediately, and continued in this role until his death.
Due to Jones's mood swings and shifts in personality, and some unusual and otherwise-unexplainable events in her life, Nebel said that he had come to suspect she had been a victim of a CIA mind control plot. Her story, with its conspiracy theory overtones, had a definite influence on the content of Nebel's radio show during its final six years. See Candy Jones for more information.
Death.
Although long plagued with heart disease, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1971. Nebel sought various treatments, but by the mid-1970s, he was in very poor health. He continued broadcasting, however, usually six nights per week, with Candy Jones as his co-host. In 1977 the Mutual Broadcasting System began to offer Nebel's show to stations nationwide, replacing Mutual's nationwide distribution of Herb Jepko's radio talk show.
When Nebel died in 1978, his Mutual network slot was taken over by Larry King. His show on WOR, called "Partyline", was handed to the "amazing" James Randi, skeptic and frequent guest on Nebel's show over the years.
Format of the show.
Nebel's program gave the impression of being freewheeling and unpredictable, prone to sidetracks and digressions; very different from the precise, mannered approach of most contemporary radio. There were occasional heated arguments—rather mild when compared to the conflict on more recent programs such as the "Jerry Springer Show", but such open conflict in "any" media was quite startling in the 1950s and 1960s.
Nebel, along with his regular guests and panelists, would interview various personalities and claimants (such as psychic Kuda Bux), and take occasional telephone calls from listeners in the New York area. He would also interview novelists and discuss their books in detail. He was surprised on one occasion by novelist Iris Murdoch's response that she was a frequent listener and had modeled one of her characters after one of his guests.
Nebel's approach was unique: talk radio "per se" did not yet exist as it would in later decades, and Nebel was navigating largely uncharted territory. Sometimes, Nebel entered the discussions, other times he described himself as a "moderator" and allowed his guests to have spirited debates, commenting only occasionally to guide the debate, or to announce station breaks.
It was not uncommon for Nebel to disappear for 20 minutes or more around 3:00 am and leave his panel of frequent guests to run the show without him. Nebel usually invited callers during the last two hours of the program (from about 3:00 to 5:00 am); up to 40,000 people might try to telephone during this period.
Nebel was perhaps best described as a curious skeptic with respect to the reality of paranormal topics; he frequently characterized himself as a "non-believer". Regarding the claims of the many contactees he interviewed, Nebel stated: "I don't buy any of it." He also noted that he was intrigued by some UFO reports, but did not have any firm conclusions or explanations.
Some critics attacked Nebel for allowing crackpots free rein on the program, but he responded by saying his was not a traditional news or investigative journalism show, and that it was up to listeners to determine the validity of any guest's claims.
Nebel often asked pointed questions of his guests when he saw logical fallacies or inconsistencies in their stories. He did not suffer fools gladly, unless the fool was exceptionally entertaining. Still, he was rather sympathetic in at least offering guests a forum to state their claims.
When programs dealt with health and exercise, Nebel was fond of saying: "I am a lover, not an athlete." He also popularized the expression "wack-a-ding-hoi" for an idea or guest he believed was a little "crazy". When asked why his television show was no longer on the air, Nebel would respond that he was not good-looking enough to be on television. His friendly, good-humored approach was one of the great reasons for his popularity.
Regular guests.
As noted above, Jackie Gleason was a frequent guest. On one show, Gleason famously offered US$100,000 to anyone who could offer physical proof of aliens visiting Earth (Gleason later upped the amount to US$1 million, although it was never claimed). Another memorable show found Gleason undertaking a sharp—occasionally even savage—debate with publisher Gray Barker. Gleason took Gray to task for presenting largely unsubstantiated tales of the Men in Black and contactees as factual.
The two most frequent guests on his radio show were science fiction writers Lester del Rey and Frederik Pohl. Each appeared on more than 400 of Nebel's broadcasts. Nebel also had philosopher Mortimer Adler and James Randi on frequently.
Sponsors.
Nebel's sponsors included some unusual products. For example, the Kelso Trot Calculator was, according to Nebel, developed by a NASA scientist, who was an occasional guest on his program. Basically a slide rule, the "calculator" was designed to pick horse racing winners.
Nebel's commercials were often as entertaining as the program itself. Nebel was a master story teller who could spin yarns around the virtues of his sponsors. Commercials often ran several minutes. His seven-minute commercial for a pornographic movie ("It Happened in Hollywood") was unforgettable. Apparently, he had not reviewed the copy before reading it cold on the air and he fell victim to uncontrollable fits of laughter throughout his long and fruitless attempt to read it. Another long running sponsor was Ho-Ho's Chinese Food - "Ho means Good, Ho-Ho means Good-Good".
UFOs.
Flying saucers were in the news regularly in the mid-1950s, and were a frequent topic on Nebel's show. Guests related to this subject included retired Marine Corps Major Donald Keyhoe, contactees George Adamski and George Van Tassel, and skeptics like Arthur C. Clarke and Lester del Rey. Nebel discussed the so-called Shaver Mystery, the Flatwoods monster, the Nazca Lines, and many other uncommon subjects.
Nebel gave a forum to Otis T. Carr, an Oklahoman who claimed to have discovered the secret of flying saucer propulsion, by studying the works of Nikola Tesla. With some of his regular panelists, Nebel journeyed to Oklahoma City for the unveiling of Carr's saucer. (Carr was later convicted of fraud and jailed after he took several hundred thousand dollars from investors, and never produced his prototype.)
Pranks.
Nebel was not above a few pranks, all in the name of showmanship and ratings: on one occasion, for example, he colluded with a friend to offer testimony supporting a guest's claims of astral projection.
Nebel spent weeks on his show developing a tale for his audience that the Empire State Building was rotated on giant ball bearings in the wee hours of the morning. At first Nebel said the motion was almost imperceptible. As the prank developed over time, Nebel began telling callers that if they visited the Empire State Building very late at night, they would find the shops at ground level had switched location to the block around the corner.
Nebel also was fond of telling his audience that the finest candle wicks were grown on "wick farms" located in the Midwest.
The fact that Nebel's second wife, Candy Jones claimed to have been the subject of CIA experiments in mind-control was discounted as a prank by those who pointed out his history of promoting hoaxes. Nebel, on the other hand, said that he believed what Jones had revealed to him under hypnosis, and never believed that her story was false in any way.
Influence.
Jackie Gleason was a fan of Nebel's show (and also an occasional guest), and wrote in his introduction to Bain's biography of Nebel: "Why is so strangely entertaining?... because the best entertainment is entertainment that opens your mind and tells you the world is bigger than you thought it was."
Radio historian Michael C. Keith wrote: "Few people before or since have brought to all-night radio the kind of ingenuity, originality and variety that Nebel did. He represents one of post-World War II radio's creative high points and another example of the special nature of overnight programming... He would come to be regarded as one of after-hours radio's true pioneers."
Nebel was a formative influence on talk radio: Donald Bain noted that in the early 1970s: "Fledgling (radio) announcers at broadcasting schools around the country were played tapes of Nebel shows as part of their course study." Recordings of Nebel's shows have circulated among fans of esoterica for decades.
Nebel's format paved the way for later radio hosts, including Art Bell, George Noory of Coast to Coast AM, Hilly Rose, Jeff Rense, and Clyde Lewis, all of whom have broadcast shows on paranormal topics. Colin Bennett called Nebel the Art Bell of his era.

</doc>
<doc id="2847194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847194" title="Fab">
Fab

Fab or FAB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847205" title="Upper Ammonoosuc River">
Upper Ammonoosuc River

The Upper Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Connecticut River that flows through Coös County in northern part of the northeastern U.S. state of New Hampshire. Despite its name, the river is not an upstream portion of the Ammonoosuc River, but instead a separate tributary of the Connecticut River flowing from to the north of the Ammonoosuc.
The Upper Ammonoosuc rises in Pond of Safety in the town of Randolph, runs first generally north through rural portions of Berlin (where it flows through the Godfrey Dam), Milan and a corner of Dummer, then west through Stark and then Northumberland where it drains into the Connecticut near the village of Groveton. The end points of that 42.4-mile (68.3-km) course are approximately 25 air miles (38 km) apart. 
From Milan to Groveton it is fairly closely paralleled by New Hampshire Route 110. 
Fort Wentworth was built in 1755 at the junction of the Upper Ammonoosuc and the Connecticut Rivers (now near the village of Groveton). The fort was used sporadically during both the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War.
The watershed area includes the northern Crescent Range, eastern Pliny Range and the eastern and northern Pilot Range, all in the White Mountains. Major tributaries of the Upper Ammonoosuc include:

</doc>
<doc id="2847207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847207" title="Ryan Hansen">
Ryan Hansen

Ryan Hansen (born July 5, 1981) is an American actor, known for having portrayed Dick Casablancas on "Veronica Mars" and Nolan in "Friday the 13th" (2009). He also played Kyle Bradway on the Starz show "Party Down". In 2012 he appeared as a recurring character on "2 Broke Girls". Hansen also has a recurring role as bad boy contestant Blaze on the web series "Burning Love".
Early life.
Hansen was born in Fountain Valley, California and raised in El Cajon, California, but has since moved with his wife Amy to Los Angeles.
Career.
Hansen began acting with guest starring roles on series such as "Grounded for Life", "That's So Raven", and "Las Vegas". In 2004, Hansen auditioned for the role of Duncan Kane on "Veronica Mars" but lost out to Teddy Dunn. However, Rob Thomas told him to try out for the role of Dick Casablancas.
In 2008, Hansen appeared in "Superhero Movie", released on March 28. Also in 2008, Hansen appeared in the CCT original musical "Alice" as Trevor McKnight/White Night. The show opened on July 31 and ran through August 10, in San Diego. 
In 2011, Hansen portrayed Ben Lewis on the NBC sitcom "Friends with Benefits".
BuddyTV ranked him #79 on its list of "TV's Sexiest Men of 2011".
In 2012, he began a recurring role as Andy, the candy shop owner, on the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls". The same year he had a supporting role in the film "Hit and Run" alongside Dax Shepard and Bradley Cooper.
Personal life.
Hansen and his wife, Amy, were former roommates of actress Kristen Bell at her house in the Hollywood Hills. Together, they have two children.
Hansen is involved in the campaign Invisible Children and has appeared in the online series The LXD, of which 50% of the profits is going to the Invisible Children Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="2847211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847211" title="Ray Halligan">
Ray Halligan

Raymond James "Ray" Halligan (born 23 August 1939) was a Western Australian politician, who served in the Western Australian legislative Council from 1997 to 2009. Ray is Married to Judith, and they have four children, Craig, Alison, Dean and Jennifer.
Ray was born in Sydney in 1939. He attended Woy Woy High School, in the New South Wales Central Coast town of Woy Woy.
In 1968, Ray was awarded his Accountancy Certificate, and began to practice as an accountant. Working in Papua New Guinea for a time, Ray was employed with the Papua New Guinea Development Bank, as well as private companies in the country. For a time he was Chief Accountant for the Nauru Phosphate Corporation. Halligan is a member of the National Institute of Accountants.
Ray was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council in 1997 for the Liberal Party of Australia, as the member for the North Metropolitan Region. He was elected at a by-election, after the previous member, Ross Lightfoot, was appointed to the Australian Senate to fill a casual vacancy.
From 9 March to 31 December 2001, Ray was the Shadow Minister for Local Government. From 1 January 2002 to 20 March 2005, he was the Shadow Minister for three portfolios: Housing, Works and Services and Citizenship and Multicultural Affairs. From 20 March 2005 to 2008he was the Shadow Minister for Citizenship and Multicultural Affairs .
Since 24 May 2005 to 2009, Ray was the Deputy Chairman of Committees for the Parliament of Western Australia. He was the Deputy Chair of the Joint Standing Committees on the Corruption & Crime Commission, on Delegated Legislation and in had been a member of the Standing Committee on Constitutional Affairs. Ray was the secretary for the parliamentary wing of the Liberal Party in Western Australia.
Ray is a member of a number of political and community organisations, including Australians for Constitutional Monarchy and Australian National Flag Association. Ray was made the foundation Vice-Chairman for The Friends of Israel (WA) Inc in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2847212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847212" title="Day of the Warrior">
Day of the Warrior

Day of the Warrior, sometimes credited as L.E.T.H.A.L. Ladies: Day of the Warrior is a 1996 "B-Movie" written and directed by Andy Sidaris. The film follows The Legion to Ensure Total Harmony and Law (L.E.T.H.A.L.) as they attempt to track a criminal known only as The Warrior. The Warrior (Marcus Bagwell) is a former Olympic gold medalist, ex-CIA agent, pro wrestler, fine art dealer, diamond smuggler and pornography bootlegger. He is assisted by former "American Gladiators" star Zap (Raye Hollitt); this movie came out immediately after her "Playboy" pictorial the same year.
Hot on his trail are the L.E.T.H.A.L. Ladies headed up by Commander Willow Black (former Penthouse Pet Julie Strain) and assisted by Agent Tiger (former Playboy Playmate Shae Marks) and Agent Cobra (former Penthouse Pet Julie K. Smith).
This was Andy Sidaris' first directed film since 1993's "Fit to Kill" and his return to the film genre he is often credited as creating, the T&A&G film. (He did produce a couple of entries in the L.E.T.H.A.L. Ladies series in 1993 and 1994, however) A traditional element of his films is the casting of many buxom former "Penthouse" and "Playboy" models and much gunplay and explosions.

</doc>
<doc id="2847217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847217" title="Olive Borden">
Olive Borden

Olive Borden (July 14, 1906 – October 1, 1947) was an American film and stage actress who began her career during the silent film era. Nicknamed "The Joy Girl", Borden was known for her jet-black hair and overall beauty.
At the peak of her career in the mid-1920s, Borden was earning $1,500 a week. In 1927, she walked out on her contract with Fox after refusing to take a pay cut. By 1929, her career began to wane due to her reputation for being temperamental and her difficulty transitioning to sound films. She made her last film, "Chloe, Love Is Calling You", in 1934 and moved on to stage work for a time. By the late 1930s, she had declared bankruptcy and stopped acting. During World War II, she joined the WACs. She was later honorably discharged after sustaining a foot injury and attempted to make a comeback in films. However, Borden's attempts to get back into acting were hindered by her alcoholism and health problems.
In 1945, she began working at the Sunshine Mission, a home for destitute women located in the skidrow section of Los Angeles. She died there in October 1947 of a stomach ailment and pneumonia at the age of 41.
Early life.
Olive Borden was born in Richmond, Virginia in 1906. Her birth name was often reported erroneously as Sybil Tinkle until the 1990s when it was discovered that another woman with the same name had been confused with Borden. Borden's father died when she was a baby and she was raised by her mother, Sibbie, in Norfolk and Baltimore, Maryland where she also attended Catholic boarding schools. She was a distant relative of Lizzie Borden. As a teenager, she persuaded her mother to take her to Hollywood to pursue a career in show business. To support themselves they opened a candy store and Olive worked as a telephone operator.
Career.
Borden began her career as one of the Sennett Bathing Beauties in 1922 and was soon appearing as a vamp in Hal Roach comedy shorts. Producer Paul Bern chose her for a role in his film "The Dressmaker In Paris". She was signed by Fox after being named a WAMPAS Baby Star in 1925 (along with cousin Natalie Joyce). Borden quickly became one of their most popular and highest paid stars earning a salary of $1,500 a week. She had starring roles in eleven films at Fox including "3 Bad Men" and "Fig Leaves" both costarring her then-boyfriend George O'Brien. During this time she worked with some directors who would go on to achieve major fame, including John Ford, Howard Hawks and Leo McCarey.
When Fox cut her salary in 1927, she walked out on her contract. By this point she was a major star but she found it difficult to make the transition from silent films to "talkies". She worked to get rid of her Southern accent but could not overcome her reputation as being difficult. She was still in demand as an actress and continued to work for Columbia and RKO. Borden cut her trademark hair into a short bob and turned herself into a modern flapper. She made several movies in the early 1930s but her career stalled. Her last screen credit came in 1934 in the film "Chloe, Love Is Calling You". She moved to New York where she had a brief stage career and made a living on the vaudeville circuit.
Post acting years.
During her acting career, Borden was one of the highest paid stars. She spent her money freely and by the late 1930s, she was broke. Borden then found work as a postal clerk and mail carrier and also worked as a nurse's aide.
In 1942, Borden joined the WAC where she has received an army citation for bravery in turning over an enemy ammunition truck. Her Army career ended after she was hospitalized in Walter Reed Medical Center with a severe foot injury. After her honorable discharge she attempted an unsuccessful comeback in films.
Borden struggled with alcoholism and numerous health problems. She spent her final years in the skid row section of Los Angeles scrubbing floors at the Sunshine Mission, a home for destitute women.
Personal life.
Relationships.
From 1926 until 1930 she had been romantically involved with actor George O'Brien and the press reported they were engaged. She also dated director Marshall Neilan, producer Paul Bern, and had a long affair with Arthur Benline, Lieutenant Commander in the Navy Construction Battalion.
Marriages.
Borden was married twice. Her first marriage was to stockbroker Theodore Spector whom she married on March 28, 1931. The marriage was rocky and the couple separated in early 1932. After their separation, Borden learned that Spector was not divorced from his first wife, Pearl, whom he married in 1919. Spector was arrested for bigamy in 1932 after his first wife came forward and claimed they were still married. In November 1932, Borden petitioned the court for an annulment which was later granted. She married her second husband, railroad technician John Moeller, in November 1934. That marriage ended in divorce seven years later.
For most of her life Borden lived with her mother, Sibbie.
Death.
Borden died on October 1, 1947 from a stomach ailment and pneumonia at the age of 41. The only possession she had when she died was a signed photo of herself. Borden's funeral was held on October 3 at the Sunshine Mission where she worked before her death. The Mission's founder, Essie Binkley West, officiated the service. Borden was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California. Her mother Sibbie was interred in the grave next to her.
For her contribution to the motion picture industry, Olive Borden has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Blvd. She was one of the first eight stars chosen to receive a star in 1958. Her name was drawn randomly from hundreds of nominees.

</doc>
