<doc id="2929926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929926" title="Vawkavysk">
Vawkavysk

Vawkavysk (, ; ) is one of the oldest towns in southwestern Belarus and the capital of the Vawkavysk raion. It is located on the Wołkowyja River, roughly from Minsk and from Vilnius. Its population is estimated at 43,826 inhabitants.
Vawkavysk was first unofficially mentioned in the Turov Annals in 1005 and this year is widely accepted as the founding year for Vawkavysk. At that time Volkovysk was a city-fortress on the border of the Baltic and the Slavic ethnic groups. Since 12th century, Volkovysk was the center of a small princedom. The Hypatian Chronicle mentions the city in 1252.
Toponymy.
The name is thought to be derived from the local dialect for the phrases for searching for wolves ("wołków isk") or the howling of wolves ("wołków wisk"). Old Belarusian tradition refers to the area surrounding Vawkavysk as once being occupied by vast forestry filled with wolves. The river flowing through the town was named Wołkowyja. This also explains the appearance of a wolf's head or body on the town's coat of arms.
However, modern scholars have also hypothesized that the name of Vawkavysk was of more recent origin and hence succeeded the original legend. Vawkavysk was mentioned in a manuscript written by the priest D. Bułakowski at the end of the 16th or beginning of the 17th century. It was stored in the Sapieha family's library in Ruzhany Palace, where it was translated into Russian in 1881 and published in a Vilnius gazette. According to the manuscript, in the place where Vawkavysk is now situated, were large swathes of forest, through which flowed the now non-existent Nietupa River, and consisted of winding travel routes on which travelers were frequently attacked. Within this forest, two robbers, named Voloko and Visek, had their hide-out. A prince named Vladislav Zabeyko, upon hearing of these attacks, tracked down the robbers and hung them on trees for the birds to feed upon. A settlement was built in the location of the robbers' hide-out, which was named Volokovysek, and occupied by slaves. At the execution site, a large stone was placed but, according to local tradition, was later broken up to be used to build a temple.
Geography.
Vawkavysk is located in the valley basin of the Wołkowyja river near its confluence with the Ros River, which flows, in turn, directly north about to the Neman River. The historical core of Vawkavysk lies on the left bank of the river. The town has been expanding to the west and south. The town has an urban area of , while together with its metropolitan area it covers . Forests occupy an area of , swamps , and water facilities . Its raion is bordered by those of Masty to the north, Zel’va to the east, Pruzhany of Brest oblast to the south, Svislach to the southwest, and Byerastavitsa to the west.
On the left bank of the Wołkowyja, the town is surrounded on three sides by hilly terrain, while the highest point of Vawkavysk proper is Swedish Mountain, located on the southeastern outskirts of town, with its height from the base to the top of its defensive wall varying from . The mountain's base is round with a diameter of about . A flat top of "the Swedish mountain" nearly round and is wide east to west. The perimeter of the flat top is surrounded by a powerful defensive wall broken in the south by the entrance. The mountains of Zamchishche (Castle Mountain) and Muravelnik (Mouse Mountain) lie to the west and east of Swedish Mountain, respectively.
Climate.
Vawkavysk lies in the or hemiboreal (Dfb) climate zone, with four seasons and uniformly spread precipitation. Monthly averages range from -5.0 °C (23 °F) in January to 17.9 °C (64.2 °F) in July. There are, on average, 95 days a year when there is snow cover. Vawkavysk receives about of precipitation a year. The average period of vegetation is 194 days, and lasts from April to October. The highest officially recorded temperature in Vawkavysk was 36 °C (96.8 °F) in 1959, while on the other end, the lowest temperature was -38 °C (-36.4 °F) in 1950.
History.
Prehistory.
Due to the Wołkowyja River, there are no other archaeological sites; Swedish Mountain, along with Muravelnike and Zamchishcha, are considered territory that chronicles the town known as Vawkavysk. The only fortress that existed was on Swedish Mountain. Gradually, as the settlement grew, the boundaries of the town extended to the neighboring hill of Zamchishcha. Industrical and commercial sites were located at the foot of Swedish Mountain along its northern, eastern, and southern sides. Muravelnike was also inhabited, but was not as populated as Swedish Mountain and Zamchishcha.
Middle Ages.
Vawkavysk is one of the oldest towns of Eastern Europe and has played a role in the political development of medieval Slavic civilization. It is believed that Vawkavysk was founded in the 10th century. The origin of the town is obscured by legends, one of which tells about a prince Vladislav Zabeyko who, in 738, found robbers named Voloka and Visek and killed them. In the place of their shelter, 10 huts were built, which expanded into a settlement. According to it, the name Vawkavysk is derived from the names of the two robbers. Another legend states that the town was founded by the King of Lithuania, Mindaugas.
There is little historical evidence pertaining to the period when the town was founded. Archaeological excavations conducted at the site of the ancient town attest that a Slavic settlement had already existed in the area by the late 10th century based on the dwellings and defensive works which were discovered during the excavation. Vawkavysk was first unofficially mentioned in the Turov Annals in 1005 and this year has been widely accepted as the town's founding year. Vawkavysk turned into a town and became a center of crafts and trades in the early 1100s. In 1224 and 1241 the Mongol invasion of Rus led by Batu Khan destroyed Vawkavysk and its fortress. 
Vawkavysk lies in a region formerly referred to as Black Ruthenia that was subjugated to various invading forces of Baltic and Slavic tribes. At various times, the town was influenced by the Principality of Polotsk and Galicia-Volhynia. On the nights of 15 and 16 February 1038, the town was destroyed by a Baltic tribe of Yatvingians. Up until 1084, this territory belonged under Slavic Kievan Rus and later became a dependent vassal state. After Mindaugas conquered the area in 1239, it was incorporated into what would later become the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and was administered from Navahrudak from the 1240s to the 1250s.
Vawkavysk's location on the border between Lithuania and neighboring Galicia-Volhynia resulted in frequent fighting over these territories. The Ipatiev Chronicle mentions Vawkavysk in connection with an invasion of the Galicia-Volhynian prince Daniel Romanovich Galitsky and his brother Vasilko in 1252. Power exchanged hands periodically during the years of 1254-1258 between the princes of these two kingdoms. The chronicle continues with describing that a peace treaty was signed in 1254 where the Grand Duke of Lithuania, Vaišvilkas, transferred Vawkavysk, along with several other towns, to Daniel's son, Roman Danylovich Galitsky. Sometime after this event, in 1255, a prince named Gleb, who acknowledged himself as a vassal of the Grand Duke of Lithuania, became ruler of Vawkavysk. Prince Gleb participated in a Galicia-Volhynian campaign against the Yatvingians in 1256. It was not until 1258, after several years of war, that Vawkavysk and Slonim settled as vassal states of Lithuania with Vaišvilkas again reigning from Navahrudak as a vassal of Mindaugas. In 1260, Vaišvilkas and another Lithuanian prince, Toth, captured and killed Roman, which resulted in Daniel marching to the upper reaches of the Neman River to recapture Vawkavysk and take Gleb as prisoner. The chronicle fails to explain what ended this particular campaign. Meanwhile, in 1263, Mindaugas of Lithuania was murdered. In the chaos that followed Mindaugas' assassination, the lands of the Grand Duchy were in disarray, with both local and foreign rulers struggling for power. Additionally, in 1264, Daniel died and his son Svarn Danylovich Galitsky received nominal overlordship over all of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia as its duke, including Vawkavysk. Ownership of the town in 1269 belonged to prince Vladimir.
Following Svarn's loss of the throne in 1269, his brother Lev I of Galicia entered into conflict with Lithuania. In 1274–1276 he fought a war with the new Lithuanian ruler Traidenis but was defeated, and Lithuania annexed the territory of Black Ruthenia with its city of Navahrudak.
During a campaign against the Lithuanians in 1277, the Rus army and their princes, Mstislav Danylovich, another son of Daniel; Vladimir Vasilkovich; and Yuri Lvovich, stopped for the night in Vawkavysk. The last time Vawkavysk is mentioned in the Ipatiev Chronicle is when Lithuanian Grand Duke Butigeidis transferred Vawkavysk to prince Mstislav Danylovich in exchange for peace in 1289.
Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Vawkavysk came under the rule of Grand Duke Vytenis and became part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1293.
It was from a now non-existent castle in Vawkavysk that, in 1385, Jogaila sent his envoys to Kraków to ask for the hand of the Queen of Poland, Jadwiga. He declared that he along with the Lithuanian people was to adopt the Catholic faith, and received the Polish envoys after a long-awaited decision on 11 January 1386. In 1386 Jogaila was baptized as Władysław II Jagiełło in Kraków and became King of Poland. Jagiełło, while in Vawkavysk in 1387, ordered the destruction of pagan deities.
In 1409 the town was attacked and plundered by the Teutonic Knights under the command of Hochmeister Ulrich von Jungingen and its residents taken captive. On 16 March 1410, the town was seized again and burnt under the command of Ordensmarschall Frederic von Wallenrode and its residents were murdered. On 15 July 1410, the Vawkavysk banner participated in the Battle of Grunwald against the Teutonic Order. In 1430 the church of St. Nicholas was built. Vawkavysk was included in the composition of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1441 after being under its authority since 1258.
In 1503 Vawkavysk was granted Magdeburg city rights by Polish king Alexander I Jagiellon. These rights were confirmed by different kings up to 1773. The town received its personal coat of arms of a wolf's head on a blue background. In 1507, Vawkavysk became part of the Nowogródek Voivodeship and was capital of Wołkowysk powiat until 1795. By 1513, Vawkavysk had 9 streets. A church was mentioned as having existed since 1536, while a monastery of Jesuits was founded in 1598. From 1566, Vawkavysk was also a venue for General Sejmiks, which provincial delegates and senators attended, that were held for the whole of Lithuania.
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The Union of Lublin was signed July 1, 1569, in Lublin, Poland, and created a single state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It replaced the personal union of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania with a real union and an elective monarchy, since Sigismund II Augustus, the last of the Jagiellons, remained childless after three marriages. Subsequent to this, Vawkavysk became a town within the Commonwealth. 
The 17th century was a very difficult time in the history of Vawkavysk, in particular, and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in general. The region became the scene of many wars. It was during this time that the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth entered into a series of mid-17th century campaigns, known as The Deluge, consisting of uprisings, invasions and Northern Wars with Russia and Sweden. Following the popular uprising led by Bohdan Khmelnytsky in Ukraine, the rebellion brought into focus the rivalry between Russia and the Commonwealth for hegemony over Ukraine and over the eastern Slavic lands in general. In October 1653 the Russian zemsky sobor declared war on the Commonwealth and in June 1654, the forces of Tsar Alexis of Russia invaded the eastern half of Poland-Lithuania, starting the Russo-Polish War of 1654-67. During this time, Vawkavysk was captured twice by Russian troops in 1655 and 1662 and left heavily damaged. 
At the same time, the Swedish Empire, which technically already was in conflict, although with a cease-fire agreement, with the Commonwealth from the Polish-Swedish War of 1626-29, invaded in July 1654 and occupied the remaining half of the country. In 1656, after three days of battle, Vawkavysk was destroyed and burned by the army of King Charles X Gustav of Sweden. The administrative center of the town was a castle on the river near the road to Izabelin, which was destroyed alongside the town.
During the Great Northern War in 1706, the Swedes attacked Vawkavysk again, which resulted in the residents demanding large indemnity.
In 1736, a Jesuit mission was formed at the expense of a E. Linovskiy, as well as a school in 1747. By the second half of the 18th century, several Jesuit and Marianite monasteries operated in Vawkavysk. As of 1792, the town had about 1,000 buildings, and a church in which the Uniates used as well. 
The region participated in the Kościuszko Uprising in 1794, temporarily freeing the area from under the Russian occupation.
By the end of the 18th century, the town had only 362 houses, where the population consisted of 2,127 people.
Russian Empire.
Vawkavysk eventually found itself within the Russian Empire in 1795 following the third partition of Poland. It was placed under the administration of the Slonim Governorate as a province and became the capital of its own district within the Lithuania-Grodno Governorate in 1802.
During the French invasion of Russia in 1812, Vawkavysk housed the headquarters of General Pyotr Bagration, commander of the 2nd Russian Army. From 17 June to , the town housed Napolean's army. On 2-4 November 1812, during a battle between the French and Russian forces, Vawkavysk was burned. Russian General Fabian Gottlieb von Osten-Sacken defeated the VII Saxon Corps of French General Jean Reynier. The Congress of Vienna in 1815 confirmed Vawkavysk's belonging to Russia.
In 1844 there were Vawkavysk wooden church and the church, the parish school, two hospitals, pharmacy. In 1845 the city received new Russian coat of arms. As of 1860 Vawkavysk was 492 homes, 2 schools, the Church of St.. Wenceslas Church, 7 Jewish prayer houses, a synagogue, a brick factory, tea, 2 mills, hospital, 58 shops. In 1885 the city passed through the railroad Baranovichi - Bialystok ; opened railway station. At 1891 Vawkavysk worked 19 industrial enterprises. In 1907 the city turned to the important railway junction. 
World War I and the Interbellum.
In the First World War in 1915, German troops occupied Vinnitsa. For one thousand nine hundred and nineteen - one thousand nine hundred and twenty seats occupied Polish troops and the Bolsheviks. In the period between 1919 and 1939 Wołkowysk belonged to the Second Polish Republic. It was part of the Białystok Voivodeship and the seat of gmina Biskupice.
According to the Treaty of Riga ( 1921 ) Vinnitsa became part of the interwar Polish Republic, which was the center of a powiat Bialystok province. As of 1939 worked in an iron foundry, two sawmills, two brick factories, and other small businesses.
World War II.
Upon the invasion of the Second Polish Republic by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Vawkavysk came under Soviet occupation. The town became a place of detention and deportation of Polish prisoners-of-war by the Red Army. On June 28, 1941, the German army occupied the town. A concentration camp and a Jewish ghetto were built within town limits, which killed 20,000 people. On July 14, 1944, the 2nd Belarusian Front of the Red Army was able to recapture the town.
In 1939 Vinnitsa entered the Byelorussian SSR, where 15 January 1940 became a district center Bialystok Region . In World War II with 28 June 1941 to 14 July 1944 the city was under German occupation.
20 September 1944 Vinnitsa attached to the Grodno region.
After World War II.
Following the conclusion of the European front of World War II in 1945, Vawkavysk came under the authority of the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. Since 1991, Vawkavysk has belonged to the Republic of Belarus.
3 March 1963 he became a town of regional subordination. 12 April 2001 held approval emblem and flag of the city. In 2004 he conducted Vawkavysk republican festival of rural workers' Dozhinki " .
Administration.
Settlements in the surrounding Vawkavysk region are Izabelin, Ros, Mstibovo, and Voupa.
Demographics.
The town and surrounding area has a population of 74,000, while the urban area of Vawkavysk (with adjacent urban settlements of Ros and Krasnosel'skii included) has about 56,000 inhabitants, and the population of the rural area stands at 18,000 people. The main population groups according to nationality in the town of Vawkavysk are: Belarusians (63.4%), Poles (25%), Russians (8.7%), and other nationalities (2.9%). There are people of a total of 50 nationalities living in the area.
Religious and ethnic groups.
According to the 1897 Russian census, the population of Vawkavysk was 10,323 people (5,982 women and 4,341 men). The main population groups according to religion were: Jews (5,528), Orthodox (2,716), and Roman Catholic (1,943).
Sites of interest.
The Volkovysk archaeological complex includes three heights: "the Swedish mountain" (picture), Zamchishche, and Muravelnik. "The Swedish mountain" is located in a southeast suburb of modern Volkovysk. There is a legend that during The Deluge, "the Swedish mountain" was created by Swedish soldiers above the tomb of their commander. It is the highest point among associates Volkovysk of hills a moraine of a ridge.
The archaeological study of Volkovysk was begun in 1925 by the director of the Grodno Museum of History-Archaeology, Jozef Jodkowski, who was author of several books about history of the area, as well as tourist guides of Grodno and vicinity, popular in the Second Polish Republic
Other local sights include the Roman Catholic Church of St. Wenceslas (1846–48, picture) and the Peter Bagration Museum (picture). The more prominent noble families of Vawkavysk included the Gołgowski and the Piotrowicz.
International relations.
List of Vawkavysk's town twinning, and other forms of city cooperation and friendship: 

</doc>
<doc id="2929932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929932" title="Dunhill (cigarette)">
Dunhill (cigarette)

Dunhill cigarettes are a luxury brand of cigarettes made by the British American Tobacco company. They are usually priced above the average for cigarettes in the region where they are sold. They are exported mostly throughout Europe, the Middle East, South Asia, South Africa, South Korea, Argentina, Brazil, Malaysia (manufactured by British American Tobacco Malaysia a.k.a. Rothmans Group), Indonesia (manufactured by Bentoel Group), New Zealand and Australia but can also be found on the Internet and in duty-free and smoke shops in the United States and Canada.
Dunhill Light cigarettes are packaged in a predominantly white packet, with a bevelled edged square of red in the centre. Dunhill has decided to phase out this pack and have introduced marketing information that the blue box described below is the same cigarette although carbon monoxide levels and nicotine levels are altered.
Dunhill International cigarettes come in a red packet and are one of the most expensive luxury cigarette brands available. The current Dunhill King size beveled packs (which come in Full flavor, light and menthol light) are available only in the United States through specialty tobacconist shops.
Dunhill (minus the ""International"") are a more expensive version produced by BAT, and are sold in European (including Russian), Asian-Pacific, and Canadian markets.
Dunhill cigarettes were favored by gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson and English rock musician John Lennon .
Dunhill "International" cigarettes American distribution is owned and operated by Reynolds American, who are most notably famous for their Camel brand.

</doc>
<doc id="2929950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929950" title="Still Run (Maurice River)">
Still Run (Maurice River)

Still Run is a tributary of the Maurice River in southwestern New Jersey in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="2929951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929951" title="Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin">
Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin

Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin (22 March 1890 – 9 April 1945) was a lawyer, a conservative politician, opponent of Nazism, and a member of the July 20 Plot to assassinate Hitler, for which he was executed.
Biography.
Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin was the son of the Royal Prussian Rittmeister Hermann von Kleist (1849–1913) and his wife Elisabeth (Lili) (1863–1945).
Born in Dubberow near Belgard(Dobrowo), Pomerania, Germany, Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin supported the nationalist-conservative and anti-semitic German National People's Party ("Deutschnationale Volkspartei"). As a conservative, he supported the idea of monarchy and Christian ideals, shown in part through his membership of the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg), to which he was admitted as a Knight of Honor in 1922 and in which he was promoted to Knight of Justice in 1935. He was a staunch, active opponent of Nazism even before Hitler came to power in 1933. He ended up being arrested as a result in May and June of that year, although he was never held very long. He refused to fly the Nazi flag over his "Schloss".
Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin went to the United Kingdom in 1938 as Admiral Wilhelm Canaris's and Colonel-General Ludwig Beck's secret emissary. He was to make the British government aware of the resistance to Hitler's rule inside Germany. He used his contacts with Winston Churchill and Robert Vansittart to try to shift British policy away from one of appeasement to one based more on the use of force. He believed that only if the British were seen to be willing to use force to support Czechoslovakia would the opposition in Germany have the support that it needed among Germany's High Command to move against Hitler. Churchill agreed that a change of leadership in Germany would be a good idea, and even sent Hitler a strongly worded letter, but since Churchill was not yet Prime Minister, it had no effect on him. Kleist-Schmenzin's efforts to get the British to change their policy failed, as did a number of other later missions sent by those who opposed the Nazis. Another factor in his diplomatic failure, was that the nationalist resistance against Hitler openly revealed to British politicians that it seeks to annex territory in both Poland and Czechoslovakia. During his mission in Britain, he presented such bold German revisionist demands for annexation of other countries areas, that in the words of Klemens von Klemperer "territorial aspirations of the Widerstand exceed those of even the Nazis",; at the same time Kleist claimed that besides Hitler there were no other extremist elements in Germany
Kleist-Schmenzin nonetheless still supported the idea of overthrowing Hitler, and to that end, he met Carl Friedrich Goerdeler in 1942 and 1943, a fellow conservative and resistance fighter, who also favoured a coup d'état. Kleist-Schmenzin eventually found his way into the plot's inner circle and advocated a number of violent acts to get rid of Hitler. He urged his son, Lieutenant Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin, to go through with a suicide-assassination plot in January 1944 which would have seen him blow himself and Hitler up with two hand grenades hidden under a new uniform that he was to "demonstrate" to Hitler. However, Hitler did not show up. Kleist-Schmenzin also supported Claus von Stauffenberg's plan to kill Hitler with a briefcase bomb that the Count would take to the Wolf's Lair in East Prussia. Stauffenberg appointed Kleist-Schmenzin political representative in the Szczecin (Stettin) military district in preparation for the coup d'état.
Arrest, trial, and death.
Stauffenberg's briefcase bomb failed to kill Hitler on 20 July 1944, and Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin was arrested the next day. He was brought before the infamous Nazi Volksgerichtshof ("People's Court") on 23 February 1945, where he was sentenced to death for his part in the plot. He was guillotined at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin on 9 April 1945 — one month before the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="2929959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929959" title="Jock series">
Jock series

The Jock series is a superseries of sports music albums startedby Tommy Boy records in 1994. 
The "Jock" series consisted of the "Jock Rock" series, the "Jock Jams" series and the "Slam Jams" series.
Amazon.com markets the albums as "ESPN Presents:".

</doc>
<doc id="2929960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929960" title="Barón Rojo">
Barón Rojo

Barón Rojo () are a Spanish heavy metal band, who reached international success in the 1980s. The band is led by siblings Carlos and Armando de Castro, previously from the band Coz, and it is considered one of the most important representatives of Spanish hard rock bands. "Barón Rojo" in Spanish is "Red Baron", the name of the band is an homage to Manfred von Richthofen, and the eponymous song "Barón Rojo" is about him.
They were ranked number 18 on "Rolling Stone"'s "50 Greatest Spanish rock bands".
History.
The band released their debut album "Larga Vida al Rock and Roll" in 1981, and the first single taken from the LP was "Con Botas Sucias". It achieved moderate success, earning them several coverage from the media after winning a gold record selling certification. To promote the album, Barón Rojo made a tour around Spain.
They moved to London for the recording of their second album "Volumen Brutal" (1982) on the Kingsway studios, owned by Deep Purple's frontman Ian Gillan. This album was released in two versions: One with the lyrics in Spanish and another sung in English. Bruce Dickinson from Iron Maiden is credited for helping them with the translation. This led the band to international success specially in England, where they graced the cover of music magazine Kerrang!. The album, which included tracks like "Los rockeros van al infierno", "Incomunicación" and "Resistiré" (Stand Up in English) sold two million copies worldwide.
In 27 August 1982 Barón Rojo played at Reading music festival, along with renowned bands as Iron Maiden, Twisted Sister and Marillion.
In 1983 "Metalmorfosis", their third studio album also recorded in London, was released and contained, amongst many other tracks, the well-known ballad "Siempre estáis allí".
After that, they released their fourth studio album "En un lugar de la marcha" in 1985 with songs as "Hijos de Caín" and "Cuerdas de acero", as well as two live albums titled "Barón al Rojo Vivo" (1984) and "Siempre Estáis Allí" (1986).
From then on, the band began experimenting with new elements including orchestral compositions, as it can be heard on their 1987 album "Tierra de Nadie".
By the end of 1989, after they released their album "Obstinato", bassist José Luis Campuzano “Sherpa” and drummer Hermes Calabria leave the band, leaving the De Castro brothers with an ever-changing formation, where components as Pepe Bao (bass) and Maxi González (vocals) stayed in the band for just one year, and Antonio del Nogal "Ramakhan" (drums) stayed for four years.
"Desafío", released in 1992 and recorded in Madrid was produced by guitarist Carlos de Castro with Niko del Hierro on bass and José Antonio del Nogal "Ramakhan" playing drums.
After a two compilation albums, the studio album "Arma Secreta" (1997) and some legal disputes with record company Zafiro about the royalties of the previous albums, BMG released a double compilation album called "Cueste lo que cueste", which included 31 hits by the band plus four new songs.
2001 saw the release of the album "20+", an allusion to the more than twenty years of existence of the band, and in 2003 the cover versions album "Perversiones" saw the light and featured cover versions from bands as Deep Purple, Black Sabbath, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and AC/DC.
Drummer Vale Rodríguez left the band in 2005, a place José Martos took again for the second time.
By 2006 the band released "Ultimasmentes", in which all the songs were sung by Carlos de Castro, except for the instrumental opening and finale.
Ángel Arias and José Martos left Barón Rojo in 2007, just after the live CD and DVD "Desde Barón a Bilbao" was released, and Tony Ferrer left the band in September 2008. He was replaced by former Ñu bassist Gorka Alegre.
They made a reunion concert on June 20, 2009 at the Metalway music festival in Zaragoza, with the original formation including José Luís Campuzano "Sherpa" doing vocals. That same year they released their last album yet: live album "En Clave de Rock".
After their successful reunion concert at Metalway'09 they reunited again for a tour, starting and finishing in Madrid, with its first concert at "La Riviera" 30 January 2010 and the last at former bullring "Palacio de Vistalegre" 22 October 2011, where they told the concurrence about the filming of a Baron Rojo documentary.
http://www.mariskalrock.com/index.php/2011/11/02/baron-rojo-volo-sobre-vistalegre/
Even it is finished, the four original members will be on stage on 11 February in Barcelona at Palau Saint Jordi.
http://www.mariskalrock.com/index.php/2011/11/25/baron-rojo-%C2%BFuna-y-no-mas/
This means, that in the past years Baron Rojo has toured with both original and current formations, as well as with Mislata's Symphonic with whom they recorded live album "En Clave de Rock" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="2929969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929969" title="2012 Summer Olympic development">
2012 Summer Olympic development

The 2012 Summer Olympic development process began in 2005, following the successful London bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics, and ran until the games in 2012. While many of the plans were included in the bid portfolio, which gained the favour of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) over the four other bids on 6 July 2005, there were more details released and decisions made afterwards. The London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) was created to oversee many of these developments, though such a large-scale event requires the co-operation of many other agencies. These organizations are sometimes integral parts of the London 2012 plans, while others are unrelated but can still have a great effect.
The day after the announcement saw one of the worst terrorist attacks in Britain, as London was struck by four bomb blasts. While the motivation was not linked specifically to the success of the bid it was to have an effect on the development and planning of the event.
Timelines.
Since the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia the IOC have developed a "master schedule" to ensure that the planning and development of the Games goes smoothly. Gilbert Felli, the IOC Executive Director for the Olympic Games, explained the master schedule as "a timeline of milestones that need to be met for the Games to be delivered on time." On 24 January 2006 LOCOG released full details of their plan, based partly on the IOC Master Schedule.
As of early 2005 60% of the venues and facilities were in place. The bid needed to detail the time plan for any further construction work that was required, and the London 2012 team came up with a schedule that would see all the facilities ready by 2011.
Announcements and developments.
Venues and infrastructure.
Some plans for 2012 Summer Olympics venues have had to change since the bid was developed.
Financing.
The bid team believed that London could end the Games with a surplus of more than £100 million.
The British Government plans to spend £800 million on infrastructure improvements on the Lower Lea Valley. This is not included in the Olympic budget. The total cost of public transport costs relevant to the Games is estimated at £7 billion, but most of these projects would probably have happened in any case, though much later.
In order to protect sources of licensing income, the phrase "London 2012" has been registered as a trade mark in addition to existing protection for the Olympic symbol and name. Further protective measures are proposed in forthcoming legislation, some of which have been seen as controversial. Trading Standards officers in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets have already seized unauthorised products.
Mayor Ken Livingstone pledged the Games Organising Committee would make a profit.
The costs for staging the Games (£2 billion) are funded from the private sector by a combination of sponsorship, merchandising, ticketing and broadcast rights. This budget is raised and managed by the London 2012 Organising Committee. Meanwhile, a further £9.3 billion in public funding was provided in order to build the necessary infrastructure; according to Games organisers, the sources of the public funding were as follows:
On 18 August 2007, "The Belfast Telegraph" reported that jubilation over winning the right to stage the Olympic Games was becoming more muted as realisation dawns on the public of the enormous costs involved in creating facilities for the athletes. Grassroot sport cuts will fund the Olympics, government figures suggested on 19 August 2007.
In November 2007, Edward Leigh MP criticised the organisers for significantly underestimating the cost of staging the games, suggesting they had either "acted in bad faith or were incompetent".
On 10 December 2007, Tessa Jowell announced confirmation of the budget announced earlier in 2007. In June 2007, the Ministerial Funders' Group (established to manage the allocation of contingency to the ODA within the overall budget) met and agreed a first allocation of contingency to the ODA, being £360 million out of the £500 million of initial contingency announced in March, to enable the ODA to manage early cost pressures.
Following its second meeting on 26 November 2007, the Funders' Group has now agreed a baseline budget and scope proposed by the ODA. The total budgeted base cost to be met by the public sector funding package remains at £6.090 billion including tax and excluding general programme contingency as announced in March. This includes the allocation to the ODA of the remaining £140 million from the initial £500 million contingency announced in March.
There have, however, been concerns over how the Olympics are to be funded. In February 2008, a London Assembly culture and sport committee report expressed concerns over the funding of the games taking away money from London's sports and arts groups. There have also been complaints that funding towards the Olympics has been to the detriment of funding other areas of the UK. In Wales, there has been criticism from Plaid Cymru about the games depriving Wales of money, by using UK-wide funding rather than English funding. The Wales on Sunday newspaper claimed former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair broke his promise to not use National Lottery funding for the Olympic games.
As at December 2009, the Delivery Authority had allocated £702 million of Programme and Funders' contingency, largely to cover the decisions to publicly fund the Village and Media Centre after it became clear private funding could not be secured on acceptable terms during the 2008 to 2010 economic crisis. According to the Government Olympic Executive and Olympic Delivery Authority risk assessments, the remaining £1,270 million contingency is sufficient to manage risks to the Delivery Authority's programme.
Also from May 2010, the Olympic budget will be cut by £27 million as part of the £6.2 billion cuts by the new Conservative-Liberal coalition government.
On 19 July 2011, Hugh Robertson, Sports & Olympic Minister, revealed that he expected the project to be delivered on time and under budget. "With one year to go to London 2012, the Games construction is 88 per cent complete and ahead of time and under budget. That is an extraordinary thing for a Government Minister to be able to say a year out from the Games."
Logo and graphics.
There have been two London 2012 logos: one for the bidding process created by Kino Design and a second as the brand for the Games themselves. The former is a ribbon with blue, yellow, black, green and red stripes winding through the text "LONDON 2012", making the shape of the River Thames in East London. The latter, designed by Wolff Olins, was published on 4 June 2007 and cost £400,000, as a representation of the number 2012, with the Olympic Rings embedded within the zero. The same logo will be used for the first time for both the Olympic and Paralympic games.
The standard colours are green, magenta, orange and blue. The logo colours have been modified to allow the incorporation of a variety of colours, including the Union Flag to promote the handover ceremony. Sebastian Coe at the launch of the logo said:The logo builds upon everything that the organising committee has said about reaching out and engaging young people, which is where our challenge is over the next five years.
Public reaction to the logo in June 2007 was largely negative, with more than 80% of votes gave the logo the lowest possible rating. Several newspapers have run their own logo competitions, displaying alternative submissions from their readers, while several writers from news agencies criticizing the logo. A segment of animated footage released at the same time as the logo was reported to trigger seizures in a small number of people with photosensitive epilepsy, and in response, a short segment was removed from the London 2012 website. In February 2011, Iran complained that the logo appeared to spell out the word "Zion" and threatened to boycott the Olympics, but eventually did not boycott. Alan Cowell from the New York Times said that people had compared the logo to "a broken swastika or a comical sex act between the Simpsons".
Opinions and comments.
Venues and infrastructure.
The 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games will use a mixture of new venues, existing and historic facilities, and temporary facilities, some of them in well-known locations such as Hyde Park and Horse Guards Parade. In the wake of the problems that plagued the Millennium Dome, the organisers' intention is that there will be no white elephants after the Games and instead that a "2012 legacy" will be delivered. Some of the new facilities will be reused in their Olympic form, while others, including the 80,000 seater main stadium, will be reduced in size or relocated elsewhere in the UK. The plans are part of the regeneration of Stratford in east London which will be the site of the Olympic Park, and of the neighbouring Lower Lea Valley.
This has required the compulsory purchase of some business properties, which are being demolished to make way for Olympic venues and infrastructure improvements. This has caused some controversy, with some of the affected proprietors claiming that the compensation offered is inadequate. In addition, concerns about the development's potential impact on the future of the century-old Manor Garden Allotments have inspired a community campaign, and the demolition of the Clays Lane housing estate was opposed by tenants.
The majority of venues have been divided into three zones within Greater London: the Olympic Zone, the River Zone and the Central Zone. In addition to these are those venues that, by necessity, are outside the boundaries of Greater London, such as the Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy on the Isle of Portland in Dorset which will host the sailing events, some 125 miles (200 km) southwest of the Olympic Park. The football tournament will be staged at several grounds around the UK.
Public transport.
London's public transport was an element of the bid which was scored poorly in the IOC's initial evaluation; however, they felt that if the improvements were delivered in time for the Games then London would cope. Transport for London (TfL) carried out numerous improvements in preparation for 2012, including the expansion of the London Overground's East London Line, upgrades to the Docklands Light Railway and the North London Line, and the introduction of a new "Javelin" high-speed rail service, using the Hitachi Corporation's "bullet" trains. The platforms at Stratford International station (which are at a height designed for Eurostar trains) will be temporarily raised to accommodate the Javelin trains. According to Network Rail, an additional 4,000 train services will run during the Games, and train operators will put on longer trains during the day.
During the Games, Stratford International station will not be served by any international services as Eurostar services will pass through the station without stopping. Passengers must change at London St Pancras and travel out to Stratford with the Javelin service to reach the Olympic Park. TfL have also announced that westbound trains will not stop at Hackney Wick railway station. Pudding Mill Lane DLR station, which is located within the boundary of the Olympic Park, will close entirely during the Games.
TfL has also built a £25 million cable car across the River Thames, the Emirates Air Line, to link 2012 Olympics venues. It was inaugurated in June 2012 and crosses the Thames between Greenwich Peninsula and the Royal Docks, carrying up to 2,500 passengers an hour at a heights above in the air. It is designed to cut journey times between the O2 arena and the ExCel exhibition centre – both of which are Olympic locations. The system could provide a crossing every 30 seconds.
The plan is to have 80% of athletes travel less than 20 minutes to their event and to have 93% of athletes within 30 minutes of their event. The Olympic Park would be served by ten separate railway lines with a combined capacity of 240,000 passengers per hour. In addition, the LOCOG planned for 90% of the venues to be served by three or more types of public transport. Two park-and-ride sites were off the M25 with a combined capacity of 12,000 cars 25 minutes away from the Olympic Park. Another park-and-ride site was planned in Ebbsfleet which would have capacity for 9,000 cars where spectators could board a 10-minute shuttle bus. To get spectators to Eton Dorney, four park-and-ride schemes were set up. Spectators would be dropped off at Windsor Racecourse with a bridge going over the Thames linking the racecourse to the rowing venue.
Some lanes on some roads in London will be dedicated to athletes, officials and VIPs.
Concerns have been expressed at the logistics of spectators travelling to the events outside London. In particular, the sailing events at Portland are in an area without direct motorway connections, and with local roads that are heavily congested by tourist traffic in the summer. However, the Weymouth area did undergo a major upgrade to its road infrastructure. A £77 million relief road connecting Weymouth to Dorchester was built and opened in 2011. Some £16 million was put aside for the rest of the improvements. In addition the plans removed five roundabouts to ease congestion and replaced them with traffic lights. But some residents were unhappy that the roundabouts were removed.
FirstGroup will provide the venue shuttle and park-and-ride services, services connecting peripheral park-and-ride sites on the M25 with the Olympic Park and Ebbsfleet, and a nationwide network of express coaches to the Olympic Park and the Weymouth and Portland sailing venue. The services will require around 900 vehicles in total, although some will be sub-contracted.
TfL have published information to encourage cycling as a mode of transport during the Games. Cyclists, like motorists, are not permitted to ride in the designated Olympic Lanes on London streets. Some designated cycle paths such as the Lea Valley towpath are closed to the public during the Olympics.
Financing.
The costs of mounting the Games are separate from those for building the venues and infrastructure, and redeveloping the land for the Olympic Park. While the Games are privately funded, the venues and Park costs are met largely by public money.
On 15 March 2007 Tessa Jowell announced to the House of Commons a budget of £5.3 billion to cover building the venues and infrastructure for the Games, at the same time announcing the wider regeneration budget for the Lower Lea Valley budget at £1.7 billion.
On top of this, she announced various other costs including an overall additional contingency fund of £2.7 billion, security and policing costs of £600 million, VAT of £800 million and elite sport and Paralympic funding of nearly £400 million. According to these figures, the total for the Games and the regeneration of the East London area, is £9.345 billion. Then Mayor Ken Livingstone pledged the Games Organising Committee would make a profit.
The costs for staging the Games (£2 billion) are funded from the private sector by a combination of sponsorship, merchandising, ticketing and broadcast rights. This budget is raised and managed by the London 2012 Organising Committee. According to Games organisers, the funding for this budget broadly breaks down as:
On 18 August 2007 "The Belfast Telegraph" reported that jubilation over winning the right to stage the Olympic Games was becoming more muted as realisation dawns on the public of the enormous costs involved in creating facilities for the athletes. Grassroot sport cuts will fund the Olympics, government figures suggested on 19 August 2007.
In November 2007, Edward Leigh MP, criticised the organisers for significantly underestimating the cost of staging the games, suggesting they had either "acted in bad faith or were incompetent".
There have, however, been concerns over how the Olympics are to be funded. In February 2008, a London Assembly culture and sport committee report expressed concerns over the funding of the games taking away money from London's sports and arts groups. There have also been complaints that funding towards the Olympics has been to the detriment of funding other areas of the UK. In Wales, there has been criticism from Plaid Cymru about the games depriving Wales of money, by using UK-wide funding rather than English funding. The Wales on Sunday newspaper claimed former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair broke his promise to not use National Lottery funding for the Olympic games.
As at December 2009, the Delivery Authority had allocated £702 million of Programme and Funders’ contingency, largely to cover the decisions to publicly fund the Village and Media Centre after it became clear private funding could not be secured on acceptable terms during the 2008 to 2010 economic crisis. According to the Government Olympic Executive and Olympic Delivery Authority risk assessments the remaining £1,270 million contingency is sufficient to manage risks to the Delivery Authority’s programme.
Also from May 2010, the Olympic budget will be cut by £27 million as part of the £6.2 billion cuts by the new Conservative-Liberal coalition government.

</doc>
<doc id="2929978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929978" title="Manhunt (1969 TV series)">
Manhunt (1969 TV series)

Manhunt is a World War II drama series consisting of 26 episodes, produced by London Weekend Television in 1969 and broadcast nationwide.
Synopsis.
British pilot Jimmy Porter (Alfred Lynch) crashes his aeroplane in occupied France and immediately finds himself on the run from the Nazis. He meets a young girl, Nina (Cyd Hayman), a part-Jewish agent with important information, and vows to get her back to Britain. He is helped by another agent, code-named Vincent (Peter Barkworth), and pursued across France by S.S. Officer Lutzig (Philip Madoc), and the ambivalent Abwehr Sgt. Gratz (Robert Hardy), a complex psychological character who is implied to fall in love with Nina. Unlike most previous war dramas, the Nazis were presented as more than just fanatical thugs. While Lutzig was close to the stereotype, although given great depth by Philip Madoc, Gratz could not have been more different. Unlike many similar dramas, Manhunt also portrayed in detail the rivalry between the SS and the Abwehr.
Cast.
In addition, Manhunt features many notable guest appearances, such as by Paul Darrow, John Savident, Julian Glover, Nerys Hughes, Tony Beckley, and Richard Hurndall.

</doc>
<doc id="2929999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929999" title="Třebíč District">
Třebíč District

Třebíč District ("Okres Třebíč" in Czech) is a district ("okres") in the Moravian part of Vysočina Region ("Vysočina") in the Czech Republic. Its capital is city Třebíč, the second largest city in the Vysočina Region, after Jihlava.
Village Senorady is (since January 1, 2005) part of Brno-Country District.

</doc>
<doc id="2930012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930012" title="Digital DawgPound">
Digital DawgPound

The Digital DawgPound (more commonly referred to as the "DDP") is a group of hackers, best known for a series of articles in hacker magazines such as "" and "Make", the longrunning webcast Binary Revolution Radio, and a very active set of forums with posts from high-profile hackers such as Strom Carlson, decoder, Phiber Optik and StankDawg. The stated mission of the DDP is to propagate a more positive image of hackers than the negative mass media stereotype. The group welcomes new members who want to learn about hacking, and attempts to teach them more positive aspects and steer them away from the negative aspects, by reinforcing the hacker ethic. Their goal is to show that hackers can, and regularly do, make positive contributions not only to technology, but to society as a whole.
History.
The DDP was originally founded and named by StankDawg. His stated reasons were that he had made many friends in the hacking scene and thought that it would be useful to have everyone begin working together in a more organized fashion. He was motivated by the fact that there had been other well known Hacker Groups in the 1980s who had accomplished great things in the hacking world such as the LoD and the MoD. In 1988, while a junior in high school, StankDawg came up with the name on his way to the "Sweet 16" computer programming competition. He jokingly referred to his teammates as "The Digital Dawgpound".
StankDawg lurked in the shadows of the hacking world for many years throughout college under many different pseudonyms. In 1997 he popped his head out into the public and began becoming more active on IRC and many smaller hacking forums. He saw some insanely brilliant people who seemed to have the same mindset and positive attitude towards hacking that he did, so he decided to approach a couple of them to see if they'd be interested. There was always a huge emphasis not only on technical competence and variety, but also on strength of character and integrity. DDP members are good programmers and hackers, but more importantly, they're good people. By 1999 the DDP had its first members and from this partnership, creativity flowed.
The DDP communicated and worked together on StankDawg's personal site, which was open to anyone who wanted to join in on the fun. StankDawg was never comfortable with the fact that it was his name that was on the domain and that many people who were coming to the site were coming because of his articles or presentations but not really appreciating all of the other great community members that were around. In 2002, after watching the web site grow quickly, it was decided that a new community needed to be created for these like-minded hackers who were gathering. This was the start of the biggest DDP project called Binary Revolution which was an attempt at starting a true "community" of hackers. As the site grew, so did the DDP roster.
Members.
Over the years, DDP membership has included several staff writers for "" and "Blacklisted! 411" magazine including StankDawg and bland_inquisitor. They frequently publish articles, provide content, and appear on many media sources across the global Interweb. DDP members are also regular speakers at hacking conferences such as DEF CON, H.O.P.E., and Interzone.
The majority of DDP members are college graduates and have professional experience in the computer industry. Some work for Fortune 500 companies, while others have been entrepreneurs who have created successful businesses. They hold memberships in Mensa and the International High IQ society.
Binary Revolution.
The best known of the DDP projects is that of Binary Revolution, or "BinRev". This project was created in an attempt to bring the hacking community back together, working towards a common, positive goal of reclaiming the name of hackers. The Binary Revolution emphasizes positive aspects of hacking and projects that help society. It does this in a variety of outlets including monthly meetings, the weekly radio show Binary Revolution Radio(BRR), a video-based series of shows called HackTV, and very active message board forums.
Binary Revolution Radio, often shortened to "BRR", is one small part of the binrev community. It is common for people to discover BRR on one of the many podcast sites or applications out there and not realize that the "Binary Revolution" refers to a larger community than just the radio show. When people refer to "BinRev" they should not be referring only to the radio show. They should be referring to the community of projects as a whole, specifically focusing on the forums.
Recognition.
The DDP maintains a blog "which they refer to as a "blawg". Posts by DDP members have been featured on other technology-related sites such as those of Make Magazine,
HackADay,
Hacked Gadgets, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2930014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930014" title="João de Deus">
João de Deus

João de Deus Ramos (March 8, 1830 – January 11, 1896), better known as João de Deus, was one of the greatest Portuguese poet of his generation.
Biography.
He was born in Silves, São Bartolomeu de Messines, in the province of Algarve, son of Pedro José Ramos (son of José dos Ramos and wife Joaquina Maria) and wife Isabel Gertrudes Martins (daughter of Manuel Martins and wife Gertrudes Angélica). Matriculating in the faculty of law at the University of Coimbra, he did not proceed to his degree but settled in the city, dedicating himself wholly to the composition of verses, which circulated among professors and undergraduates in manuscript copies.
In the volume of his art, as in the conduct of life, he practised a rigorous self-control. He printed nothing previous to 1855, and the first of his poems to appear in a separate form was "A Lata", in 1860. In 1862 he left Coimbra for Beja, where he was appointed editor of "O Bejense", the chief newspaper in the province of Alentejo, and four years later he edited the "Folha do Sul". As the pungent satirical verses entitled "Eleições" prove, he was not an ardent politician, and, though he was returned as deputy for the constituency of Silves on April 5, 1868, he acted independently of all political parties and when general elections were called the following year, he did not seek renewal of his mandate. The renunciation implied in the act, which cut him off from all advancement, is in accord with nearly all that is known of his lofty character.
In the year of his election as deputy, his friend José António Garcia Blanco collected from local journals the series of poems, "Flores do campo", which is supplemented by the "Ramo de flores" (1869). This is João de Deus' masterpiece.
"Pires de Marmelada" (1869) is an improvisation of no great merit. The four theatrical pieces -- "Amemos o nosso próximo", "Ser apresentado", "Ensaio de Casamento", and "A viúva inconsolável"—are prose translations from Méry, cleverly done, but not worth the doing. "Horácio e Lydia" (1872), a translation from Pierre de Ronsard, is a good example of artifice in manipulating that dangerously monotonous measure, the Portuguese couplet.
He married Guilhermina das Mercês Battaglia, born in Lisbon on July 12, 1849, daughter of António Battaglia, of Italian descent, and wife Maria Madalena Soares, and had two sons: José do Espírito Santo Battaglia Ramos (Lisbon, April 4, 1875 – Lisbon, April 20, 1943), who was created 1st Viscount of São Bartolomeu de Messines, who married Spanish María del Carmen Gómez y Sánchez (Lisbon, February 18, 1882 – Lisbon, October, 1919) and had issue; and João de Deus Ramos, who married Carmen Syder, of paternal English descent, and had female issue.
As an indication of a strong spiritual reaction three prose fragments (1873) "Anna, Mãe de Maria, A Virgem Maria" and "A Mulher do Levita de Ephraim" translated from Darboy's "Femmes de la Bible", are full of significance. The "Folhas soltas" (1876) is a collection of verse in the manner of "Flores do campo", brilliantly effective and exquisitely refined.
Within the next few years the writer turned his attention to educational problems, and in his "Cartilha maternal" (1876) first expressed the conclusions to which his study of Pestalozzi and Fröbel had led him. This patriotic, pedagogical apostolate was a misfortune for Portuguese literature; his educational mission absorbed João de Deus completely, and is responsible for numerous controversial letters, for a translation of Theodore-Henri Barraus' treatise, "Des devoirs des enfants envers leurs parents", for a prosodic dictionary, and for many other publications of no literary value. A copy of verses in António Vieira's "Grinalda de Maria" (1877), the "Loas da Virgem" (1878) and the "Provérbios de Salomão" are evidence of a complete return to orthodoxy during the poet's last years. By a lamentable error of judgment, some worthless pornographic verses entitled "Cryptinas" were inserted in the completest edition of João de Deus' poems — "Campo de Flores" (Lisbon, 1893).
He died in Lisbon on January 11, 1896, was accorded a public funeral and was buried in the National Pantheon, the Jeronymite church at Belém, where repose the remains of Camões. His remains were later moved to the Church of Santa Engrácia, the new National Pantheon. His scattered minor prose writings and correspondence have been posthumously published by Teófilo Braga (Lisbon, 1898).
Poetry.
Next to Camões and perhaps Garrett, no Portuguese poet has been more widely read, more profoundly admired than João de Deus; yet no poet in any country has been more indifferent to public opinion and more deliberately careless of personal fame. He is not responsible for any single edition of his poems, which were put together by pious but ill-informed enthusiasts, who ascribed to him verses that he had not written; he kept no copies of his compositions, seldom troubled to write them himself, and was content for the most part to dictate them to others. He has no great intellectual force, no philosophic doctrine, is limited in theme as in outlook, is curiously uncertain in his touch, often marring a fine poem with a slovenly rhyme or with a misplaced accent; and, on the only occasion when he was induced to revise a set of proofs, his alterations were nearly all for the worse. And yet, though he never appealed to the patriotic spirit, though he wrote nothing at all comparable in force or majesty to the restrained splendour of "Os Lusíadas", the popular instinct which links his name with that of his great predecessor is eminently just. For Camões was his model; not the Camões of the epic, but the Camões of the lyrics and the sonnets, where the passion of tenderness finds its supreme utterance.
Braga has noted five stages of development in João de Deus' artistic life: the imitative, the idyllic, the lyric, the pessimistic and the devout phases. Under each of these divisions is included much that is of extreme interest, especially to contemporaries who have passed through the same succession of emotional experience, and it is highly probable that "Caturras" and "Gaspar", pieces as witty as anything in Bocage but free from Bocage's coarse impiety, will always interest literary students. But it is as the singer of love that João de Deus will delight posterity as he delighted his own generation. The elegiac music of Rachel and of ma, the melancholy of "Adeus" and of "Remoinho", the tender and sincerity of "Meu casto lírio", of "Lágrima celeste", of "Descale" and a score more songs are distinguished by the large, vital simplicity which withstands time. It is precisely in the quality of unstudied simplicity that João de Deus is incomparably strong. The temptations to a display of virtuosity are almost irresistible for a Portuguese poet; he has the tradition of virtuosity in his blood, he has before him the example of all contemporaries, and he has at hand an instrument of wonderful sonority and compass. Yet not once is João de Deus clamorous or rhetorical, not once does he indulge in idle ornament. His prevailing note is that of exquisite sweetness and of reverent purity; yet with all his caressing softness he is never sentimental, and, though he has not the strength for a long fight, emotion has seldom been set to more delicate music. Had he included among his other gifts the gift of selection, had he continued the poetic discipline of his youth instead of dedicating his powers to a task which, well as he performed it, might have been done no less well by a much lesser man, there is scarcely any height to which he might not have risen.

</doc>
<doc id="2930017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930017" title="Avinash Dixit">
Avinash Dixit

Avinash Kamalakar Dixit (born August 6, 1944 in Bombay, India) is an Indian-American economist. He is currently John J. F. Sherrerd '52 University Professor of Economics Emeritus at Princeton University, Distinguished Adjunct Professor of Economics at Lingnan University (Hong Kong) and Senior Research Fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford.
Education.
Dixit received a B.Sc. from Bombay University in 1963 in Mathematics and Physics, a B.A. from Cambridge University in 1965 in Mathematics (Corpus Christi College, First Class), and a Ph.D. in 1968 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Economics.
Career.
Dixit has been the John J. F. Sherrerd '52 University Professor of Economics at Princeton University since July 1989. He is also Distinguished Adjunct Professor of Economics at Lingnan University (Hong Kong) and Senior Research Fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. He previously taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, at the University of California, Berkeley, at Balliol College, Oxford and at the University of Warwick. In 1994 Dixit received the first-ever CES Fellow Award from the Center for Economic Studies at the University of Munich.
Dixit has also held visiting scholar positions at the International Monetary Fund and the Russell Sage Foundation. He was President of the Econometric Society in 2001, and was Vice-President (2002) and President (2008) of the American Economic Association. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992 and the National Academy of Sciences in 2005.
With Robert Pindyck he is author of “Investment Under Uncertainty” (Princeton University Press, 1994; ISBN 0691034109), the first text-book exclusively about the real options approach to investments, and described as “a born-classic” [http://marcoagd.usuarios.rdc.puc-rio.br/bib_d&p.html] in view of its importance to the theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2930023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930023" title="Rahachow">
Rahachow

Rahachow (, , Łacinka: "Rahačoŭ") is a town in the Gomel Region of Belarus. It is center of Rahachow District. Rahachow is located at , between the Drut and Dnieper rivers. The population is 34,727 (2004 estimate).
The town is first mentioned in 1142 in Russian chronicles. From the late thirteenth century it was part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and then the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. In 1772 the Rahachow district was annexed by the Russian Empire. 
On 16 July 1863 the local landowner Tomasz Hryniewicz was executed here by a Russian firing squad for leading the Rahachow detachment of Polish insurgents. 
The notable Rabbi, Yosef Rosen (1858–1936), known as the Rogatchover Gaon ("The Genius of Rogatchov" (the Yiddish pronunciation of Rahachow)), was born and raised here. The artist Anatoli Lvovich Kaplan was born (1902) and brought up here, as was former NHL hockey player Sergei Bautin. Rahachow also has a popular dairy product factory in it, whose products are supplied across Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="2930024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930024" title="Yip">
Yip

YIP can refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2930044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930044" title="Tom Farmer">
Tom Farmer

Sir Thomas "Tom" Farmer, CVO, CBE, KCSG, FRSE, DL (born 10 July 1940) is a Scottish entrepreneur.
One of seven siblings in a devoutly Catholic family, in 1964 Farmer founded his own tyre retailing business which he sold in 1969 for £450,000. Farmer retired to the United States, but became bored and decided to find a new challenge. He returned to Edinburgh to found the Kwik-Fit chain of garages in 1971. The firm grew quickly, mainly through acquisition, including opening in the Netherlands in 1975. Known to be involved in fitting tyres of customers' cars, Farmer was named Scottish Businessman of the Year in 1989. After building the chain to become the world's largest independent tyre and automotive repair specialists with over 2,000 centres operating in 18 different countries, Farmer sold the firm to Ford in 1999 for more than £1 billion. He is the first Scot to be awarded the prestigious Andrew Carnegie Medal for philanthropy. 
In 2006, he donated £100,000 to the Scottish National Party to help fund their campaign for the 2007 Scottish Parliament general election. Farmer commented at the time that it was not an indication of his political allegiance but that he wanted the SNP to be able to compete financially with their better-funded political opponents. Farmer repeated his endorsement for the SNP in the 2011 election.
Farmer was made a Knight Commander with Star of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, a high honour that the Catholic Church can bestow on a layman. He was also knighted by Queen Elizabeth in 1997. He is a supporter of the international development charity Mary's meals.
Farmer owns 90% of Hibernian, a professional football club based in Edinburgh. He invested nearly £3 million to rescue the club from receivership and he continued to fund developments of Easter Road and financial losses made by the club. Before his intervention, the club had been threatened during 1990 by an attempted takeover by Wallace Mercer, the owner of their Edinburgh derby rivals Hearts. Farmer has admitted that he has no great love of football, and he rarely attends matches. He felt it was important to the local community that Hibs should continue to exist, as he was informed by campaigners that his grandfather had saved the club from bankruptcy approximately 100 years earlier. Farmer has delegated control of Hibs to other figures, such as Rod Petrie.
Farmer lives in Edinburgh, with his wife of 43 years, Anne. They have one daughter, one son and three grandchildren. Farmer also owns the island of Inchkeith in the Firth of Forth. In 2007 after Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh was awarded full university status, he was named as founding Chancellor having been associated with the institution for several years.
Farmer was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in the 2009 New Year Honours for his work as chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2930053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930053" title="Al Wilson (singer)">
Al Wilson (singer)

Allen LaMar "Al" Wilson (June 19, 1939 – April 21, 2008) was an American soul singer known for the million-selling #1 hit, "Show and Tell". He is also remembered for his Northern soul anthem, "The Snake".
Career.
Wilson was born in Meridian, Mississippi. He showed little interest in education but performed in school plays, sang in talent shows and won first prize in a local art contest.
He began his career at the age of twelve leading his own spiritual quartet and singing in the church choir, and performing covers of country and western hits. While he was in high school, Wilson and his family relocated to San Bernardino, California, where he worked odd jobs as a mail carrier, a janitor, and an office clerk, in addition to teaching himself to play drums. After graduation he spent four years touring with Johnny Harris and the Statesmen, before joining the U.S. Navy, and singing with an enlisted men's chorus. He also developed his stand-up comedy routine in case he did not succeed as a singer.
After a two-year military stint, Wilson settled in Los Angeles, touring the local nightclub circuit before joining the R&B vocal group the Jewels; from there he landed with the Rollers, followed by a stint with the instrumental combo the Souls. In 1966, Wilson signed with manager Marc Gordon, who quickly sought his client an a cappella audition for Johnny Rivers. Wilson was signed to the Soul City imprint, but Rivers also produced the sessions that yielded the 1968 U.S. R&B hit single "The Snake" (U.S. Pop #27), which became popular on the Northern Soul circuit in the United Kingdom. It also provided Wilson with his only UK Singles Chart hit, reaching #41 in 1975. The minor hit "Do What You Gotta Do" appeared that same year. In 1969, Wilson charted with his cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Lodi" (U.S. #67), and Rivers' own "Poor Side Of Town" (U.S. #75).
Wilson largely disappeared from sight until 1973, when he issued "Show And Tell" — the album's success was matched by the single "Show and Tell", which sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the R.I.A.A. in December 1973.
"The La La Peace Song", released in 1974, proved another hit although O. C. Smith also recorded a version and sales suffered as a result. Two years later in 1976 Wilson recorded "I've Got a Feeling We'll Be Seeing Each Other Again" for Playboy Records which reached #3 in the R&B chart. He tried to leave Playboy Records, but was unable to get a release from his recording contract. Two years later the label folded. With 1979's "Count the Days" Wilson scored his final chart hit, however, and he spent the next two decades touring clubs and lounges; in 2001 he re-recorded his hits for the album "Spice of Life".
In March 2007 many of his original master tapes were lost to a fire that swept through his home garage he had converted into a recording studio.
Wilson's recording of "The Snake" was featured in a Lambrini advert in the UK.
Death.
Wilson died on April 21, 2008 of kidney failure, in Fontana, California, at the age of 68. He was buried at the Evergreen Cemetery in Riverside, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2930061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930061" title="Carbon monoxide detector">
Carbon monoxide detector

A carbon monoxide detector or CO detector is a device that detects the presence of the carbon monoxide (CO) gas in order to prevent carbon monoxide poisoning. In the late 1990s Underwriters Laboratories (UL) changed their definition of a single station CO detector with a sound device in it to a carbon monoxide (CO) alarm. This applies to all CO safety alarms that meet UL 2034; however for passive indicators and system devices that meet UL 2075, UL refers to these as carbon monoxide detectors. CO is a colorless, tasteless and odorless compound produced by incomplete combustion of carbon containing materials. It is often referred to as the "silent killer" because it is virtually undetectable without using detection technology and most do not realise they are being poisoned. Elevated levels of CO can be dangerous to humans depending on the amount present and length of exposure. Smaller concentrations can be harmful over longer periods of time while increasing concentrations require diminishing exposure times to be harmful.
CO detectors are designed to measure CO levels over time and sound an alarm before dangerous levels of CO accumulate in an environment, giving people adequate warning to safely ventilate the area or evacuate. Some system-connected detectors also alert a monitoring service that can dispatch emergency services if necessary.
While CO detectors do not serve as smoke detectors and vice versa, dual smoke/CO detectors are also sold. Smoke detectors detect the smoke generated by flaming or smoldering fires, whereas CO detectors detect and warn people about dangerous CO buildup caused, for example, by a malfunctioning fuel-burning device. In the home, some common sources of CO include open flames, space heaters, water heaters, blocked chimneys or running a car inside a garage.
Installation.
The devices, which retail for $15–$60 USD and are widely available, can either be battery-operated or AC powered (with or without a battery backup). Battery lifetimes have been increasing as the technology has developed and certain battery powered devices now advertise a battery lifetime of over 6 years. Some smoke detectors are equipped with an internal rechargeable battery backup that recharges when the detector is receiving AC power. All CO detectors have "test" buttons like smoke detectors.
CO detectors can be placed near the ceiling or near the floor because CO is very close to the same density as air.
Since CO is colorless, tasteless and odorless (unlike smoke from a fire), detection in a home environment is impossible without such a warning device. It is a highly toxic inhalant and attaches to the hemoglobin (in the blood stream) with an affinity 200x stronger than oxygen, producing inadequate amounts of oxygen traveling through the body. In North America, detectors are required in new construction in the U.S. states of Alaska, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington (also in existing homes with some exemptions), Wisconsin and West Virginia, as well as New York City and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Alberta (homes with a secondary suite or new homes with a fuel-burning appliance).
When carbon monoxide detectors were introduced into the market, they had a limited lifespan of 2 years. However technology developments have increased this and many now advertise up to 7 years. Newer models are designed to signal a need to be replaced after that time-span although there are many instances of detectors operating far beyond this point.
According to the 2005 edition of the carbon monoxide guidelines, NFPA 720, published by the National Fire Protection Association, sections 5.1.1.1 and 5.1.1.2, all CO detectors “shall be centrally located outside of each separate sleeping area in the immediate vicinity of the bedrooms,” and each detector “shall be located on the wall, ceiling or other location as specified in the installation instructions that accompany the unit.”
According to the 2009 edition of the IRC, published by the International Code Council, section R315.1, "For new construction, an approved carbon monoxide alarm shall be installed outside of each separate sleeping area in the immediate vicinity of the bedrooms in dwelling units within which fuel-fired appliances are installed and in dwelling units that have attached garages", and section 315.2, "Where work requiring a permit occurs in existing dwellings that have attached garages or in existing dwellings within which fuel-fired appliances exist, carbon monoxide alarms shall be provided in accordance with Section R315.1."
Installation locations vary by manufacturer. Manufacturers’ recommendations differ to a certain degree based on research conducted with each one’s specific detector. Therefore, make sure to read the provided installation manual for each detector before installing.
CO detectors are available as stand-alone models or system-connected, monitored devices. System-connected detectors, which can be wired to either a security or fire panel, are monitored by a central station. In case the residence is empty, the residents are sleeping or occupants are already suffering from the effects of CO, the central station can be alerted to the high concentrations of CO gas and can send the proper authorities to investigate.
The gas sensors in CO alarms have a limited and indeterminable life span, typically two to five years. The test button on a CO alarm only tests the battery and circuitry, not the sensor. CO alarms should be tested with an external source of calibrated test gas, as recommended by the latest version of NFPA 720. Alarms over five years old should be replaced but they should be checked on installation and at least annually during the manufacturers warranty period.
Sensors.
Early designs were basically a white pad which would fade to a brownish or blackish color if carbon monoxide was present. Such chemical detectors were cheap and were widely available, but only give a visual warning of a problem. As carbon monoxide related deaths increased during the 1990s, audible alarms became standard.
The alarm points on carbon monoxide detectors are not a simple alarm level (as in smoke detectors) but are a concentration-time function. At lower concentrations (e.g. 100 parts per million) the detector will not sound an alarm for many tens of minutes. At 400 parts per million (PPM), the alarm will sound within a few minutes. This concentration-time function is intended to mimic the uptake of carbon monoxide in the body while also preventing false alarms due to relatively common sources of carbon monoxide such as cigarette smoke.
There are four types of sensors available and they vary in cost, accuracy and speed of response, listed below. The latter three types include sensor elements that typically last up to 10 years. At least one CO detector is available which includes a battery and sensor in a replaceable module. Most CO detectors do not have replaceable sensors.
Opto-chemical.
The detector consists of a pad of a coloured chemical which changes colour upon reaction with carbon monoxide. They only provide a qualitative warning of the gas however. The main advantage of these detectors is that they are the lowest cost, but the downside is that they also offer the lowest level of protection.
Biomimetic.
A biomimetic sensor works in a fashion similar to hemoglobin which darkens in the presence of CO proportional to the amount of carbon monoxide in the surrounding environment. It uses cyclodextrins, a chromophore, and a number of metal salts. This can either be seen directly or connected to an infrared source of photons such as an IR LED and then monitored using a photodiode. Battery lifespan usually lasts 2–3 years with conventional alkaline, but a lithium battery will last the life of the product. The biotechnology based sensors have a useful operational life of 6 years. These products were the first to enter the mass market, but because they cost more than other sensors they are mostly used in higher-end areas and RVs. The technology has been improved and is the most reliable technology, according to a report from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. The technology is the only one tested false alarm free and is preferred by those with larger facilities like hospitals, hotels and apartments that use air fresheners, alcohols and other disinfectants where the cost of one false alarm is very high. This technology was invented in the United States and is manufactured in California.
Electrochemical.
This is a type of fuel cell that instead of being designed to produce power, is designed to produce a current that is precisely related to the amount of the target gas (in this case carbon monoxide) in the atmosphere. Measurement of the current gives a measure of the concentration of carbon monoxide in the atmosphere. Essentially the electrochemical cell consists of a container, 2 electrodes, connection wires and an electrolyte - typically sulfuric acid. Carbon monoxide is oxidized at one electrode to carbon dioxide while oxygen is consumed at the other electrode. For carbon monoxide detection, the electrochemical cell has advantages over other technologies in that it has a highly accurate and linear output to carbon monoxide concentration, requires minimal power as it is operated at room temperature, and has a long lifetime (typically commercial available cells now have lifetimes of 5 years or greater). Until recently, the cost of these cells and concerns about their long term reliability had limited uptake of this technology in the marketplace, although these concerns are now largely overcome. This technology is now the dominant technology in USA and Europe.
Semiconductor.
Thin wires of the semiconductor tin dioxide on an insulating ceramic base provide a sensor monitored by an integrated circuit. This sensing element needs to be heated to approximately 400 °C in order to operate. Oxygen increases resistance of the tin dioxide while carbon monoxide reduces resistance. The integrated circuit monitors the resistance of the sensing element. Lifespans are approximately five to 10 years.
The large power demand of this sensor means that it is usually powered from the mains. A battery-powered, pulsed sensor is available with a lifetime in months.
This technology has traditionally found high utility in Japan and the far east with some market penetration in USA. However the superior performance of electrochemical cell technology is beginning to displace this technology.
Digital.
Although all home detectors use an audible alarm signal as the primary indicator, some versions also offer a digital readout of the CO concentration, in parts per million. Typically, they can display both the current reading and a peak reading from memory of the highest level measured over a period of time. These advanced models cost somewhat more but are otherwise similar to the basic models.
The digital models offer the advantage of being able to observe levels that are below the alarm threshold, learn about levels that may have occurred during an absence, and assess the degree of hazard if the alarm sounds. They may also aid emergency responders in evaluating the level of past or ongoing exposure or danger.
Portable.
Portable CO detectors are also available; these are typically used for professional applications or in some cases by consumers such as property managers for maintenance and diagnosis issues (i.e. sourcing a CO leak). Most offer real time measurements of CO down to a few ppm (usually shown on a digital display), and are more expensive than home safety CO detectors (e.g. ~$250 vs $25). Although Kidde & First Alert dominate the home detector market, there are several manufacturers of portable detectors, such as KWJ Engineering (Pocket CO), Quantum Group, Bacharach, Drager, Industrial Scientific, Fluke, RKI, Sensorcon, and Zellweger (now owned by Honeywell). There are two types of portable detectors, one that is designed for aircraft, cars and trucks. They will warn the driver and passenger if there is a CO hazard. Another type is used by industrial hygienists and first reponders. Digital, fast responsing portable type CO detectors are usually a better choice for real time "on the go" applications as they respond to low levels of CO in seconds rather than minutes or hours (which is the case for UL2034 listed residential alarm).
Wireless.
Wireless home safety solutions are available that link carbon monoxide detectors to vibrating pillow pads, strobes or a remote warning handset. This allows those with impediments such as hard of hearing, partially sighted, heavy sleepers or the infirm the precious minutes to wake up and get out in the event of carbon monoxide in their property.
Legislation in the United States.
The installation of CO detectors is imperative to ensure protection from inhalation of toxic gas. More and more states are legislating for their installation as a mandatory feature.
In New York State, "Amanda's Law" (A6093A/C.367) requires one- and two-family residences which have fuel burning appliances to have at least one carbon monoxide alarm installed on the lowest story having a sleeping area, effective since February 22, 2010. Although homes built before Jan. 1, 2008 are allowed to have battery-powered alarms, homes built after that date need to have hard-wired alarms. In addition, New York State contractors have to install a carbon monoxide detector when replacing a fuel burning water heater or furnace if the home is without an alarm. The law is named for Amanda Hansen, a teenager who died from carbon monoxide poisoning from a defective boiler while at a sleepover at a friend's house.
Alaska House Bill 351 requires a carbon monoxide detector be installed in dwelling units that contain or are serviced by a carbon based fuel appliance or other device that produces by products of combustion.
In July 2011, California required installation of carbon monoxide detectors in existing single-family homes, with multifamily homes following in 2013.
Standards.
The Canadian Mortgage and Housing Association reports, "The standards organizations of Canada (CSA) and the United States (Underwriters Laboratories or UL) have coordinated the writing of CO standards and product testing. The standards as of 2010 prohibit showing CO levels of less than 30 ppm on digital displays. The most recent standards also require the alarm to sound at higher levels of CO than with previous editions of the standard. The reasoning behind these changes is to reduce calls to fire stations, utilities and emergency response teams when the levels of CO are not life threatening. This change will also reduce the number of calls to these agencies due to detector inaccuracy or the presence of other gases. Consequently, new alarms will not sound at CO concentrations up to 70 ppm. Note that these concentrations are significantly in excess of the Canadian health guidelines."

</doc>
<doc id="2930079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930079" title="Special information tones">
Special information tones

In telephony, a special information tone (SIT) is an in-band international standard signal consisting of three rising tones indicating a call has failed. It usually precedes a recorded announcement describing the problem.
Because the SIT is well known in many countries, callers can understand their call failed even though they do not understand the language of the recorded announcement (e.g., when calling internationally) instead of assuming the recording is voicemail or some other intended function.
Like a dial tone or busy signal, the SIT is an in-band signal intended both to be heard by the caller, and to be detected by automated dialing equipment to determine a call failed. In North America, the AT&T/Bellcore SIT standard allows the frequency and duration of the tones to vary slightly - making eight distinct messages specifically for automated equipment; indicating not only the call failed, but also the specific reason for the failure (e.g., disconnected number, busy circuits, dialing error, etc.). The equipment can then make an intelligent choice about what to do next. If the circuits were busy, calling back later makes sense; if the number was disconnected, then the calling back is futile. The eight SIT signals are defined below and accompanied by audio files.
As an alternative to the in-band SIT tone and recording, SS7 allows call progress advisories to be played/displayed to callers in their own language.
International Telecommunication Union definition.
A SIT, as defined by the ITU - Telecommunications Standardization Sector (ITU-T), consists of a sequence of three precise tone segments with frequencies of 950 ±50 Hz, 1400 ±50 Hz, and 1800 ±50 Hz, sent in that order.
Each segment is allowed a duration of 330 ±70 ms with a silent interval of up to 30 ms between segments. The nominal tone level is -24 dBm0 (decibels relative to 1 mW measured at the 0 dB TLP) with limits of ±1.5 dB measured with a continuous tone.
The difference in level between any two segments is required to be less than 3 dB.
These requirements apply at the point the tones are sent on the network.
AT&T/Bellcore Standard SIT composition.
The AT&T SIT follows the above ITU standard but uses more tightly controlled signals within the ITU limits to signal the condition encountered. By using slight variations of tone frequencies and durations, the AT&T SIT conveys to automated equipment why the call failed. The ITU specification requires the frequency to be within ±50 Hz of a nominal value. AT&T deliberately transmits a frequency that varies from the ITU nominal; it is about 35 Hz high to signal one set of conditions or about 35 Hz low to signal another set. Similarly, AT&T also modulates the duration of the tone within the ITU limits of 330±70 ms. Using this scheme, AT&T could encode six bits of information, representing 64 different combinations; only four bits are actually used, encoding eight different conditions, with eight further combinations currently left unused.
In the Bellcore specification the first and second tone segments "vary based on the condition encountered": having either a short or long duration, and either a lower or higher part of the frequency band allowed by the ITU-T. The third tone segment may be of long or short duration but is limited to the lower frequency state. Currently, the third tone segment has been assigned both a fixed long duration and a fixed lower frequency. This fixed assignment of the third tone provides a reference or calibration point for detection devices.
Frequencies for use in SITs.
The interval between the segments of SITs is between 0 and 4 ms. To minimize the number of callers who may abandon the call without listening to the announcement, the nominal time gap between the third tone segment and the beginning of the announcement is set as close to zero as possible, with an allowed maximum of 100 ms.
SIT example recordings and encoding scheme.
"Note that recordings below play each SIT sequence two times." 
Other uses.
Because many predictive dialers (used in telemarketing) respond to SITs, consumer devices such as the TeleZapper play an Intercept SIT to trick the telemarketer's equipment into flagging a called number as disconnected.
Alternatively, the above recordings of SITs could be used on a voicemail or answering machine, or played manually on a computer, to achieve a similar effect.

</doc>
<doc id="2930086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930086" title="Crawler (BEAM)">
Crawler (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a Crawler is a robot that has a mode of locomotion by tracks or by transferring the robot's body on limbs or appendages. These do not drag parts of their body on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="2930089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930089" title="New York City Teaching Fellows">
New York City Teaching Fellows

The NYC Teaching Fellows is an alternative certification program that aims to improve the quality of education in New York City public schools by attracting mid-career professionals, recent graduates, and retirees from all over the country. The program provides teacher training, coursework, and resources. Fellows may be eligible for a fast track into full-time teaching positions in New York City public schools.
History.
The NYC Teaching Fellows program launched in the spring of 2000 as a collaboration between The New Teacher Project (TNTP) and the NYC Department of Education to address the most severe teacher shortage in New York’s public school system in decades. Over the past ten years, NYC Teaching Fellows has become the largest alternative certification program in the country and has provided NYC public schools with over 13,500 new teachers. 
Since 2000, the NYC Teaching Fellows program has helped to staff the highest need subject areas in New York City’s highest-need schools. Today, 11% of current teachers in NYC public schools came through the Teaching Fellows program, with 8,800 teachers from the NYC Teaching Fellows program currently teaching NYC public school students as of the 2009-2010 school-year.
What is the Fellowship.
As an alternative route to teaching certification, the NYC Teaching Fellows program is designed for individuals with no prior experience teaching in public schools. Rather than completing a traditional teacher education program prior to entering the classroom, Fellows go through an intensive pre-service training program and pursue a partially subsidized Master's degree in education while teaching at a New York City public school. 
Individuals that are already certified to teach or have extensive coursework in education are not eligible for the Fellowship and should visit [http://www.teachnyc.net], to learn about other pathways to becoming a NYC public school teacher. 
While completing their Master’s degree, Fellows work under the Transitional B certificate issued by the New York State Department of Education. The Transitional B certificate is issued only to individuals who are enrolled in and remain in good standing with an alternative certification program. For Fellows, this means they must obtain a full-time teaching position at a NYC public school and must be working toward a Master’s degree in education.
Fellows are required to continue teaching at a NYC public school for the duration of their Master’s degree, which can take between two and three years to complete. Upon completion of the Master’s degree, Fellows are eligible to apply for the Initial Certificate with the NewYork State Department of Education. The Initial Certificate allows Fellows to teach anywhere in New York State; however, the NYC Teaching Fellows program encourages Fellows to continue teaching in NYC public schools beyond the duration of the Fellowship.
Impact of the Program.
NYC Teaching Fellows make up 11% of the entire teaching force in New York City, and each year, they account for a significant share of new teacher hires in high-need subject areas such as special education. Overall, 22% of all special education teachers, 18% of all science teachers, and 26% of all math teachers in New York City are Fellows. 84% of Fellows teach in schools that are eligible to receive funding due to a high population of students from low-income families (Title I).
A recently released report published by the Urban Institute credits the NYC Teaching Fellows for improving teacher quality in high-need schools in New York City, and consequently, helping to close the achievement gap and produce better outcomes for students.
Retention.
The retention rate of New York City Teaching Fellows exceeds the national average, with 87% of NYC Teaching Fellows completing their first year of teaching and beginning a second year of teaching, 73% teaching for at least three years, and half teaching at least five years. Fellows have also begun taking on leadership positions, with 398 Fellows currently serving as Principals and Assistant Principals in NYC public schools.
Placement.
After successfully completing pre-service training, Fellows are eligible to secure a full-time teaching position at a NYC public school. The NYC Teaching Fellows program supports Fellows in their job search by providing them access to job postings, school interview events, and Department of Education job fairs. However, Fellows ultimately find their own teaching positions in order to ensure a good match between the teacher and the school. The NYC Teaching Fellows program recruits Fellows in the subject areas where there are anticipated vacancies and does not guarantee job placement for its Fellows in NYC public schools. As a result, some Fellows begin the school year without full-time teaching positions. Because Fellows benefit from a tuition subsidy from the NYC Department of Education, these Fellows are given a deadline to find positions or face dismissal from the program. June 2013 Fellows who did not secure positions by the beginning of the 2013-2014 school year have until January of 2014. 96% of June 2013 Fellows secured teaching positions by the first day of school. 
Controversy.
At the beginning of the school year of 2008, more than 100 first-year Fellows did not have a job, more than any other year. The NYC Teaching Fellows canceled the mid-year cohort for the first time in response to so many Fellows not finding a job. By the time the original December 5 deadline for finding a job came around, a little less than 100 were still without jobs. The United Federation of Teachers filed a lawsuit against the Department of Education, maintaining that the Fellows without an official placement, many of whom were still teaching full course loads, should not be laid off. The court granted an injunction, suspending the December 5th firing date until February 2, at the end of the semester. It is not known how many Fellows did not have a job by the new deadline.

</doc>
<doc id="2930090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930090" title="Jarden">
Jarden

Jarden Corporation, is a provider of a diverse range of consumer products with a portfolio of over 100 brands sold globally, operating in three primary business segments - Outdoor Solutions, Consumer Solutions and Branded Consumables. In 2012, Jarden was ranked #371 on the Fortune 500. On August 30, 2013, Jarden's market capitalization was approximately US $4.84 billion and the company had over 25,000 employees worldwide.
History.
In April 1993, Ball Corporation spun off its canning business as a new company called Alltrista Corporation. In May 2002, Alltrista changed its name to Jarden Corporation. The spin-off retained the trademarks to the names Kerr, Ball, and Bernardin.
In April 2002, Jarden Corporation acquired Tilia International, Inc. for approximately $160 million, which included the Foodsaver® Brand. In February 2003, Jarden purchased substantially all of the assets of Diamond Brands, Incorporated and Diamond Brands Operating Corp, (formerly Diamond Match) for approximately $108 million. Trademarks acquired included Diamond and Forster. In September 2003, Jarden acquired Lehigh Consumer Products Corporation for approximately $155 million. Trademarks acquired included Crawford, Lehigh, and Leslie-Locke.
In March 2004, Jarden acquired Loew-Cornell, a maker of brushes and other arts and crafts supplies. In June 2004, Jarden bought a 75% stake in privately held The United States Playing Card Company, and in October 2004 it purchased the remaining 25%. Trademarked brands acquired included Bee, Bicycle, Aviator, and Hoyle. The purchase price was approximately $240 million.
In January 2005, Jarden acquired American Household, Inc, for approximately $845 million. The corporation owned the Coleman Company, and Sunbeam Products, Inc. Brands acquired as part of this acquisition included Coleman, First Alert, Sunbeam, Mr. Coffee, and Oster. For background, in March 1998, Sunbeam Corporation acquired the The Coleman Company, Inc. and Coleman Powermate. In December 2002, Sunbeam Corporation filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy and canceled its common stock. When it emerged from bankruptcy, Sunbeam changed its name to American Household, Inc., a privately held company.
In July 2005, Jarden acquired The Holmes Group, Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of select home environment and small kitchen electrics, for approximately $420 million in cash and approximately 6.2 million shares of Jarden common stock. Brands acquired included Holmes, Rival, and Crock-Pot.
In August 2006, Jarden acquired Pine Mountain firelogs and firestarters from Conros Corporation for approximately $150 million.
In August 2007, Jarden acquired K2 Sports for approximately US$ 1.2 billion. K2 included brands such as Marker, Marmot, Rawlings, Sevylor, Shakespeare, and Völkl under its umbrella. Jarden also acquired Pure Fishing, Inc. in April 2007 for approximately $400 million.
In April 2010, Jarden acquired the Mapa Spontex Baby Care and Home Care businesses for a total value, including debt assumed and/or repaid, of approximately $415 million. Later in 2010, Jarden acquired Quickie Manufacturing Corporation and Aero Products International, Inc. Brands acquired in these two transactions included Quickie, Aero, and Aerobed, among others.
In September 2013, Jarden acquired the Yankee Candle Company, the largest US candle company for $1.75 billion with cash, common equity and a mix of bank debt and bonds, a deal which Bank of America's Stefan M. Selig helped bring about.
History of Jarden's Name.
The company was renamed in May 2002. The company's previous name, Alltrista, was created by dropping the "B" from Ball and the "Minne" from Minnetrista, the street on which the Ball family had grown up in Muncie, IN. Between 1993 and 2001, as a public company, Alltrista did not perform well and, after Martin E. Franklin and Ian G.H. Ashken joined the company in 2001, Mr. Franklin decided to change the name of the company to something that represented not only the company’s heritage, but also its future. The company did not hire any consultants to assist with the naming process. Martin Franklin conceived the Jarden name by combining the heritage of the Ball "Jar" with the concept of products being used in the home (the “den”). The coinage of “Jarden” also invoked the connotation of the French word for garden (jardin), since the company planned to expand its product range outside the home.
Lawsuits.
In January 2006, a class action lawsuit was filed against Jarden Corp and its CEO for securities fraud. A settlement of $8,000,000 was reached in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2930095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930095" title="Proof Positive (TV series)">
Proof Positive (TV series)

Proof Positive was a reality television paranormal investigation show broadcast by the SciFi Channel (now SyFy) beginning in October 6, 2004 through December 8, 2004. It was shown as part of the "SciFi Wednesday" evening schedule line up in the United States along with other reality television programs as "Scare Tactics" and "Ghost Hunters". "Proof Positive" ran for ten episodes. 
The show was hosted by actress Amanda Tapping of "Stargate SG-1" and "Sanctuary".
Episode format.
During the first three segments of the program, the show investigated three different unexplained phenomena subjects such as ghost hauntings, remote viewing, past life regression, alien abductions and UFO sightings. During the fourth and final segment of the program, the show takes whatever evidence was gathered and hands it over to professionals for examination. For example; a video tape with alleged UFO footage would be examined by professional video or special effects experts to determine if the footage is genuine or fake. Once the evidence is examined, the show reveals the findings. 
Only one of the segments in each episode would be given a proof positive. Before the commercial break at the end of the third segment, the audience would be asked which of the three segments they think would be concluded positive.
The program's purpose was to only validate the authenticity of evidence from a paranormal encounter and not to prove that the paranormal activity exists. For example, if a photo of a flying saucer was declared "proof positive" by the show, it does not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that flying saucers exist. The show would simply validate that the photo was a picture of something unexplained, appearing in the sky, that was really there, and was not apparently faked in any way.
List of "Proof Positive" episodes.
"Episode 101"
"Episode 102"
"Episode 103"
"Episode 104"
"Episode 105"
"Episode 106"
"Episode 107"
"Episode 108"
"Episode 109"
"Episode 110"

</doc>
<doc id="2930098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930098" title="Saurian Meditation">
Saurian Meditation

Saurian Meditation is the first solo album by Karl Sanders, the vocalist/guitarist of the technical death metal band Nile. It was released on 26 October 2004 through Relapse Records. The music is a full length exploration of the atmospheric interludes heard on Nile's previous albums, and still draws on ancient Egyptian and Lovecraftian themes for inspiration. The album was well received by metal and non-metal listeners alike.

</doc>
<doc id="2930100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930100" title="Jumper (BEAM)">
Jumper (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a Jumper is a robot that has a mode of locomotion by propelling the robot off the ground and from place to place on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="2930101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930101" title="Mahdi Elmandjra">
Mahdi Elmandjra

Mahdi Elmandjra (‎; March 13, 1933 – June 13, 2014) was a Moroccan futurist, economist and sociologist.
Education.
Elmandjra started his high-school education at Lycée Lyautey (Casablanca) in 1944 where he got his Baccalaureat in 1948 . He then went to Putney School, Vermont, U.S.A. (1948–1950) before joining Cornell University, Ithaca, New York (1950–1954) where he obtained a B.A. Government degree. Elmandjra then went to England where he enrolled in the London School of Economics, and the University of London (1954–1957) obtaining a PhD.
Career.
Mahdi Elmandjra graduated from Cornell (USA) and obtained his PhD from the London School of Economics. He has taught international relations at the University of Rabat since 1958.
Elmandjra has held many occupations throughout his career. After finishing his studies, ElMandjra started his career as Director General of the Moroccan Broadcasting Service (RTM) and as a Counselor of the Moroccan Mission to the UN. He occupied various functions in the UN body from 1961 to 1981 including that of Assistant Director General of UNESCO for Social Sciences, Human Sciences and Culture as well as Coordinator of the Conference on Technical Cooperation between Developing countries at the UNDP.
He was President of the World Futures Studies Federation and of Futuribles International as well as the founding President of the Moroccan Association of Future Studies and the Moroccan Organization of Human Rights.
He is a member of the African Academy of Sciences and of the Academy of the Kingdom of Morocco. He has been a Visiting Professor to Tokyo University (1998) and a Visiting Scholar of the Japanese Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) at the Tokyo Keizai University (1999).
Publications.
He has published several books and over 500 articles in the fields of the human and social sciences. He is a co-author of "No Limits to Learning" (Report to the Club of Rome, 1979) and the author of several books including "The United Nations System" (1973), "Maghreb et Francophonie" (1988), "Premiere Guerre Civilisationnelle" (1991), "Retrospective des Futurs" (1992), "Nord-Sud, Prelude a l'Ere Postcoloniale" (1993), «Cultural Diversity Key to Survival» (1995),» (1996), «Decolonisation Culturelle : Defi majeur du 21e Siecle» (1996), "Reglobalization of globalization" (2000), "Communication Dialogue" (2000),“Intifadates” (2001), Humiliation à l'ère du méga-impérialisme (2003) et Ihana (2004). Many of his books have been translated to Japanese such as “The First Civilizational War” (1999) and “The Afghan War : The Second Civilizational War, The End of an Empire”.
Professor Elmandjra received the Prix de la Vie Economique 1981 (France), the Grand Medal of the French Academy of Architecture (1984), the distinctions of Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters (France, 1985) and of the Order of The Rising Sun (Japan, 1986). He also received the Peace Medal of the Albert Einstein International Academy and the Award of the World Future Studies Federation (WFSF) in 1995. In 2002 he was made the first honorary member of the Moroccan Association of Researchers and Scientists (MARS).

</doc>
<doc id="2930104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930104" title="Charlie Savage">
Charlie Savage

Charlie Savage is a newspaper reporter in Washington, D.C., with the "New York Times," which he joined in May 2008. In 2007, when employed by the "Boston Globe," he was the recipient of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for national reporting on the issue of Presidential Signing Statements, specifically the use of such statements by the Bush administration.
He writes about the Supreme Court, homeland security, and US detention and interrogation policies at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere in the War on Terrorism. Savage is particularly known for his articles about the George W. Bush administration's controversial legal theories.
Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1975, Savage earned an undergraduate degree in English and American literature and language from Harvard College in 1998 and a master's degree in 2003 from Yale Law School, where he was a Knight Foundation journalism fellow. He began his reporting career in 1999 as a staff writer for the "Miami Herald", where he covered local and state government and occasionally reviewed movies. Before he moved to the "Boston Globe" in 2003, his articles appeared under the byline "Charles Savage."
Savage is married to Luiza Ch. Savage, the Washington bureau chief for the weekly Canadian newsmagazine "Maclean's".
On Constitution Day, September 17, 2007, the Constitution Project awarded Savage the first Award for Constitutional Commentary for his authorship of "Takeover: The Return of the Imperial Presidency & the Subversion of American Democracy".
See also.
The Imperial Presidency

</doc>
<doc id="2930109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930109" title="Iggy's Reckin' Balls">
Iggy's Reckin' Balls

"Iggy's Reckin' Balls" is a video game that was developed exclusively for the Nintendo 64 console by Iguana Entertainment and published by Acclaim Entertainment in August 1998. It involves a set of ball characters with faces and unique personalities that race around a series of vertical obstacle courses in order to win medals. The characters use grappling hooks to climb to other platforms and attack other players. Power-ups are scattered throughout the 100 courses, which equip the players with temporary special abilities. Up to four players can participate. Modes of play include Arcade, Mix-up, Time Trial and Battle. There are a total of eight characters to choose from immediately, with an additional nine hidden characters that can be unlocked later. The game is named after Iggy, who is the main character. Iggy represents the developer's mascot, an iguana.
Gameplay.
"Iggy's Reckin' Balls" is a simple racing game with tower-based levels. Each type of stage is divided into 10 towers. The players race up the tower and the first to reach the top is teleported back to the bottom. Once two or three laps (or just one in final towers in each world) have been completed, the tower is destroyed and the player moves on to the next tower.
The Worlds.
There are ten worlds in Iggy's Reckin' Balls, each containing ten towers:
Characters.
There are initially eight characters to choose from. Each character has his/her own personality.
Unlockable balls:
The characters are unlocked in random order, but Lizzy is always the last character unlocked.

</doc>
<doc id="2930114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930114" title="Roller (BEAM)">
Roller (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a Roller is a robot that has a mode of locomotion by rolling all or part of the robot. 

</doc>
<doc id="2930121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930121" title="Epitafios">
Epitafios

Epitafios () is a 2004 13-episode, Argentinian crime fiction TV mini-series with the tagline: "El Final Está Escrito ... The End Is Written". The series, which takes place in an unnamed South American city, was shot in Buenos Aires.
The series was produced by HBO Latin America and Argentinian TV/film company Pol-Ka Producciones. It was written by Marcelo Slavich and Walter Slavich and directed by Alberto Lecchi and Jorge Nisco. Although all of the actors were Argentinian, a neutral Spanish was used instead of the local Rioplatense Spanish, avoiding colloquialisms such as the local "vos" in favor of the more common "tú".
The series debuted in Australia on SBS in May 2007 under the title "If The Dead Could Speak". It premiered in Poland on Cinemax on November 6, 2008. In Germany, it premiered on November 6, 2009 on pay TV channel FOX under the title "Epitafios - Tod Ist Die Antwort" ("Epitafios - Death Is The Answer").
Plot.
Bruno Costas (played by Antonio Birabent) seeks revenge on the people involved in the death of four high-school students during a hostage situation gone bad, five years before. The show's two protagonists are ex-detective Renzo Márquez (played by Julio Chávez) and psychiatrist Laura Santini (played by Paola Krum). To add a further twist to this whodunit (although it has many elements of a "whydunit"), Márquez and Santini are on-again, off-again lovers.
In the second half of the series, Renzo is aided by a homicide detective, Marina Segal (portrayed by Cecilia Roth), who herself is eventually held hostage by Costas. During her captivity, the psychopathic murderer forces her to kill her mother who'd left the family for another man years before, causing Marina's father to commit suicide. Her troubled childhood has led Marina to seek thrills by playing high-stakes Russian Roulette. It's as the corpses of her defeated adversaries begin to surface, she is assigned to the case.
Second Series.
A second season of the series - this one's tagline being: "El Final Ahora Tiene Dos Caras ... The End Now Has Two Faces" - began airing on HBO Latin America in Argentina (and elsewhere in Latin America), on April 19, 2009. It premiered in the U.S. on HBO on September 22, 2010. As with the first, this series stars Julio Chávez and Cecilia Roth, this time on the trail of a killer played by Leonardo Sbaraglia.

</doc>
<doc id="2930127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930127" title="Kamla Nagar, New Delhi">
Kamla Nagar, New Delhi

Kamla Nagar is a residential and commercial neighbourhood in North Delhi. It is also one of the major shopping centres of Delhi.
History.
Kamla Nagar is named after Kamala Nehru, a freedom fighter and wife of Jawaharlal Nehru. The neighbourhood rose to prominence after the erection of Ram Swarup Clock Tower on the Grand Trunk Road in 1941, and the construction of Jaipuria and Birla textile mills. It was also a stop of the erstwhile Delhi Tram Service. Later, it was developed as an affluent residential area in 1950s.
Kamla Nagar and its adjoining neighbourhoods were centre of political activity during the late British Raj and the first two decades after Independence. Freedom fighters and political personalities like Aruna Asaf Ali, Guru Radha Kishan, Bharatiya Jana Sangh General Secretary Kanwar Lal Gupta, Purshottam Goyal, Murari Lal Gupta Chharia and Shivcharan Gupta were active there. Wrestlers like Dara Singh, Guru Hanuman, Satpal Singh, Bhupendra Dhawan and Maha Singh Rao trained in the "akharas" of the area. It was also a cultural hub after Independence with Gulzar, Santosh Anand and Manoj Kumar being active there during some part of their lives before becoming popular in Bollywood.
It was also the venue of Guru Radha Kishan's 24 day fast to support the rights of labour unions of textile mills where he rose to prominence from. He was also elected the youngest member of Delhi Municipal Committee.
Overview.
Kamla Nagar is surrounded by University of Delhi's North campus and Kamla Nehru Ridge Forest on the east, Roop Nagar on the north, Shakti Nagar on the west and Malka Ganj on the south. The Grand Trunk Road separates Kamla Nagar from Shakti Nagar. It shares much of its character and history with the adjoining neighbourhoods of Shakti Nagar, Roop Nagar and Malka Ganj. It was built as a residential colony in 1950s divided into six blocks (A to F) with three round-abouts. It comprises a mix of apartment buildings and bungalows.
Although originally built as a residential colony, it has transformed into a major commercial centre of Delhi, and the most prominent in North Delhi. The commercial streets house a mix of international brands and Indian stores, mostly located on and around Bungalow Road, opposite Hans Raj College. The retail stores and restaurants are located on lower floors of the market while the upper stories have retained their residential character.
Indian street-food joints, Chinese fast food joints and street side apparel shops are also characteristic of these commercial streets.
Places of interest.
Nearby places of interest include the 17th century Roshanara Garden and the adjacent 19th century Roshanara Club in Shakti Nagar. Kamla Nehru Ridge Forest, which lies on the east of Kamla Nagar has historic monuments such as the Mutiny Memorial, Flagstaff Tower and one of the several Ashoka Pillars. Ram Swarup Clock Tower lies on the southern edge of Kamla Nagar. Delhi Vidhan Sabha and Viceregal Lodge of Delhi (now Vice Chancellor's Residence) are also nearby.
Recreational facilities.
Delhi University Stadium and Roshanara Club are the closest sports facilities. Delhi Police's Polo Grounds in GTB Nagar and Chhatrasal Stadium in Model Town are other nearby sports stadia.
Education.
University of Delhi's North campus lies to the east of Kamla Nagar. Hans Raj collegeFaculty of Management Studies, Delhi School of Economics, St. Stephen's College, Hindu College, Shri Ram College of Commerce, SGTB Khalsa College, Miranda House, Kirori Mal College, Ramjas College and Indraprastha College for Women are some of the prominent educational and research institutions in vicinity.
Transport.
Metro rail.
Vishwa Vidyalaya metro station on the Yellow Line and Pul Bangash metro station on the Red Line are the closest Delhi Metro stations.
Indian Railways.
The nearest railway station is Subzi Mandi.

</doc>
<doc id="2930129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930129" title="Climber (BEAM)">
Climber (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a Climber is a robot that goes upward or downward with gradual or continuous progress on a track (such as a rope or wire).

</doc>
<doc id="2930130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930130" title="Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport">
Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport

Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Oscoda, an unincorporated community in Iosco County, Michigan, United States. It is owned by the Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport Authority.
It was built out of a portion of the decommissioned Wurtsmith Air Force Base which housed nuclear armed B-52 Stratofortress bombers during the Cold War as well as several air refueling squadrons.
Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport became a public airport in 1993. It is primarily a cargo and light general aviation airport with no scheduled passenger services.
The Wurtsmith Base Conversion Authority terminated in 1994, when the Charter Township of Oscoda took over as the Redevelopment Authority. The Authority was organized under Michigan Public Act 206 of 1957. It has five municipal constituents; Oscoda Township, AuSable Township, Greenbush Township, Iosco County and Alcona County. The purpose of the Authority is generally to operate and maintain a public airport. The Michigan Legislature created the Wurtsmith Renaissance Zone in 1997, which exempted businesses and residents of the 5,000 acre (20 km²) zone from all state and most local taxes.
It now occupies a portion of the former base and is primarily used for cargo and light general aviation activities. There is no scheduled passenger service. The Airport offers 24-hour near all weather daily access. Its UNICOM frequency is 123.0 MHz.
Facilities and aircraft.
Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 634 feet (193 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 6/24 which measures 11,800 by 200 feet (3,597 by 61 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 8,857 aircraft operations, an average of 24 per day, all of which were general aviation. At that time there were 12 aircraft based at this airport, all single-engine.
Of note is the operations of the Yankee Air Force Museum - Wurtsmith Division. Periodic events are held by them.
Kalitta Air has a large operation at the airport.
Other tenants at the former base include the Aune Medical Center, Alcona Health Center Dental Clinic, Alpena Community College, and numerous private businesses. The former military housing units have been refurbished by the Village of Oscoda, and now serve as a major population base in the Oscoda area. Another portion of the former base houses a community center.

</doc>
<doc id="2930137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930137" title="Portable alpha">
Portable alpha

Portable alpha is the return of an investment portfolio with zero market risk (beta). Being independent of both the direction and the magnitude of the market's movements, it represents the manager's skill in selecting investments. Elimination of the market risk can be accomplished by means of short selling and derivatives such as futures, swaps, and options. 
See Alpha for a definition of alpha. 
Here, "Portable Alpha" implies that the extra returns (alpha) can be separated from the changes of the market by hedging the market exposure of the portfolio. 
The process of "Portable Alpha" is also sometimes referred to as "Alpha Transport" 
Example of Portable Alpha.
As an example, consider a manager who invests only in small-cap US stocks, and the stocks in his portfolio have an average beta of 0.85. In a bear-market year, his portfolio returned 5% less than a risk-free asset, while the small-cap US stock market (the Russell 2000) declined 10% below the risk-free rate. Based on his beta (market risk), his portfolio should have returned 8.5% less than the risk free asset, but his skill in picking small-cap stocks resulted in his portfolio only declining 5% below the risk-free rate. The difference between 8.5% and 5% is attributed to skill and called alpha. So his alpha for this year would be 3.5%.
To make this 3.5% alpha "portable," the manager could have sold Russell 2000 index futures at the beginning of the year, hedging out his exposure to the market. An investor in this type of portfolio would experience a return, not of 5% less than that of the risk free asset, but a 3.5% above that of the risk free asset.
Usage of a Portable Alpha manager.
Institutional investors typically make use of this type of investment management as an addition to their portfolio. They gain exposure to a portfolio of their desired markets through use of passive investments, and use Leverage against this portfolio to invest in the portable alpha manager. As long as the manager returns enough alpha to cover their costs of investing (interest and fees), the investor can port the excess return to his portfolio.
Because market risk is eliminated, an investor might be convinced to invest in asset classes that he may not otherwise wish to invest in, as long as the investor has confidence in the skill of the investment manager. For example, a hospital endowment's investment policy might prohibit investment in commodities, but the board might be convinced that they can circumvent this policy for a portable alpha manager who invests in commodities, because he hedges out his exposure to the commodities market.
Another method is via a so called 130/30 strategy. The idea is relatively simple: the manager shorts some fixed percentage of the portfolio (in this case, 30%), and uses the proceeds for further purchases. The purchase of additional assets with the full capital from the short sale is made possible by what is called an enhanced prime brokerage structure. This raises the long portion of the portfolio to 130% of the original investment capital. The net effect of this strategy is to separate the portfolio into two portions: the first portion is long only, yielding beta returns; the second is long/short and market neutral, yielding alpha returns. The strategy allows managers to bet against specific stocks they believe to be over-valued, rather than being restricted only to stocks they believe will increase in value (as is the case in a long-only portfolio). For example, investment bank Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s model global long-only portfolio invests in around 200 stocks; by comparison its Global Flex model portfolio (following a 130/30 strategy) invests in approximately 250 stocks and shorts about 100 – giving a total of some 350 names.

</doc>
<doc id="2930141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930141" title="Nespresso">
Nespresso

Nespresso is the brand name of Nestlé Nespresso S.A., an operating unit of the Nestlé Group, based in Lausanne, Switzerland. Nespresso machines brew espresso from coffee capsules, a type of pre-apportioned single-use container of ground coffee and flavorings. The company sells its system of machines and capsules worldwide, as well as the VertuoLine system in North America.
History.
In 1976, Eric Favre, an employee of Nestlé, invented, patented and introduced the Nespresso system to the business market in Switzerland without significant success. In 1988, due to the efforts of Jean-Paul Gaillard — a business man, the inventor of «Le Club» community —, the product became a market success. In 1990, the firm signed a contract with Turmix, which started to sell Nespresso machines in Switzerland. Thereafter, other contracts were signed with Krups, Magimix, Alessi, Philips, Siemens and De'Longhi.
The first patent application for Nespresso's process of brewing espresso from capsules containing ground coffee was filed in 1996.
The Nespresso Company manufactures both machines and the capsules they use, and makes most of its money from the capsules. Nespresso machines and their capsules can be purchased in Nespresso stores, by mail-order, or many other consumer appliance stores. The company fights off producers of cheaper compatible capsules in court.
Machines.
Nespresso sells a number of different machines. The machines carry the brand names of well known kitchen equipment manufacturers such as Krups, Magimix, Miele, Siemens, and DeLonghi, but are mostly manufactured by Eugster/Frismag, a Swiss company that is one of the world's largest coffee machine producers. While based in Amriswil, Switzerland, Eugster/Frismag mostly manufactures in China under the Krups, Turmix, Delonghi and Magimix brands. Krups and Magimix stores often display models "Made in Switzerland" (noted on the bottom of the machine) but others machines come from China. The "Lattissima" models are manufactured by DeLonghi. Eugster/Frismag is little known to the public because the company is strictly an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and does not sell under its own brand. In 2000, Nespresso began distributing machines bearing the "Nespresso" brand.
In August 2011 Australian brand Kogan announced they were developing the "Ez-press", a coffee machine compatible with Nespresso pods.
Capsules.
Nespresso capsules are sold exclusively by Nespresso and are significantly more expensive than an equivalent quantity of "loose" ground coffee. The cost per serving is up to three times higher than that of alternative brewing methods. Nespresso sells 21 different coffee "Grand Cru" arabica and robusta capsules. Two Limited Edition Grand Crus are released every year as well as a new set of Variations, flavored espresso capsules.
Each capsule contains 5–6 grams of ground coffee and makes one cup of coffee. Depending on the length of the pour, the capsule can produce a 40 ml espresso shot, or a 110 ml lungo (long) pour. The capsule body and perforated top are both made of aluminium, and are mostly not recycled. To assuage concerns on potential aluminium health effects, most of the capsule interior is lined with food-grade lacquer.
Australian company PodCafe released a 'one size fits all' refillable capsule in 2012. Their refillable pod fits most Nespresso compatible machines, and also allows users to brew tea and hot chocolate. 
The Dutch company Douwe Egberts has launched a coffee capsule compatible with Nespresso machines in Europe and the US. Unlike the Nespresso capsules, the "L'OR EspressO" capsules are made out of plastic instead of aluminium, and unlike the Nespresso capsule these are pre-perforated rather than perforated in the top when inserted in the machine. The capsules therefore come individually packaged, each in their own airtight bag, rather than being themselves airtight. Douwe Egberts recently added new varieties of these coffees; there are now fourteen.
Italian company Caffè Vergnano has also launched capsules compatible with Nespresso machines, called "Èspresso", and was attacked by Nestlé Nespresso S.A. notably because Vergnano capsules, unlike Nespresso ones, can be found in supermarkets and small shops.
Limited editions.
Each year Nespresso markets 'limited edition' grand cru. These appear twice a year, in the spring and in the Autumn. The latter was formerly branded as Special Club.
Special reserve.
Around Christmas 2012, Nespresso launched its first Special Reserve Limited Edition coffee, the Hawaii Kona Special Reserve 2012 (intensity:5). This was based on Kona coffee beans which is one of the most expensive coffees in the world. They sold for A$30 in Australia.
Each year towards Christmas time Nespresso also releases high end capsules known as 'variations'. Variations are flavoured coffees marketed as a treat for their club members.
VertuoLine system.
In February 2014, Nespresso launched a new Vertuoline system of machines and capsules in the United States and Canada to appeal to the demand by North Americans in these countries for larger cups of coffee. The system produces both cups of coffee and smaller espressos, both with the crema that characterizes espresso coffees and the original line of Nespresso coffees. Nespresso simultaneously introduced eight coffee blends and four espresso blends in specially-designed VertuoLine capsules. The VertuoLine capsules cannot be used in the original line of Nespresso machines (now called the "OriginalLine"), which continue to be sold in North America.
The VertuoLine capsules are as follows:
The VertuoLine system uses two technologies not found in the OriginalLine. First, the system uses "centrifusion" (a term created by Nespresso, being a portmanteau of centrifugal force and infusion), whereby it spins the capsule around in the machine at up to 7,000 rpms to blend the ground coffee and hot water. Second, each capsule has a barcode embedded on the rim, and the barcode laser scanning system reads 5 different parameters: cup size (coffee or espresso), temperature, rotational speed, flow rate and time the water is in contact with the ground coffee. 
The VertuoLine system is intended to expand Nespresso's product line to offer coffee closer to the American style of filtered coffee, and thus expand Nespresso's market share in North America. In the United States, Nespresso had only a 3% share of the single-serve coffee market in 2013 (compared with 72% for Green Mountain’s Keurig system), while in Canada Nespresso had 4 to 5% of the single-serve market in 2013 (compared to approximately 53% for Keurig and 40% for Tassimo). In comparison, Nestlé had 70% of the single-serve market in Europe in 2013.
At the time of the introduction of the VertuoLine system in 2014, there were no plans to launch the system in markets outside Canada and the United States.
Process.
Nespresso's hermetically sealed capsules are made of aluminium foil. Depending on the Nespresso machine being used, the flat top of the capsule is pierced when inserted into the machine and the compartment lever is lowered. Some machines make a single large hole, and others make a number of smaller holes. When the machine is activated it pumps hot water under high pressure into injector holes poked into the narrow end of the capsule upon insertion. This causes the flat bottom of the capsule to bow out, as this is made of thinner foil than the rest of the capsule. The base of the capsule holder (on which the capsule sits) has a number of raised squares which cause the foil to rupture at these points. The brewed coffee exits the capsule through these rupture holes and flows through a funnel nozzle into the coffee cup. As in pressure cookers, a safety pressure release valve inside the brewing chamber prevents an explosion from occurring if the normal coffee exhaust path becomes blocked.
The spent capsule must finally be removed from the holder; on some machines this is automated.
Marketing.
Social media, such as Facebook, has been used to promote the product in the form of an interactive Facebook page and celebrities, such as George Clooney and John Malkovich, have been used to market the product. The brand's current slogan is "What else?". The brand Nespresso is the subject of continued promotional campaigns around the world. Promotions include bonus coffee capsules sold with the machine. TV commercials also feature Penelope Cruz, including a longer promotional video on Nespresso's site and YouTube with Cruz and Jimmy Kimmel.
Market.
Packaged portions of espresso coffee like those from Nespresso has become one of the fastest growing segments of the coffee market, accounting for 20 to 40 percent of the value of ground coffee sales in the European coffee market which totals USD 17 billion.
In August 2010, it was reported that Nespresso sales have been growing at an average of 30 percent per year over the past 10 years and more than 20 billion capsules have been sold since 2000 at a current selling price equivalent to about USD 0.43 to USD 0.62 per capsule.
Nespresso reported annual sales of CHF 3 billion in 2011, growing by 20% during the fiscal year.
Criticism.
Cost.
Nespresso actively discourages customers from purchasing coffee capsules from other sources. As a result, choice of flavours is limited and there is limited competitive downward pressure on capsule prices. Nespresso seeks to position the brand as an exclusive luxury good. The price of capsules in 2014 ranged from US$0.65 to US$0.70 each. For comparison to buying coffee by weight, 167-200 5–6 gram capsules contain one kilogram of coffee (76-91 contain one pound). At 2014 prices the per-weight cost is US$108–140/kilogram (US$49–63/pound). In March 2011, the Swiss discount supermarket, Denner, won a court battle with Nestlé over the sale of Nespresso compatible capsules. The plastic capsules are approximately half the retail price of the Nespresso capsules.
Business model.
The concept (machine, capsule, service) is subject to 1,700 patents which protect Nespresso's ownership of the concept until the patents expire. This contrasts with some other prepackaged coffee preparation systems. This has led to comparisons of Nespresso with printer manufacturers that tried to hinder the sale of generic ink cartridges, to achieve a vendor lock-in effect.
Nespresso's patents began to expire in 2012, gradually allowing competitors to offer capsules and machines compatible with the Nespresso system. Nestlé is working on ways to prevent competitors from doing this.
A former CEO at Nespresso has started a rival firm, Ethical Coffee Company SA (ECC), to make compatible biodegradable capsules for the Nespresso machine.
Other competitors include a Swiss start-up, Nexpod, which offers Nespresso-compatible empty capsules which can be filled with the coffee (or tea) by the buyer, CapsuleCup from Hong Kong that provide compatible capsules in bulk and a South African company based in Cape Town which sells Nespresso-compatible capsules under the brand name "Café-Caps". Cafe Caps specializes in private label production. Caffè Negrini is sold in over 800 shops in Austria. In the UK, Dualit and Cafepod have both launched generic products. In the United States HiLine Coffee Company launched a website on the 4th of July selling Nespresso compatible capsules with the theme Independence from Nespresso. The start-up Gourmesso also offers Nespresso compatible capsules, launching a website in the USA in early 2014. Gourmesso has also expanded to other countries such as Germany, France, Spain, and the UK.
In March 2014 Indulge Beverages Pvt. Ltd. also launched Nespresso compatible capsules for the Indian Market under the brand name Bonhomia. They introduced a new frontier by also launching Tea capsules compatible with Nespresso machines. Bonhomia is focused on Coffees' and Teas' with an Indian provenance.
In mid-July 2010, Sara Lee, which in France makes coffee under the "Maison de Café" brand, launched "L'OR EspressO" which uses a plastic capsule that fits both Sara Lee's own espresso machines and the Nespresso system. By August 2010, according to Sara Lee, more than 30 million capsules of L'Or had been sold. Nestlé has sued Sara Lee, accusing the latter of contravening its patents. In December 2010, Sara Lee announced that they would start selling their capsules in the US under the Douwe Egberts name, and since mid-2011, Sara Lee has expanded sales of its capsules into other countries, such as Spain where they are sold under the "Marcilla" brand.
Ecological impact.
Unless the capsule is recycled, each cup of Nespresso coffee produces aluminium waste, the main material of the capsule. There is 1g of aluminium in one capsule (including the cover) compared to about 13g for a soft drink can. Recycling aluminium uses down to 5% of the energy needed to produce aluminium from ore. To begin with, Nestlé did not implement any recycling programs outside of a few parts of Switzerland. This led to a large per-cup waste generation, which was criticised by some user groups. More countries now have recycling facilities. France and Switzerland are some of Nespresso's biggest buyers so the recycling facilities are more accessible in these countries.
In the UK, recycling was rolled out starting in London, Bristol and Bath and now covers all of the mainland. When fresh capsules are delivered by courier (a CO2-intensive process), spent ones are collected in bags provided for the purpose. Used capsules can be also taken to any Nespresso Boutique for recycling. A recycling program has also been introduced in The Netherlands, where consumers have the option to return their used capsules to a limited selection of stores or hand them over to postal services.
In the USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, consumers can drop off used capsules at Nespresso boutiques for recycling. In Ireland when new capsules are delivered the used capsules can be collected by the courier for recycling. There is, however, no financial incentive anywhere for users to do so.
In recent years some third-party products, such as the Outpresso device, have also emerged that ease the removal of coffee grounds from expended capsules, allowing the aluminum to then be recycled through standard municipal recycling programs.
A minority of capsules are recycled: Nestlé itself states a current rate of 50% in Switzerland and Germany, but only 2% in France. The proportion of recycled aluminium in the capsules is not exactly known, but is estimated to be less than 30%. The company has launched a program called "écolaboration" to try to remedy the problem.
In addition to the recycling programme discussed above, Nespresso states 'ecolaboration' includes a AAA sustainability programme, focused on helping farmers who grow and supply Nespresso coffee. Nespresso claims it does this by teaching farmers best business and growing practices. The company claims participating farmers are not obliged to sell to Nespresso, although the company says many choose to as Nespresso claims to offer a fair price for the coffee and help in all aspects of the farmers' business.
Unlike the regular capsules, Nespresso Pro capsules cannot be recycled because they are made of a mixture of plastic and aluminium. Since the layers of material are sealed to each other, the Pro capsule can only be burned. The refillable capsules from rivals Nexpod and PodCafe are obviously much more environment-friendly. This has led the World Wide Fund for Nature and other environmental agencies to state that "the most reasonable solution is still the purchase of bulk coffee".

</doc>
<doc id="2930143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930143" title="Wurtsmith Air Force Base">
Wurtsmith Air Force Base

Wurtsmith Air Force Base is a decommissioned United States Air Force base in northeastern Iosco County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The former base includes located approximately two miles west of Lake Huron in the Charter Township of Oscoda, bordered by Van Ettan Lake, the Au Sable State Forest.
History.
Wurtsmith got its start in 1923 as Loud-Reames Aviation Field, a soft-surface landing site for Army Air Corps aircraft from Selfridge Field. It was renamed Camp Skeel in 1924, for World War I pilot Captain Burt E. Skeel, and was used as an aerial gunnery range and for winter maneuvers 1924 through 1944 by the 1st Pursuit Group at Selfridge Army Air Base near Detroit. During those winter maneuvers the army pilots and mechanics battled snow squalls and bitter cold temperatures to get the engines of the planes started. Oil was heated in drums over open fires of pitchpine and then poured into the engines. Crews then worked fast to get the engines running before the oil congealed. No self-starters were available on those early planes so engines were cranked by hand by swinging the propellers. Aviation gasoline to refuel the planes was hauled across the ice-covered lake on a six-foot hand sled which held two barrels. After 1927 the field was also used for aerial gunnery practice.
World War II.
Three 5000' x 150' hard-surface concrete runways aligned NE/SW, E/W and NW/SE were built in 1942 and the camp was renamed Oscoda Army Air Field. The airfield was placed under III Fighter Command jurisdiction on 2 September 1942 and the 100th Base HQ and Air Base Squadron was activated at Oscoda AAF on 31 October 1942. The mission of the field was an auxiliary airfield of Selfridge Army Air Base for the defense of Saulte Sainte Marie and the Straits of Mackinac. The airfield was declared excess by Third Air Force in December 1942 and turned over to Air Service Command and placed on standby status.
Third Air Force reactivated the field in March 1943 as a field for training black aviators. The 332d Fighter Group was moved from Selfridge AAB up to the primitive facilities due to racial tensions between the aviators and the local population in Detroit. Jurisdiction of the base was transferred back to First Air Force on 14 August 1943. The group remained at Oscoda until the end of December training black aviators and once graduated, they would be deployed to Italy where they joined several black fighter squadrons under Twelfth Air Force.
Beginning in July 1944, with the closure of Blackstone Army Airfield, Virginia, it was used to train Free French Air Force (French: Forces Aériennes Françaises Libres, FAFL) pilots under the 134th Army Air Forces Base Unit. On 12 July 1944 the arrival of one French lieutenant and 34 enlisted flying students on 17 July, followed shortly by the almost complete transfer of personnel from Blackstone AAF, started a new era of activity at the base. In three months, base personnel figures more than doubled. Under this new setup, the 134th AAF Base Unit (Fighter) consisted of four sections: Medical, Supply, Administrative and the French group. A training program was set up that consisted of subjects designed to prepare personnel for shipment to combat zones. Subjects ranged from gas warfare to first aid, and classroom instructed was supplemented by field exhibits, movies, and lectures.
The Free French Air Force pilots also went through an intensive period of advanced aerial training, after which they were sent to the French Army Air Forces Staging Area at Bolling Field, Washington, D.C. and from there to a Free French Air Force reception center for assignment to operational squadrons engaged in combat. In the course of one three-month period during that year, more than 125 fliers received gunnery training, through the Gunairstructor, the Range Estimation Trainer, aid the Deflection Trainer. During the subsequent months the mission of the base was broadened even further, to include combat crew training. By October 1944, 93 French army personnel completed the required training.
On 12 April 1945 a bulletin was received from First Air Force re-designating Oscoda AAF as a sub-group of Selfridge, and directing that Oscoda be utilized in the future as a bombing and gunnery range by Selfridge Field. Training of the French pilots ended and most USAAF personnel were transferred out.
Continental Air Command.
Jurisdiction of Oscoda AAF was transferred to Continental Air Command on 16 April 1945 and ConAC subsequently designated Oscoda as a sub-base Selfridge Field. It was placed in inactive status on 31 December 1945, and for the next several years, the station operated as a transient aircraft stopover.
The base was again reactivated as a primary installation on 20 February 1947, although it remained in a standby status by ConAC. In late 1950, an Air Defense Command Radar unit, the 754th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron arrived at Oscoda while its permanent facilities at Port Austin Air Force Station were under construction. It moved out on 20 July 1951.
Air Defense Command.
The base became a permanent installation on 1 January 1951 when the United States Air Force designated it as a fighter-interceptor training base for the Air Defense Command's (ADC).
Much construction was necessary to bring the World War II training base up to postwar Air Force standards. In 1951 additional land surrounding the base was appropriated for military facilities and extended runways. A jet runway (6/24) was laid down along with accompanying taxiways, concrete block buildings and other support facilities to replace the temporary wooden World War II structures that were viewed as substandard for a permanent Air Force base.
The base was renamed Wurtsmith Air Force Base in 1953 after Michigan native Major General Paul Wurtsmith, who was killed when his TB-25J-27-NC Mitchell, "44-30227", crashed near Cold Mountain, North Carolina in September 1946.
Wurtsmith AFB was considered a vital Air Defense Command base, an alert-status military base equipped with interceptors ready 24/7 to respond to unknown aircraft picked up by Ground Control Radar stations in the Great Lakes region. Upon activation, Wurtsmith-based interceptors were directed to intercept unknown aircraft by ADC ground control Radars at Willow Run AFS (P-23); Selfridge AFB (P-20); Port Austin AFS (P-61); Alpena AFS (M-105); Empire AFS (P-34), and Sault Sainte Marie AFS (P-66), and the interceptors were under the command of the 56th Fighter-Interceptor Wing at Selfridge AFB, Eastern Air Defense Force, ADC.
The initial interceptor squadron assigned to Wurtsmith was the 63d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, assigned on 1 May 1951 and equipped with North American F-86A Sabres and was upgraded to the more-capable F-86F Sabre in December 1952.
On 6 February 1952, the 4706th Defense Wing at O'Hare International Airport, Illinois, replaced the 56th FIW as the Command and Control organization for Wurtsmith AFB. At that time, intercepts by the 63d FIS were directed by a manual direction center (P-23) at Willow Run AFS which received radar data from a wider series of search and height surveillance radars in the Great Lakes Area. In May 1954 the first true ADC-dedicated interceptor, the F-86D Sabre was received by the 63d FIS, and the highly capable Northrup F-89D Scorpion in January 1955. The squadron was moved to O'Hare International Airport, near Chicago on 18 August 1955 in an ADC reorganization.
With the reorganization, the 412th Fighter Group was activated at Wurtsmith under the 4708th Air Defense Wing at Selfridge AFB. 
In 1958 a Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) Data Center (DC-06) was established at Custer AFS. The SAGE system was a network linking Air Force General Surveillance Radar stations into a centralized center for Air Defense, intended to provide early warning and response for a Soviet nuclear attack. The interceptors at Wurtsmith came under the command and control of DC-06 for direction and guidance to unknown aircraft within the region.
With the transfer of Wurtsmith to Strategic Air Command jurisdiction on 1 Apr 1960, ADC phased down its presence to a tenant organization. The 412th Fighter Group was inactivated on 1 April 1960. The 18th FIS was reassigned to the 478th Fighter Group at Grand Forks AFB, ND on 1 May 1960, leaving the 31st FIS as a single ADC interceptor squadron at the base. During the 1960s and early 1970s, ADC retained an alert posture on Wurtsmith with an air defense interceptor force for the Great Lakes area:
Strategic Air Command use.
The Strategic Air Command's 4026th Strategic Wing was activated at Wurtsmith on 1 August 1958. The 4026th SW was a B-52's dispersal wing, a part of SAC's plan to disperse its big bombers over a larger number of bases, thus making it more difficult for the Soviet Union to knock out the entire fleet with a surprise first strike. The 920th Refueling Group's KC-135 Stratotankers were transferred to the 4026th from Turner AFB, Georgia in July 1960. It was inactivated on 9 January 1961.
SAC's 40th Air Division was reactivated in July 1959 and assigned to Eighth Air Force with headquartered at Wurtsmith AFB. The Division was the parent unit of four SAC wings and advisor to three Aerial Reserve Force units. The Division's mission was to supervise and monitor the operation of the 379th and 410th Bombardment Wings, the 305th Aerial Refueling Wing, the 351st Strategic Missile Wing, the 128th Aerial Refueling Group, and the 931st Aerial Refueling Group. SAC also began to extended the runway to 12,000 feet in 1959 to better accommodate the B-52. Along with the runway extension, a "Christmas Tree" alert pad area was constructed on the north side of the 24 runway end to accommodate 9 alert aircraft, and a "Mole Hole", where alert crews would live on shifts ready to man the alert aircraft and take off within a few minutes notice.
On 1 Apr 1960, jurisdiction of Wurthsmith was transferred from Air Defense Command to Strategic Air Command. The 379th Bombardment Wing became the Base Host Operating unit, being moved from Homestead AFB, Florida. On 9 May 1961, the 524th Bombardment Squadron took delivery of its first new Boeing B-52H Stratofortress, the "State of Michigan." The 920th Air Refueling Squadron had arrived on 15 July 1960 with KC-135 Stratotankers that would refuel them in mid-air. The wing's B-52Hs were the latest, and fastest of the B-52s, the TF33 engines of the B-52H offered 30 percent more thrust than the J57s of the G-model, even when the J57s were using water injection. A maximum thrust of 17,100 pounds could be delivered, producing much better airfield performance and an extra margin of safety during heavyweight takeoffs. For the B-52H, the ground roll was about 500 feet less than that of the B-52G. The TF33 was also much more economical, offering a notable improvement in range. Combat radius of the B-52H was 4176 nautical miles with a 10,000 pound bomb load, as compared with only 3550 nautical miles for the B-52G.
The 379th and its subordinate units' mission was to operate at full readiness, and support activities included aircraft and vehicle maintenance, bombing crew and unit training, and air refueling support. The wing did not deploy bomber aircraft to Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War, as the B-52H was dedicated to strategic deterrence. However, the tanker aircraft and aircrews participated in the "Young Tiger" TDY effort, and the bomber aircrews went through RTU (Replacement Training Unit) training to fly B-52Ds out of Andersen AFB, Guam and U-Tapao RTAFB, Thailand and were active participants in many of the notable campaigns that took place in Southeast Asia such as Arc Light.
In 1977, the 379th exchanged their B-52Hs for the conventional bomb capable B-52G. In 1989, the Air Force selected Wurtsmith as one of seven bases that would house LGM-118A Peacekeeper ICBM Peacekeeper Rail Garrison. A Rail Garrison would address the survivability problem by which 25 trains, each with two missiles, would use the national railroad system to conceal themselves. It was intended that this system would become operational in late 1992, but budgetary constraints and the changing international situation led to it being scrapped.
In the early 1980s, Wurtsmith's B-52Gs were modified to carry the Boeing AGM-86 Air-Launched Cruise Missile (ALCM). The ALCM was powered by a 600 lb.s.t. Williams F107-WR-100 turbofan, which is fed by an inlet which folds out on the top of the missile. The B-52G could carry six AGM-86Bs on each of the two underwing pylons.
Retirement of the B-52G began in the late 1980s in accordance with the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START I), however the Gulf War of 1990–1991 resulted in a temporary delay in the inactivation of B-52G units. Wurtsmith-based B-52Gs were deployed to the 1708th Bombardment Wing (Provisional), King Abdul Aziz Air Base, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia (5 Aircraft) and the 801st Bombardment Wing (Provisional), (8 Aircraft). The planes arrived at dawn on the first day of the air war. One plane flew 29 missions out of Jeddah, the most of any bomber crew in the theater. The aircraft returned to Michigan in March 1991.
Closure.
The dissolution of the Soviet Union further accelerated B-52G retirements and led the US Air Force to inactivate Strategic Air Command in 1992. As a result, nearly all KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft were transferred to the newly established Air Mobility Command (AMC), while all B-52 Stratofortresses, along with all B-1 Lancers, FB-111s, and the soon-to-be operational B-2 Spirits were transferred to the newly established Air Combat Command (ACC). As a result of this action, Wurtsmith was also transferred to ACC control.
Wurtsmith AFB closed on 30 June 1993 as a result of the 1991 Base Realignment and Closure Commission process, which determined that the development of new weapons and long-range satellite surveillance systems rendered many installations unnecessary. On the morning of 15 December 1992, the last B-52G, AF Serial No. 57-6492, the "Old Crow Express," was flown to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base for storage.
Current status.
The Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport became a public airport in 1993. It now occupies a portion of the base and is primarily used for cargo and light general aviation. There is no scheduled airline service. The Airport offers 24-hour near-all weather daily access. The former USAF air traffic control tower was demolished in 2002. The airport's UNICOM frequency is 123.0 MHz, which doubles as a Common Traffic Advisory Frequency (CTAF). Automated weather is available by monitoring the ASP VOR on 116.1 MHz or by telephone at (989)739–1310. Services are available through Oscoda Aviation Services at (989)739–8486.
The Wurtsmith Base Conversion Authority terminated in 1994, when the Charter Township of Oscoda took over as the Redevelopment Authority. The Authority was organized under Michigan Public Act 206 of 1957. It has five municipal constituents: Oscoda Township, AuSable Township, Greenbush Township, Iosco County and Alcona County. The purpose of the Authority is generally to operate and maintain a public airport. The Michigan Legislature created the Wurtsmith Renaissance Zone in 1997, which exempted businesses and residents of the 5,000 acre (20 km²) zone from all state and most local taxes.
Most of the former Air Force facilities remain. Sections of the World War II airfield remain as well as the wartime aircraft parking apron. Those facilities were used by Air Defense Command interceptors, with the ADC alert sheds remaining and a section of the Wartime NW/SE runway being converted into a taxiway for the interceptors to use for alert launches. ADC control and maintenance buildings remain intact, albeit unused. The Wurtsmith Division – Yankee Air Force Museum is housed in the old ADC alert facility. The SAC B-52 alert facility and alert pads remain and are unused. The large parking ramp built by SAC for B-52s and KC-135s now is utilized by the Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport as aircraft parking space, and some of the old SAC hangars also appear to be in use.
Most of the ground station appears to be unused. About a third of the buildings appear to have been demolished, their foundations remaining. Another third have found new uses. The base athletic facilities remain in use; Kalitta Air has a large operation at the airport. Other tenants at the former base include the Aune Medical Center, Alcona Health Center Dental Clinic, Alpena Community College, and numerous private businesses; the remainder being unused, such as the former base commissary and exchange.
The former military housing units have been refurbished by the Villages of Oscoda, and now serve as a major population base in the Oscoda area.
Oscoda township's Robert J. Parks Public Library is located on the former base and is part of an eight-library cooperative in Iosco and Arenac counties. Adjacent is the Shoreline Players Theater, a stage theater for the performing arts, housed in a former movie theater.
Environmental concerns.
On 18 January 1994, the Environmental Protection Agency proposed to add Wurtsmith Air Force Base to the National Priorities List. This would make the base a Superfund site. The proposal was driven by the discovery of contaminated groundwater on the base. Contaminants of primary concern include metals, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and volatile organic compounds, including trichloroethylene, 1,1-dichloroethane, 1,1,1-trichloroethane, and vinyl chloride. Knowledge of the contaminated soil and groundwater have been known since 1977, and cleanup efforts began before the Superfund program was created. In 1999 and 2001, Soil vapor extraction systems were added to remove the volatile organic compounds from the site. Since 2004, bioventing and biosparging systems have been cleaning the soil and groundwater as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2930147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930147" title="(You Drive Me) Crazy Tour">
(You Drive Me) Crazy Tour

(You Drive Me) Crazy Tour (also known as Crazy 2k Tour) was the second concert tour by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was launched in support of her studio albums "...Baby One More Time" (1999) and "Oops!... I Did It Again" (2000). The tour was designed as a continuation of the ...Baby One More Time Tour and a prelude to the Oops!... I Did It Again Tour. It was sponsored by Got Milk? and Polaroid.
The tour was divided into various segments, with each segment being followed by an interlude to the next segment, and it ended with an encore. The set list consisted of nine songs, seven from "...Baby One More Time" and two unreleased songs from "Oops!... I Did It Again", her then-upcoming album. During the tour, Spears was accused of lip synching, although she denied these claims. The show was recorded and broadcast on Fox. A DVD entitled "Live and More!" was also released.
Background and development.
On December 17, 1999, during the premiere of the music video for "From the Bottom of My Broken Heart" on "Total Request Live", Spears called the show to announce March US tour dates. The tour was designed as a continuation of the ...Baby One More Time Tour and a prelude to her future world tour. The leg's main sponsor was Got Milk?. Media director Peter Gardiner explained, "Britney is magic with teen-age girls, and that's an absolutely crucial target for milk". Spears shot an advertising campaign to be shown before her performances began. The secondary sponsor was Polaroid and the corporation released the Polaroid I-Zone as the official camera of the tour. Spears also used the I-Zone onstage to take pictures of the audience and further promote the product.
The stage of the (You Drive Me) Crazy Tour was similar to that of the ...Baby One More Time Tour, although much bigger.
There were many special effects, including smoke machines and fireworks that erupted during the show. There was a giant projection screen that resembled the magical mirror from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). Also present was a mechanical magic carpet in which Spears sat and flew over the first 100 feet above the crowd. Spears, who had five costumes changes during the show, was joined on stage by eight dancers. The setlist consisted of nine songs, seven from her debut album and two unreleased songs from her then upcoming album, "Oops!... I Did It Again" (2000).
Concert synopsis.
The show opened with a skit in which the dancers came out of lockers and stayed in the stage until a bell rang. They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called Spears, she emerged at the top of the staircase in a cloud of smoke, wearing a top and white stretch pants, to perform a short dance mix of "...Baby One More Time". She then entered one of the lockers and appeared in another one on the opposite side of the stage to perform "(You Drive Me) Crazy". Spears briefly talked to the audience, the segment continued with performances of "Born to Make You Happy" and "I Will Be There". After a dance interlude, Spears appeared onstage sitting on the magic carpet and flew over the audience while singing "Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know". When she returned to the stage, she performed another song from her upcoming album, "Oops!... I Did It Again". Spears addressed the audience again before the "Who is the Ultimate Heartbreaker?" interlude, in which her dancers picked a boy from the audience and invited him onstage. Spears took to the stage again wearing a jacket and dedicated the performance of "From the Bottom of My Broken Heart" to the boy. She took off her jacket to reveal a pair of black pants that featured a sequined red heart in the back and performed "The Beat Goes On". After two interludes that presented her dancers and band, Spears appeared onstage to perform "Sometimes". The encore consisted of a dance-oriented performance of "...Baby One More Time".
Critical response.
Jae-Ha Kim of the "Chicago Sun-Times" said that Spears "showed why she has got a leg up on blonder competitors such as Christina Aguilera, Jessica Simpson and Mandy Moore. Aguilera may have a better voice (and a Grammy to validate it), but Spears has that 'it' factor that worked for pinup queens of the past, such as Farrah Fawcett". Adam Graham of Central Michigan Life commented that "although the show was only about 10 songs long and the authenticity of her voice was in question throughout, it was really truly hard to walk away feeling anything but completely gratified". Dave Tianen of the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel" believed that the show "was energetic, good-humored, fast-paced and bright".
During the tour, accusations of lip synching arose. Spears talked to "Rolling Stone" about the accusations, saying,
"There's a delay in the screen above me, so if you listen to the music and watch the screen, they don't sync up. I think that confuses people. But I'm singing every song. I'm singing my ass off. [...] There are times during the show, when I'm dancing so much, where I get out of breath, and we have a signal where I'm dying and they'll help me out. Believe me, I'd give anything to do a show where I just sit there and sing".
Broadcasts and recordings.
On April 20, 2000, the concert at Hilton Hawaiian Village in Honolulu, Hawaii was taped. On June 5, 2000, it was broadcast in a special in Fox. On November 21, 2000, Jive Records released the "" DVD, which included the Fox special. It was certified three-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipment of 300,000 copies in DVD units.
Set list.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2930155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930155" title="History of Kabardino-Balkaria">
History of Kabardino-Balkaria

The Republic of Kabardino-Balkaria is a federal subject of Russia (a republic), located in the Caucasus region.
Early history.
As with other parts of the Caucasus, the area that is now known as Kabardino-Balkaria has been inhabited for thousands of years. The origins of its inhabitants are somewhat obscure.
It is known that proto-Kabardians called Kassogs were inhabited that area already in the 9th century, the Arab traveler Al Masudi speaks of them. 
Balkars were part of Alania and one of the Vainakh tribes who were influenced by Turkic culture after the Mongol invasion's split of the lowlands of Nakh tribes and adopted the language. Also genetically they are closely related to Chechens and Ingush.
The region came under the control of the Mongols between 1242-1295. It passed into the hands of the Georgians from 1295 to 1505 before falling, briefly, into the orbit of the Persian Empire between 1502-1516. It was then ruled by the Ottoman Empire from 1516-1557. From 1557, it became a protectorate of the expanding Russian state – first Muscovy, then the Russian Empire. The lowland-dwelling Kabards allied themselves with the Russians, but the mountain-dwelling Balkars resisted the Russians for many years.
Russian and Soviet rule.
Kabardia gained independence briefly between 1739–1774, before being annexed by Russia under the terms of the Treaty of Kuchuk Kainarji. Balkaria was annexed in 1827. The Russians established a number of forts in the region, notably at Nalchik (the republic's present-day capital), to secure their control over it. A significant number of Russians – many of Cossack descent – also settled there.
During the Russian Civil War, the region became part of the anti-communist South-Eastern League (1917–1918), then joined the Mountain Peoples’ Autonomous Republic in 1921. On September 1, 1921, with the emergence of the Soviet Union, the territories were organized into the Kabardin Autonomous Oblast. The region's name was changed to the Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Oblast the following year, and on December 5, 1936 it was elevated in status and named Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.
In 1944, Soviet leader Joseph Stalin falsely accused the Balkars of collaborating with Nazi Germany and deported the entire population. Their name was deleted from the territory, which was renamed the Kabardin ASSR. The Balkar population was only allowed to return in 1957 at which point its pre-war name was restored.
Post-Soviet history.
Kabardino-Balkaria became a full republic in 1991 and in March 1992 became one of the constituent republics of the Russian Federation.
The republic's economy was very hard hit by the fall of the Soviet Union and the outbreak of war in neighboring Georgia and nearby Chechnya. The instability produced by the conflicts led to a collapse in tourism in the region and produced an unemployment level estimated to be as high as 90%. The republic's mainly Muslim population has become increasingly radicalised by the region's instability. In October 2005, Kabardino-Balkaria's capital Nalchik was the site of fighting after an attack on the city by Chechen militants.

</doc>
<doc id="2930160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930160" title="Mentor (disambiguation)">
Mentor (disambiguation)

Mentor was the tutor of Telemachus in Greek mythology.
Mentor may also refer to:
Places.
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2930161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930161" title="Hilary term">
Hilary term

Hilary term is the second academic term of the Universities of Oxford and Dublin academic year. It runs from January to March and is so named because the feast day of St Hilary of Poitiers, 14 January, falls during this term. All terms are dated from this day in the following way:
The term originated in the legal system. The courts of England and Wales divide the legal year into four terms: Hilary, Easter, Trinity and Michaelmas.
At the University of Oxford, following the resolution made by Council on 8 May 2002, Hilary Term begins on and includes 7 January and ends on and includes 25 March or the Saturday before Palm Sunday, whichever is the earlier. In Hilary Term, as in Michaelmas Term and in Trinity Term, there is a period of eight weeks known as Full Term, beginning on a Sunday, within which lectures and other instruction prescribed by statute or regulation are given. The dates on which each Full Term will begin and end in the next academic year but one are published by the Registrar in the University Gazette during Hilary Term.

</doc>
<doc id="2930163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930163" title="LaMar's Donuts">
LaMar's Donuts

LaMar's Donuts is a chain of gourmet doughnut bistros founded in Kansas City, Missouri, and headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado. LaMar's has 27 stores in six states—, Arizona, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and Alabama)—and plans to expand to others. 
LaMar’s Donuts has won newspaper readers' poll awards for best doughnuts in several of the cities where they have stores. According to the LaMar's website, the famed Zagat Survey, the New York City-based namer of premier dining spots nationwide, described LaMar's Donuts as "extraordinary; fit for kings".

</doc>
<doc id="2930167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930167" title="Rečyca">
Rečyca

Rečyca (, ) is a town in the Gomel Region of Belarus. It is center of Rečyca Raion. The city is situated at the mouth of Rečyca River, flowing into the Dnieper. the population was 65,532.
History.
Rečyca is one of the oldest towns of Belarus. First settlements in this region are dated back to the epoch of mesolite (9–5th centuries B.C.). Later on the area was inhabited by the Dregovichi tribe. The town was first mentioned in the Novgorod chronicle in 1213 as a town of the Chernihiv Principality. Rečyca was also ruled by Kiev and Turaŭ Grand Dukes.
At the time of Gediminas reign (1311–1341) the town was annexed to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Rečyca as well as Orša, Škloŭ, Mahilioŭ, Stary Bychaŭ and Rahačoŭ formed a well-developed frontier defense system at the River Dniepr.
1392–1430 – the reign of Grand Duke Vytautas. He constructed a fortified castle with five towers in the area of the detinets (old Belarusian for the downtown) on the bank of the Dniepr. At that time the town had three fortification lines in the form of water trenches and ramparts with bastions. In the area between the fortress and the second fortification line there was a territory for rich mansions, Church of the Order of Friars Preachers and a trade square. The town inhabitants settled lived between the second and third fortification lines. The construction of the town had clear right-angled forms.
In 1561 the town was partially granted the Magdeburg rights.
In the middle of the 17th century Rečyca was practically destroyed during the Cossack war of 1648–1651. After the Truce of Anrusovo the town became a part of Rzecz Pospolita. In 1793 Rečyca joined Russia and became an used center of the Minsk province.
The first permanent town plan of Rečyca was approved in 1800. During the Napoleon Wars in 1812 the town was a temporary residence of the Minsk governor.
Economics.
Rečyca products are well known in the CIS member-states as well as in other countries. Rečyca produces watercrafts, furniture, beer, which are exported to England, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden and several African countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2930179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930179" title="François Henri Turpin">
François Henri Turpin

François Henri Turpin (1709–1799) was a French man of letters.
He was born at Caen. He was first a professor at the university of his native town, then went to seek his fortunes in Paris, where he made some stir in philosophical circles, and especially in that of the magnificent Helvetius; but he was only able to earn a livelihood with difficulty by putting his pen at the service of the booksellers. He translated, or rather adapted from the English, Edward W Montague's "Histoire du gouvernement des anciennes républiques" (1768), and wrote a continuation of Father Pierre Joseph d'Orléans, "Histoire des revolutions d'Angleterre" (1786).
His "Histoire naturelle et civile du royaume de Siam" (1771) is an interesting but faulty adaptation of the observations of a vicar-apostolic who had lived for a long time in that country, and who accused Turpin of having misrepresented his ideas. His chief work, "La France illustre, ou Le Plutarque français", contains the biographies of generals, ministers, and eminent officers of the law (5 vols, 1777–1790), in which, however, as La Harpe said, he showed himself to be "ni Plutarque ni Français." He also wrote an "Histoire des hommes publics tires du tiers etat" (1789).

</doc>
<doc id="2930197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930197" title="Clarence Ashley">
Clarence Ashley

"Tom" Clarence Ashley (September 29, 1895 – June 2, 1967) was an American clawhammer banjo player, guitarist and singer. He began performing at medicine shows in the Southern Appalachian region as early as 1911, and gained initial fame during the late 1920s as both a solo recording artist and as a member of various string bands. After his "rediscovery" during the folk revival of the 1960s, Ashley spent the last years of his life playing at folk music concerts, including appearances at Carnegie Hall in New York and at the Newport Folk Festival in Rhode Island.
Biography.
Early life.
Clarence Ashley was born Clarence Earl McCurry in Bristol, Tennessee in 1895, the only child of George McCurry and Rose-Belle Ashley. Those who knew George McCurry described him variously as a "one-eyed fiddler, hell-raiser, and big talker." Shortly before Clarence was born, Rose-Belle's father, Enoch Ashley, discovered that George was an adulterer, and George was forced to leave town. Rose-Belle moved back in with her father, and around 1900, the family relocated to Shouns, Tennessee, a crossroads just south of Mountain City, where Enoch ran a boarding house. When Clarence was very young, he was nicknamed "Tommy Tiddy Waddy" (after a nursery rhyme) by his grandfather Enoch, and thus became known to friends and acquaintances as 'Tom'. As he was raised by the parents of his mother, the name "McCurry" was dropped in favor of "Ashley". 
From infancy, Tom was acquainted with musicians. His grandfather bought him a banjo when he was eight years old, and his mother and aunts taught him to play traditional Appalachian folk songs and ballads. He also learned a number of songs and techniques from itinerant lumberjacks and railroad workers lodging at his grandfather's boarding house. In 1911, Tom joined a medicine show that happened to be passing through Mountain City. He played banjo and guitar, and also performed blackface comedy. Tom would play with medicine shows every summer until the early 1940s. During winters, he organized local concerts at rural schools. He would also play for money at coal camps and rayon mills, often accompanied by influential Johnson County fiddler G. B. Grayson.
Recording career and the Great Depression.
Tom made his first recordings for Gennett Records during February 1928 with the Blue Ridge Mountain Entertainers, which then consisted of Ashley on banjo or guitar, Garley Foster on harmonica, and Clarence Horton Greene on fiddle. Later that year, with the help of Victor producer Ralph Peer, Ashley made several recordings with the Carolina Tar Heels, which consisted of Tom on guitar and vocals, his friend Dock Walsh on banjo, and Gwen or Garley Foster on harmonica. In 1929, Frank Walker of Columbia Records auditioned Ashley to make his first solo recordings, as well as to record with a trio called "Byrd Moore and His Hot Shots" at the Johnson City Sessions. During the early 1930s, Ashley again recorded with the Blue Ridge Entertainers, this time for the American Record Corporation. The final recordings from his early era were a series of duets with harmonica player Gwen Foster in 1933.
The effects of the Great Depression made money scarce throughout the early 1930s. Not only was Ashley no longer recruited to make records, it was virtually impossible to earn money playing at coal camps or on street corners. The Depression (along with government regulations) also greatly reduced the crowds that attended medicine shows. Ashley worked briefly as a coal miner in West Virginia, and did odd jobs back in Shouns to support his wife, Hettie, and their two children. In 1937, he established a trucking business in Mountain City that hauled furniture and crops to various cities around the region. Throughout the following decade, Ashley performed as a comedian with the Stanley Brothers. 
He also formed a local string band, the Tennessee Merrymakers.
Rediscovery.
During the folk music revival of the late 1950s and early 1960s, urban ethnomusicologists rediscovered Ashley's music. By this time, Ashley was well-known among folk music enthusiasts due in large part to Harry Smith's 1951 "Anthology of American Folk Music", which included some of Ashley's early recordings. In 1960, Ralph Rinzler met Ashley at the Old Time Fiddler's Convention in Union Grove, North Carolina. 
He eventually persuaded him to start playing banjo again and to record his repertoire of songs. Over the next few years Ashley and his friends Doc Watson, Clint Howard, and Fred Price played at numerous urban folk festivals, including the Chicago Folk Festival in 1962 and the Newport Folk Festival in 1963. They also made two records for Folkways Records. A compilation of the two records plus other recordings are available on "".
Ashley continued touring the folk circuit throughout the mid-1960s. 
He appeared at Carnegie Hall in New York and played at dozens of venues in California. In 1966, Ashley and Reidsville, North Carolina guitarist Tex Isley toured England. A second tour of England was planned for 1967, but Ashley grew ill and discovered he had cancer before he departed. He died in 1967, at the Baptist Hospital in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
In March 2013, the Library of Congress announced that the album, "Old Time Music at Clarence Ashley's", would be added to the National Recording Registry. The album consists of a series of early-1960s recordings by Ralph Rinzler of folk songs performed by Ashley and bandmates Doc Watson, Clint Howard, Fred Price, Gaither Carlton and Tommy Moore.
Repertoire and influence.
Ashley learned much of his repertoire from his grandfather and aunts and itinerant musicians lodging at his grandfather's boarding house in the early 1900s. His unusual G-modal banjo tuning style, which he called "sawmill" (gDGCD from fifth string to the first), was likely taught to him by family members. He recorded several songs derived from English or Irish ballads that were passed down through generations in Appalachia, the best-known of which included "Coo Coo Bird" (which he learned from his mother), "House Carpenter", and "Rude and Rambling Man". Other recordings included the murder ballads "Naomi Wise", "Little Sadie", and "John Hardy", and the folk songs "Frankie Silvers" and "Greenback Dollar". An African-American influence can be heard on Ashley's renderings of "Dark Holler", "Haunted Road Blues", and "Corrina, Corrina". In 1933, Ashley made the first known recording of "The House of the Rising Sun", which he claimed he learned from his grandfather, Enoch. During the folk revival years of the 1960s, Ashley and his band helped to popularize the Southern hymn, "Amazing Grace." 
Several notable musicians cite Ashley as an important influence. Country music singer Roy Acuff once worked medicine shows with Ashley, and Ashley probably taught him "House of the Rising Sun" (which Acuff recorded during 1938) and "Greenback Dollar." Folk musician Doc Watson began his recording career with Ashley in 1960 and played in Ashley's band throughout much of the decade. Grateful Dead frontman Jerry Garcia once said in an interview that he learned clawhammer picking from "listening to Clarence Ashley." Other folk musicians influenced by Ashley include Joan Baez, Judy Collins, and Jean Ritchie.

</doc>
<doc id="2930198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930198" title="Circuit de la Sarthe">
Circuit de la Sarthe

The Circuit des 24 Heures, also known as Circuit de la Sarthe, located in Le Mans, Maine, France, is a semi-permanent race course most famous as the venue for the 24 Hours of Le Mans auto race. The track uses local roads that remain open to the public most of the year. The circuit, in its present configuration, is long, making it one of the longest circuits in the world. Capacity of the race stadium is 100,000.
Le Mans is a race where up to 85% of the time is spent on full throttle, meaning immense stress on engine and drivetrain components. However, the times spent reaching maximum speed also mean tremendous wear on the brakes and suspension as cars must slow from over to around for the end of Mulsanne in a short distance. Downforce in the era of Group C cars helped braking to some degree but presently cars are tending towards low downforce to seek higher speeds in the face of power limiting regulations.
Track modifications.
The track, which was a triangle from Le Mans down south to Mulsanne, northwest to Arnage, and back north to Le Mans, has undergone many modifications over the years, with "CIRCUIT N° 15" being in use since 2014. Even with the modifications put in place over the years, the Sarthe circuit is still known for being very fast; with average speeds in excess of being achieved by the prototypes.
In the 1920s, the cars drove from the present pits on "Rue de Laigné" straight into the city, and after a tight right-hander near the river Sarthe Pontlieue bridge (a hairpin permanently removed from the circuit in 1929), left the city again on the rather straight street now named "Avenue Georges Durand" after the race's founder. Then long and unpaved, a bypass within the city shortened the track in 1929, but only in 1932 the city was bypassed when the section from the pits via the Dunlop Bridge and the Esses to Tertre Rouge was added. This classic configuration was long and remained almost unaltered even after the 1955 tragedy. Its frighteningly narrow pit straight was narrowed off to make room for the pits and was part of the road itself, without the road becoming wider just for the pits. The pit straight was about wide (the pit straight was widened in 1956) and the race track and pits were not separated for another 15 years. The pit area was modified at a cost of 300 million francs, the signalling area was even moved to the exit of the slow Mulsanne corner, and the track was resurfaced.
With cars getting ever faster in the 1960s, criticism rose, especially when several drivers were killed, often in the testing session in April. Since 1965, a smaller but permanent Bugatti Circuit was added which shares the pit lane facilities and the first corner (including the famous Dunlop bridge) with the longer version. For the 1968 race, the Ford chicane was added before the pits to slow down the cars. The circuit was fitted with Armco for the 1969 race. The Maison Blanche kink was prone to criticism, a number of nasty accidents happened at the very fast kink over the years, such as John Woolfe being killed there in his Porsche 917 in 1969 and three Ferrari 512s (including two works cars) were involved in a pile-up there in 1970, with the latter shunt sealing the very fast classic circuit's fate. The circuit was modified ten more times—in 1971 (a year where the prototypes were averaging over , which was also the last year the classic circuit was used) Armco was added to the pit straight to separate the track from the pits, and in 1972, the last part of the race track was revamped considerably—with the quick Porsche curves bypassing Maison Blanche and part of the first straight and all of the second straight between the pits and Maison Blanche. One of the Porsche Curves was affectionately named "Maison Blanche" and a short straight with a slight kink and two chicanes before the pits named the Ford chicanes were all added.
In 1979, due to the construction of a new public road, the profile of Tertre Rouge had to be changed. This redesign led to a faster double-apex corner as well as requiring the removal of the second Dunlop Bridge. In 1986, because of construction of a new roundabout at the Mulsanne corner, a new portion of track had to be built in order to avoid the roundabout. This created a right hand kink prior to Mulsanne corner. In 1987, a chicane was added to the very fast Dunlop curve where cars would go under the Dunlop bridge at , now they would be slowed to .
In 1990, two chicanes were added onto the Mulsanne straight (explained in more detail below), and in 1994, the Dunlop chicane was tightened, in 2002, the run to the Esses was revamped because of a reconstruction of the Bugatti Circuit. The Le Mans circuit was changed between the Dunlop Bridge and Esses, with the straight now becoming a set of fast sweeping turns. This layout allowed for a better transition from the Le Mans circuit to the Bugatti circuit. This layout change would also require the track's infamous carnival to be relocated because the area it had once occupied became runoff. The carnival was relocated to the Porsche curves, and in 2006, the ACO redeveloped the area around the Dunlop Curve and Dunlop Chicane, moving the Dunlop Curve in tighter to create more run-off area, while also turning the Dunlop Chicane into a larger set of turns. As part of the development, a new extended pit lane exit was created for the Bugatti Circuit. This second pit exit re-enters the track just beyond the Dunlop Chicane and before the Dunlop Bridge.
Following the fatal crash of Danish driver Allan Simonsen at the 2013 race at the exit of Tertre Rouge into D338, Tertre Rouge was re-profiled again. The radius will be moved in approximately 200m for safety reasons with new tyre barriers at the exit. 
Le Mans was most famous for its long straight, called "Ligne Droite des Hunaudières", a part of the "route départementale" (for the Sarthe "département") D338 (formerly Route Nationale N138). As the Hunaudières leads to the village of Mulsanne, it is often called the "Mulsanne Straight" in English, even though the proper "Route du Mulsanne" is the one to Arnage. The Porsche 917 "long tail" had reached , but after engine size was limited, the top speed dropped until the Group C allowed powerful turbo engines. Speeds on the straight by the Group C prototypes reached over during the late 1980s, and the combination of high speed and high downforce caused tyre and engine failures, as this circuit was extremely hard on both tyres and engines before 1990, less so in 1990 and beyond. Due to safety concerns after the extremely high speeds reached at the end of the straight and a number of hideously violent, sometimes fatal accidents in the 1980s (Jean-Louis Lafosse in 1981 and Jo Gartner in 1986) two roughly equally spaced chicanes were consequently added to the straight before the 1990 race to limit the achievable maximum speed. The chicanes were added in 1990 also because the FIA decreed it would no longer sanction a circuit which had a straight longer than . The fastest qualifying lap average speed dropped only from 249 to in 1993, and it rose up to 247 km/h in 2008, not far from the all time best of 250 and 251 km/h set by the Porsche 917 and 956. Regarding the lap record in the race itself, 2008 saw the fastest ever.
Bugatti Circuit.
Bugatti Circuit is a permanent race track located within Circuit des 24 Heures, named after Ettore Bugatti. The circuit uses a part of the larger circuit and a separate, purpose-built section. The sections of track on the Bugatti Circuit that are on the Circuit des 24 Heures include the Ford Chicane at the end of the lap, the pit complex, and the straight where the Dunlop Tyres bridge is located. At this point in the overlapping section of the tracks there is a left right sweep that was added for motorcycle safety in 2002. Vehicles turning to the left continue onto the Circuit des 24 Heures, toward Tertre Rouge and Mulsanne, vehicles turning to the right will continue the Bugatti Circuit. 
The track is home base for Pescarolo Sport, founded by famous French driver Henri Pescarolo. The circuit also hosts the 24 Hours of Le Mans motorcycle race, and a round of the MotoGP Championship. The circuit also holds French motor club races and in the past has hosted rounds of the International Formula 3000 Championship and DTM (German Touring Car series).
As well as motor racing it is the venue for the 24 rollers, a 24h race on inline skates or quads.
The Bugatti Circuit was used for the 1967 French Grand Prix, and is the current host of the French motorcycle Grand Prix.
Speed record.
In 1988, Team WM Peugeot knew they had no chance of winning the 24 hour endurance race, but they also knew that their Welter Racing designed car had very good aerodynamics. Thus they nicknamed their 1988 entry "Project 400" (aiming to be the first car to achieve a speed of 400 km/h on the famous straight), although the official team entry was named WM Secateva. Roger Dorchy, Claude Haldi and Jean-Daniel Raulet would be the three drivers that year.
3 hours into the race the team decided to go for it. The air intakes for the Peugeot 2.8L V6 turbo charged PRV engine were covered with duct tape to improve aerodynamics, and they also equipped the car with special narrow Michelin tires. The plan worked: with Roger Dorchy behind the wheel the WM P87 achieved the speed of 407 km/h (253 mph).
Taping over the air intakes obviously impeded engine cooling and the Peugeot retired shortly after that (on lap 59) with an overheating engine. By then it has outlasted two other Group C1 entrants.

</doc>
<doc id="2930200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930200" title="Santa Catarina (ship)">
Santa Catarina (ship)

Santa Catarina was a Portuguese merchant ship, a 1500 ton carrack, that was seized by the Dutch East India Company (also known as V.O.C) during February 1603 off Singapore. She was such a rich prize that her sale proceeds increased the capital of the V.O.C by more than 50%. From the large amounts of Ming Chinese porcelain captured in this ship, Chinese pottery became known in Holland as "Kraakporselein", or "carrack-porcelain" for many years.
The capture of "Santa Catarina".
At dawn of 25 February 1603 three Dutch ships under the command of Admiral Jacob van Heemskerk spotted the carrack at anchor off the Eastern coast of Singapore. The Portuguese ship, captained by Sebastian Serrão, was travelling from Macau to Malacca, laden with products from China and Japan, including 1200 bales of Chinese raw silk, worth 2.2 million guilders. The cargo was particularly valuable because it contained several hundred ounces of musk. After a couple of hours of fighting, the Dutch managed to subdue the crew who forfeited the cargo and the ship, in return for the safety of their lives. The Amsterdam Admiralty Court declared the captured carrack good prize on 4 September 1604.
This period marked the start of the Dutch–Portuguese War that would end the Portuguese monopoly on trade in the East Indies. The Dutch who had found about the trade routes in 1596 due to another Dutchman, Jan Huyghen van Linschoten, were attempting to appropriate some of that wealth for themselves.
"Santa Catarina" and "Mare Clausum" versus "Mare Liberum" controversy.
The Dutch were at war with Spain and Portugal when "Santa Catarina" was captured. Though Heemskerk did not have authorization from the company or the government to initiate the use of force, many shareholders were eager to accept the riches that he brought back to them. Not only was the legality of keeping the prize questionable under Dutch statute, but a faction of shareholders (mostly Mennonite) in the Company also objected to the forceful seizure on moral grounds, and of course, the Portuguese demanded the return of their cargo. The scandal led to a public judicial hearing and a wider campaign to sway public (and international) opinion. It was in this wider contest that representatives of the Company called upon jurist Hugo Grotius to draft a polemical defence of the seizure.
Grotius sought to ground his defense of the seizure in terms of the natural principles of justice. One chapter of his long theory-laden treatise entitled "De Jure Prædæ" made it to the press in the form of the influential pamphlet, "Mare Liberum" ("The Free Sea").
In "Mare Liberum", published in 1609, Grotius adapted the principle originally formulated by Francisco de Vitoria and further developed by Fernando Vazquez de Menchaca (cf. the School of Salamanca), that the sea was international territory, against the Portuguese "Mare Clausum" (closed sea) policy, and all nations were free to use it for seafaring trade. Grotius, by claiming 'free seas', provided suitable ideological justification for the Dutch breaking up of various trade monopolies through its formidable naval power.
England, competing fiercely with the Dutch for domination of world trade, opposed this idea, redefining the Mare Clausum principles. As conflicting claims grew out of the controversy, maritime states came to moderate their demands and base their maritime claims on the principle that it extended seawards from land. A workable formula was found by Cornelius Bynkershoek in his "De dominio maris" (1702), restricting maritime dominion to the actual distance within which cannon range could effectively protect it. This became universally adopted and developed into the three-mile limit.

</doc>
<doc id="2930225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930225" title="Trinity term">
Trinity term

Trinity term is the third and final term of the academic year at University of Oxford, the University of Dublin, and some independent schools in the United Kingdom. It runs from about mid April to about the end of June and is named after Trinity Sunday, which falls eight weeks after Easter, in May or June.
At the University of Oxford, following the resolution made by Council on 8 May 2002, Trinity Term begins on and includes 20 April or the Wednesday after Easter, whichever is the later, and ends on and includes 6 July. In Trinity Term, as in Michaelmas Term and in Hilary Term, there is a period of eight weeks known as Full Term, beginning on a Sunday, within which lectures and other instruction prescribed by statute or regulation are given. The dates on which each Full Term will begin and end in the next academic year but one are published by the Registrar in the University Gazette during Hilary Term.
At the University of Sydney, it was the second and coldest of the three terms, running from the 24th to the 34th Mondays of the year (late May to early August) in the middle of winter, until Sydney changed over to the two semester system in 1989.
The term is also one of four into which the legal year is divided by the Courts of England and Wales, from 22 May to 12 June, during which the superior courts were formerly open. "Trinity term" is also used for the sitting of the High Court of Justice of England between 9 June and 31 July also known as "Trinity sitting".
Schools.
Schools in the United Kingdom which use the name 'Trinity term' include:

</doc>
<doc id="2930228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930228" title="WWE Raw 2">
WWE Raw 2

WWE Raw 2 is a video game released for the Xbox console by THQ in 2003, and developed by Tokyo-based company Anchor Inc. It is the sequel to the "WWE Raw" game that was released in 2002.
Gameplay.
For the first time in the series, a season mode is included in the game. It allows players to set up wrestlers, call others out from the locker room, form alliances, and hire managers.
In Create a Superstar users have the ability to choose their character's alignment type and whether he or she is to be a face or heel. The alignments determine who the character's friends and enemies are in the career mode.
Raw 2 also allows players to edit WWE's wrestlers into the way they want them to look. In season mode, alignment cannot be changed, but gamers can change who likes or dislikes their wrestler through the various options. Changing between face and heel can also be done through the options.
The game features several arenas that WWE held events in during 2002 and 2003. There are also arenas based upon each WWE television show.
New match stipulations are included in the game: Hell in a Cell, TLC and Royal Rumble matches are available in Raw 2. The Create an Entrance feature allows the player to use custom music tracks that have been ripped onto their Xbox's hard disk, synchronize two sets of pyrotechnics with taunts or poses, and create an entrance video featuring the player's character performing various wrestling moves. Upon its release, the game was praised for an improved and more current roster. A select few of these abilities returned for WWE '12 and WWE '13.
Season Mode.
To successfully complete a season, the player is required to play through 12 months of "Raw" and "SmackDown" shows, as well as Pay-Per-View events, and finish the season with either the WWE Championship, or the World Heavyweight Championship. Successful seasons earn points, which can be seen in the "Hall of Fame" section of the main menu of the game, which in turn unlocks items of clothing and entrance videos which can later be used in the creation or modification of characters. However, these items can also be unlocked using the "Steal" action during events in Season Mode. Unlike season modes from the "SmackDown series", "Raw 2" has no voice overs or text. The odds of receiving title shots, and of successfully completing the various available actions in season mode, are mostly based on the popularity of the character in use.
However, other factors, such as a character's level of friendliness towards other characters, such as Surprise Attacks, Encouragement, or the use of repetitive call-outs can also affect the odds. There are a few flaws in the season mode, however: if the player is competing in a title match, the belt can be won via disqualification, going against WWE rules. Another flaw is, if two superstars are competing for either the World Heavyweight Championship or the WWE Championship; and somebody interferes they will become the champion. Also, divas are able to win World Titles. Another flaw during gameplay is while playing Royal Rumble, you can exit the ring on your own terms and still not be eliminated. However, under rules that the Royal Rumble is over-the-top-rope, as long as you do not flip over, jump over or step over the top rope, or you go under the top rope, this would be legal, as was seen numerous times in the 2003 Royal Rumble.

</doc>
<doc id="2930230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930230" title="Damian Harrell">
Damian Harrell

Damian Deron Harrell (born September 1, 1975 in Miami, Florida) was an arena football wide receiver who is currently a coach in the Arena Football League for the Pittsburgh Power. He played college football at Florida State University.
In his career, Harrell had also played for the New England Sea Wolves, Toronto Phantoms, and Colorado Crush and Chicago Rush. He had also been named AFL Offensive Player of the Year twice (2005 and 2006), First Team All-Arena twice (2005 and 2006), Second Team All-Arena twice (2004 and 2007), AFL Offensive Player of the Month twice (February 2003 and April 2006), Offensive Player of the Game 24 times, and Game MVP 10 times. He also holds numerous Arena Football League records.
High school career.
At South Miami Senior High School, Harrell lettered in both football and basketball. During his junior year, he was once struck by lightning during practice and was hospitalized for nearly two weeks. He returned to the field for the final three games of the season.
College career.
Community College career.
Harrell attended the City College of San Francisco for two years. He finished his community college football career with 67 receptions for 1,160 yards (17.31 avg.), and seventeen touchdowns.
Florida State University.
Harrell played two seasons at Florida State University (1995 and 1997), catching 36 career passes for 466 yards and four touchdownss, after transferring from City College of San Francisco. He red-shirted for the 1996 season after undergoing reconstructive surgery on his left knee. Harrell had 13 receptions for 178 yards and three touchdowns in his first season at Florida State. He recorded 23 receptions for 288 yards as a senior in 1997 but tore ligaments in his right knee in the season finale against Florida and missed the Seminoles win over Ohio State in the 1998 Sugar Bowl.
Professional career.
New England Sea Wolves (1999 - 2000).
In 1999, Harrell was signed by Mike Hohensee and the New England Sea Wolves on January 18, 1999. He made his league debut April 23 during a road game against the Florida Bobcats. He finished his rookie season with 25 receptions for 362 yards and nine touchdowns.
In 2000, Harrell played in the season’s first seven games before suffering a broken left forearm during a road game in Buffalo and missing the rest of the season. He finished the season with 61 receptions for 808 yards and 18 touchdowns. He also rushed for two touchdowns and returned a kickoff return 48 yards for a touchdown. He was the league's leading receiver when his injury cost him the rest of the season.
Toronto Phantoms (2001 - 2002).
In 2001, Harrell moved with the Sea Wolves to Toronto. During the season he recorded 98 passes for 1,340 yards and 20 touchdowns while playing in all 14 regular season games for the Toronto Phantoms. He finished the season ranked eighth in the AFL in receptions and fifth in receiving yards. He was named Game MVP three times during the regular season, and once in the playoffs. He had a season-high 10 receptions on the road against the Dragons and a season-high 140 yards receiving on the road against the Tampa Bay Storm.
In 2002, Harrell recorded 92 receptions for 1,277 yards and 19 touchdowns in 13 games, finishing the season ranked fifth in the league in receiving yards and sixth in receptions. He recorded seven passes for a season-high 145 yards and four touchdowns in an overtime loss to the Dragons on the final day of the season. He also had a season-high 10 receptions for 121 yards and a touchdown against the Indiana Firebirds.
Colorado Crush (2003 - 2007).
On December 12, 2002 Harrell signed with the Colorado Crush.
In 2003, he started 14 games, recording 97 receptions for 1,426 yards and 38 touchdowns. He finished the season ranked ninth in the league in receptions, eighth in receiving yards and fourth in scoring (234 points). He was placed on Injured Reserve and missed the season’s final two weeks with a dislocated left wrist suffered on the final play of the team’s overtime loss against the Predators. He caught a season-high 11 passes for 128 yards and two touchdowns on the road against the Las Vegas Gladiators. He was named the AFL’s Offensive Player of the Month for February after catching 30 passes for 475 yards and 15 touchdowns in four games during the month. Harrell was voted MVP of the Game in Colorado’s first game in franchise history, February 2 against the Force. He recorded eight receptions for 135 yards and five touchdowns.
In 2004, Harrell was voted Second Team All-Arena after recording 114 receptions for 1,715 yards and 43 touchdowns in 16 games. He finished the season ranked third in the league in receiving yards and scoring (258 points) and fifth in receptions. He was named Offensive Player of the Game seven times during the regular season and once in the playoffs. Harrell had 13 receptions for a career-high 208 yards and three touchdowns and was named Offensive Player of the Game on the road against the Detroit Fury. He was named Offensive Player of the Game after catching two touchdown passes in the game’s final 12 seconds to lead the team to a season-opening 43-42 win against the Gladiators.
In 2005, Harrell was named AFL Offensive Player of the Year and First Team All-Arena after recording 122 receptions for 1,486 yards and 41 touchdowns and helping lead Colorado to the ArenaBowl XIX championship. He recorded eight receptions for 122 yards and two touchdowns in the ArenaBowl win over the Force. He recorded a season-high 13 receptions for 130 yards and four touchdowns on the road against the New Orleans VooDoo. He was named Offensive Player of the Game against the Los Angeles Avengers after recording 10 receptions for 135 yards and five touchdowns. He was also named Offensive Player of the Game three other times during the season, on the road against the Arizona Rattlers, against the Gladiators and against the Nashville Kats.
In 2006, Harrell was named AFL Offensive Player of the Year and First Team All-Arena for the second-consecutive season after setting career highs with 152 receptions for 1,920 yards and a league record 60 touchdowns in 16 games. He was named AFL Offensive Player of the Month for April after recording 56 receptions for 642 yards and 21 touchdowns in just five games. This stretch included an against the Predators in which he recorded a career-high 15 receptions for 172 yards and five touchdowns and broke the league’s single season record for touchdowns, the old record was 46. Harrell was also voted AFL Offensive Player of the Week twice (Weeks 12 and 14) and named Offensive Player of the Game 10 times during the regular season.
In 2007, Harrell was voted Second Team All-Arena after recording 132 receptions for 1,547 yards and 47 touchdowns in 16 games. He finished the season tied for fourth in the league in receptions, fourth in scoring (282 points) and seventh in receiving yards. He was named Offensive Player of the Game for the third time, against the Gladiators after recording nine receptions for 91 yards and four touchdowns. He had 10 receptions for 159 yards and a season-high six touchdowns on the road against the Chicago Rush. He recorded a season-high 14 receptions for a season-high 181 yards and three touchdowns on the road against the Philadelphia Soul. He was then named Offensive Player of the Game after recording 10 receptions for 154 yards and four touchdowns against the Rattlers. Harrell was named Offensive Player of the Game after recording eight receptions for 95 yards and three touchdowns in a season-opening loss to the Grand Rapids Rampage.
Chicago Rush (2008).
On November 2, 2007, Harrell signed a three-year contract with the Chicago Rush. He began the 2008 season ranked second in league history in touchdown receptions (295), third in receiving yards (11,881) and fourth in receptions (893). He also ranked second in career 100-yard receiving games (58) and fourth in career five touchdown games (13).
In 2008, Harrell appeared in 15 games for the Rush, recording 94 receptions for 1,173 yards 25 touchdowns. In Week 2, he recorded his season high in receiving touchdowns with three. During Week 13 against the Utah Blaze, he tied his season-high in receptions with 10, and recorded a season-high 147 yards.
Harrell finished the season ranked fourth in league history in receptions (987), third in receiving yards (13,075), and first in receiving touchdowns (321). However, on August 28, 2008, he was released by the Rush.
Milwaukee (2010-2011).
After taking a year off, Harrell returned to the game as member of the Milwaukee Iron in 2010. His first season with the team, he pulled in 100 receptions for 1,258 yards and 28 touchdowns.
In 2011, the Iron changed their names to the Milwaukee Mustangs, and Harrell was once again a member of the team. Harrell had since become the AFL's all time best receiver, as he now ranks 1st in receptions (1,164), receiving yards (12,134) and touchdowns (358).
Coaching career.
Milwaukee Mustangs (2012).
Following his retirement from playing, Harrell went right into coaching in 2012 as the wide receivers coach for the Mustangs. When the Mustangs suspended operations at the end of the 2012 season, Harrell stopped coaching.
Pittsburgh Power (2014-present).
Harrell joined the Pittsburgh Power in 2014 as the team's wide receivers coach.
Personal.
Harrell, along with his wife, Melani live in Denver during the off-season. They have two children, Deron, Malia. In May 1998, he received a bachelor’s degree in criminology from Florida State University.

</doc>
<doc id="2930232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930232" title="Diacope">
Diacope

Diacope is a rhetorical term meaning repetition of a word or phrase with one or two intervening words. It derives from a Greek word meaning "cut in two".
Examples.
The first line in the poem not to deploy diacope is the one about death being "a pause."

</doc>
<doc id="2930244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930244" title="Atlantic hurricane season">
Atlantic hurricane season

The Atlantic hurricane season is the period in a year when hurricanes usually form in the Atlantic Ocean. Tropical cyclones in the North Atlantic are called hurricanes, tropical storms, or tropical depressions. In addition, there have been several storms over the years that have not been fully tropical which are categorised as subtropical depressions and subtropical storms.
Worldwide, tropical cyclone activity peaks in late summer, when the difference between temperatures aloft and sea surface temperatures is the greatest. However, each particular basin has its own seasonal patterns. On a worldwide scale, May is the least active month, while September is the most active. In the Northern Atlantic Ocean, a distinct hurricane season occurs from June 1 to November 30, sharply peaking from late August through September; the season's climatological peak of activity occurs around September 10 each season.
Tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre-determined list. On average, 10.1 named storms occur each season, with an average of 5.9 becoming hurricanes and 2.5 becoming major hurricanes (Category 3 or greater). The most active season was 2005, during which 28 tropical cyclones formed, of which a record 15 became hurricanes. The least active season was the 1914, with only one known tropical cyclone developing during that year.
The Atlantic hurricane season is a time when most tropical cyclones are expected to develop across the northern Atlantic Ocean. It is currently defined as the time frame from June 1 through November 30, though in the past the season was defined as a shorter time frame. During the season, regular tropical weather outlooks are issued by the National Hurricane Center, and coordination between the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center and National Hurricane Center occurs for systems which have not formed yet, but could develop during the next three to seven days.
Concept.
The basic concept of a hurricane season began during 1935, when dedicated wire circuits known as hurricane circuits began to be set up along the Gulf and Atlantic coasts, a process completed by 1955. It was originally the time frame when the tropics were monitored routinely for tropical cyclone activity, and was originally defined as from June 15 through October 31. Over the years, the beginning date was shifted back to June 1, while the end date was shifted to November 15, before settling at November 30 by 1965. This was when hurricane reconnaissance planes were sent out to fly across the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico on a routine basis to look for potential tropical cyclones, in the years prior to the continuous weather satellite era. Since regular satellite surveillance began, hurricane hunter aircraft fly only into storm areas which are first spotted by satellite imagery.
Operations.
During the hurricane season, the National Hurricane Center routinely issues their Tropical Weather Outlook product, which identifies areas of concern within the tropics which could develop into tropical cyclones. If systems occur outside the defined hurricane season, special Tropical Weather Outlooks will be issued. Routine coordination occurs at 1700 UTC each day between the Weather Prediction Center and National Hurricane Center to identify systems for the pressure maps three to seven days into the future within the tropics, and points for existing tropical cyclones six to seven days into the future. Possible tropical cyclones are depicted with a closed isobar, while systems with less certainty to develop are depicted as "spot lows" with no isobar surrounding them.
HURDAT.
The North Atlantic hurricane database, or HURDAT, is the database for all tropical storms and hurricanes for the Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea, including those that have made landfall in the United States. The original database of six-hourly positions and intensities were put together in the 1960s in support of the Apollo space program to help provide statistical track forecast guidance. In the intervening years, this database — which is now freely and easily accessible on the Internet from the National Hurricane Center's (NHC's) Webpage — has been utilized for a wide variety of uses: climatic change studies, seasonal forecasting, risk assessment for county emergency managers, analysis of potential losses for insurance and business interests, intensity forecasting techniques and verification of official and various model predictions of track and intensity.
HURDAT was not designed with all of these uses in mind when it was first put together and not all of them may be appropriate given its original motivation. HURDAT contains numerous systematic as well as some random errors in the database. Additionally, analysis techniques have changed over the years at NHC as their understanding of tropical cyclones has developed, leading to biases in the historical database. Another difficulty in applying the hurricane database to studies concerned with landfalling events is the lack of exact location, time and intensity at hurricane landfall.
Re-analysis Project.
HURDAT is regularly updated annually to reflect the previous season's activity. The older portion of the database has been regularly revised since 2001. The first time in 2001 led to the addition of tropical cyclone tracks for the years 1851 to 1885. The second time was August 2002 when Hurricane Andrew was upgraded to a Category 5. Recent efforts into uncovering undocumented historical hurricanes in the late 19th and 20th centuries by various researchers have greatly increased our knowledge of these past events. Possible changes for the years 1951 onward are not yet incorporated into the HURDAT database. Because of all of these issues, a re-analysis of the Atlantic hurricane database is being attempted that will be completed in three years.
In addition to the groundbreaking work by Partagas, additional analyses, digitization and quality control of the data was carried out by researchers at the NOAA Hurricane Research Division funded by the NOAA Office of Global Programs. This re-analysis will continue to progress through the remainder of the 20th century.
The National Hurricane Center's Best Track Change Committee had approved changes for the 1851-1930 hurricane seasons, as well as a few recent cyclones, such as Hurricane Andrew. Official changes to the Atlantic hurricane database are approved by the National Hurricane Center Best Track Change Committee. Thus research conducted by Chris Landsea and colleagues as part of the Atlantic hurricane database reanalysis project are submitted through this review process. Not all Landsea's recommendations are accepted by the Committee.
Number of tropical storms and hurricanes per season.
This bar chart shows the number of named storms and hurricanes per year from 1851-2013:

</doc>
<doc id="2930245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930245" title="Walter R. Peterson, Jr.">
Walter R. Peterson, Jr.

Walter Rutherford Peterson, Jr. (September 19, 1922 – June 1, 2011) was an American realtor, educator, and Republican politician from Peterborough, New Hampshire, who served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and two terms as Governor of New Hampshire.
Early life.
Peterson was born September 19, 1922 in Nashua, New Hampshire, and graduated from Nashua High School and New Hampton School. He attended William and Mary College and the University of New Hampshire and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1947. Peterson left his college studies to fulfill four years' service as a United States Navy Reserve officer in the South Pacific during World War II. After graduating from Dartmouth College, Peterson became a partner in The Petersons, Inc., a real estate firm in Peterborough, New Hampshire where he and family members worked until the late 1990s.
He married Dorothy Donovan in 1949. They had two children, Margaret and Andrew.
Political career.
Peterson joined New Hampshire state politics in 1961 where he served as a representative and House Speaker.
Governorship.
Peterson, a moderate Republican, was governor from 1969–1973; in a period when the state was experiencing rapid growth and looking for ways to fund new infrastructure costs. He lost a bid for re-election in 1972 after renouncing a pledge to veto any attempt to institute an income or sales tax. In later years, he warned the state Republican party against becoming too far right on the political spectrum.
Life after politics.
After Peterson's term as governor, he became President of Franklin Pierce College in 1975, and served until his retirement in 1995. He also served one year as president of the University of New Hampshire. In 1996 he became a trustee of the University System of New Hampshire.
During the 2008 election cycle, Peterson served as honorary chairman of John McCain's campaign during the New Hampshire primary, and as Chairman of "Republicans for Lynch", a group of Republicans supporting the re-election of Democratic governor John Lynch. At age 86, his name emerged as a possible appointee to the United States Senate if Judd Gregg accepted the offer to serve as Secretary of Commerce in the cabinet of President Barack Obama. Gregg, however, subsequently withdrew his name from consideration after he was nominated.
Death.
In March 2011, Peterson (who was not a smoker) was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died on June 1.

</doc>
<doc id="2930247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930247" title="Stress tensor">
Stress tensor

Stress tensor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930252" title="Polna">
Polna

Polna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930259" title="Michaelmas term">
Michaelmas term

Michaelmas term is the first academic term of the academic year in a number of English-speaking universities and schools, especially in the United Kingdom. Michaelmas term derives its name from the Feast of St Michael and All Angels, which falls on 29 September. The term runs from September or October to Christmas.
The legal year.
The term is also the name of the first of four terms into which the legal year is divided by the Courts of England and Wales and the Courts of Northern Ireland. While the name is not used in the United States court systems, the United States Supreme Court nevertheless follows the custom by beginning its year-long term on the first Monday in October, a date which generally coincides with Michaelmas.
Universities.
Universities in the United Kingdom and Ireland which use the name 'Michaelmas term' include:
In addition, the name is used unofficially in several other University of London colleges. It also used to be the third and final term at the University of Sydney before it swapped over to the two semester system in 1989.
At the University of Oxford, following the resolution made by Council on 8 May 2002, Michaelmas Term begins on and includes 1 October and ends on and includes 17 December. In Michaelmas Term, as in Hilary Term and in Trinity Term, there is a period of eight weeks known as Full Term, beginning on a Sunday, within which lectures and other instruction prescribed by statute or regulation are given. The dates on which each Full Term will begin and end in the next academic year but one are published by the Registrar in the University Gazette during Hilary Term.
Schools.
Schools in the United Kingdom which use the name 'Michaelmas term' include:
Schools in the United States which use the name 'Michaelmas term' include:

</doc>
<doc id="2930266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930266" title="Bethlehemites">
Bethlehemites

Bethlehemites, or Bethlemites, is a name borne at different times by three orders dedicated to Our Lady of Bethlehem in the Roman Catholic Church. The Betlemitas was the first American-born religious order.
Military orders of Bethlehemites.
There were two military orders known under the name of Bethlehemites.
(1) Mathew Paris calls attention to the former in his "Grande Chronique" (tr. Huillard-Bréholles, Paris, 1840, 8 vo, III, 300) where he mentions that Henry III of England authorized them to open a house in a suburb of Cambridge (1257); but he leaves us in complete ignorance as to their founder, where they originated, and their history. We only know that their habit was similar to that of the Dominican order and that a red star, whose five rays emanated from an azure center (in reference to Matt. ii. 9 f), decorated the breast of their cape. This was in commemoration of the star that appeared to the Magi and led them to Bethlehem. Nothing further is known of this military order.
There was an order of knights whose members wore a red star on their costume and who might have been called Bethlehemites because of having a house in Bethlehem at the time of the Crusades; this was the Military Order of Crusaders of the Red Star ("Ordo militaris crucigerorum cum rubeâ stellâ"). They came from Palestine to Bohemia in 1217, and Blessed Agnes of Bohemia confided two hospitals to their charge. They have since remained in that country where they devote themselves to the care of the sick, to education, and to the various works of the ecclesiastical ministry.
(2) After the taking of Constantinople by the Turks (1453), Pope Pius II founded under the patronage of Our Lady of Bethlehem an order of knights for the defence of the Island of Lemnos which Cardinal Louis Patriarch of Aquileia, had recaptured from Mohammed II. The island was to be their headquarters whence they were to oppose the attacks of the Moslems by way of the Aegean Sea and the Hellespont. The order was composed of brother-knights and priests governed by an elective grand-master. The white costume worn by the members was decorated with a red cross and the rule prescribed for them was very similar to that of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem.
The pope installed this community on January 18, 1459, and, that their needs might be supplied, turned over to them the property and revenues of the order of St. Lazarus, order of Sainte-Marie du Château des Bretons, order of Bologna, order of the Holy Sepulchre, order of Santo Spirito in Sassia, order of St. Mary of the Crossed Friars, and order of St. James of Lucca, suppressing all these orders for this purpose. Pius II alluded in a Bull to this foundation and the bravery of its knights, but the second capture of Lemnos by the Turks rendered the institution useless. Thus the order of Our Lady of Bethlehem was suppressed almost as soon as founded and those orders whose goods the pope had transmitted to it were re-established.
Belemites.
The hospitaler Bethlehemites, or Belemites, were founded by Pedro de Betancourt, a descendant of the celebrated Juan de Betancourt, who, early in the 15th century, achieved the conquest of the Canary Islands for Henry III of Spain, Pedro was born at Villaflora on the Island of Teneriffe (Canaries) in 1619. From childhood he led a pious, austere life and in 1650 left family and country to carry out his desire of going to the West Indies. During the following year he reached Guatemala, the capital of New Spain, where he intended to prepare for the priesthood that later he might go forth and evangelize Japan. Three years of unsuccessful study at a Jesuit college led him to abandon this idea and, after holding the position of sacristan for a while in a church dedicated to the Virgin Mary, he rented a house in a suburb of the city called Calvary, and there taught reading and catechism to poor children, but this charitable work did not furnish sufficient outlet for his zeal.
The condition of the sick poor excited his compassion and he sheltered them in his home which he converted into a hospital. His zeal elicited benefactions from those around him and the bishop and governor supplied him with all the conveniences he required. Several individuals provided for the purchase of the houses surrounding the one he then occupied and on their site was erected a hospital in which this servant of God could labour to better advantage. He himself worked with the masons. The hospital was thoroughly equipped and stocked and even offered an opportunity for the religious installment of those who tended the sick. The institution was placed under the patronage of Our Lady of Bethlehem.
Helpers soon joined Pedro de Betancourt and at length was formed a congregation of brothers generally known as Bethlehemites and so called on account of their house. But the care of the sick did not totally absorb their attention; they likewise lent their assistance in the two other hospitals of the city and Pedro continued to befriend poor children. The prisoners also excited his compassion. Every Thursday he begged for them through the city and visited them in their cells.
The neglected souls in purgatory were also the objects of his solicitude and at the principal gates of the city he founded two hermitages, or chapels, wherein religious of his community begged, so that masses might be celebrated for the souls of the deceased. He himself would travel the streets at night ringing a bell and recommending these souls to be prayed for.
His devotion to the Blessed Virgin was inspiring and during a novena of preparation for the Feast of the Purification his religious, with arms extended in the form of a cross, recited the rosary in their chapel at midnight in the midst of a great throng. In 1654 he made a vow to defend the Immaculate Conception even at the peril of his life. He died, exhausted by labour and penance, 25 April 1667, at the age of forty-eight. His funeral was impressive and at the request of the Capuchin Fathers he was buried in their church where, for a long time, his remains were held in veneration.
Before establishing his Guatemala hospital, Pedro de Betancourt had become affiliated with the Third Order of St. Francis, adopting its religious garb which he still retained after founding his congregation. He personally trained his first disciples and had no wish to organize a community, but simply to establish his hospital. He sent Brother Anthony of the Cross to Spain to solicit the king's approbation of the work. The favour was granted, but Pedro died before the messenger's return.
From that time the community prospered, beginning with the extension of the hospital and the erection of a beautiful church. Brother Anthony, who assumed the government, drew up constitutions which he submitted to the bishop of the diocese for approval and it was at this juncture that the Capuchins requested him to make some alterations in the habit worn by his religious. A free school for poor children was already connected with the Bethlehem hospital, a feature of all new foundations. One of these was soon undertaken by Brother Anthony of the Cross who sent two of his community to Peru where they were very favourably received by the viceroy to whom he had recommended them. Doctor Antoine d'Arvila gave them the Hospital of Notre Dame du Carmel which he was then establishing at Lima (in Peru) and afterwards solicited admission among them.
In 1672 Brother Roderick of the Cross obtained the confirmation of this establishment by the King of Spain and it was also through his efforts that Pope Clement X confirmed the congregation and its constitutions (1673). After his return to America this religious founded the Hospital of St. Francis Xavier in Mexico and those of Chachapoyas, Cajamarca and Trujillo, going back to Spain in 1681 to secure the confirmation of these new institutions. The Spanish colonial Council of the Indies assigned the hospital of Lima an income of 3,000 crowns. The Bethlehemites, because of making only simple vows, remained under diocesan jurisdiction from which they wished, however, to be freed so that their congregation might be converted into a regular religious order bound by solemn vows. The Spanish court did not approve this plan and at first the Holy See was not favourable to it, but due chiefly to the influence of Cardinal Mellini, former nuncio at Madrid, Roderick of the Cross at length overcame all difficulties and in the Papal Bull of 26 March 1687, Innocent XI authorized these religious to make the three solemn vows according to the rule of St. Augustine and to have a superior-general, and granted them all the privileges of the Augustinian friars and convents.
Later, Clement XI renewed this authorization and these favours, adding thereunto the privileges of the mendicant orders, of the Regular Clerks, of the Ministers of the Sick and of the Hospitallers of Charity of St. Hippolytus (1707).
Meanwhile the order was multiplying its foundations in Latin America and was established in Arequipa, Cuzco, Santiago de Cuba, Puebla, Guadalajara, Guanajuato, Dajaka, Vera Cruz, Havana, Santiago de Chile, Buenos Aires and (in 1660) Guatemala la Nueva. A school for poor children was connected with every hospital and the pious, devoted lives of these religious won them esteem and gratitude. They were especially admired during the plague of 1736, a fact unanimously acknowledged by the writers who describe the condition of Latin America in the eighteenth century. But this did not prevent their suppression, as well as that of all other religious, in 1820. At that time their superior-general resided in Mexico and the Bethlehemites were scattered throughout two regular provinces, that of Peru including twenty-two houses and that of New-Spain (mainly Mexico), eleven. To the ordinary religious vows they added that of caring for the sick even at the risk of their own lives.
In 1688 Brother Anthony of the Cross, with the help of a pious woman, Marie Anne del Gualdo, founded at Guatemala a community of Bethlehemite nuns and a hospital exclusively for women. These nuns were cloistered and observed the same rule as the men. They too were suppressed in 1820. Recently, both rules has been reestablished by Pope John Paul II on January 16, 1984.
Other use.
The name Bethlehemites has also sometimes been given to the Hussites of Bohemia because their leader, Jan Hus preached in the Bethlehem church at Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="2930273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930273" title="Mayport Ferry">
Mayport Ferry

The Saint Johns River Ferry, also known as the Mayport Ferry, is an auto ferry between Mayport and Fort George Island, two areas within Jacksonville, Florida. The voyage crosses the Saint Johns River about inland of the river's mouth and travels in an east-west direction for approximately on State Road A1A. It departs every half hour.
The alternate driving route uses the toll-free Dames Point Bridge but is long. The ferry has been operating since 1874.
These vessels operated in the ferry fleet:
Additional ferries which were in service included
the Jean LaFitte which was a 26 car ferry,the Reliance,the sirus,U.S.Coast Guard documents these vessels,some of the older ferries have been renamed to pass inspection.
The history of the ferry dates back to 1874 according to the New York Times and the library of Congress
The Florida Department of Transportation, which had always operated the service, had the Mayport Ferry line item budget vetoed by Governor Charlie Crist for 2007-2008.
The City of Jacksonville had been contributing $200,000-300,000 for several years, so instead of allowing the service to end, the City of Jacksonville assumed full responsibility. However, they lost over $1 million in one year, and Mayor John Peyton announced that there was insufficient money available in the new budget.
The Jacksonville Port Authority took over operation of the ferry for 2007 and lost half a million dollars each year, but uses port revenue, not tax money, to underwrite the operation.
After taking over, the JPA decided to cut costs and sell the "Blackbeard", the backup vessel built in 1956. That meant that whenever the "Jean Ribault" had problems, ferry service would be suspended. On February 5, 2009 the ferry was put into dry dock for routine maintenance, but hull corrosion required an extra week of repairs, and there was no service for a month.
Memorial.
The United States Merchant Marine Memorial stands on the ferry grounds on the Mayport side. The Memorial was erected on September 14, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2930277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930277" title="Trail (disambiguation)">
Trail (disambiguation)

Trail, in addition to its main meaning of a route for travel, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930282" title="General Assembly of the Church of Scotland">
General Assembly of the Church of Scotland

The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland is the sovereign and highest court of the Church of Scotland, and is thus the Church's governing body.
Church courts.
As a Presbyterian church, the Church of Scotland is governed by courts of elders rather than by bishops. At the bottom of the hierarchy of courts is the Kirk Session, the court of the parish; representatives of Kirk Sessions form the Presbytery, the local area court. Formerly there were also Synods at regional level, with authority over a group of presbyteries, but these have been abolished. At national level, the General Assembly stands at the top of this structure.
Meetings.
The General Assembly usually meets for a week of intensive deliberation once a year in May.
Ministers, elders and deacons are eligible to be "Commissioners" to the General Assembly. Typically a parish minister would attend the Assembly once every four years, accompanied by an elder from that congregation. The Assembly also has youth representatives and a few officials.
Meetings are usually held in the Assembly Hall on the Mound, Edinburgh. This was built for the Free Church in the 19th century and became the Assembly Hall for the reunited Church of Scotland after the union of 1929. The Moderator presides from the Moderator's chair. Alongside him/her, the clerks to the Assembly and other officials are seated. Behind the Moderator is the throne gallery (used by the Monarch or the Lord High Commissioner), which can only be reached through a separate stairway not directly from the Assembly Hall; this symbolises the independence of the church from the Crown in matters spiritual, whilst recognising the status of the Monarch (both constitutionally and theologically).
The General Assembly can also meet elsewhere. A meeting of the Assembly was held in Glasgow to mark the city's status as European City of Culture. When the Scottish Parliament was instituted in 1999, the Assembly Hall was used by the Parliament until the new building at Holyrood was completed in 2004. During these years, the Assembly met in the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (1999) and the Usher Hall (2001); in the other years the Parliament temporarily moved out to allow the Assembly to use its own "home".
The General Assembly has its own Standing Orders. One particular example is Standing Order 54, which requires any proposal requiring additional expenditure to have been first considered by the Assembly's Stewardship and Finance Committee.
Functions.
The General Assembly has three basis functions: legislative, deliberative and judicial. The ongoing administration is delegated to councils and committees, which have to report annually to the Assembly.
The Assembly decides the Law of the Church. Thus each Assembly may amend the Law of previous Assemblies. This is moderated and controlled by means of the "Barrier Act" which forces the General Assembly to take account of the views of all Presbyteries if the proposal is one which is far reaching, and thus referred to the next General Assembly.
Membership.
Each Presbytery has to nominate Commissioners annually and these are chosen in rotation from the ministers and elders in the Presbytery's area (bounds). Elders who are commissioned need not be members of the Presbytery.
In addition each Presbytery may appoint 'youth representatives' who are young people in the congregations of the presbytery. Youth representatives are also appointed by the 'Youth Assembly'. Youth representatives have the status of corresponding members of the Assembly.
Those elders who have, in the past, served as Moderators of the General Assembly are generally commissioned by their presbyteries in addition to the normal number of commissioners. They have, due to their experience in the Church, a heavy influence on the deliberations of the Assembly, which some commissioners and a range of Kirk members, find to be controversial.
The General assembly appoints 'corresponding members' who may speak and propose motions but may not vote. Apart from youth representatives these are guest commissioners from a wide range of partner churches around the world, and any of the Church of Scotland's Mission Partners (overseas workers) who may be resident in Scotland during the Assembly.
Legislation.
The General Assembly can and does pass legislation governing the affairs of the Church. The Assembly discusses issues affecting church and society; the General Assembly is invited to "receive" reports from its committees and councils. Attached to each report is proposed "deliverance", which the Assembly is invited to approve, reject or modify. Presbyteries may put business before the General Assembly in the form of "overtures" which are debated and may be made into the Law of the Church.
Judicial functions.
As a judicial body, the Assembly usually delegates most of its powers to the "Commission of Assembly" or to special tribunals. The General Assembly acts as a Court, and in matters spiritual cannot be appealed to any higher court. This is set out in the Acts Declaratory and the Church of Scotland Act 1921.
Officials.
The Assembly elects a Moderator to preside (see also the list of previous Moderators). The Queen is personally represented by a Lord High Commissioner, who has no vote.
The Assembly also has "members" separate from the Commissioners - mainly officials who sit at the clerks' table:

</doc>
<doc id="2930301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930301" title="International Bluegrass Music Museum">
International Bluegrass Music Museum

The International Bluegrass Music Museum (IBMM)) is a bluegrass music museum in RiverPark Center near downtown Owensboro, Kentucky, United States. The museum has inter-active exhibits, posters, costumes, live instrument demonstrations, and the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame. The museum has 2044 m2 (21,000 square feet) of exhibits and offices on 2 floors. As a non-profit group, the International Bluegrass Music Museum has raised funds with the help of famous bluegrass musicians such as Ricky Skaggs and Ralph Stanley.
They host their own annual summer music festival, ROMP (originally designating River Of Music Party because it was held on the banks of the Ohio River). The ROMP festival is typically held the last weekend in June each summer. Jam sessions are held at the museum the first Thursday of every month. The International Bluegrass Music Museum is the world's only facility dedicated to the history and preservation of the international history of bluegrass music.
Mission.
The mission of the International Bluegrass Music Museum (IBMM) is to develop and maintain an environment in which people of all ages can discover the richness of bluegrass music.
History.
The museum was incorporated in 1991 and opened year-round in 1995. In 2002 it re-opened after expanding.

</doc>
<doc id="2930306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930306" title="T-Line">
T-Line

A T-Line is a simple alternative to a pressure tank, air-trap or any other filling, bleeding, and draining device. It is constructed by plumbing a "Tee" connector (tri-barbed, with a perpendicular secondary flow-pattern, shaped like the letter "T") into an existing tube thus creating an alternate flow-path. However, instead of routing the secondary path back into the system flow, it is simply left open or closed off using an end-barb or other capping device. The tube itself thus can act as a mini-reservoir and allows air-bubbles to travel into it as they are caught into the "Tee" connector, and ultimately travel out of the system (bleeding).
A common use for a T-Line is in a watercooling system such as those found in enthusiast PCs. The T-Line is an integral part of a do-it-yourself watercooling system alongside the traditional choice of a reservoir. Major reasons for choosing a T-Line over a standard reservoir are cost, simplicity, and space constraints.
"Fill-Ports" (example "The fillport" by DangerDen) are specifically made with T-Lines in mind, and serve the purpose of capping the T-line in an air-tight and re-openable/re-sealable fashion. They are available anodized in various colors and thus able to be tied in with color-schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="2930307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930307" title="Spirit AeroSystems">
Spirit AeroSystems

Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. ("Spirit"), based in Wichita, Kansas, is the world's largest first-tier aerostructures manufacturer. The company builds several important pieces of Boeing aircraft, including the fuselage of the 737, portions of the 787 fuselage, and the cockpit (referred to as "Flight Deck" by Boeing) of nearly all of its airliners. Spirit also produces fuselage sections and front wing spars for the Airbus A350. Spirit's main competition comes from Vought Aircraft Industries, Goodrich, Alenia, and Kawasaki Heavy Industries.
Spirit was formed when Boeing Commercial Airplanes sold its Wichita division to investment firm Onex. Boeing Defense, Space & Security retained its military business in Wichita, which lies on neighboring land. The Wichita division was responsible for construction of many important aircraft in Boeing's history, including the B-29 Superfortress, B-47 Stratojet, and B-52 Stratofortress. Spirit can trace its legacy back even further to Stearman Aircraft, which was founded on the same site; Stearman later became part of Boeing. Spirit also includes North American Aviation's former Tulsa and McAlester facilities (both in Oklahoma.)
On Aug 8, 2005, Spirit AeroSystems announced that Ulrich R. (Rick) Schmidt had joined the company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, reporting to Jeffrey Turner, President and CEO.
On January 31, 2006, BAE Systems announced it had agreed to sell its aerostructures business, based at Glasgow Prestwick Airport and Samlesbury Aerodrome, to Spirit. The BAE unit, which was renamed Spirit AeroSystems (Europe) Ltd., is a major supplier to Raytheon (5%), Airbus (80%), and Boeing (15%). The transaction was completed on April 1, 2006. Spirit paid GBP 80 million for the business. 
In 2010, 96% of Spirit's revenue came from its two largest customers: 85% of sales were from Boeing, 11% from Airbus. In 2009 these two customers represented 96% of sales for Spirit as well. 
After planning to take Spirit public, at initial public offering on November 21, 2006, the firm's stock rose 10% on the first day. Onex still owns 58% of Spirit, which results in 92% of voting power, as its shares confer "supervoting" power. The chief architect of the Onex purchase of Spirit was Nigel S. Wright, who was later Chief of Staff for the Canadian Prime Minister until his resignation as part of an expense scandal.
Former House Majority Leader Richard Gephardt (D-MO) serves as a labor consultant for Spirit and sits on its board of directors.

</doc>
<doc id="2930308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930308" title="MacCumhail Park">
MacCumhail Park

MacCumhail Park ("Páirc Sheáin Mac Cumhaill" in Irish) is a GAA stadium in Ballybofey, County Donegal, Ireland. It is the main grounds of Donegal's Gaelic football and hurling teams. The ground is named after Seán Mac Cumhail and had a capacity of 18,000, but that was reduced to 12,250 after a safety audit report was released in February 2012. Donegal GAA announced in November 2012 plans to restore the capacity to 18,000, Work got underway in February 2013. and the necessary works were completed by late March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2930326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930326" title="Let Me Ride">
Let Me Ride

"Let Me Ride" is the third single released by Dr. Dre from his debut studio album, "The Chronic". It experienced moderate success on the charts, until it became a massive hit when Dre won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance for the song during the Grammy Awards of 1994. Snoop Doggy Dogg is involved for a ""Rollin' in my 6-4"" pre-chorus and in some background vocals. The vocals are sung by Ruben and Jewell, and the lyrics were ghostwritten by RBX, who explains how Dr. Dre came to use the lyrics, which RBX had originally written for a different track, in the book "How to Rap". The single sold more than three million copies itself.
The song's chorus involves both a sample and an interpolation of the chorus of the 1976 Parliament song "Mothership Connection (Star Child)", which itself quotes the Negro spiritual "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot". "Let Me Ride" also samples James Brown's "Funky Drummer" and Bill Withers's 1972 hit "Kissing My Love".
Music video.
The music video was shot on location at Slauson Avenue in Los Angeles and was directed by Dr. Dre. It is the second lowrider cult video of Dre's cinematographer "walk of life" that was nominated for a MTV Video Music Award for Best Rap Video in the same year. The video begins with Dre, in his home watching the $20 Dollar Sack Pyramid (a track skit from the album shown as a game show in the video), taking a phone call and being invited to a Parliament concert. He then heads out in his lowrider and the song begins. Many helicopter-view camshots of the super-highways of Compton follow, some cuts of Snoop, a car-jacking scene, and various footage of Dre picking up girls, all of which leads to a street party outside the concert venue. Ice Cube makes a cameo appearance, walking out from a women's bathroom saying "Damn right, it was a good day", referring to his 1992 solo single, and also officially squashing the beef between Dre and Ice Cube which had existed since Ice Cube left N.W.A.
The final shots of the video feature footage from Parliament and Funkadelic's 1976 earth tour, including the Starchild flying on wires with the bop gun, the band singing "Mothership Connection", which "Let Me Ride" samples, and concludes with George Clinton departing into the Mothership with a plume of smoke, upon which Dre's face is superimposed.
Rapper Warren G (Dre's step-brother) makes a cameo appearance, along with rappers The D.O.C. and The Lady of Rage, and Producer Bonita "Bo" Money.
Remixes.
An official remix of the song features full verses from Snoop Dogg and Daz, and an appearance by George Clinton. It was recorded simultaneously with the original version and was released on the 12" vinyl when the solo version was chosen to be a part of the album. The full version of the remix is 11 minutes long and features a guitar solo by Johnny "Guitar" Watson. The beat was later remade as a G-Funk remix and the instrumental was used for the Up In Smoke Tour in 2000. Dr. Dre also produced the beat for the remix.
References in popular culture.
Nate Dogg refers to "Let Me Ride" in Warren G's 1994 song "Regulate", in which he sings, "She said 'my car's broke down and you seem real nice, would ya let me ride?'"
Rapper Fabolous, in his 2001 hit "Can't Deny It", had the lyric ""bitches be yellin "let me ride", like I'm Snoop, and Dr. Dre."". Rapper The Game similarly refers to "Let Me Ride" in his 2005 song "Put You on the Game", where he claims to be in a car with Dre in the back and "bitches screaming, 'Let me ride!'". 

</doc>
<doc id="2930335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930335" title="Pete Williams (journalist)">
Pete Williams (journalist)

Louis Alan "Pete" Williams (born February 28, 1952) is an American journalist and former government official. Since 1993, he has been a television correspondent for NBC News.
Williams, a graduate of Stanford University, began his career in local news with the Casper, Wyoming, television station KTWO and its eponymous radio station in 1974.
In 1986, Williams became press secretary for U.S. Representative Dick Cheney and followed Cheney to the United States Department of Defense as Cheney became United States Secretary of Defense to be the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs in 1989 during the George H. W. Bush administration.
Williams became a correspondent for NBC News in 1993 after leaving the Defense Department; his main areas of news coverage for NBC include the Department of Justice and Supreme Court.
Early life and education.
Born in Casper, Wyoming, Williams graduated from Natrona County High School in 1970.
Williams graduated from Stanford University in 1974.
Career.
Early journalism career.
From 1974 to 1985, Williams was reporter and news director for the Casper-based KTWO television and KTWO radio stations. Williams also served as director for the Wyoming Future Project from 1985 to 1986.
Press secretary.
In 1986, Williams was hired as press secretary and legislative assistant in the staff of U.S. Representative Dick Cheney. Williams was appointed Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs in 1989, following Cheney's appointment as United States Secretary of Defense, and worked as press secretary of the Defense Department.
While serving as a Pentagon spokesperson, some in the press accused him of allegedly working to conceal certain military activities during the invasion of Panama and successful extradition of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, which was later featured in the documentary film "The Panama Deception" (1992).
Later journalism career.
NBC News hired Williams in March 1993 as justice correspondent based in Washington, D. C., to cover news from the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Supreme Court.
As NBC justice correspondent, Williams has interviewed United States Attorneys General John Ashcroft, Alberto Gonzales, and Eric Holder.
In covering the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings for MSNBC and NBC News, Williams earned praise from various media analysts for choosing to report events in a restrained, cautionary fashion. In contrast with the Associated Press and CNN, Williams refused to report a later-retracted claim that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had arrested a suspect for the bombing. For "Politico", Dylan Byers commented: "On a major story that has been defined by inaccurate and conflicting reports and wild speculation, Williams has been calm, diligent and correct." Brian Resnick of the "National Journal" wrote that Williams showed "restraint in not jumping too far into conclusions." The phrase "NBC's Pete Williams" became a trending topic in the overnight hours of April 19, 2013.
Personal life.
He was outed as gay by writer Michelangelo Signorile in August 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2930344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930344" title="Brewster Park (Enniskillen)">
Brewster Park (Enniskillen)

Brewster Park is a new Gaelic Athletic Association stadium in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. It is the home ground of Enniskillen Gaels and the County ground of Fermanagh GAA. The ground has recently reopened after having been closed for redevelopments. The ground now has a capacity of approx 18,000 after the redevelopments. 
In the first match played in Brewster Park since the renovations, Fermanagh defeated Monaghan in the first round of the Ulster Senior Football Championship on Sunday, May 26, 2008 by a score of 2–8 to 0–10.
Floodlights were installed in the ground in 2008 and were used in the 2008 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship final between Ballinderry and Crossmaglen. They were officially unveiled in January 2009 in a Dr. McKenna Cup game between Fermanagh and University of Ulster, Jordanstown (UUJ).

</doc>
<doc id="2930355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930355" title="NMOS">
NMOS

NMOS (or nMOS) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930356" title="Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)">
Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)

"Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)" is a song by jazz-rap group Us3 from their 1993 album "Hand on the Torch".
It features a sample of Herbie Hancock's song "Cantaloupe Island", and reached No. 9 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the group's only top 40 single.
"Cantaloop" was certified gold by the RIAA on March 25, 1994 for sales of over 500,000 copies.
Song information.
The original song ("Cantaloupe Island") is a 16 bar repeated chart consisting of F minor for 4 measures, D7 for 4 measures, D minor for 4 measures, then F minor again. "Cantaloop" excludes the D minor section, uses the F minor section during the verses, and goes between the F minor and D7 during the horn riffs and trumpet solo. The featured soloist is Gerard Presencer.
The song makes notable mention of the Birdland jazz club in New York City in its opening line – "Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, we have something special down here at Birdland this evening: a recording for Blue Note Records." The line, spoken by Pee Wee Marquette, is taken from Art Blakey's first Birdland album "A Night at Birdland Vol. 1".
There are recurring samples, particularly in the beginning, of two men saying "yeah!" and "what's that?". Both of these were taken from the intro to Lou Donaldson's "Everything I Do Gonna Be Funky (From Now On)"
The song is played in the opening of the 1994 film Renaissance Man. It was used as intro music for the successful 1990s German TV show "Willemsens Woche" by German author and TV presenter Roger Willemsen. It is also featured on the Super Mario Bros. film soundtrack.The Song Was Also Featured in The Demo Reel For Wahoo Creative.
It was also featured in the 2013 film "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" during the Alan Arkin/Steve Carrell rehearsal sequence at the senior center.

</doc>
<doc id="2930359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930359" title="Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park">
Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park

Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park is a state park of California, United States, marking the discovery of gold by James W. Marshall at Sutter's Mill in 1848, sparking the California Gold Rush. The park grounds include much of the historic town of Coloma, California, which is now considered a ghost town as well as a National Historic Landmark District. The park contains two California Historical Landmarks: a monument to commemorate James Marshall (#143) and the actual spot where he first discovered gold in 1848 (#530). Established in 1942, the park now comprises .
Features.
The entire route of California State Route 153 lies within the park, and allows visitors to drive to the top of the hill where the monument to James W. Marshall stands. The Gold Discovery Museum features gold-rush-era exhibits including mining equipment, horse-drawn vehicles, household implements and other memorabilia. The American River Nature Center, operated by the American River Conservancy, features murals of local wildlife, hands-on exhibits, animal mounts and live small animals. 
History.
In 1886 the members of the Native Sons of the Golden West, Placerville Parlor #9, felt that the Marshall deserved a monument to mark the grave of the "Discoverer of Gold". In May 1890, five years after Marshall's death, Placerville Parlor #9 successfully advocated the idea of a monument to the State Legislature, which appropriated a total of $9,000 for the construction of the monument and tomb, the first such monument erected in California. A statue of Marshall stands on top of the monument, pointing to the spot where he made his discovery in 1848. The monument was rededicated October 8, 2010 by the Native Sons of the Golden West, Georgetown Parlor #91, in honor of the 200th Anniversary of James W. Marshall's birth.
On May 1, 2012, park employee Suzie Matin discovered two pieces of the Sutter's Mill meteorite (SM14 @ 11.5 grams) right in her front yard.

</doc>
<doc id="2930367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930367" title="Dream Within a Dream Tour">
Dream Within a Dream Tour

The Dream Within a Dream Tour was the fourth concert tour by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was launched in support of her third studio album, "Britney" (2001). The tour was promoted by Concerts West, marking the first time Spears did not tour with Clear Channel Entertainment. On September 21, 2001, a North American tour was announced that kicked off exactly two months later after various dates were postponed. In February 2002, Spears announced a second leg of the tour. It was directed and choreographed by Wade Robson, who explained the main theme of the show was Spears's coming of age and newfound independence. The stage was designed by Steve Cohen and Rob Brenner and was composed of a main stage and a B-stage, united by a runway. Inspired by Cleopatra's barge, a flying device was developed so Spears could travel over the audience to the B-stage. The setlist was mostly composed by songs from the supporting album, as Spears felt they were more reflective of her personality. Songs from her previous two studio albums were also included in remixed form by Robson.
The show was divided into seven segments with the last one being the encore. Spears opened the show hanging from a gyrating wheel; it continued with Spears performing a medley of older hits, jumping in bungee cords from the flying device onto the stage and dancing in a jungle setting. Most of the performances were accompanied by extravagant special effects, including confetti, pyrotechnics, laser lights, and artificial fog and snow. In the encore, there was a water screen that pumped two tons of water into the stage; this was considered one of the signature performances of the tour. During the 2002 leg, some changes were made; several songs were remixed, and Spears premiered various unreleased songs which included "Mystic Man". The show received mixed reviews by critics, who praised the show for being innovative but dismissed it for taking the attention away from the music.
The Dream Within a Dream Tour was largely sold out and grossed $43.7 million. During the second show in Mexico, Spears left the stage after the sixth song due to a lightning storm; the show was canceled and angered the audience. The tour was broadcast live on an HBO special on November 18, 2001, and went on to win an Emmy for Outstanding Technical Direction on the 2002 ceremony. A DVD titled "Live from Las Vegas" was released in January 2002.
Background.
On July 19, 2001, Spears's band announced there would be a tour to support her third studio album, "Britney" (2001). The following day, Spears's label Jive Records confirmed that there was a tour planned for the fall. The Dream Within a Dream Tour was promoted by Concerts West, chosen after a much publicized battle with concert promoter Clear Channel Entertainment (CCE), who had handled her previous concert tours. It marked the first time Concerts West outbid CCE, with reports claiming Spears would earn between $13 and $15 million during the tour. Spears's manager Larry Rudolph commented on the situation, saying,
"Clear Channel is an incredible company, and I'm sure we'll be doing more business with them. We went with Concerts West because they're a strong touring company and because they have ancillary properties, in that AEG owns arenas and some 7,000 movie theaters throughout the country. This decision was not made to exclude Clear Channel. It was made to include Concerts West. has the ability to help us market our core products—the album and tour—and our secondary properties—the movie— in ways that tipped the scale for us."
On September 20, 2001, dates were released along with the tracklisting of the album. The tour was slated to begin on October 26, 2001, but the opening of the show was pushed back until October 31 after Spears became ill and was prescribed five days of rest. The tour was postponed one more day due to production delays and finally kicked off at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio. Before the tour began, Spears announced she planned to give $1 of each ticket to the children of firefighters and police officers killed during the September 11 attacks. She also planned to sell merchandise and auction front row seats, hoping to raise $2 million. On February 26, 2002, more North American dates were released through her official website to kick off in Las Vegas, Nevada at Mandalay Bay. The second leg of the tour was sponsored by Samsung. In conjunction with entertainment company WFX, they offered a cell-phone service that featured collectible merchandise and a membership card with access to backstage reports directly from Spears. She stated that "offering is an exciting new way for me to stay connected with my fans".
Development.
The name of the tour was based on Edgar Allan Poe's poem of the same name. The tour was directed and choreographed by Australian choreographer Wade Robson. He explained the concept of the tour, saying,
"The show is gonna be really, really theatrical—it's really complicated. It's a massive show with a lot of new music. It's just gonna be really different. [...] You're gonna learn a lot more about her as a person. The show is gonna be really about how she's becoming a woman, how she's finding herself and her independence. She knows what she wants to do, she knows who she wants to be, and that's what the show's about."
The stage was designed by production designer Steven Cohen and production manager Rob Brenner for the HBO special. Cohen designed the main stage with an oval shape so that Spears could perform around the stage and so that it would look good from multiple camera angles. He said that the rest of the stage was created with three main components in mind: a runway, a B-stage, and a flying device over the crowd. The last was developed, as explained by Cohen, "around this Cleopatra's barge concept I got into my head while designing when the movie "Cleopatra" was playing in the background. It needed to be elegant and stylized but also high tech, because it was going to have to be traveling on conventional motors and transport mechanisms. Plus, it had to have a big enough performance area for her and the dancers." Brenner continued, "I wanted to try to give the kid in the back of the house the same experience as the one in the first 10 rows." The runway uniting the main stage and the B-stage was suggested by one of Spears's managers, Johnny Wright. The entire stage was built by Michael Tait from Tait Towers. Cohen said, "We took a more expanded role in preparing the drawings for Michael. We wanted to retain the essence of the look of the show, both in its overall footprint and in the execution of these various pieces. [...] did a great job on executing the fine details like the hand railings and the floor lights and the MR-16 covers. When you're doing something for TV, all of those pieces are foreground pieces. The mirrors on the platforms and the floor painting made the show look better on TV."
The video screens showed both live shoots and special footage directed by Robson. Cohen worked by Danny O'Brien at BCC Video to create double-sided custom video LED cubes that hanged above stage right. There were three larger-sized video screens above the stage area. The gyrating wheel in which Spears opened the show was made by Branam Enterprises and was attached to a platform also created by Tait Towers. 171 white light were provided by Spectra. The giant music box from which Spears emerged in "Born to Make You Happy" (1999) was designed by Michael Cotton. Confetti was shot from machines provided by Pyrotek. Pyrotechnics were done by Gerb Fountains, whereas artificial snow was provided by Little Blizzard. During the encore performance of "...Baby One More Time" (1998), there was a water screen in which it was poured nearly two tons of water pumped at 360 gallons a minute. Cohen said, "The water screen is the keystone of the entire design because it impacts every system—electrics, staging, dancing. Rob discovered the company (Chameleon Productions of Orlando, FL) that makes the screen, and I immediately looked at what they had in stock, which was a straight line. And I knew we didn't want a straight line. We wanted a circular water screen so we could physically build a shower for her to stand in the middle of and not get wet and then walk through when she wanted to. Of course, everyone thought I was crazy, so I suggested a six-sided shape. Everyone was concerned that the gaps between the sections might cause gaps in the actual sheets of water. But I kept saying that if you put them 40' to 50' up in the air, gravity will cause the water to attach to itself, so you end up getting a solid sheet."
The lighting was designed by Cohen and his partner in Steve Cohen Productions, Joel Young, who served as the tour's lighting director. Cohen continued saying, "All of our shows heavily color-based—everything is rich in color. There is a lot of layering that is not confusing so the purity comes through". Young programmed the show on a Flying Pig Systems Wholehog II console, which he ran while simultaneously calling the 13 followspots for each show. There were eight truss spots and five house spots: four Lycian 2.5 kW instruments on the back, four Robert Juliats on the front truss, four FOH spots and one in the back." Steve Cohen Productions also served as the tour's lighting vendor and sublet the gear they required from Westsun and Fourth Phase/LSD. Syncrolite provided its own 3k lights. Apart from the Syncrolites, the rest of the lighting was a combination of Coemar and High End Systems automated fixtures and conventional luminaries. There were a total of 215 active lights.
A week before the tour began, Spears said of the show: "I come from Broadway, so I want it to be very theatrical. The whole process for me is magical. Hopefully it will be something people have never even imagined or envisioned in their head. I was going through a run-through yesterday and was thinking, 'By the time I'm 30, there's not going to be anything left for me to do'". Initial rehearsals for the band started on September 9, 2001. She joined them later after rehearsing the choreography in Los Angeles, California. The setlist was composed mostly by songs from "Britney". She explained her decision in a press conference, saying, "I just want my fans to see me in a different light than they have ever seen me before. This music I am singing right now is such a reflection of me and who I am. Hopefully [the fans will come to the show and be inspired and have a lot of fun." Several songs from her previous albums "...Baby One More Time" and "Oops!... I Did It Again" were remixed by Robson to "take in a new direction – flip [them up a bit".
Concert synopsis.
The show began with a woman dressed in an 18th-century white nightgown who talked to the audience briefly before disappearing. There was a video introduction in which different people told their dreams. At the end of the video, Spears appeared sleeping in a bubble. A platform with a wheel attached rose several feet above the ground, and she appeared strapped to it while wearing a black ensemble. She started rotating in a similar way to a target girl while starting to perform "Oops!...I Did It Again" with her dancers. "(You Drive Me) Crazy" was performed next with Spears captured by her dancers. She left the stage for a costume change while her dancers performed. "Overprotected" was performed next with Spears surrounded by laser lights. The video backdrop showed images of a bald Spears, with her hair growing as the song went along. In the next section, a giant musical box was raised, and Spears emerged from the middle as a ballerina to perform "Born To Make You Happy". She tore off her tutu and put on a long white satin cote to perform "Lucky" while confetti was shot. The medley ended with a performance of "Sometimes" for which she donned a bathrobe.
She returned to the stage wearing a tank top with suspenders and pants for a dance-oriented performance of "Boys". The show continued with "Stronger", in which she wore a paint-covered robe and in some shows a bowler hat. At the end of the performance, she sat down next to a piano player and talked to the audience before moving into a performance of "I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman". A video interlude spoofing "Making the Band"-type shows followed, showing Spears and her dancers as a struggling band. She took the stage again in a barge along with four female dancers to perform "I Love Rock 'n' Roll". The barge was lifted by wires, but pyrotechnics below it made it seem as if it was lifted by fire. When it was above the B-stage, Spears jumped to it with bungee cords. There was a skit in which her dancers chased her before she went into a performance of "What It's Like To Be Me" in the small stage. She returned to the main stage for a performance of "Lonely", in which she danced to a video projection of herself. The dancers and the band performed the "Breakdown" interlude. In "Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know", she sang on an elevated platform wearing an evening gown, while two of her dancers performed a routine. Artificial snow fell from the ceiling during the performance.
After a brief interlude, she returned for a performance of "Anticipating" where she wore a patched denim skirt. The set was made of giant coloring book drawings of houses and cars. She took out the costume to sing "I'm a Slave 4 U" in a jungle setting while surrounded by artificial fog and laser lights. After the song ended, she bowed and thanked the audience before exiting the stage. The encore began with a giant projection of a hologram of Spears onto a water screen. The projection gradually shrunk until Spears rose from the stage while wearing a plastic cowboy hat, blue hip-huggers, and a matching bra top. She began performing "...Baby One More Time" in a ballad version until reaching the end of the runway. Pyrotechnics surrounded the stage while the song changed to a more uptempo version with elements of techno. Her dancers took the main stage while she returned to it running through the runway. They jumped on the barge while it was lifted into the air and continued to dance. At the end, Spears jumped off the barge with the bungee cords and landed in the main stage and descended from it.
After the announcement of the 2002 extension of the tour, some changes were made to the setlist. The original mix of "Overprotected" was replaced by the Darkchild remix of the song. "Boys" was replaced by the remix featuring Pharrell while Spears replaced the outfit with suspenders for a black leather top. A new song called "Mystic Man" was added after "Stronger". It was described by Corey Moss of MTV as "similar to ["I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman"], but with a bit more traditional R&B flair, a la Alicia Keys". The song was often replaced with other new songs throughout the tour. Some other changes were also made; the video screens did not have such a prominent role, and the backdrops of "Overprotected" were taken out.
Reception.
Larry Nager of "The National Enquirer" commented that "concert packed more technical wizardry than "Harry Potter", but almost no actual singing". He summarized his review saying "If it wasn't quite a real concert, it was a great show." Ann Powers of "The New York Times" said the show was "dazzling" and commented that the performance did not suffer from music being its least important element, adding "This dream extravaganza perhaps unwittingly suggested that the Britney we know is herself a dream, an artist whose genius is not for singing [...] but for teasing out the cravings and fears that haunt the modern world. Ms. Spears now wants to awaken to an adult persona, but she may find that the netherworld of desire is her natural home." Jim Farber of the "Daily News" compared it to tours of other teenage artists, saying "her latest 90-minute extravaganza had to be the costliest, most elaborate and, to be honest, least tacky to date". He was also impressed with the stage, calling it "the largest proscenium I've ever seen at a pop show." Camille Lamb of "The Daily Collegian" named the show "an elaborate, highly homogenized display of capitalism at its finest". She also said the show fulfilled its expectations, saying "brought a teenage fantasy to a tangible reality."
Neva Chonin of the "San Francisco Chronicle" believed the show "was pure Britney excess, [...] hugely entertaining" and added that "while it's all too easy to deride Spears' contrivances from a distance, in person there's no denying her charisma or her archetypal appeal. She's like a refugee from David Lynch's "Mulholland Drive", a gleaming dream cipher waiting to be filled with an audience's fantasies. And she works that role with flawless professionalism, punctuating her choreographed moves with an amiable accessibility that drew fans into her airtight world even as it kept them at a safe distance. In short, she connected—through smiles, giggles and what seemed to be genuine pleasure in performing." While reviewing the Femme Fatale Tour in 2011, Jim Harrington of the "Oakland Tribune" deemed the show as "one of the best pop music productions I’ve ever witnessed." The tour was a commercial success. According to Spears's booking agent David Zedeck, the 2001 leg was largely sold out, with the concerts attended by over 400,000 people. It grossed $43.7 million, the second highest grossing tour of the year by a female artist behind Cher's .
Mexico cancellation.
On July 28, 2002, during the second concert at Foro Sol in Mexico City, Spears left the stage after the performance of "Stronger" while saying, "I'm sorry, Mexico. I love you, bye." Shortly after, an announcement was made through the speakers confirming the show was cancelled. According to local newspapers "Milenio" and "El Universal", fans screamed "Fraud!", booed and hurled chairs and other items. Two days later, a statement was released by Spears that said: "I'm sorry I couldn't finish the show for my fans. The Mexican fans are one of the best audiences to play for. We decided that we had no choice but to cancel the show after the storm and lightning showed no signs of clearing up." Concert promoter Ocesa Presenta director Guillermo Parra explained to "El Universal" that "there was no trick nor deceit, but climatic conditions cannot be controlled". It was announced that fans could receive a full refund starting on August 1, 2002. Jive Records released a statement saying,
"A hazardous lightning storm made it essential for Spears to depart the stage. Spears began the show during a break between two rainstorms, but the degree of risk to the audience and stage crew associated with the second storm, an electrical storm, made it impossible for the show to continue."
Broadcasts and recordings.
On March 1, 2001, HBO announced that a Las Vegas show at MGM Grand Arena would be broadcast on November 18, 2001. The special was directed and produced by Marty Callner. Spears requested that HBO aired the concert to the American Forces Network (AFN) on its AFN-Atlantic and AFN-Pacific channels at no cost. She also interacted with soldiers based at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Naval Base San Diego, Fort Polk, and Lackland Air Force Base. The special won an Emmy for Outstanding Technical Direction on the 2002 ceremony. In January 2002, Jive Records released the DVD "Live from Las Vegas"; it was certified two-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipment of 200,000 copies in units. On September 18, 2002, Jive Records announced the release of a photographic book and DVD titled "Stages" and "Stages: Three Days in Mexico". The DVD was directed by Albert Maysles and chronicled her stay in Mexico and Japan. Spears explained the release, saying, "I wanted to share with my fans all the things that they never get to see that make it all so special for me. It's my way of saying thank you."
Setlist.
<br>
1Substitute for "Mystic Man" at select dates. These songs were not performed at every show.
Source:
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2930379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930379" title="Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre">
Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre

Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre, in full Église Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre (French for "Church of Saint Julian the Poor"), is a Melkite Greek Catholic parish church in Paris, France, and one of the city's oldest religious buildings. Built in Gothic style during the 13th century, it is situated in the 5th arrondissement, on the Left Bank of the Seine River, about 500 meters away from the Musée de Cluny and in the proximity of the Maubert-Mutualité Paris Métro station. It shares a city block with the Square René Viviani.
Originally a Roman Catholic place of worship, Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre was built in stages from the 12th to the 19th centuries, and granted to the Eastern Catholic Melkite community in 1889. Its original design was modified several times, and the resulting church is significantly smaller in size than originally planned.
Name.
The church was dedicated to two medieval French saints of the same name: Julian of Le Mans and a figure from the region of Dauphiné. "The poor" is said to originate from Julian of Le Mans, whose dedication to the cause of the poor was considered exemplary.
History.
Roman Catholic church.
Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre replaced a Merovingian refuge for pilgrims, or an older church dating back to the 6th century. The earliest mention of such a site was found in texts authored by Gregory, bishop of Tours, who resided there during the rule of Chilperic I, king of Neustria. A synagogue serving the Jewish residents, probably the oldest in the city, was located in its environs. 
The new building, inspired by either the Notre Dame Cathedral or the Saint Pierre de Montmartre church, was begun ca. 1165-1170. The building effort was supported by the Clunaic monastic community of Longpont, and their enterprise resulted in the completion of the choir and, most likely, the nave (ca. 1210-1220). According to 16th century chronicler Étienne Pasquier, the site was connected with the University of Paris foundation, serving as a site for its School of Theology and Arts, and, after the resulting split between the faculties, only as the School of Arts. 
All early construction seems to have stopped ca. 1250. In 1651, following several centuries of neglect, two of the original bays in the nave were demolished, and a northwestern facade was added; the northern aisle was preserved, and two of its bays serves as a sacristy. After more than a century, during the French Revolution, the building was listed for demolition, and suffered more damage as a result. Before the second half of the 19th century, Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre underwent restoration under the direction of architect Franz Christian Gau.
Melkite church.
In 1889, under the Third French Republic, the church was awarded to the Melkite (Arab and Middle Eastern) community in Paris. In preparation for this, significant restoration was again carried out. The arrangement was criticized by writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, who objected to introducing non-traditional forms to an old scenery: "This intrusion of the Levant into Saint-Séverin parish is [...] in absolute disagreement with the surroundings."
The Dada performance piece.
On April 14, 1921, Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre was a venue for one of the last major performance art experiments in the history of the Dada avant-garde trend. Deemed a "Dada excursion", the event involved writers Tristan Tzara, André Breton, Philippe Soupault, as well as artist Francis Picabia. The group printed a pamphlet which read: "Today, at 15:00 hours, in the garden of St-Julien-le-Pauvre church, Dada [...] extends a free invitation to its friends and enemies to join it in visiting the church's buildings. It will not be an anticlerical demonstration, as one would be inclined to believe, but rather a new interpretation of nature applied this time not to art, but to life." As they distributed copies, they shouted insulting or provocative slogans to passers-by: "Be dirty!... One must trim his nose as one trims his hair!... One must wash her breasts like she washes facecloths..." 
The "Dada excursion", conceived as a manner to revive the public's awareness of Dada, failed to gain needed attention, and, together with a mock trial of reactionary writer Maurice Barrès held later in the year, helped create a rift between Tzara's group and the future Surrealists Breton and Picabia.
Other features.
Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre was designed in the conservative tradition prevalent during the rule of King Louis the Younger. The only one of the city's twelfth-century parish churches to have endured, it was never completed in its original design: the choir area was intended to be three stories high, and the clerestory is an incomplete triforium; the nave was supposed to be covered by sexpartite vaults, which were replaced by a wooden roof and, after the 17th century, by a new system of vaults; and, of a tower meant to stand on the church's southern side, only the staircase was begun. The eastern apses use material from an older building. 
The building has piers replicating those found in Notre Dame, and the chapiters are carved with images of leaves and harpies. The choir area is presently covered by an iconostasis.
North of the church, in the Square René Viviani, exists the oldest tree in Paris. It is a locust tree planted in 1602 by Jean Robin, gardener-in-chief during the reign of kings Henry III, Henry IV, and Louis XIII. Also known as the "Lucky Tree of Paris", it is thought to bring years of good luck to those who gently touch the tree's bark.

</doc>
<doc id="2930386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930386" title="Scotland Run">
Scotland Run

Scotland Run is a tributary of the Maurice River in southern New Jersey in the United States. It flows in a generally southern direction through southern Gloucester County.

</doc>
<doc id="2930387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930387" title="Jihlava District">
Jihlava District

Jihlava District () is a district ("okres") within Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. Its administrative center is the city of Jihlava.
Complete list of municipalities.
Arnolec –
Batelov –
Bílý Kámen –
Bítovčice –
Bohuslavice –
Borovná –
Boršov –
Brtnice –
Brzkov –
Cejle –
Cerekvička-Rosice –
Černíč –
Čížov –
Dlouhá Brtnice –
Dobronín –
Dobroutov –
Dolní Cerekev –
Dolní Vilímeč –
Doupě –
Dudín –
Dušejov –
Dvorce –
Dyjice –
Hladov –
Hodice –
Hojkov –
Horní Dubenky –
Horní Myslová –
Hostětice –
Hubenov –
Hybrálec –
Jamné –
Jersín –
Jezdovice –
Ježená –
Jihlava –
Jihlávka –
Jindřichovice –
Kalhov –
Kaliště –
Kamenice –
Kamenná –
Klatovec –
Knínice –
Kostelec (Jihlava District) –
Kostelní Myslová –
Kozlov –
Krahulčí –
Krasonice –
Lhotka –
Luka nad Jihlavou –
Malý Beranov –
Markvartice –
Měšín –
Milíčov –
Mirošov –
Mrákotín –
Mysletice –
Mysliboř –
Nadějov –
Nevcehle –
Nová Říše –
Olšany –
Olší –
Opatov –
Ořechov –
Otín –
Panenská Rozsíčka –
Panské Dubenky –
Pavlov –
Plandry –
Polná –
Puklice –
Radkov –
Rančířov –
Rantířov –
Rapotice –
Rohozná –
Rozseč –
Růžená –
Rybné –
Řásná –
Řídelov –
Sedlatice –
Sedlejov –
Smrčná –
Stáj –
Stará Říše –
Stonařov –
Strachoňovice –
Střítež –
Suchá –
Svojkovice –
Šimanov –
Švábov –
Telč –
Třešť –
Třeštice –
Urbanov –
Ústí –
Vanov –
Vanůvek –
Vápovice –
Velký Beranov –
Větrný Jeníkov –
Věžnice –
Věžnička –
Vílanec –
Volevčice –
Vyskytná nad Jihlavou –
Vysoké Studnice –
Vystrčenovice –
Záborná –
Zadní Vydří –
Zbilidy –
Zbinohy –
Zdeňkov –
Ždírec –
Zhoř –
Zvolenovice –
Žatec –

</doc>
<doc id="2930388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930388" title="Marion (band)">
Marion (band)

Marion are an English rock band, originally formed in 1993, in Macclesfield, Cheshire. They became connected to the Britpop music scene, appearing on the "Britpop Now" BBC television special. Influenced by local stars like Joy Division, Buzzcocks and The Smiths, they were hailed as possible successors to The Smiths, but never achieved the success predicted for them, falling prey to the so-called "curse of Morrissey" (by which Morrissey's praise and support for young bands are said to be fatal). They split up in 1999.
In 2006, Jaime Harding and Phil Cunningham recruited a new set of musicians and reformed the band. They started working on new material, having played their first live gig together as Marion in more than seven years on 1 April 2006 in Bath. They followed this up with sold-out shows in Manchester and London in September 2006.
As of September 2011, Marion have reformed again - with Jaime and Phil joined by Tony Grantham and Julian Phillips from the original line-up.
Early years (1991-1995).
Harding and Cunningham played together in various bands (such as Cloud, Push The King and The Shags), starting in their school days. After leaving school, Harding was immediately forced into work by his mother, taking a job in a garage (hence his receiving credit for providing 'motor insurance' on early demos). Harding, along with Tony 'Beard' Grantham on guitar, Nick McCall (who wrote the riff for "Toys for Boys") on second guitar, Murad Mousa on drums, and Damian Lawrence on bass, in the beginning of 1993, adopted the name Marion for the band, in tribute to Harding's gran, and set about recording a demo. Nick McCall's brother Paddy suggested Jamie should send the demo to former manager of The Smiths, Joe Moss, who liked it enough to agree to manage the band. Nick McCall was asked to leave by Geoff Travis, as he was only 15, and Phil Cunningham was recruited to play guitar.
Gigging relentlessly gained the band a reputation as an excellent live band, and eventually a single, "Violent Men", was released on Rough Trade Records. By this time Julian Phillips had taken over bass duties. They went on to sign for London Records in October 1994 and released a succession of singles, "Sleep", "Toys For Boys" and "Let's All Go Together", while continuing to tour, and build a fan base via the NME Brats Tour and support slots with Radiohead and Morrissey in 1995. They also gained notoriety around this time when "Sleep" was used in an advert for Citroën cars, and this led to an appearance on Channel 4's The Word programme, and an appearance on the cover of Melody Maker in April.
"This World and Body"-era (1995-1996).
In early 1995, Nick Gilbert replaced Phillips on bass and the band started recording their first album, "This World and Body", with producer Al Clay. They recorded the album through May and June before playing the Glastonbury Festival late June (Nick's first gig with the band). It was released early 1996, and promoted with singles "Sleep" (re-recorded and reissued) and "Time". The album went top 10, and touring continued, including trips to Europe, Japan and America.
"The Program"-era (1997-1999).
The band largely disappeared from sight in 1997 to record their second album "The Program" with former guitarist of The Smiths, Johnny Marr. Around this time, cracks began to appear in the band, in part due to the excesses of the rock and roll lifestyle taking hold. Additionally, interference from London Records caused further friction, as they asked for various songs to be re-written. A single, "Miyako Hideaway", was released in early 1998, and the band played gigs and festivals in support, even once again travelling to Japan. However, the album wasn't released till September that year when it almost apologetically crept onto the shelves of shops with little or no promotion. Another single, "Sparkle", was released, but only in Japan.
The band headed to America to start afresh, and try to gain a new record deal. Around this time, Tony left the band (late 1998), with Johnny Regan replacing him. Despite radio airplay for the track "The Smile", and even some appearances of the video for "Miyako Hideaway" on MTV, London Records and their prospective US label were unable to reach an agreement that would allow Marion to release and promote "The Program" in America. So, in May 1999, the band gave up and went their separate ways.
The Wilderness years (1999-2005).
Harding went on to work with friend Wayne Ward, writing and demoing tracks, with a view to releasing an EP (tentatively titled "Sisters") still under the Marion name. While numerous tracks were produced from this collaboration, running from 1999-2005 in various sessions, involving both Johnny Marr and Joe Moss, nothing has so far ultimately come of it. These tracks were recorded: Can't Help You, Loaded All This To Say, Anyway. Harding went on to take time away from the music business, heading off to Eastern Europe for a prolonged break.
Cunningham continued to play guitar, joining as a touring guitarist for Electronic and working with bands Run Run Run and Label. At one point, Harding even joined Label on stage to run through a couple of Marion tracks, "Sleep" and "The Only Way". Cunningham went on to join New Order when Gillian Gilbert left, and later became part of the band's continuation, Bad Lieutenant, as well.
Tony Grantham has also continued in the music business, initially in Chalk and most recently, RYNA. Murad has left the music business, but Nick has continued, working as both a session bass player and graphic designer.
Reformation (2006-present).
At the beginning of 2006, Harding and Cunningham started working together again, writing new songs, and planning to put together a band for a gig in Bath in early April. Bringing in local musicians Jake Evans on guitar and Che Hargreaves on bass, and recruiting Jack Mitchell from Haven on drums, they duly played a show comprising both old and brand new songs. Initially, this was meant to be a one-off show under the name Marion, with a new name to be chosen at a later date, but it was ultimately decided to keep performing under the same name. Further sold out shows were played in Manchester and London in September and then again in December to even bigger crowds, with new songs debuted both times. Cunningham continued to divide his time between Marion and New Order up until New Order's split and is now said to be working on 'various projects'.
On 24 August Carl from the band, via 'The Marion Archives' announced that the band were still together but had suffered some major setbacks. The open letter states that the response to the reformation was far greater than they expected but that since both Che had broken his neck, and Harding had been admitted to hospital with a blood condition that required open-heart surgery. He was described as being 'unwell' but that he was making a slow and steady recovery. The letter stated that the band hoped to be playing around Christmas 2007. On 18 October 2008, the band supported Puressence at Manchester Academy 1, a reversal of the order when the two bands toured together in the mid-1990s.
On the 6 October 2008, it was announced that the October and November gigs had been cancelled, due to Harding contracting pneumonia. The gigs were not re-scheduled.
Towards the end of September 2011, Harding and Cunningham have been joined by Grantham and Phillips from the original line up, with a come back gig scheduled for December 2011 in Manchester.
In November 2011 it was announced by Marion's new management company Townsend Records that the band's new (original) line-up would be making a live debut on Thursday, November 24 at a secret location in their hometown Macclesfield for 60 invited fans. These fans were asked to meet in the Snowgoose Bar on Sunderland Street, Macclesfield and then marched around the corner at 9pm onto George Street to the recently opened studio, Cabin 5150, where they were treated to a one hour performance which included both old and new material in the studio's live room. It had been 16 years since this line-up last performed together.
Band members.
1993-1995
1995-1999
2006-2007
2007-2008
2008-current

</doc>
<doc id="2930391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930391" title="Term indexing">
Term indexing

In computer science, term indexing is the task of creating an index of terms and clauses in a collection.
Many operations in automatic theorem provers require search in huge 
collections of terms and clauses. Such operations typically fall into
the following scheme. Given a collection formula_1 of terms (clauses) and a query
term (clause) formula_2, find in formula_1 some/all terms formula_4 related to formula_2 according to a
certain retrieval condition. Most interesting retrieval conditions
are formulated as existence of a substitution that relates in a special
way the query and the retrieved objects formula_4. Here is a list of retrieval
conditions frequently used in provers:
More often than not, we are actually interested in finding the appropriate 
substitutions explicitly, together with the retrieved terms formula_4,
rather than just in establishing existence of such substitutions. 
Very often the sizes of term sets to be searched are large, 
the retrieval calls are frequent and the retrieval condition test
is rather complex. In such situations linear search in formula_1, when the retrieval
condition is tested on every term from formula_1, becomes prohibitively costly. 
To overcome this problem, special data structures, called "indexes", are 
designed in order to support fast retrieval. Such data structures, 
together with the accompanying algorithms for index maintenance
and retrieval, are called "term indexing techniques".

</doc>
<doc id="2930405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930405" title="Pearse Park (Longford)">
Pearse Park (Longford)

Pearse Park is a GAA stadium in Longford, Ireland. It is the main grounds of Longford's Gaelic football and hurling teams. The ground originally had a capacity of 18,000, however in November 2011, this was cut to 8,000 for health and safety reasons. As of 2012, the name of the stadium has been updated; with capacity of "10,000", it is now referred to as Glennon Brothers Pearse Park, due to sponsorship with Glennon Brothers

</doc>
<doc id="2930434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930434" title="Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen">
Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen

Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen (Hindi: खुल्लम खुल्ला प्यार करें, Urdu: کھلم کھلا پیار کریں) is a Bollywood movie starring Govinda and Preity Zinta. Due to complications the film kept on getting delayed therefore it was not released until 2005.
Synopsis.
Damani (Prem Chopra) and Goverdhan (Kader Khan) are bitter enemies but when they get word from their boss Trikal Annaa (Sadashiv Amrapurkar) to stop the rivalry, they are forced to shake hands. They soon decide to get their children married to each other. Goverdhan tells his son Vicky (Mohnish Behl) to go to Surat to meet Damani's daughter Priti (Preity Zinta).
Whilst going to Surat, Vicky offers a lift to Raja (Govinda) but the car has an accident and falls into the river. Some people manage to rescue Raja but not Vicky. Using this as an advantage and knowing about Vicky's purpose, he poses himself as Vicky and makes his way to Surat. He meets Priti and falls in love with her. At first when Priti meets Raja (under the guise of Vicky), she hates him but soon she falls in love with him. Goverdhan soon gets word that Vicky has met Priti and both have agreed to marry.
Then to his shock, the real Vicky comes home and announces that he never made it to Surat and he did not meet Priti. Goverdhan makes his way to Surat to find out who is there posing as his son...

</doc>
<doc id="2930435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930435" title="GE 57-ton gas-electric boxcab">
GE 57-ton gas-electric boxcab

Before Diesel engines had been perfected in the early 1900s, many companies chose to use the gasoline engine for rail motive power. The first GE Locomotive was a series of four-axle (B-B) boxcab gasoline-electric machines closely related to their "doodlebugs", a line of self-propelled passenger cars built in the early 1900s.
One of their first major customers was the Minneapolis, St. Paul, Rochester & Dubuque Electric Traction Company, better known as the Dan Patch Electric Lines after the owner's prize horse of the same name. Founded on the principle of not using steam power if they could avoid it, they asked GE to make them a series of locomotives based on their doodlebugs. GE complied, and created a number of locomotives originally claimed to be the first engines using an engine to drive a generator for traction motors. However, historians later determined that a narrow-gauge diesel-electric locomotive had been built in 1912.
Survivors.
No. 100, still survives. After the Dan Patch Line went into bankruptcy, its sisters went to a California traction company while 100 was sold first to the Central Warehouse Company of Saint Paul, Minnesota, in 1917, who converted it to a simple electric locomotive. It was then sold to the Minneapolis, Anoka and Cuyuna Range Railroad (MA&CR) in 1922 for $12,000. The MA&CR owned the locomotive until that railroad was bought by the Great Northern Railway in 1966. In the meantime, the MA&CR had removed its trolley wire and converted 100 to a diesel-electric system, using a Waukesha diesel engine.
In 1967, the Great Northern donated Dan Patch #100 to the Minnesota Transportation Museum of St. Paul, MN. It is currently on display at their Jackson Street Roundhouse in St. Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="2930443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930443" title="Allison Scagliotti">
Allison Scagliotti

Allison Glenn Scagliotti (skæliˈoʊti; born September 21, 1990) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles in "Drake & Josh" and SyFy television series, "Warehouse 13".
Early life.
Scagliotti was born in Monterey, California. At age five, she moved to Mandeville, Louisiana, where she joined her school's drama club. She moved to Los Angeles with her mother in 2003, and continues to be based in Los Angeles for work and travels to her home in Monterey when possible.
Scagliotti studied at New York University.
Career.
Scagliotti has had various small television roles during her career including "One Tree Hill", and "" as well as the Nickelodeon series "Zoey 101". 
Scagliotti also had a recurring role on "Drake & Josh", as Mindy Crenshaw, Josh's rival and later girlfriend. She appeared in seven episodes from 2004 to 2008. She reprised her role in the spin-off movie, "Merry Christmas, Drake and Josh". 
Her first lead role was as Maddie in the 2005 short film "Redemption Maddie".
Scagliotti is best known for her portrayal of the character Claudia Donovan in the 2009 series, "Warehouse 13" on Syfy. Her character was introduced early in the premiere season and she appeared in most of the remaining episodes (though credited as a guest star until season two). Her character crossed over to "Eureka" when she guest-starred in the season four episode "Crossing Over". She helped co-host SyFy's "Ghost Hunters Live" on Halloween 2010.
She appeared as Jayna, the female Wonder Twin, in the 8th episode of the ninth season of "Smallville".
She has appeared as a guest on the show "Destination Truth" and The Nerdist Podcast hosted by Chris Hardwick.
She appeared in the indie film "Losers Take All", set in the 1980s rock music scene.
In December 2012, Scagliotti appeared in Darren Caulley's play "Unhealthy". She played the lead role of Michelle, a struggling actress. "Unhealthy" premiered December 4 at HERE Arts Center in New York, NY.
In 2014, Scagliotti joined the advisory board of Sci-Fest, the first annual Los Angeles Science Fiction One-Act Play Festival, to be held in May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2930451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930451" title="Cusack Park (Mullingar)">
Cusack Park (Mullingar)

Cusack Park ("" in Irish) is a GAA stadium in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland. It is the main grounds of Westmeath GAA's Gaelic football and hurling teams. 
The ground, named after GAA founder Michael Cusack, was opened in 1933 and had a capacity of 15,000. However following a national review of health and safety at GAA grounds in 2011, that was reduced to 11,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2930455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930455" title="Big Red (film)">
Big Red (film)

Big Red is a 1962 American family-oriented adventure film from Walt Disney Productions. Based on a 1945 novel by American author Jim Kjelgaard and adapted to the screen by American screenwriter Louis Pelletier, the film starred Walter Pidgeon.
Filmed in the province of Quebec, "Big Red" is an Irish Setter that would rather run through the woods than be the perfectly-trained and groomed show dog his sportsman owner (Pidgeon) wants. A ten-year-old orphan boy (Payant) helps look after the dog and rebels against his owner's strict discipline of "Big Red."

</doc>
<doc id="2930468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930468" title="Gerard Steenson">
Gerard Steenson

Gerard Steenson (c. 1957 - 14 March 1987) was an Irish republican paramilitary, in the Irish National Liberation Army during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
A Catholic from Belfast, he was raised in heavily republican West Belfast. Nicknamed "Doctor Death" by sections of the Irish media, he was widely associated with internecine violence between Irish republican groups. He joined the Official IRA's C Company in 1972 at the age of 14. Two years later, he left to join the INLA upon the paramilitary group's formation consequent to their split from the Official IRA. He came to notoriety as a 16 year-old for killing Billy McMillen, the Official IRA's Belfast leader during the IRSP/INLA's feud with the Official IRA. He had been dubbed "Dr. Death" by the Royal Ulster Constabulary for the chain of assassinations he purportedly accomplished.
Steenson, Jimmy Brown and others formed the Irish People's Liberation Organisation with the express intention of wiping out the INLA and IRSP which they viewed as becoming corrupt and an obstacle to the fight for socialism and Irish freedom. He argued in letters written while he was in prison in the early 1980s that the INLA had become militarily inefficient and undisciplined, and that this had led to involvement in criminality and sectarian attacks. In 1987, Steenson and Tony McCarthy were killed by the INLA. Two revenge killings of INLA members followed before the end of the feud.

</doc>
<doc id="2930469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930469" title="Bart's Dog Gets an &quot;F&quot;">
Bart's Dog Gets an &quot;F&quot;

"Bart's Dog Gets an F" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' second season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 7, 1991. In this episode, the Simpson family's dog, Santa's Little Helper, manages to infuriate the entire family by destroying Homer's new shoes, ruining a family heirloom, and devouring Homer's cookie. As a result, Bart is forced to train Santa's Little Helper at an obedience school so that the family will not have to give him away. At first, the dog is extremely disobedient, but, at the last minute, passes the test.
The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Jim Reardon. Tracey Ullman guest starred as Emily Winthrop, the instructor at the obedience school. The animal noises for the episode were performed by Frank Welker. "Bart's Dog Gets an F" features cultural references to films such as "Predator", "Jaws", "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", and "National Lampoon's Animal House". Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 13.8, and was the highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired.
Plot.
Lisa has the mumps and has to spend a few days home from school. While Marge teaches Lisa sewing, Homer goes to the mall to buy some magazines for her. There he sees and purchases some $125 shoes known as the Assassins, which he saw his neighbor Ned Flanders wear earlier. However, Santa's Little Helper promptly destroys the shoes, angering Homer. Marge shows Lisa a patchwork quilt, which is a family heirloom. Lisa makes her own contribution to it, but then Santa's Little Helper rips it up. When Homer discovers that Santa's Little Helper has also eaten his cookie, which Homer had bought earlier, he demands that the family get rid of the dog and laughs at the kids when Marge agrees with him, but the kids, terrified that Homer will take away their pet, promise their dad that they will train their dog so they won't give him away.
Santa's Little Helper does not do well at the obedience school as Bart is reluctant to use Santa's Little Helper's leash as a choke chain suggested by the school's instructor Emily Winthrop. The night before the final exam, Bart and Santa's Little Helper play, thinking it will be their last few hours together. This bonding breaks down the communication barrier, meaning Santa's Little Helper can understand Bart's commands, and much to Homer's chagrin, passes obedience school. Lisa marks the occasions by starting a new quilt to replace the one destroyed.
Production.
The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Jim Reardon. Tracey Ullman guest starred as Emily Winthrop, the instructor at the obedience school, a parody of Katharine Hepburn in her mannerisms. "The Simpsons" began as a series of one-minute shorts that aired on Ullman's variety show, "The Tracey Ullman Show", for three seasons during 1987–89. Due to the success of the shorts, the characters spun off into their own half-hour prime-time show on the Fox network named "The Simpsons". Matt Groening, the series' creator, wanted Ullman to make a guest appearance in one of the shorts, but was told that she was too busy with the rest of "The Tracey Ullman Show". When her show was canceled in 1990, Ullman agreed to do a guest appearance on "The Simpsons" after being asked by Groening once again. The animal noises for the episode, including those by Santa's Little Helper, were performed by Frank Welker. It was the first "The Simpsons" episode Welker worked on and he became a recurring voice actor on the show, before leaving in 2002.
Cultural references.
Dr. Hibbert's home and family resemble that of the "The Cosby Show", a program that at the time competed with "The Simpsons" for the Thursday 8:00 p.m. time slot. The high tech and expensive sneakers Assassins are reference to the Nike Air Jordan, an athletic shoe brand which was expensive in the early 1990s, and was expected to sell on the basis of brand loyalty and celebrity endorsements. When Lisa shows Marge her sewing finger, the music from the film "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" plays. Lisa touching Marge's finger is reference to the final scene of that film. The second frame in the Bouvier family patchwork quilt depicts a poster for one of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Shows. In addition, the photograph "The Falling Soldier" by Robert Capa is the third frame in the quilt. When the scene changes to Santa's Little Helper's point of view, a small explosion sound is heard; this sound is used in the film "Predator", when the camera switches to Predator's point of view. The dramatic music from the film "Jaws" is used just before Santa's Little Helper attacks something. The dog obedience school has different categories named after famous dogs, which are Rin Tin Tin, Benji, Toto and the one in which Santa's Little Helper attends, Cujo. Winthrop is based on British dog trainer and author Barbara Woodhouse. One of the dogs seen in the graduation ceremony is named after Lao Tzu, an ancient philosopher of China. At the end of the episode, the eventual fate of the various dogs in the class are captioned at the bottom of the screen, a reference to the ending of the film "National Lampoon's Animal House".
Reception.
In its original broadcast, "Bart's Dog Gets an F" finished thirtieth in the ratings for the week of March 4–10, 1991, with a Nielsen rating of 13.8, equivalent to approximately thirteen million viewing households. It was the highest-rated show on the Fox network that week. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. The authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide", Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, wrote that it was an "enjoyable episode heightened by both Tracey Ullman's Miss Winthropp and Frank Welker's muted dog noises." DVD Movie Guide's Colin Jacobson said the episode "presented an odd viewpoint, since Little Helper never behaved this badly in prior episodes, but consistency never exactly was the hallmark of the series." He also commented that Tracey Ullman "offered a great performance as obedience school owner Emily Winthrop," and concluded by saying that the episode overall "provided yet another consistently fine show." In a review of the second season, Bryce Wilson of Cinema Blend said "Bart's Dog Gets an F" felt "a bit flat", but "but even in lowest points, humor is easy to find." Doug Pratt, a DVD reviewer and "Rolling Stone" contributor, was also positive about the episode: "The viewer is treated to an inspired dog's prospective of the world, in very grayish tones, with the humans speaking gibberish; another poignant character effort." Jacobson's favorite line of the episode was Homer's ad about Santa's Little Helper: "Free to loving home. World’s most brilliant dog. Says ‘I love you’ on command." Reviewing for The DVD Journal, Dawn Taylor thought the most memorable line was Flanders's description of the Assassins sneakers: "They've got Velcro straps, a water pump in the tongue, a built-in pedometer, reflective sidewalls and little vanity plates."
In promotion of "The Simpsons Sing the Blues", the music video for the album's second single, "Deep, Deep Trouble" premiered shortly after this episode's first broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="2930475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930475" title="List of airports in Delaware">
List of airports in Delaware

This is a list of airports in Delaware (a U.S. state), grouped by type and sorted by location. It contains all public-use and military airports in the state. Some private-use and former airports may be included where notable, such as airports that were previously public-use, those with commercial enplanements recorded by the FAA or airports assigned an IATA airport code.
From 2008 to 2013, Delaware was the only U.S state that had no airports in the FAA category known as "commercial service" (2,500+ boardings per year). However, since 2013, scheduled commercial airline passenger service has been available at Wilmington-Philadelphia Regional Airport.
Airports.
Footnotes:
References.
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA):
Delaware Department of Transportation (DelDOT):
Other sites used as a reference when compiling and updating this list:

</doc>
<doc id="2930480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930480" title="Manantico Creek">
Manantico Creek

Manantico Creek, spelled Menantico on federal maps, is an tributary of the Maurice River in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.
Menantico Creek begins in Cumberland County at the confluence of Cedar and Panther Branches, north of Hances Bridge. It flows south/southwest down the eastern forested side of Vineland, through Menantico Lake, then, several miles downstream, meanders through Menantico Ponds. It joins the tidal Maurice River a few miles downstream of Millville approximately below Route 47.

</doc>
<doc id="2930483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930483" title="Bubley">
Bubley

Bubley is a very unusual family name, believed to originate in Russia. It has now spread to Germany, the United States, Britain, and South Africa.
On July 12, 1904, a 28-year-old Jewish Russian man named Israel Bubli, who had been living a short time in London with relatives, arrived at Ellis Island aboard the S.S. Potsdam, which had departed from Rotterdam in The Netherlands. Originally from the Russian city of Vilna (now the city of Vilnius, Lithuania), in the district or province of Vilna Guberniya, Israel came to America to establish a new life. A year or two later, his wife, Frieda Rodzinski Bubli, joined him in New York. While the spelling of their surname was assigned by Ellis Island officials, it was changed several years later to Bobley. However, Israel's brother, who had established a family in London, spelled his surname Bubley. The name may possibly have been derived from a Hebrew/Arabic word (pronounced similar to, but not precisely like, "bub'lee," meaning "one from Babylon," or "man from Babylon."
People named Bubley.
Esther Bubley 1921 - 1998, United States, photojournalist and documentary photographer
Erin Heatherton Bubley 1989 -, Birth name of Victoria's Secret Angel Erin Heatherton

</doc>
<doc id="2930484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930484" title="Zvi Hecker">
Zvi Hecker

Zvi Hecker (; born May 31, 1931) is a Polish-born Israeli architect. His work is known for its emphasis on geometry and asymmetry.
Biography.
Zvi Hecker was born in Kraków, Poland. He grew up in Poland and Samarkand. He began his education in architecture at the Cracow University of Technology. He immigrated to Israel in 1950. There he studied architecture at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, graduating in 1955. At the Technion, Eldar Sharon was a classmate, and Alfred Neumann was their professor. Between 1955 and 1957, he studied painting at the Avni Institute of Art and Design, before beginning his career as an architect. Between 1957 and 1959, Hecker served in the Combat Engineering Corps of the Israel Defense Forces.
Architectural career.
After his military service, he founded a firm with Eldar Sharon (until 1964) and Alfred Neumann (until 1966). The physical and economic conditions in Israel at the time, allowed them to complete a fair number of works in a relatively brief period of time, which brought international attention. Their joint works include the Mediterranean Sea Club in Achzib (1960–1961), Dubiner House (1963), the Chaim Laskov Officer Training School (1963–1967) Bahad 1, the main officer training school of the Israel Defense Forces, just later the synagogue (1969–1971) at the same academy, and the Bat Yam city hall (1963–1969). Their designs shared aspects in common with the metabolist movement, borrowing metaphoric shapes from nature for use in planning morphological structures. The modularity of these works, such as the Dubiner House, provided an architectural precedent for the Habitat 67 project by Moshe Safdie.
Hecker resides in Berlin and Tel Aviv. He has been involved in planning projects for the German Jewish community as well as other international projects.
Academic career.
Hecker taught in Canada, the United States, Israel, and Austria at the Université Laval, University of Texas at Arlington, Washington University in St. Louis, Iowa State University, Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, and the University of Applied Arts Vienna. Zvi Hecker writes about his work periodically, co-authoring books with Sir Peter Cook, John Hejduk, and others.
Projects.
The early projects of Zvi Hecker, designed in partnership with Sharon and Neumann, have architectural qualities that were developed later in his career. The officer school (Bahad 1) was built to give a respectable living environment to soldiers in the Negev desert, and special emphasis was given to the large spaces between the structures, in order to form a micro-environment there, separating the people inside from the harsh desert outskirts. Raw concrete was chosen because it did not require constant maintenance and renovation in light of the strong sandy winds. About the school, Hecker said: "The location of the base has a special relevance to the vision of David Ben-Gurion. To build such an important school in a place which isn't the center of the country – in my opinion, that's the positive side of the State of Israel". The academy was supplemented later with a synagogue, whose form was complementary and contrasting. The Oxford Dictionary of Architecture and Landscape Architecture says of the architect's approach to its design, "Eschewing the right angles of international modernism, he turned to crystalline geometry found in nature [...]"
Another of the Zvi Hecker's projects in partnership, the Bat Yam City Hall shows the recurrence of geometrical invention that exists throughout his work. One architectural significance of the Bat Yam City Hall- its formal concept, is that it is an inverted pyramid. It is linked to other works of architecture such as Boston City Hall through this form, in addition to their program, similar materials, and time period. The building is patterned on a diagonal grid with concrete, which provides both its structure and aesthetics. The importance of this building was recognized in 1975 with perspective and section illustrations on a postage stamp in the Architecture in Israel series. As of 2003, Bat Yam City Hall was removed of its signature light shafts, rather than having them renovated. This was because of a perceived structural instability due to weathering over time. Of this removal Dr. Ami Ran wrote, "From an architectural standpoint, removing them is equivalent to dousing the Statue of Liberty's torch."
Among several projects for memorials, Zvi Hecker designed the solemn "Page Memorial" (1996) with Micha Ullmann and Eyal Weizmann. This site-specific memorial commemorates the Jewish community of Kreuzberg, and their Lindenstrasse synagogue which was designed in 1891 by architects Cremer & Wolffenstein. What was once one of the largest religious buildings in Berlin, with a capacity of 1800; was ruined by the Nazis in the 1938 Kristallnacht pogrom. On the original floor plan, the benches of the synagogue were recreated in concrete, and where the bimah stood, trees are now planted. The designers conceived of the benches as sentences on the pages of the Talmud.
Architectural style.
Zvi Hecker architecture has continued to emphasize geometry and modularity, but with increasing asymmetry. Ramot Polin (1972–75) is a rare prefabricated apartment complex with 720 non-rectangular components. The apartments were expanded later, incorporating more cubic rather than pentagonal components. The design idea of this neighborhood may seem to be the more purely geometrical, however it is likened to a chemical structure, and in plan view to an open hand, and a leaf- therefore imparting it with metaphorical qualities. More examples of advanced geometry in Hecker's work are the Spiral Apartment House in Ramat Gan, (1981–1989), and the Heinz-Galinski-Schule (1992–1995) in Berlin, noted for their high degree of complexity. The Heinz-Galinski-Schule won Zvi Hecker the "Deutscher Kritikerpreis" in 1995- it was stated that the decision of the jury was based on their appreciation of the "expressive geometry of his construction." The Spiral Apartment House is located adjacent to his earlier Dubiner house, providing a juxtaposition of two important moments in his career. The work of Zvi Hecker has been compared to that of Antonio Gaudi, for expressiveness and expanding of architectural ideas.
More of his later works are the Jewish community center in Duisburg (1996–1999), and with Rafi Segal, the Palmach Museum in Tel Aviv (1995–2000). The Duisburg Jewish community center is located on a park, the "Garten der Erinnerung" designed by Dani Karavan. The community center shares a similar concept to the "Page Memorial" in its likening to the open pages of a book, and symbolically the Torah of Moses. The Palmach Museum has an angular zig-zag plan positioned around the preservation of trees on the site. It is clad in a local sandstone that was found in excavations for the project. It was exhibited at the Venice Biennale.
Museum exhibits.
Hecker was the subject of a solo exhibition at the Israel Museum in 1976. He had solo exhibitions at the Tel Aviv Museum of Art in the 1980s and in 1996. He also took part in the "Jewish Identity in Contemporary Architecture" at the Jewish Museum Berlin in 2005, and has participated in the Venice Biennale on a number of occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="2930500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930500" title="Antelope Valley High School">
Antelope Valley High School

Antelope Valley High School is located in Lancaster, California, and is part of the Antelope Valley Union High School District, in northernmost Los Angeles County, California. It was founded in 1909, and had its first graduating class in 1912. It is located near the western edge of the Mojave Desert. At the time of its founding, the school was a residential boarding school serving students from farms and ranches from north Los Angeles and south Kern counties. At present, the school primarily serves the population of Lancaster, California. During the 1960s, the high school served as meeting ground for musicians Frank Zappa, Captain Beefheart (Don Van Vliet) [http://www.beefheart.com/datharp/odyssey.htm], Rockette Morton (Mark Boston), Carl Dante (Film Composer) and Zoot Horn Rollo (Bill Harkleroad).
Notable alumni.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="2930511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930511" title="Land Registration Act 2002">
Land Registration Act 2002

The Land Registration Act 2002 (c 9) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which repealed and replaced previous legislation governing land registration, in particular the Land Registration Act 1925, which governed an earlier, though similar, system. , the Act, together with the Land Registration Rules, regulates the role and practice of HM Land Registry.
Background.
The Land Registration Act 2002 was introduced in response to the Law Commission and HM Land Registry report, "Land Registration for the Twenty-first Century" (2001). The Act:
The Act made some major changes to the law regulating registered land. Specifically, it:
Land registration.
Section 4 stipulates that registration of an estate in land is compulsory when one of the following events occurs:
Failure to register when required, means that the purchaser or transferee gains only an equitable title to the land and the seller or remains as the registered proprietor. A person with an equitable title, "i.e." who has failed to register, cannot take advantage of the priority rules found in sections 29 and 30 of the Act and may be vulnerable if the (still) registered proprietor attempts another dealing with the land.
Grades of title.
On first registration, the registrar awards a grade of title to each registered estate.
In the case of freehold estates, one of the following grades of title may be awarded according to s. 11 of the Act:
In the case of leasehold estates, one of the following grades of title may be awarded according to s. 12 of the Act:
Registerable dispositions.
Dispositions subject to registration according to s. 27 are:
According to s. 27(1): "If a disposition is required to be completed by registration it does not operate at law until the relevant requirements are met."
Priority.
According to s. 29 of the Act, a person acquiring an interest under a registrable disposition for valuable consideration (being usually a freehold or leasehold, but also including a legal mortgage) and having been registered successfully as owner of the interest, takes it subject to only:
All other interests are postponed to the interest under the disposition – i.e. the successfully registered purchaser's interest gets priority over all other interests.
Note: if the transferee is "not" a purchaser (such as the recipient of a gift, or under a will), he or she takes the title subject to "all" pre-existing proprietary interests affecting the land – see s.28 LRA 2002
Restrictions.
A restriction on the proprietorship register prevents the registration of a disposition unless complied with.
This is the appropriate way of alerting a purchaser of the existence of an equitable family interest which arises under a trust of land. A restriction does not protect the priority of that interest, nor any right of occupation – it notifies the purchaser of the interest. In any event, in the normal case, the purchaser will overreach and in such cases it is immaterial whether the purchaser knows of the equitable family interest or not. (Law of Property Act 1925; Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act 1996)
Restrictions are also useful to control dealings with the land as a secondary means of protection. For example, a person with an option to purchase land (e.g. a developer) should protect that interest by means of a Notice. However, they may also enter a restriction to prevent, or to be alerted to, any attempt to transfer the land in breach of the option.
Notices.
According to s. 32 of the Act: "A notice is an entry on the register in respect of a burden of an interest affecting a registered estate or charge."
According to s. 33, the following interests cannot be protected by a notice:
In all cases, these interests are protected against a purchaser by other means.
According to s. 34, all other interests may be protected by a notice. Examples include:
Adverse possession.
The Act is known for the changes it has made to the rules regulating adverse possession in relation to registered land (the rules applicable to unregistered land remain the same, and 12 years occupation "nec vi, nec clam, nec precario" is still required to obtain title).
The Act provides that anyone who occupies registered land without permission from the owner and treats it as his own for 10 years is entitled to "apply" to be registered as owner, although the system introduced by the Act means that few claims will succeed. Specifically, according to paragraph 1(1) of Schedule 6 to the Act:
The Land Registry is obliged to notify the registered proprietor of the land that an application for possessory title has been made. The registered proprietor then has 65 days to object to the registration. The objection may dispute the applicant's right to be registered as owner or, more usually, the registered proprietor will claim the benefit of the process found in paragraph 5 of Schedule 6. This provides that a registered proprietor who objects has a further two years to evict the adverse possessor. It will be enough to secure eviction within these two years that the registered proprietor relies on their registered title. No other reason need be given. Failure to secure the eviction of the adverse possessor within these two years gives the adverse possessor the right to re-apply to be registered and such a second application will be successful.
In three special cases, the adverse possessor may be registered as proprietor without having to wait for two further years and even if the proprietor objects. These special cases usually arise because the adverse possessor has some other reason for claiming ownership in addition to their possession for (at least) 10 years.
The new rules regulating adverse possession can be found in Part 9 of the Act, and the rules regulating the procedures for registration of an adverse possessor can be found at Schedule 6 to the Act.
These rules are much more difficult to satisfy than the common law with regard to adverse possession, although it is now clear that all rules of adverse possession (in unregistered land, under the LRA 1925 and under the LRA 2002) are human rights compliant, see generally the judgment of the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights in J.A. Pye (Oxford) Land Ltd v United Kingdom
A registered proprietor need simply object and then proceed to evict within two years. The adverse possessor's claim is therefore vulnerable under the 2002 Act and the registered proprietor is protected in all but the most unusual circumstances.
After the passage of the Act, local councils and other organisations with large land holdings began the systematic registration of their land in order to prevent title being lost to squatters.
Objection and adjudication.
Anybody may make an objection to the Registrar about an application (s.73). The Registrar must advise the applicant and, so long as the objection is not groundless, must dispose of the objection by agreement between the parties. If agreement cannot be reached, the matter must be referred to the Adjudicator who is appointed by the Lord Chancellor (ss.107–114). The Adjudicator also hears appeals from aggrieved persons on decisions of the Registrar as to access to the Land Registry Network (Sch.5).
The Adjudicator can make any order which the High Court could make for the rectification or setting aside of certain dispositions, contracts and other documents affecting interests in land. Appeals from the decision of the Regulator can be made to the High Court (s.111).
As of 1 November 2007, the Adjudicator came under the supervision of the Administrative Justice and Tribunals Council and will become part of the UK tribunal system as reformed under the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2930513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930513" title="Senior Advisor">
Senior Advisor

In some countries, a Senior Advisor is an appointed position by the Head of State to advise on the highest levels of national and government policy. Sometimes a junior position to this is called a National Policy Advisor. In some instances, these advisors form a Council of State or a State Council. Senior Advisor also is a title for senior civil servants in several countries, and is also used in organisations.
Taiwan (Republic of China).
The President of the Republic of China can appoint Senior Advisors to the Office of the President of the Republic of China (中華民國總統府資政) and National Policy Advisors to the Office of the President of the Republic of China (中華民國總統府國策顧問), but they do not form a council.
United States.
Senior Advisor is a title used within the Executive Branch of the United States Government for various positions. The senior advisors to President Barack Obama are Valerie Jarrett, and Daniel Pfeiffer.
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
Advisor to President of Pakistan is title mostly used for the member of advisory committee to President of Pakistan. Constitution of Pakistan allows President to keep advisors. The president is the ceremonial head of the state, is the civilian commander-in-chief of the Pakistan Armed Forces with Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee as its principle military adviser. Abdul Qadir Patel was appointed as political advisor to president Asif Zardari after resignation of former adviser Faisal Raza Abidi.

</doc>
<doc id="2930527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930527" title="The Distinguished Gentleman">
The Distinguished Gentleman

The Distinguished Gentleman (1992) is a comedy starring Eddie Murphy. The film was directed by Jonathan Lynn. In addition to Murphy, the film stars Lane Smith, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Joe Don Baker, James Garner, Victoria Rowell, Grant Shaud, Kevin McCarthy, Charles S. Dutton, Victor Rivers, Chi, Sonny Jim Gaines, and Noble Willingham.
The film's plot is centered on politics, specifically what members of the Congress and lobbyists do to get what they want in Washington, D.C.
Synopsis.
A Florida con man named Thomas Jefferson Johnson uses the passing of the longtime Congressman from his district, Jeff Johnson (who died of a heart attack while having sex with his secretary), to get elected to the United State Congress as a freshman Congressman, where the money flows from lobbyists. Omitting his first name, and abbreviating his middle name, he calls himself "Jeff" Johnson. He then manages to get on the ballot by pitching a seniors organization, the Silver Foxes, to nominate him as their candidate for office.
Once on the election ballot, he uses the dead Congressman's old campaign material and runs a low budget campaign that appeals to name recognition, figuring most people do not pay much attention and simply vote for the "name you know." He wins a slim victory and is off to Washington, a place where the "streets are lined with gold."
Initially, the lucrative donations and campaign contributions roll in, but as he learns the nature of the con game in Washington D.C., he starts to see how the greed and corruption makes it difficult to address issues such as campaign finance reform, environmental protection, and the possibility that electric power companies may have a product that is giving kids in a small town cancer.
In trying to address these issues, Congressman Johnson finds himself double-crossed by the Chairman of the Committee on Power and Industry, Rep. Dick Dodge. Johnson decides to fight back the only way he knows how: with a con. Johnson succeeds and exposes Dodge as corrupt. As the film ends, it appears likely that Johnson will be thrown out of Congress for the manner in which he was elected, but he defiantly declares, "I'm gonna run for President!" then breaking the fourth wall.
Production.
Eddie Murphy appeared in this Disney-produced film after a string of Paramount Pictures star vehicles. Bernie Weinraub, film reviewer for "The New York Times", offered his opinion that Murphy wished to "move beyond the tepid material" he had been given by Paramount. Writer and producer Marty Kaplan said of Murphy's involvement "I feel like I've come close to winning the jackpot".
The film was shot at various locations in Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, California; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Maryland, and Pasadena, California.
Reception.
Critical response.
It was released in December 1992 and went on to gross approximately $47 million at the domestic box office. Critical reaction to the movie however was mostly negative. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times liked the premise and what it had going for it, but criticized it for its "slow pacing", despite it being a screwball comedy. Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly called it "a sterile, joyless comedy, photographed in ugly, made-for-video close-up and featuring a farce plot so laborious it suggests John Landis on a bad day". eFilmCritic.com called it a "tepid Eddie Murphy political farce", and the film currently holds a 13% "Rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Environmental Media Awards granted the movie with the award for feature film of 1993, and in 2001 the Political Film Society awarded the film its special award of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2930533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930533" title="Feinwerkbau">
Feinwerkbau

Feinwerkbau , often abbreviated FWB, is a German manufacturer of firearms (including air guns). It is aimed mainly at competitive ISSF shooting events, including some contested at the Olympic Games as governed by the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF).
The company currently offers three distinct product lines: air pistols and rifles, small caliber .177 and .22 lr rifles and competition pistols as well as two muzzleloading black powder smallarms, chambered in .36 and .44. It also offers several accessories, an archery trigger release and high-precision industrial machining and manufacturing services. Feinwerkbau has on-site service staff available at various European shooting events.
The name Feinwerkbau is German, which translates to "precision technology works".
History.
The company was established 1949 by Karl Westinger and Ernst Altenburger, both former employees of Mauser where Westinger had been responsible for an important design improvement to the Mauser C96 “Broomhandle” pistol. Because of post-war sanctions, there were few opportunities to develop small arms in Germany during the 1950s and so the fledgling company spent its first decade concentrating on the manufacture of precision parts and machines (particularly electro-mechanical calculators). In the late 1950s they returned to their original design focus with the development of the first truly successful recoilless target air rifle (an area which was excluded from the weapon manufacturing restrictions but which could tap into the undiminished German interest in target shooting). This was launched as the LG150 in 1963 and was followed with their first air-pistol in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2930541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930541" title="Chicago Gaylords">
Chicago Gaylords

The Chicago Gaylords, also known as the Almighty Gaylords, is one of the oldest Chicago street gangs. It originated in the neighborhood of Grand and Noble. The original president of the Gaylords selected the name after reading about the Gaylords in the public library (the Gaillards, later anglicized to Gaylord, were people from Normandy who lived near the Château Gaillard, constructed by Richard I). They are a part of the People Nation alliance.
Origins.
The Chicago Gaylords began as one of the clubs started by World War II veterans and George Nebour Zomaya. Joey Sibo, and the majority of the original members were Italian, Irish, and Greek Americans which reflected the population of the Grand and Ogden area at the time, that was known as one of Chicago's "Little Italys." There were many such clubs in Chicago during the post WWII era, and had their own clubhouses and baseball teams. The Gaylord's clubhouse was on the corner of Ohio and Noble Street. At the height of the Gaylords reign they had more than 6000 members, were one of the most powerful gangs in Chicago, and controlled large areas of the city.
Gang expansion.
During their peak period in the 1970s, the Chicago Gaylords held sets (or sections) on the North Side, West side and the South Side of Chicago. The West side sections included Ohio and Noble, Ohio and Leclaire and Monticelllo and Augusta. Their South Side sections included Back of the Yards and West Englewood (around 55th & Ashland, Sherman Park), Pilsen (18th & Western), and Bridgeport (Throop Street). Their North Side presence included Montclair (Sayre park)CraginManor Bowl,Reinberg School, Chopin Park, Blackhawk Park,St Gens. Humboldt Park (Moffat & Campbell); Logan Square (Palmer & California, Lawndale & Altgeld); Irving Park (Albany & Byron); Kilbourn Park (Roscoe & Kilbourn); Kelvyn Park (Kilbourn & Wrightwood); Dunham Park (Montrose & Narragansett); Ravenswood (Seeley & Ainslie); and Uptown (Sunnyside & Magnolia, Lawrence & Broadway). During the 1960s through the early 1980s, the Chicago Gaylords experienced tremendous growth and expansion, with sections popping up all over Chicago.
Gang colors.
The sets, or sections, started by Kilbourn Park wore black and light blue. Sections started by Palmer street wore black and gray. South Side sections started by the 18th and Western section like 55th and Ashland and Sherman Park wore black and brown.

</doc>
<doc id="2930542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930542" title="Epithelial–mesenchymal transition">
Epithelial–mesenchymal transition

The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a process by which epithelial cells lose their cell polarity and cell-cell adhesion, and gain migratory and invasive properties to become mesenchymal stem cells; these are multipotent stromal cells that can differentiate into a variety of cell types. EMT is essential for numerous developmental processes including mesoderm formation and neural tube formation. EMT has also been shown to occur in wound healing, in organ fibrosis and in the initiation of metastasis for cancer progression.
Introduction.
The epithelial-mesenchymal transition was first recognized as a feature of embryogenesis. EMT, and its reverse process, MET (Mesenchymal-epithelial transition) are critical for development of many tissues and organs in the developing embryo, and numerous embryonic events such as gastrulation, neural crest formation, heart valve formation, palatogenesis and myogenesis. Epithelial and mesenchymal cells differ in phenotype as well as function. Epithelial cells are closely connected to each other by tight junctions, gap junctions and adherens junctions, have an apico-basal polarity, polarization of the actin cytoskeleton and are bound by a basal lamina at their basal surface. Mesenchymal cells, on the other hand, lack this polarization, have a spindle-shaped morphology and interact with each other only through focal points. Epithelial cells express high levels of E-cadherin, whereas mesenchymal cells express those of N-cadherin, fibronectin and vimentin. Thus, EMT entails profound morphological and phenotypic changes to a cell. Based on the biological context, EMT has been categorized into 3 types - developmental (Type I), fibrosis and wound healing (Type II), and cancer (Type III).
EMT inducers.
Loss of E-cadherin is considered to be a fundamental event in EMT. Many transcription factors (TFs) that can repress E-cadherin directly or indirectly can be considered as EMT-TF (EMT inducing TFs). SNAI1/Snail 1, SNAI2/Snail 2 (also known as Slug), ZEB1, ZEB2, E47 and KLF8 (Kruppel-like factor 8) can bind to E-cadherin promoter and repress its transcription, whereas factors such as Twist, Goosecoid, E2.2 (also known as TCF4), homeobox protein SIX1 and FOXC2 (fork-head box protein C2) repress E-cadherin indirectly. SNAIL and ZEB factors bind to E-box consensus sequences on the promoter region, while KLF8 binds to promoter through GT boxes. These EMT-TFs not only directly repress E-cadherin, but also repress transcriptionally other junctional proteins, including claudins and desmosomes, thus facilitating EMT. On the other hand, transcription factors such as grainyhead-like protein 2 homologue (GRHL2), and ETS-related transcription factors ELF3 and ELF5 are downregulated during EMT - rather they actively drive MET when overexpressed in mesenchymal cells. Since EMT in cancer progression recaptures EMT in developmental programs, many of the EMT-TFs are involved in promoting metastasis.
Several signaling pathways (TGF-beta, FGF, EGF, HGF, Wnt/beta-catenin and Notch) and hypoxia may induce EMT. In particular, Ras-MAPK has been shown to activate Snail and Slug. Slug triggers the steps of desmosomal disruption, cell spreading, and partial separation at cell–cell borders, which comprise the first and necessary phase of the EMT process. On the other hand, Slug cannot trigger the second phase, which includes the induction of cell motility, repression of the cytokeratin expression, and activation of vimentin expression. Snail and Slug are known to regulate the expression of isoforms of another transcription factor p63 that is required for proper development of epithelial structures. The altered expression of p63 isoforms reduced cell–cell adhesion and increased the migratory properties of cancer cells. The p63 factor is involved in inhibiting EMT and reduction of certain p63 isoforms may be important in the development of epithelial cancers. Some of them are known to regulate the expression of cytokeratins. Recently, activation of the phosphatidylinositol 3' kinase (PI3K)/AKT axis is emerging as a central feature of EMT. Similarly, Hedgehog, nuclear factor-kappaB and Activating Transcription Factor 2 have been implicated to be involved in EMT.
Wnt signaling pathway regulates EMT in gastrulation, cardiac valve formation and cancer. Activation of Wnt pathway in breast cancer cells induces the EMT regulator SNAIL and upregulates the mesenchymal marker, vimentin. Also, active Wnt/beta-catenin pathway correlates with poor prognosis in breast cancer patients in the clinic. Similarly, TGF-beta activates the expression of SNAIL and ZEB to regulate EMT in heart development, palatogenesis and cancer. The breast cancer bone metastasis has activated TGF-beta signaling, which contributes to the formation of these lesions. However, on the other hand, p53, a well-known tumor suppressor, represses EMT by activating the expression of various microRNAs - miR-200 and miR-34 that inhibit the production of protein ZEB and SNAIL, and thus maintain the epithelial phenotype.
EMT in development and wound healing.
After the initial stage of embryogenesis, the implantation of the embryo and the initiation of placenta formation are associated with EMT. The trophoectoderm cells undergo EMT to facilitate the invasion of endometrium and appropriate placenta placement, thus enabling nutrient and gas exchange to the embryo. Later in embryogenesis, during gastrulation, EMT allows the cells to ingress in a specific area of the embryo - the primitive streak in amniotes, and the ventral furrow in Drosophila. The cells in this tissue express E-cadherin and apical-basal polarity. Since gastrulation is a very rapid process, E-cadherin is repressed transcriptionally by Twist and SNAI1 (commonly called "Snail"), and at the protein level by P38 interacting protein. The primitive streak, through invagination, further generates mesoendoderm, which separates to form a mesoderm and an endoderm, again through EMT. Mesenchymal cells from the primitive streak participate also in the formation of many epithelial mesodermal organs, such as notochord as well as somites, through the reverse of EMT, i.e. mesenchymal–epithelial transition.Amphioxus forms an epithelial neural tube and dorsal notochord but does not have the EMT potential of the primitive streak. In higher chordates, the mesenchyme originates out of the primitive streak migrates anteriorly to form the somites and participate with neural crest mesenchyme in formation of the heart mesoderm.
In vertebrates, epithelium and mesenchyme are the basic tissue phenotypes. During embryonic development, migratory neural crest cells are generated by EMT involving the epithelial cells of the neuroectoderm. As a result, these cells dissociate from neural folds, gain motility, and disseminate to various parts of the embryo, where they differentiate to many other cell types. Also, craniofacial crest mesenchyme that forms the connective tissue forming the head and face, is formed by neural tube epithelium by EMT. EMT takes place during the construction of the vertebral column out of the extracellular matrix, which is to be synthesized by fibroblasts and osteoblasts that encircle the neural tube. The major source of these cells are sclerotome and somite mesenchyme as well as primitive streak. Mesenchymal morphology allows the cells to travel to specific targets in the embryo, where they differentiate and/or induce differentiation of other cells.
During wound healing, keratinocytes at the border of the wound undergo EMT and undergo re-epithelialization or MET when the wound is closed. Snail2 expression at the migratory front influences this state, as its overexpression accelerates wound healing. Similarly, in each menstrual cycle, the ovarian surface epithelium undergoes EMT during post-ovulatory wound healing.
EMT in cancer progression and metastasis.
Initiation of metastasis requires invasion, which is enabled by EMT. Carcinoma cells in primary tumor lose cell-cell adhesion mediated by E-cadherin repression and break through the basement membrane with increased invasive properties, and enter the bloodstream through intravasation. Later, when these circulating tumor cells (CTCs) exit the bloodstream to form micrometastases, they undergo MET for clonal outgrowth at these metastatic sites. Thus, EMT and MET form the initiation and completion of the invasion-metastasis cascade.
EMT also confers resistance to oncogene-induced premature senescence. Twist1 and Twist2, as well as ZEB1 protects human cells and mouse embryonic fibroblasts from senescence. Similarly, TGFβ can promote tumor invasion and evasion of immune surveillance at advanced stages. When TGFβ acts on activated Ras-expressing mammary epithelial cells, EMT is favored and apoptosis is inhibited. This effect can be reversed by inducers of epithelial differentiation, such as GATA-3. Also, EMT has been indicated to be involved in acquiring drug resistance. Gain of EMT markers was found to be associated with the resistance of ovarian carcinoma epithelial cell lines to paclitaxel. Similarly, SNAIL also confers resistance to paclitaxel, adriamycin and radiotherapy by inhibiting p53-mediated apoptosis. Furthermore, inflammation, that has been associated with the progression of cancer and fibrosis, was recently shown to be related to cancer through inflammation-induced EMT. Thus, EMT not only enables cells the migratory phenotype, but also acts on multiple immunosuppression, drug resistance, evasion of apoptosis, thus showing an altered response of the host to the tumor.
Recent evidence suggests that cells that undergo EMT gain stem cell-like properties, thus giving rise to Cancer Stem Cells (CSCs). Upon transfection by activated Ras, the subpopulation of CD44high/CD24low immortalized human mammary epithelial cells as well as cancer cells that possess stem-like properties increases with the concomitant induction of EMT. Also, ZEB1 is capable of conferring stem cell-like properties, thus strengthening the relationship between EMT and stemness. This property conferred by EMT is thus doubly dangerous duo for the patient, as it not only enables the carcinoma cells to enter the bloodstream, but also endows them with properties of stemness by virtue of which these cells have increased tumorigenic and proliferative potential.
Generation of endocrine progenitor cells from pancreatic islets through EMT.
Similar to generation of Cancer Stem Cells, EMT was demonstrated to generate endocrine progenitor cells from human pancreatic islets. Initially, the human islet-derived progenitor cells (hIPCs) were proposed to be better precursors since β-cell progeny in these hIPCs inherit epigenetic marks that define an active insulin promoter region. However, later, another set of experiments suggested that labelled β-cells de-differentiate to a mesenchymal-like phenotype "in vitro", but fail to proliferate; thus initiating a debate.
Since these studies in human islets lacked lineage-tracing analysis, these findings from irreversibly tagged beta cells in mice were extrapolated to human islets. Thus, using a dual lentiviral and genetic lineage tracing system to label β-cells, it was convincingly demonstrated that adult human islet β-cells undergo EMT and proliferate "in vitro". Also, these findings were confirmed in human fetal pancreatic insulin-producing cells, and the mesenchymal cells derived from pancreatic islets can undergo the reverse of EMT - MET - to generate islet-like cell aggregates.
Thus, the concept of generating progenitors from insulin-producing cells by EMT or generation of Cancer Stem Cells during EMT in cancer may have potential for replacement therapy in diabetes, and call for drugs targeting inhibiting EMT in cancer.
Partial EMT.
Not all cells undergo a complete EMT, i.e. losing their cell-cell adhesion and gaining solitary migration characteristics. Instead, most cells undergo partial EMT, a state in which they retain some cell-cell adhesion, and gain migratory traits, thus cells in this hybrid epithelial/mesenchymal phenotype are endowed with special properties such as collective cell migration.

</doc>
<doc id="2930557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930557" title="Coldwater River">
Coldwater River

The Coldwater River may refer to:
In Canada:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2930560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930560" title="Camp Claiborne">
Camp Claiborne

Camp Claiborne was a U.S. Army military camp during World War II located in Rapides Parish in central Louisiana. The camp was under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Eighth Service Command, and included 23,000 acres (93 km²). 
The camp was just north of the town of present day Forest Hill, near the intersection of U.S. Highway 165 and Louisiana Highway 112.
History.
It was established June 10, 1930, as Camp Evangeline, named for the Evangeline District of the Kisatchie National Forest, where it was situated. It was later renamed for the Governor of the Territory of Orleans and first governor of the State of Louisiana, William C.C. Claiborne. In 1939, construction crews were sent to expand the camp, and it was activated in 1940.
From 1939 to 1946, over half a million men went through Camp Claiborne. The camp was mainly used for basic training and artillery practice, which included the nearby Winn District-Kisatchie Precision Bombing Range. It was also home to the Engineering Unit Training Command (EUTC). Special service forces training was also conducted there, including railroad battalion training. The 34th Infantry Division (United States) came to Claiborne for its basic training and would be the first American force sent to the European Theater of Operations (ETO).
In 1941, prior to the United States declaring war, the camp was used as part of the Louisiana Maneuvers, a 400,000-man training exercise involving two imaginary countries fighting each other. The two armies faced each other across the Red River, over of land, part of which was in East Texas. Near the end of the war, German prisoners of war (POW) were held at the camp.
Many of the men, like the ones from the 34th Infantry Division who were from Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin, had never been to the South. Not only did they have to get used to basic training, they had to get used to the climate (weather and attitude) of Louisiana.
The camp was deactivated in 1945, and returned to Kisatchie National Forest, as part of the National Forest System, administered by the U.S. Forest Service.
Units Serving.
Many units were created or reactivated at Camp Claiborne to include the 84th Infantry Division, U.S. 5th Tank Group, 784th Tank Battalion, 82nd Airborne Division, 407th Brigade Support Battalion, 332nd Engineer General Service Regiment, 101st Airborne Division, 327th Infantry Regiment, 205th Infantry Brigade renamed to 103rd Reconnaissance Troop, 325th Infantry Regiment, 412th Engineer Command, 761st Tank Battalion, 497th Transportation Company, 33rd Infantry Regiment, 18th Engineer Brigade, 1195th Engineer Base Depot Group Redesignated 1195th Engineer Combat Group HHC, 361st Special Services Engineers Regiment, 393rd Special Services Engineers Regiment, 712th Railway Operating Battalion, 725th Railway Operating Battalion (ROB).
Railroad.
To simulate wartime repairs of railroads, the Claiborne-Polk Military Railroad was built. The railroad was about 50 miles long and had 25 bridges. It crossed the Calcasieu River.
It ran from Camp Claiborne—on the Missouri Pacific south of Alexandria—westward 48 miles to Camp Polk—on the Kansas City Southern south of Leesville. Construction began on 4 September 1941, and the Golden Spike ceremony was held on 11 July 1942. In October 1942, the soldiers who had built the Claiborne-Polk Military Railroad shipped out to Iran, where they helped operate the Trans-Iranian Railroad. The foundation of the locomotive shop and other remnants can still be seen.
The 725th and other ROBs referred to it as the "Crime and Punishment" railroad, and was built by the 711th ROB and Army engineers. The engines used were 40 years old, and the freight cars, some not US made, were two generations old. Some European cars had only 4 wheels, and did not do well on curves. Derailments occurred so often that they pulled a crane to pick up derailed cars and repair the roadbed.
Often, even the crane derailed. Sometimes the rails sunk under the swamp, and cars were lost in the quicksand. More than one engineer reported seeing the rails swaying and vibrating for some time after the train had passed. It was reported that one engine was lost in the quicksand and is still there. In other cases, buildings were erected on top of the lost equipment, using it as a foundation.
Old Buildings.
When the camp was closed in 1948, many buildings were donated or sold in the area and were moved. Some can be found in 
Forest Hill.
The St. Catherine Church, at the junction of US 165 with Robinson Bridge Road,uses one of the military buildings.
The Camp Claiborne chapel was relocated to Clarence in Natchitoches Parish, where it is still used for worship services by the Clarence Baptist Church. The balcony, now a storage area, was used by African American troops who were segregated in worship from white soldiers who used the pews of the lower tier.
Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church in Marksville Avoyelles Parish purchased an old building from Camp Claiborne after World War II for conversion as a rectory.
Some buildings were purchased by Southeast Louisiana State University.
Today.
The U.S. Forest Service (USFS) manages the property where the camp once was. Not much is left: part of a gate and a handful of scattered shells of buildings, some of which have been fenced off and sealed with sheets of metal. Many streets still exist, as well as parking lots and footings of the original buildings. The USFS also maintains Claiborne Trail, a trail system for hiking, walking and biking through the area.
Today the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) is in the process of evaluating the grounds of the former camp to see how feasible it would be to remove possible unexploded ordnance.

</doc>
<doc id="2930564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930564" title="Jim Kjelgaard">
Jim Kjelgaard

James Arthur Kjelgaard (December 6, 1910 – July 12, 1959) was an American author of young adult literature.
Born in New York City, New York, Jim Kjelgaard is the author of more than forty novels, the most famous of which is 1945's "Big Red". It sold 225,000 copies by 1956 and was made into a 1962 Walt Disney film with the same title, "Big Red". His books were primarily about dogs and wild animals, often with animal protagonists and told from the animal's point of view. Kjelgaard also wrote short fiction for several magazines, including "The Saturday Evening Post", 
"Argosy", and "Adventure". 
Jim Kjelgaard committed suicide in Phoenix, Arizona, in 1959, after suffering for several years from chronic pain and depression.

</doc>
<doc id="2930571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930571" title="Arne Wiig">
Arne Wiig

Arne Ivar Wiig (born 24 August 1964) is a Swedish minister, poet, author, playwright, actor, hymnwriter, lecturer and painter.
Wiig was born in Karlskoga, Värmland. He was educated at KadS A9 Kristinehamn (1983–84). He earned his Master of Divinity at Lund University (1988) and began his doctoral studies there. Ordained as minister in the Church of Sweden in Karlstad Cathedral (1989). Bachelor of Arts (1993), Master of Art (1996), Licentiat of Theology (1997), Doctor of Theology (1999). Chairman of the Frans Michael Franzén Society, Sweden. Hemit nr 339 at Johan Henrik Thomanders Studenthem Lund, Sweden.
Wiig is former Cathedral Canon at Härnösands Domkyrkoförsamling and Associate Professor at Mid Sweden University. Currently Managing Director of Wiig Event AB. Wiig is now known as a researcher and interpreter of artsymbolism.
Works: Mene, mene tekel u-farsin (SEÅ 1988, p. 37),"Lyrics" (Gedins 1993, p. 58), "Promise, Protection and Prosperity. Aspects of the "Shield" as a Religious Relational Metaphor in an Ancient Near Eastern Perspective", "En svensk Markuspassion, tankar kring människorna, musiken och motiven" (With Bengt Pohjanen[http://www.sirillus.se/forfattare/bengtp.htm] and Fredrik Sixten, 2004) "Frans Michael Franzén Myten och Människan. 2006." "Den oromantiska kampen för en romantisk domkyrka" HSS Studier och uppsatser 2006. Hymns published at Gehrmans Musikförlag and Wessmans Musikförlag. Poems published at Gedins förlag. Art Exhibitions: Stockholm, Uppsala/ Galleri Gerger 2002 "It is Green!" /Drama on Härnösands Teater "Rubbat bo" 22 nov 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2930572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930572" title="Havlíčkův Brod District">
Havlíčkův Brod District

Havlíčkův Brod District ("Okres Havlíčkův Brod" in Czech) is a district ("okres") within Vysočina Region ("Vysočina") of the Czech Republic. Its capital is city Havlíčkův Brod.
Complete list of municipalities.
Havlíčkův Brod -
Bačkov -
Bartoušov -
Bělá -
Bezděkov -
Bojiště -
Boňkov -
Borek -
Břevnice -
Čachotín -
Čečkovice -
Česká Bělá -
Číhošť -
Dlouhá Ves -
Dolní Krupá -
Dolní Město -
Dolní Sokolovec -
Druhanov -
Golčův Jeníkov -
Habry -
Havlíčkova Borová -
Herálec -
Heřmanice -
Hněvkovice -
Horní Krupá -
Horní Paseka -
Horní Pohleď -
Hradec -
Hurtova Lhota -
Chotěboř -
Chrtníč -
Chřenovice -
Jedlá -
Jeřišno -
Jilem -
Jitkov -
Kámen -
Kamenná Lhota -
Klokočov -
Knyk -
Kochánov -
Kojetín -
Kouty -
Kozlov -
Kožlí -
Kraborovice -
Krásná Hora -
Krátká Ves -
Krucemburk -
Kunemil -
Květinov -
Kyjov -
Kynice -
Lány -
Ledeč nad Sázavou -
Leškovice -
Leština u Světlé -
Libice nad Doubravou -
Lípa -
Lipnice nad Sázavou -
Lučice -
Malčín -
Maleč -
Michalovice -
Modlíkov -
Nejepín -
Nová Ves u Chotěboře -
Nová Ves u Leštiny -
Nová Ves u Světlé -
Okrouhlice -
Okrouhlička -
Olešenka -
Olešná -
Ostrov -
Oudoleň -
Ovesná Lhota -
Pavlov -
Podmoklany -
Podmoky -
Pohled -
Prosíčka -
Přibyslav -
Příseka -
Radostín -
Rozsochatec -
Rušinov -
Rybníček -
Sázavka -
Sedletín -
Skorkov -
Skryje -
Skuhrov -
Slavětín -
Slavíkov -
Slavníč -
Sloupno -
Služátky -
Sobíňov -
Stříbrné Hory -
Světlá nad Sázavou -
Šlapanov -
Štoky -
Tis -
Trpišovice -
Uhelná Příbram -
Úhořilka -
Úsobí -
Vepříkov -
Veselý Žďár -
Věž -
Věžnice -
Vilémov -
Vilémovice -
Víska -
Vlkanov -
Vysoká -
Zvěstovice -
Ždírec -
Ždírec nad Doubravou -
Žižkovo Pole

</doc>
<doc id="2930574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930574" title="Musidora">
Musidora

Jeanne Roques (23 February 1889 – 11 December 1957), better known by her stage name Musidora, was a French actress, film director and writer. She is best known for her acting in silent films, and rose to public attention for roles in the Louis Feuillade serials "Les Vampires" as Irma Vep and in "Judex" as Marie Verdier. Her vamp persona has been compared with that of Theda Bara.
Early life.
Born Jeanne Roques in Paris, France and raised by a feminist mother and socialist father, Musidora began her career in the arts at an early age, writing her first novel at the age of fifteen and acting on the stage with the likes of Colette, one of her lifelong friends. During the very early years of French cinema Musidora began a professional collaboration with the highly successful French film director Louis Feuillade. But her first movie was "Les miseres de l'aiguille", directed by Raphael Clamour in January 1914.
Adopting the moniker of Musidora (Greek for "gift of the muses"), after the heroine in Théophile Gautier's novel "Fortunio", and affecting a unique vamp persona that would be popularized in the United States of America by actress Theda Bara at about the same time, Musidora soon found a foothold in the nascent medium of moving pictures. With her heavily kohled dark eyes, somewhat sinister make-up, pale skin and exotic wardrobes, Musidora quickly became a highly popular and instantly recognizable presence of European cinema.
Stardom.
Beginning in 1915, Musidora began appearing in the hugely successful Feuillade-directed serial "Les Vampires" as Irma Vep (an anagram of "vampire"), a cabaret singer, opposite Édouard Mathé as crusading journalist Philippe Guerande. Contrary to the title, "Les Vampires" was not actually about vampires, but about a criminal gang-cum-secret society inspired by the exploits of the real-life Bonnot Gang. Vep, besides playing a leading role in the Vampires' crimes, also spends two episodes under the hypnotic control of Moreno, a rival criminal who makes her his lover and induces her to assassinate the Grand Vampire.
The somewhat surreal series was an immediate success with French cinema-goers and ran in ten installments until 1916. After the "Les Vampires" serial, Musidora starred as "Diana Monti" in another popular Feuillade serial, "Judex" opposite René Cresté, filmed in 1916 but delayed for release until 1917 because of the outbreak of World War I. Though not intended to be "avant-garde", "Les Vampires" and "Judex" have been lauded by critics as the birth of avant-garde cinema and cited by such renowned filmmakers as Fritz Lang and Luis Buñuel as being extremely influential in their desire to become directors.
Other works.
As well as acting, Musidora became a film producer and director under the tutelage of her mentor, Louis Feuillade. Between the late 1910s and early 1920s, she directed ten films, all of which are lost with the exception of two: 1922's "Soleil et Ombre" and 1924's "La Terre des Taureaux", both of which were filmed in Spain. In Italy, she produced and directed "La Flamme Cachee" based on the work of her friend, Colette. At a time when many women in the film industry were relegated to acting, Musidora achieved a degree of success as a producer and director.
Later life.
After her career as an actress faded, she focused on writing and producing. Her last film was an "homage" to her mentor Feuillade entitled "La Magique Image" in 1950, which she both directed and starred in. Late in her life she would occasionally work in the ticket booth of the Cinematheque Francaise—few patrons realized that the old woman in the foyer might be starring in the film they were watching. Musidora died in Paris, France in 1957 and was laid to rest in the Cimetiere de Montmartre.
Personal life.
Musidora married Dr. Clement Marot on April 20, 1927. The union lasted fifteen years and produced one child, Clement Marot Jr. The couple divorced in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2930578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930578" title="Oliver (paladin)">
Oliver (paladin)

Oliver (in Italian: "Uliviero" or "Oliviero"), sometimes referred to as Olivier de Vienne or de Gennes, is a fictional knight in the Matter of France "chansons de geste", especially the French epic "The Song of Roland". In the tradition, he was Roland's closest friend, advisor, and confidant, one of Charlemagne's twelve peers and brother of Aude, Roland's betrothed; and he dies at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass with Roland. Some critics have linked his name to the olive tree, a biblical symbol of divine wisdom.
Oliver in the "Song of Roland".
Whereas the portrayal of Roland is commonly seen as recklessly courageous, Oliver was said to exhibit poise and wisdom in combat. He tells Roland that "heroism tempered with common sense is a far cry from madness; / Reasonableness is to be preferred to recklessness."(Oxford manuscript, laisse 131). Oliver was fatally impaled from behind by the Saracen Marganice, but before dying, he used his sword, Hauteclere, to split his attacker's head open with one blow. (Oxford manuscript, laisses 145-150).
Oliver in other works.
Aside from the Song of Roland, the most pivotal chanson in which Olivier appears is "Girart de Vienne" (c.1180) by Bertrand de Bar-sur-Aube. Olivier's uncle Girart is fighting against his suzerain Charlemagne; after seven years of constant warfare, the two sides agree to a duel between two champions which will decide the outcome. From Vienne, Olivier is chosen, and from France, Roland. The two duel but cannot overcome each other. Each recognizing the other's prowess and nobility, they swear friendship to each other, and help bring about peace between their uncles.
In "Roland a Saragosse", Olivier appears as Roland's friend and also something of a caretaker, assigned by Charlemagne to watch out for the younger and somewhat impetuous Roland. In the story, Roland is invited by Brammimonde, the queen of the Moors, to visit her at Saragossa. He and Olivier ride to the city without Roland telling Olivier the nature of his errand. As the two look out over the city, Roland asks Olivier to promise him a favor. Olivier, not suspecting any foul play, readily agrees, rather like an older brother to a younger. Then Roland asks Olivier to not accompany him into Saragosse so that Roland can claim all the glory and all the Queen's favor for himself. He leaves an outraged Olivier behind and succeeds in finding the queen and receiving a magnificent cloak from her. However, as he attempts to escape Saragossa Roland is surrounded by Saracens. He calls to Olivier for help, but the latter does not budge from his hill. Only when Roland is unhorsed and seems in grave danger of capture does Olivier, after a bit more hesitation, ride down to the battle. He kills many Saracens and then leads a horse to Roland, then leaves the battle again. Then Olivier and his knights angrily leave Charlemagne's camp and capture the minor Saracen city of Gorreya. Roland rides out after them, intending to apologize to Olivier. When he arrives at Gorreya, Olivier disguises himself as a Saracen and goes outside the city to do battle with Roland. Roland knocks Olivier off his horse, but at a signal from Olivier all of the rest of his knights, also disguised as Saracens, exit the city and surround Roland. Just as before, outside Saragossa, Roland is trapped and outnumbered, and this time, realizing that Olivier is not there to save him, Roland surrenders. Only then does Olivier remove his disguise and the two are reconciled.
Olivier also appears in a series of chansons concerning the Moorish giant Fierabras, presented as Olivier's rival and near-equal. The story goes: the Saracen king Balan and his son Fierabras return to Spain after sacking the church of Saint Peter's in Rome and taking the relics of the passion. Charlemagne invades Spain to recuperate the relics and sends his knight Olivier de Vienne, Roland's companion, to battle Fierabras. Once defeated, the giant decides to convert to Christianity and joins Charlemagne's army, but Olivier and several other knights are captured. Floripas, Fierabras' sister, falls in love with one of Charlemagne's knights, Gui de Bourgogne. After a series of adventures, Charlemagne kills king Balan, divides Spain between Fierabras and Gui de Bourgogne (who marries Floripas), and returns to Saint Denis with the holy relics.
In the "chanson" " Galiens li Restorés", Oliver has, with a princess of Byzantium named Jacqueline, a son named Galien. In the story, Galien leaves Constantinople to search for Olivier, and arrives at Roncevaux in time to speak to his dying father. He then returns to Constantinople, where his evil uncles have murdered their father, the Emperor, Galien's grandfather. He defeats them and becomes emperor of Byzantium, at the same time that the trial of Ganelon is taking place in France.
He also appears in the Italian romantic epics "Morgante" by Luigi Pulci, "Orlando innamorato" by Matteo Maria Boiardo and "Orlando furioso" by Ludovico Ariosto. In Boiardo and Ariosto, Oliver has two sons: Aquilante and Grifone (their mother is given as Gismonda in Ariosto, xv, 73.)
Historical sources.
It is not known if, like Roland, Oliver is based upon a real historical figure.

</doc>
<doc id="2930584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930584" title="Visceral leishmaniasis">
Visceral leishmaniasis

Visceral leishmaniasis (VL), also known as kala-azar, black fever, and Dumdum fever, is the most severe form of leishmaniasis. Leishmaniasis is a disease caused by protozoan parasites of the "Leishmania" genus. This disease is the second-largest parasitic killer in the world (after malaria), responsible for an estimated 500,000 infections each year worldwide. The parasite migrates to the internal organs such as liver, spleen (hence "visceral"), and bone marrow, and, if left untreated, will almost always result in the death of the host. Signs and symptoms include fever, weight loss, fatigue, anemia, and substantial swelling of the liver and spleen. Of particular concern, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), is the emerging problem of HIV/VL co-infection.
Signs and symptoms.
Response to infection by "L. donovani" varies a great deal, not only by the strength but also by the type of the patient's immune reaction. People with a history of infection by strains of leishmania that cause visceral leishmaniasis show a continuum of immune responses from protective to non-protective. Those who acquired protective immunity (skin test positive) without ever having visceral leishmaniasis have a strong type 1 CD4+ response to leishmania antigens. Antigen specific interferon-gamma and proliferation, as well as the ability to kill intracellular leishmania, are hallmarks of protective immunity. Because visceral leishmaniasis patients lack these responses to leishmania and other antigens, they usually die of secondary infections unless treated. In addition, increased interleukin-10 secretion is characteristic of the disease. Addition of interleukin-12, anti-interleukin-10, or anti-interleukin-4 to peripheral blood mononuclear cells from acute patients sometimes increases interferon-gamma secretion and proliferation. Acute patient peripheral blood mononuclear cells include CD8+ T regulatory cells that decrease interferon-gamma secretion and proliferation responses to leishmania and other antigens and increase interleukin-10 secretion when added to autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells harvested after successful treatment. Thus, the CD8+ T regulatory cells reproduce the immune response characteristic of visceral leishmaniasis. CD8+ T regulatory cells are also associated with post kala azar dermal leishmaniasis. Addition of interleukin-12 or interferon-gamma does not prevent CD8+ T regulatory activity. The dominance of type 1 CD4+ T cells in skin test positive adults maybe explained by their secretion of factors that inhibit and kill CD8+ T regulatory cells. Successfully treated patients rarely develop visceral leishmaniasis a second time. Their peripheral blood mononuclear cells show a mixed T1/T2 CD4+ and CD8+ T suppressor response but do have the ability to kill intracellular leishmania.
When people develop visceral leishmaniasis, the most typical symptoms are fever and the enlargement of the spleen, with enlargement of the liver sometimes being seen as well. The blackening of the skin that gave the disease its common name in India does not appear in most strains of the disease, and the other symptoms are very easy to mistake for those of malaria. Misdiagnosis is dangerous, as without proper treatment the mortality rate for kala-azar is close to 100%."L. donovani" itself is not usually the direct cause of death in kala-azar sufferers, however. Pneumonia, tuberculosis, and dysentery are omnipresent in the depressed regions where leishmaniasis thrives, and, as with AIDS, it is these opportunistic infections that are more likely to kill, flaring up in a host whose immune system has been weakened by the "L. donovani" infection. Progress of the disease is extremely variable, taking anywhere from one to twenty weeks, but a typical duration for the Sudanese strain of the disease is narrower, between twelve and sixteen weeks.
Even with recovery, kala-azar does not always leave its hosts unmarked. Some time after successful treatment—generally a few months with African kala-azar, or as much as several years with the Indian strain—a secondary form of the disease may set in, called post kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis, or PKDL. This condition manifests first as small, measle-like skin lesions on the face, which gradually increase in size and spread over the body. Eventually the lesions may coalesce to form disfiguring, swollen structures resembling leprosy, and occasionally causing blindness if they spread to the eyes. (This disease is not the same as cutaneous leishmaniasis, a milder disease caused by another protozoan of the Leishmania genus which also causes skin lesions.)
is "L. donovani" and the species found in Europe, North Africa, and Latin America is "L. infantum", also known as "L. chagasi".
The insect vectors are species of sandfly of the genus "Phlebotomus" in the Old World, and of "Lutzomyia"in the New World. Sandflies are tiny flies, measuring 3–6 mm long by 1.5–3 mm in diameter, and are found in tropical or temperate regions throughout the world. The larvae grow in warm, moist organic matter (such as old trees, house walls, or waste) making them hard to eradicate.
Life cycle.
The life cycle of "Leishmania" is completed in two hosts, humans and sandflies. The adult female sandfly is a bloodsucker, usually feeding at night on sleeping prey. When the fly bites an individual infected with "Leishmania", the pathogen is ingested along with the prey's blood. The protozoan is in the smaller of its two forms, called an amastigote, which is round, non-motile, and only 3–7 micrometers in diameter. Inside the stomach of the sandfly, the amastigotes quickly transform into elongated and motile forms called the promastigotes. Promastigote is spindle-shaped, triple the size of the amastigote, and has a single flagellum that allows mobility. The promastigotes live extracellularly in the alimentary canal, reproducing asexually, then migrate to the proximal end of the gut where they become poised for a regurgitational transmission. As the fly bites, the promastigotes are released from the proboscis and introduced locally at the bite site.
Once inside the human host, promastigotes invade macrophages. Inside the cells they transform back into the smaller amastigote form. The amastigotes replicate in the most hostile part of the macrophage cell, inside the phagolysosome, whose normal defensive response they are able to prevent. After repeated multiplication, they break down their host cell by sheer pressure of mass, but there is some recent speculation that they are able to leave the cell by triggering the exocytosis response of the macrophage. The daughter cells protozoans then migrate to fresh cells or through the bloodstream to find new hosts. In this way the infection is progressive, spreading to the host's mononuclear phagocyte system, particularly the spleen and liver. The free amastigotes in peripheral tissues are then ingested by sandfly to enter another cyle.
Diagnosis.
The gold standard for diagnosis is visualization of the amastigotes in splenic aspirate or bone marrow aspirate. This is a technically challenging procedure that is frequently unavailable in areas of the world where visceral leishmaniasis is endemic.
Serological testing is much more frequently used in areas where leishmaniasis is endemic. A 2014 Cochrane review evaluated different rapid diagnostic tests. One of them (the rK39 immunochromatographic test) gave correct, positive results in 92% of the people with visceral leishmaniasis and it gave correct, negative results in 92% of the people who did not have the disease. A second rapid test (called latex agglutination test) gave correct, positive results in 64% of the people with the disease and it gave correct, negative results in 93% of the people without the disease. Other types of tests have not been studied thoroughly enough to ascertain their efficacy.
The K39 dipstick test is easy to perform, and village health workers can be easily trained to use it. The kit may be stored at ambient temperature and no additional equipment needs to be carried to remote areas. The DAT anti-leishmania antigen test, standard within MSF, is much more cumbersome to use and appears not to have any advantages over the K39 test.
There are a number of problems with serological testing: in highly endemic areas, not everyone who becomes infected will actually develop clinical disease or require treatment. Indeed, up to 32% of the healthy population may test positive, but not require treatment. Conversely, because serological tests look for an immune response and not for the organism itself, the test does not become negative after the patient is cured, it cannot be used as a check for cure, or to check for re-infection or relapse. Likewise, patients with abnormal immune systems (e.g., HIV infection) will have false-negative tests.
Other tests being developed include detects erythrosalicylic acid.
Prevention.
There are no vaccines or preventive drugs for visceral leishmaniasis. The most effective method to prevent infection is to protect from sand fly bites. To decrease the risk of being bitten, these precautionary measures are suggested:
<br>Outdoors:
<br>-Avoid outdoor activities, especially from dusk to dawn, when sand flies generally are the most active.
<br>-When outdoors (or in unprotected quarters): Minimize the amount of exposed (uncovered) skin. To the extent that is tolerable in the climate, wear long-sleeved shirts, long pants, and socks; and tuck your shirt into your pants.
<br>-Apply insect repellent to exposed skin and under the ends of sleeves and pant legs. Follow the instructions on the label of the repellent. The most effective repellents generally are those that contain the chemical DEET (N,N-diethylmetatoluamide).
<br>
<br>Indoors:
<br>-Stay in well-screened or air-conditioned areas.
<br>-Keep in mind that sand flies are much smaller than mosquitoes and therefore can get through smaller holes.
<br>-Spray living/sleeping areas with an insecticide to kill insects.
<br>-If you are not sleeping in a well-screened or air-conditioned area, use a bed net and tuck it under your mattress. If possible, use a bed net that has been soaked in or sprayed with a pyrethroid-containing insecticide. The same treatment can be applied to screens, curtains, sheets, and clothing (clothing should be retreated after five washings)." 
On February 2012, the nonprofit Infectious Disease Research Institute launched a clinical trial of the visceral leishmaniasis vaccine. The vaccine is a recombinant form of two fused Leishmania parasite proteins with an adjuvant. Two phase 1 clinical trials with healthy volunteers are to be conducted. The first one takes place in Washington (state) and is followed by a trial in India.
Treatments.
As with many diseases in developing nations, (including trypanosomiasis and malaria) effective and affordable chemotherapy is sorely lacking and parasites or insect vectors are becoming increasingly resistant to existing anti-parasite drugs. Possibly due to the lack of financial return, new drugs are slow to emerge and much of the basic research into potential drug targets takes place in universities, funded by charitable organizations. This may change as a result of infection of members of the armed forces from the developed nations that currently occupy nations such as Afghanistan and Iraq, where "Leishmania" is commonplace.
The traditional treatment is with pentavalent antimonials such as sodium stibogluconate and meglumine antimoniate. Resistance is now common in India, and rates of resistance have been shown to be as high as 60% in parts of Bihar, India.
The treatment of choice for visceral leishmaniasis acquired in India is now Amphotericin B in its various liposomal preparations.)
Miltefosine is the first oral treatment for this disease. The cure rate of miltefosine in Phase III clinical trials is 95%; Studies in Ethiopia show that is also effective in Africa. In HIV immunosuppressed people which are coinfected with leishmaniasis it has shown that even in resistant cases 2/3 of the people responded to this new treatment.
Miltefosine has received approval by the Indian regulatory authorities in 2002, in Germany in 2004 and in U.S.A. in 2014. It is now registered in many countries.
The drug is generally better tolerated than other drugs. Main side effects are gastrointetinal disturbance in the first or second day of treatment (a course of treatment is 28 days) which does not affect the efficiency. Because it is available as an oral formulation, the expense and inconvenience of hospitalization is avoided, and outpatient distribution of the drug becomes an option, making Miltefosine a drug of choice.
The nonprofit Institute for OneWorld Health has adopted the broad spectrum antibiotic paromomycin for use in treating VL; its antileishmanial properties were first identified in the 1980s. A treatment with paromomycin costs about $15 USD. The drug had originally been identified in the 1960s. The Indian government approved paromomycin for sale and use in August 2006.
Epidemiology.
North Bihar, India (including Araria, Purnea, and Kishanganj) is the endemic zone of this disease.
But, while the disease's geographical range is broad, it is not continuous. The disease clusters around areas of drought, famine, and high population density. In Africa, this has meant a knot of infection centers mostly in Sudan, Kenya, and Somalia. Living conditions here have changed very little in the past century, and the people are not normally very mobile. Parts of the Sudan, in particular the Upper Nile region, are almost totally cut off from the rest of the country, and the people are as tied to the place of their birth as any peasant of Europe’s Dark Ages.
History.
"See also History of leishmaniasis"
Kala-azar first came to the attention of Western doctors in 1824 in Jessore, India (now Bangladesh), where it was initially thought to be a form of malaria. Assam gave kala-azar one of its common names, "Assam fever". Another common name, "kala-azar" (Hindustani: काला आज़ार (Devanagari) کالا آزار (Nastaleeq) ), is derived from "kala" which means black in Sanskrit, as well is the languages descended from it, including Assamese, Hindi and Urdu; the word "azar" means disease in Persian and Hindustani; as such the disease is named for the darkening of the skin on the extremities and abdomen that is a symptom of the Indian form of the disease. The agent of the disease was also first isolated in India by Scottish doctor William Leishman and Irish physician Charles Donovan, working independently of each other. As they published their discovery almost simultaneously, the species was named for both of them—"Leishmania donovani".
Today, the name kala-azar is used interchangeably with the scientific name visceral leishmaniasis for the most acute form of the disease caused by "L. donovani". The disease is endemic in West Bengal, where it was first discovered, but is seen at its most deadly in north and east Africa. It can also be found throughout the Arab world and southern Europe (where the causative organism is "L. infantum"), and a slightly different strain of the pathogen, "L. chagasi", is responsible for leishmaniasis in the new world. Several species of canines serve as reservoir hosts of "L. infantum (chagasi)".
Contemporary life has made itself felt even here, however—not as "progress" but in the form of the many small wars of Africa's post-colonial era. In the Sudan, where civil war has been continuous since 1983, the violence has been concentrated in the more populated south, and kala-azar was concentrated there too. But the wars have driven a steady stream of refugees out of the region, and these traveled either across the southern border or into the remoter western part of the country called the Upper Nile, where both war and the disease that went with it had not yet penetrated.
These refugees, moving at foot-speed, carried the disease with them, and when it arrived it hit the Upper Nile with a force comparable to smallpox hitting the American Indians. The isolated people of the Upper Nile had no access to medicine or education about the new disease among them. Worse, their immune systems were defenseless against this new pathogen, foreign to them though it came only from another part of their own country. One village at the center of the epidemic, Duar, was left with four survivors out of a population of a thousand, and from the late eighties to the mid-nineties a total of 100,000 succumbed to the sickness in that region alone. In the words of Jill Seaman, the doctor who led relief efforts in the Upper Nile for the French organization Médecins Sans Frontières, "Where else in the world could 50% of a population die without anyone knowing?"
The Indian medical practitioner Upendra Nath Brahmachari was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1929 for his discovery of ureastibamine (an antimonial compound for the treatment of kala-azar) and a new disease, post kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis. Brahmachari's cure for visceral leishmaniasis was the urea salt of para-amino-phenyl stibnic acid which he called Urea Stibamine.
Research.
Combination drug therapies are currently under investigation, particularly by the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi). Combination therapies allow for the use of existing drugs in combination, each in lower doses, which helps to decrease the incidence of severe side effects and drug toxicity, as well as the risk for development of resistance against the drugs; they have been shown to be cost-effective strategies strategies.
Comparative homology modelling of the enzyme Hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (HGPRT; EC 2.4.2.8) in "L. donovani" suggest that among all of the computationally screened compounds, pentamidine, 1,3-dinitroadamantane, acyclovir and analogs of acyclovir had higher binding affinities than the real substrate (guanosine monophosphate).
The drug development pipeline is lacking significantly, and no novel drug targets are expected for approval in the next 5 years. In the meantime, new combination therapies, and well as improvements to existing drugs targets, are under development. Single-dosage administrations of liposomal amphotericin B have been shown to be effective, and oral formulations are currently under development to increase access and facilitate distribution of the efficacious drug in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="2930593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930593" title="Bekaert">
Bekaert

"Bekaert" is a world market and technology leader in steel wire transformation and coatings.
N.V. Bekaert S.A. is an industrial company, which is one of the BEL20 (benchmark 20) companies in the index for the Euronext Brussels stock exchange.
Organisation.
Board.
The Board of Directors is the company's supreme decision-making body in all matters other than those in respect of which decision-making powers are reserved to the General Meeting of Shareholders by law or the articles of association. The Board of Directors delegates its management and operational authority to the Bekaert Group Executive. The main task of the Board of Directors, under the leadership of the Chairman, is to determine the company's general policy and supervise its activities.
The Board of Directors has 14 members :

</doc>
<doc id="2930610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930610" title="Tirutakkatevar">
Tirutakkatevar

Tirutakkatevar was a Tamil Jain poet who wrote "Cīvaka Cintāmaṇi", one of The Five Great Epics of Tamil Literature. He, as a local king, also supported Kambar, one of the most famous poets of Tamil literature.

</doc>
<doc id="2930612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930612" title="Roberval balance">
Roberval balance

The Roberval balance is a weighing scale presented to the French Academy of Sciences by the French mathematician Gilles Personne de Roberval in 1669.
In this scale, two identical horizontal beams are attached, one directly above the other, to a vertical column, which is attached to a stable base. On each side, both horizontal beams are attached to a vertical beam. The six attachment points are pivots. Two horizontal plates, suitable for placing objects to be weighed, are fixed to the top of the two vertical beams. An arrow on the lower horizontal beam (and perpendicular to it) and a mark on the vertical column may be added to aid in leveling the scale.
The object to be weighed is placed on one plate, and calibrated masses are added to and subtracted from the other plate until level is reached. The mass of the object is equal to the mass of the calibrated masses - regardless of where on the plates items are placed. Since the vertical beams are always exactly vertical, and the weighing platforms always horizontal, the potential energy lost by a weight as its platform goes down a certain distance will always be the same, so it makes no difference where you put the weight. 
The vertical column supporting a plate with an offset weight must be in axial compression and flexure. Here the axial compression is carried by the bearing at the top beam in most balance scales, the lower beam just being supported horizontally at midpoint by the body of the scales by a simple peg-in-slot arrangement, so it effectively hangs beneith the top beam and stops the platforms from rotating. The flexural force in the column (a.k.a. bending moment) is taken by a pair of equal and opposite forces in the horizontal beams. So if the offset weight is towards the outside of the platform, further from the centre of the scales, the top beam will be in axial tension and the bottom beam will be in axial compression. These tensions and compressions are carried by horizontal reactions from the central supports, the other side of the scales is not affected at all, and nor is the balance of the scales. 
The Roberval balance is arguably less accurate and more difficult to manufacture than a beam balance with suspended plates. The suspended-mass balance, however, has the disadvantages of having strings in the way of the user and needing to be suspended. The Roberval balance, therefore, has, for over three hundred years, been very popular for applications where convenience and moderate accuracy are required, notably in retail trade.
Some notable manufacturers of Roberval balances are W & T Avery Ltd. and George Salter & Co. Ltd. in the United Kingdom and Trayvou in France. Henry Troemner, who designed scales for the United States Department of Treasury, was the first American to use the design.

</doc>
<doc id="2930622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930622" title="Émile Genest">
Émile Genest

Émile Genest (July 27, 1921 – March 19, 2003) was a Canadian actor.
Career.
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, as a young man Émile Genest served with the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II. At war's end, he worked for a time in radio in his hometown before accepting a job with CBC radio in Montreal where he would eventually become a sportscaster, working in both the French and English languages.
Genest turned to acting and in his early years played a son on the immensely popular French-language radio show, "The Plouffe Family" and on its follow-up television series. In 1961 he had a significant role in the first of several films for Walt Disney Pictures. The first was "Nikki, Wild Dog of the North" followed by 1962's "Big Red" with Walter Pidgeon and the following year he was cast in the lead of "The Incredible Journey" that was remade by Disney in 1993 as "". Moving to Hollywood, Émile Genest went on to play a number of character roles in a variety of films including in the Steve McQueen 1965 production, "The Cincinnati Kid". His son, Claude Genest, was born in 1963 in Hollywood and too worked as an actor before becoming an ecological activist.
In the early 1960s Émile Genest turned to performing on television, appearing in a large number of guest roles in a variety of series such as "", "Route 66", "Gunsmoke", "Combat!", "Perry Mason", "The Virginian", "Ironside" and others. Near the end of the 1970s, Genest returned to work in film in Canada. In 1981, he was cast as the head of the family in a four-hour film update of the ""The Plouffe Family"" for which he was nominated for a Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role.
In 2000, at the age of seventy-nine, Émile Genest appeared in his last film. He died of a heart attack while vacationing in Hallendale, Florida in 2003.
His elder son is Green Party of Canada politician Claude Genest. His second son, Eric Genest, is the Vice President of Group Alta Real Estate, Inc. He is married to Cornelia Huerlimann; they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2930648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930648" title="RAF Spitalgate">
RAF Spitalgate

RAF Spitalgate formerly known as RFC Station Grantham and RAF Station Grantham was a Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force station, located south east of the centre of Grantham, Lincolnshire, England fronting onto the main A52 road.
History.
The station opened in 1915 as Royal Flying Corps Station Grantham, becoming RAF Station Grantham on 1 April 1918 - a name it bore until 1942 when it was renamed as RAF Station Spitalgate. Throughout the First World War the station was a flying training facility and headquarters of No. 21 Group RFC Flying Training Command. The main lodging unit was No. 12 Flying Training School RFC with further elements at the satellite station at RFCS Harlaxton. Flying training continued at RAF Grantham during the inter-war years.
RAF Spitalgate should not be confused with HQ of No. 5 Group that was located in a large private house, St Vincents Hall, Grantham from October 1937 to November 1943 and also known as RAF Grantham during its final years there. Also in November 1943, elements of the HQ IX Troop Carrier Command of the USAAF were relocated to RAF Spitalgate, with their headquarters at St Vincents in the town centre. The station was also the training and point-of departure airfield for the Polish 1st Independent Parachute Brigade during Operation Market Garden.
The station was an Officer Cadet Training Unit (OCTU) in the 1950s. Much later it became the Women's Royal Air Force (WRAF) Depot, responsible for the recruitment and training of all non-commissioned females in the RAF, until this moved to RAF Swinderby. The site is not part of Grantham, but the parish of Londonthorpe & Harrowby Without.
Spitalgate acted as a parent station for a relief landing ground four miles further south at RAF Harlaxton from November 1916 until 1945.
In 1975 the RAF vacated the site and the following year it became a British Army base known as Prince William of Gloucester Barracks. However the site is still used by the Grantham & District Model Aircraft Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2930670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930670" title="Sam Lantinga">
Sam Lantinga

Sam Oscar Lantinga was the lead software engineer at Blizzard Entertainment, where he is known to the community as Slouken. He is best known as the creator of the Simple DirectMedia Layer, a very popular open source multimedia programming library, and also developed the compatibility database for Executor, a proprietary Mac OS emulator.
He previously was the lead programmer and a co-founder of the now-defunct Loki Software, which ported several game titles to Linux. A Linux client of "World of Warcraft" was developed, and negotiations with Linux Game Publishing were under way until Blizzard cancelled the project. It is unknown if Lantinga was involved with this port.
He also founded Galaxy Gameworks in 2008 to help commercially support the Simple DirectMedia Layer. He left Blizzard Entertainment to "relax, spend time with family, and explore some ideas to expand the Galaxy Gameworks business." Soon after he launched a new website for Gameworks including an extensive list of developer testimonials. Lantinga went on to work for 38 Studios, which shut down in May 2012. Lantinga is currently employed at Valve Software.
Games credited.
The following is a list of game products Lantinga either developed on or was involved in porting.

</doc>
<doc id="2930712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930712" title="Akçay, Edremit">
Akçay, Edremit

Akçay (in Turkish: "White Creek") is a municipality in the Edremit district of Balıkesir Province in western Turkey. It is located in the Edremit Bay at the coast of north-eastern Aegean Sea, across the Greek island Mitilini.
Akçay is 10 km west of Edremit on the highway D560 (E-87) to Altınoluk. With its long beach and clear sea, it is a highly popular summer resort for domestic tourists. Its population grows around tenfold in the summer season. The very cool groundwater running into the sea keeps the sea fresh all summer long. 
Akçay has a mild climate in summer months; it is warm and dry, which makes it very attractive for tourists who prefer a low-key vacation without the crowdedness and the humid weather of the southern vacation resorts such as Antalya and Bodrum.
In September 2005, a sea bus link to Mitilini was opened. The trip with the catamaran type fast ferry takes 75 minutes for the passengers of maximum 120. 

</doc>
<doc id="2930721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930721" title="AgfaPhoto">
AgfaPhoto

AgfaPhoto GmbH is a European photographic company, formed in 2004 when Agfa-Gevaert sold their Consumer Imaging division. Agfa (the former parent company, which merged with film manufacturer Gevaert in 1964) had for many years been well known as a producer of consumer-oriented photographic products including films, photographic papers and cameras. However, within a year of the sell-off, AgfaPhoto had filed for bankruptcy. 
The various product brands are now being licenced to various companies by the holding firm AgfaPhoto Holding GmbH. Minilab service and chemicals are e.g. now sold by A&O Imaging Solutions, and AgfaPhoto Vista Brand Film is sold by Lupus Imaging & Media.
Management buyout.
In 2004, Agfa-Gevaert announced that it had reached a definitive agreement to divest the whole of its Consumer Imaging business in a management buyout for a purchase price of €175.5 million. The divestment covered the whole of its Consumer Imaging business, including film, finishing products, and lab equipment, grouped in a new company – AgfaPhoto GmbH, as well as the related lease portfolio, in a management buyout. The targeted closing date of the transaction was November 1, 2004.
The transaction resulted in a non-cash book loss to Agfa-Gevaert of €430 million, but was cash positive to the extent of €260 million. While the trading environment for both HealthCare and Graphic System divisions improved considerably, the group's half year results were heavily affected by the expected book loss on the divestiture of Consumer Imaging.
AgfaPhoto Holding GmbH.
The AgfaPhoto Holding GmbH, headquartered in Leverkusen and Cologne/Germany, is dealing internationally in the consumer imaging sector. Based on a long-term trademark agreement with Agfa-Gevaert NV & Co. KG and Agfa-Gevaert NV, the company is granting sublicenses for the AgfaPhoto-trademark and the Red-Dot-Logo. 
The following consumer imaging products are offered already with the AgfaPhoto trademark:
Digital Cameras & Camcorder, Analog Filmrolls & (Single Use-) Cameras, Flash Memory Cards & USB Drives, Mobile Energy Products, Digital Photo Frames, Minilabs incl. Service & Spare Parts, Optical & Magnetic Storage Media, LCD TV, DVD Players, Pocket Projectors, Binoculars, Cleaning Products, Ink Cartridges, Photo Paper 
The official claim of the brand: "AgfaPhoto is the personal companion that lets consumers experience the world of images in all its exciting facets and turns the special moments in life into lasting and shareable memories."

</doc>
<doc id="2930727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930727" title="Pegasus (ship)">
Pegasus (ship)

Pegasus is the name of several ships and ship-types:

</doc>
<doc id="2930732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930732" title="Thomas de Maizière">
Thomas de Maizière

Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière (; born 21 January 1954) is a German politician (CDU), currently serving as the Federal Minister of the Interior (since 17 December 2013) in the third cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel.
A close confidant of Merkel, he served as chief of staff at the Chancellor's Office and Federal Minister for Special Affairs in the First Merkel cabinet, from 2005 to 2009. Before his appointment to the federal cabinet, he served as a cabinet minister of the state of Saxony, including as chief of staff, minister of finance and minister of justice. In the federal cabinet he served as minister of defence from 2011 to 2013.
Background.
Maiziere was born in Bonn to the later Inspector general of the Bundeswehr, Ulrich de Maizière. He graduated at the Aloisiuskolleg in Bonn and studied law and history at the Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität in Münster and the University of Freiburg, he passed his first state examination in law in 1979 and his second 1982, earning his doctorate of law (Dr. jur.) in 1986.
He belongs to a noble family originally from Maizières-lès-Metz who, as Huguenots, had fled France for asylum in Prussia in the late 17th century. The Maizière family still attended French-language schools and Huguenot churches in Berlin until the beginning of the 20th century. His cousin Lothar de Maizière is also a CDU politician and was the last, and only democratically elected, Premier of the German Democratic Republic, who later served as Federal Minister of Special Affairs in the Kohl government.
Career.
Maizière worked for the governing mayor (prime minister) of Berlin (Richard von Weizsäcker and Eberhard Diepgen), before he was part of the West German delegation to negotiations on German reunification. After 1990 he worked with re-establishing democratic structures in states that were part of the former German Democratic Republic. He became secretary of state at the ministry of culture of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in November 1990. From December 1994 to 1998 he was the chief of staff of the Chancellery of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
He served as the chief of the Saxon Chancellery from 1999 to 2001, with the rank as a cabinet minister. From 2001 to 2002 he served as the minister of finance of Saxony, from 2002 to 2004 minister of justice, and from 2004 to 2005 minister of interior.
On 17 October 2005, he was nominated for membership of the Federal Government as chief of the Chancellor's office and federal minister of special affairs in the First Merkel cabinet. He took office on 22 November 2005 after Merkel's election by the Bundestag. In his capacity as chief of staff of the chancellery, he also functioned as deputy president of the Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik, German Institute for International and Security Affairs.
He took office as Federal Minister of the Interior in the Second Merkel cabinet.
On 2 March 2011, Merkel announced that Maizière would be the successor of federal minister of defence zu Guttenberg, who had resigned from office the previous day. On 3 March, he was appointed to this post. He held the defence ministry portfolio until 17 December 2013. 
On 17 December 2013 Maizière was appointed Federal Minister of the Interior for a second time.
On 23 February 2014 Bild am Sonntag reported Maizière, among others in the government and in business, were under NSA surveillance. The newspaper report quoting an unnamed NSA official said the U.S. Was particularly interested in the interior minister, "because he is a close aide of Merkel, who seeks his advice on many issues and was rumored to be promoting his candidacy for the post of NATO secretary-general."
Personal life.
Maizière is married to Martina de Maizière, with whom he has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="2930734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930734" title="Distributive shock">
Distributive shock

Distributive shock is a medical condition in which abnormal distribution of blood flow in the smallest blood vessels results in inadequate supply of blood to the body's tissues and organs. It is one of four categories of shock, a condition where there is not enough oxygen-carrying blood to meet the metabolic needs of the cells which make up the body's tissues and organs. Distributive shock is different from the other three categories of shock in that it occurs even though the output of the heart is at or above a normal level. The most common cause is sepsis leading to type of distributive shock called septic shock a condition that can be fatal.
Causes.
In addition to sepsis, distributive shock can be caused by systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) due to conditions other than infection such as pancreatitis, burns or trauma. Other causes include, toxic shock syndrome (TSS), anaphylaxis (a sudden, severe allergic reaction), adrenal insufficiency, reactions to drugs or toxins, heavy metal poisoning, hepatic (liver) insufficiency and damage to the central nervous system. Causes of adrenal insufficiency leading to distributive shock include acute worsening of chronic adrenal insufficiency, destruction or removal of the adrenal glands, suppression of adrenal gland function due to exogenous steroids, hypopituitarism and metabolic failure of hormone production.
Pathophysiology.
The cause of inadequate tissue perfusion (blood delivery to tissues) in distributive shock is a lack of normal responsiveness of blood vessels to vasoconstrictive agents and direct vasodilation.
There are four types of distributive shock. The most common, septic shock, is caused by an infection, most frequently by bacteria, but viruses, fungi and parasites have been implicated. Infection sites most likely to lead to septic shock are chest, abdomen and genitourinary tract. In septic shock the blood flow in the microvasculature is abnormal with some capillaries under perfused and others with normal to high blood flow. The endothelial cells lining the blood vessels become less responsive to vasocontrictive agents, lose their glycocalyx (normal coating) and negative ionic charge, become leaky and cause extensive over-expression of nitric oxide. The coagulation cascade is also disrupted. Tissue factor that iniates the clotting cascade is produced by activated monocytes and the endothelial cells lining the blood vessels while antithrombin and fibrinolysis are impaired. Disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) can result from the thrombin produced in the inflammatory response. The ability of red blood cells to change shape decreases and their tendency to clump together increases, inhibiting their flow through the microvasculature.
In anaphylactic shock low blood pressure is related to decreased systemic vascular resisitance (SVR) triggered primarily by a massive release of histamine by mast cells activated by by antigen-bound immunoglobulin E and also by increased production and release of prostaglandins. 
Neurogenic shock is caused by the loss of vascular tone normally supported by the sympathetic nervous system due to injury to the central nervous system especially spinal cord injury.
Distributive shock associated with adrenal crisis results from inadequate steroid hormones.
Forms.
Elbers and Ince have identified five classes of abnormal microcirculatory flow in distributive shock using side stream dark field microscopy.
Treatment.
The main goals of treatment in distributive shock are to reverse the underlying cause and achieve hemodynamic stabilization. Immediate treatement involves fluid resuscitation and the use of vasoactive drugs, both vasopressors and inotropes. Hydrocortisone is used for patients whose hypotension does not respond to fluid resuscitation and vasopressors. Opening and keeping open the microcirculation is a consideration in the treatment of distributive shock, as a result limiting the use of vasopressors has been suggested. Control of inflammation, vascular function and coagulation to correct pathological differences in blood flow and microvascular shunting has been pointed to as a potentially important adjunct goal in the treatment of distributive shock.
Patients with septic shock are treated with antimicrobial drugs to treat the causative infection. Some sources of infection require surgical intervention including necrotizing fasciitis, cholangitis, abscess, intestinal ischemia, or infected medical devices.
Anaphylactic shock is treated with epinephrine.
Prognosis.
Septic shock is associated with significant mortality and is the leading non cardiac cause of death in intensive care units (ICU's).
Research Directions.
The choice of fluids for resuscitation remains an area of research, the Surviving Sepsis Campaign an international consortium of experts, did not find adequate evidence to support the superiority crystalloid fluids versus colloid fluids. Drugs such as, pyridoxalated hemoglobin polyoxyethylene, which scavenge nitric oxide from the blood have been investigated. As well as methylene blue which may inhibit the nitric oxide-cyclic guanosine monophosphate (NO-cGMP) pathway which has been suggested to play a significant role in distributive shock.

</doc>
<doc id="2930740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930740" title="Pennsylvania Route 994">
Pennsylvania Route 994

Pennsylvania Route 994 (PA 994) is a Pennsylvania highway which runs for . It runs from Pennsylvania Route 26 in Entriken, Pennsylvania to U.S. Route 522 in Orbisonia, Pennsylvania.
This highway crosses Raystown Lake via a bridge over the lake. Fireworks are held at the Raystown Lake Resort on Memorial Day Weekend, July 3 & the Sunday night before Labor Day. The fireworks at the resort are watched on the lake but they can be seen from the bridge because the resort is just south of the Route 994 bridge which crosses Raystown Lake.
Route description.
Traveling east from Entriken, the route travels to the southeast before turning to the north and making a U-turn to parallel the shore of Raystown Lake. Route 994 then crosses the lake twice, once on a small bridge crossing a small "finger" of the lake and the second time on a bridge that is combination of a land bridge and a man-made bridge. Following the second crossing, the route returns to a southeasterly path.
For the next , Route 994 parallels the southern border of the Trough Creek State Park, turning to the south in the progress. The route returns east near Quadrant Route 3019 in Cooks before taking an erratic path eastward due to the terrain up to an intersection with Route 655 south of Saltillo. After forming a short concurrency with Route 655, Route 994 continues east to Three Springs.
In the center of Three Springs, Route 994 intersects the southern terminus of Route 747 and the former southern terminus of Route 829. Route 994 takes the south exit at this intersection, curving to the east outside of town and gradually shifts northeast toward Orbisonia.
Southwest of Orbisonia, Route 994 intersects the northern terminus Route 475. From this point, Route 994 runs north–south before jutting back to the east in Orbisonia towards its eastern terminus at US 522.
History.
Signed in 1928. In 1932, the route was paved. In 1936, the route was moved from the PA 915 alignment and SR 4006 to Houstontown to its current location between Entriken to Robertsdale.
In 1964, the eastern terminus moved from PA 913 north of Robertsdale to its current location.

</doc>
<doc id="2930748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930748" title="The Clash discography">
The Clash discography

This article presents the discography of the British punk rock band The Clash.
1977–1978.
The Clash's first official recording was the single for "White Riot", released by CBS Records in March 1977. In April, CBS released their self-titled debut album, "The Clash", in the United Kingdom, but refused to release it in the United States, saying that the sound was not "radio friendly". A US version of the album with a modified track listing—four songs from the original version were replaced with five non-album singles and B-sides—was released by Epic Records in 1979, after the UK original became the best-selling import album of all time in the United States. Terry Chimes left the band for the second time soon after the recording, so only Joe Strummer, Mick Jones and Paul Simonon were featured on the album's cover, and Chimes was credited as "Tory Crimes". The album ranked number 12 in the UK Albums Chart and number 126 on the "Billboard" Pop albums chart.
In the same month, the band also released an EP single, "Capital Radio", which was given away to "NME"s readers. In May, CBS released the single "Remote Control" without asking them first, and, in September, "Complete Control", produced by Lee "Scratch" Perry, was Topper Headon's first recording with the band. It rose to number 28 on the British Singles Chart.
In February 1978, the band came out with the single "Clash City Rockers". June saw the release of "(White Man) In Hammersmith Palais". The Clash second album, "Give 'Em Enough Rope", was released by CBS and produced by Sandy Pearlman in November, receiving largely positive reviews. It hit number 2 in the UK, and number 128 on the "Billboard" chart. The album's first UK single, "Tommy Gun", rose to number 19.
1979–1982.
In February 1979, CBS released the single, "English Civil War", and in May the EP, "The Cost of Living". In August and September 1979, the Clash recorded their third studio album, "London Calling". Produced by Guy Stevens, the double album was a mix of different styles, with greater maturity and production polish. "London Calling", released on December 1979 by CBS and regarded as one of the greatest rock albums ever recorded, reached number 9 on the British chart and number 27 on the US chart. In the UK, "London Calling"'s title track, released few days before the album's release, rose to number 11—the highest position any Clash single reached in the UK before the band's breakup. The album's final track, "Train in Vain", included at the last minute and thus did not appear in the track listing on the cover, was released in the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, Brazil, New Zealand and Australia in June 1980. The single was not released in the UK, and in the U.S. was backed with "London Calling". It turned out to be the band's biggest U.S. hit to date, reaching number 23 on the "Billboard" chart.
In August, the band came out with another single, "Bankrobber", which reached number 12 in the UK. In October, Epic released the compilation album "Black Market Clash", only in the U.S. The compilation reached number 74 in the U.S. In the following November, CBS released the single "The Call Up", which reached number 40 in the UK. In December, CBS released the 3-LP, 36-song "Sandinista!". The album again reflected a broad range of musical styles, including extended dubs and the first forays into rap by a major rock band. Produced by the band members with the participation of Mikey Dread, "Sandinista!" was their most controversial album to date, both politically and musically. The album fared well in America, charting at number 24.
During 1981, the band came out with a single, "Hitsville UK". Released on January 1981, the single reached number 56 in the UK and number 53 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart. In April, CBS released the single for the song "The Magnificent Seven" which peaked at number 34 on the UK Singles Chart in 1981, and at number 21 on the U.S. "Billboard" Club Play Singles in 1982. In the same month, CBS released the 12-inch single "The Magnificent Dance". In November, CBS released the single, "This Is Radio Clash", which further demonstrated their ability to mix diverse influences such as dub and hip hop. It reached number 47 on the UK Singles Chart.
They set to work on their fifth studio album in the fall of 1981. "Combat Rock" was originally planned to be a 2-LP set with the title "Rat Patrol from Fort Bragg", but were unable to mix it to either the group's or to CBS's satisfaction. Glyn Johns, brought in by manager Bernie Rhodes to edit and mix the album, reconceived it as a single LP and had Joe strummer re-record several vocals. In April 1982, the band released the first single from the album, "Know Your Rights", which reached number 43 in the UK. The album contains two "US-radio friendly" singles, "Should I Stay or Should I Go" and "Rock the Casbah". "Should I Stay or Should I Go" reached number 17 in the UK and number 45 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, while "Rock the Casbah" peaked at number 17 in the UK and number 8 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. The album itself was the band's most successful, hitting number 2 in the UK and number 7 in the US.
1983–present.
After "Combat Rock", Topper Headon was asked to leave the band, and in September, Mick Jones was fired. The first single from "Cut the Crap", "This Is England", was released by CBS in September 1985. It reached number 24 in the UK. "Cut the Crap", the last studio album of the band, actually composed by Strummer, Simonon, Pete Howard, Nick Sheppard, and Vince White, was produced by manager Bernard Rhodes and released by CBS in November. It reached number 16 in the UK and number 88 in the US. The Clash effectively disbanded in early 1986.
In 1988, Epic released the double-disc, 28-track compilation "The Story of the Clash, Volume 1" presenting a relatively thorough overview of their career. In March 1991, a reissue of "Should I Stay or Should I Go" gave the band its first and only number 1 UK single. In the same year, CBS and Epic released the triple-disc, 64-song box set "Clash on Broadway" that covers their entire career, and the compilation album "The Singles", that includes all their singles, except for 1985's "This Is England". In 1993, Epic released "Super Black Market Clash", a compilation that contains B-sides and rare tracks not available on their other albums. In 1999, Epic released the compilation album of live material, "".
"", a documentary film about the band, was released by Sony Music Entertainment in 2000, and, in 2003, it won the Grammy Award for the best long form music video. In 2003, Epic and Sony BMG released "The Essential Clash", a career-spanning greatest hits album and DVD, dedicated to Joe Strummer, who died during the production of the album. In 2004, Sony Legacy released "London Calling: 25th Anniversary Edition". It contains "The Vanilla Tapes", missing recordings made by the band in mid-1979 during the "London Calling" sessions, as a bonus disc, and a DVD featuring the making of the album, the music videos for "London Calling", "Train in Vain" and "Clampdown", and video footage of The Clash recording sessions in Wessex Studios. In 2006, Sony BMG released the box set "Singles Box" which includes all the singles that they released in the UK. In 2007, Sony Bmg released "The Singles" that presents a stripped down view of the singles of the band. In 2008, Sony Music Entertainment released "The Clash Live: Revolution Rock", produced and directed by Don Letts, it features live material and interviews from 1978 to 1983, and, in October, the live album "Live at Shea Stadium", which features the recording of the band's second night at Shea Stadium in 1982.
The 12-CD box set "Sound System", featuring the band's entire studio catalogue re-mastered (minus "Cut the Crap") plus three extra CDs, one DVD and various other materials, among with "5 Album Studio Set", featuring the band's first five studio albums re-mastered, and the 2-CD, 33-song best of collection "The Clash Hits Back" were released in September 2013. All the music within the three albums has been remastered, mainly by Mick Jones, from the original tapes. The album gained an enthusiastic reception, and the 12-CD box set and the best of compilation both entered in the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2930762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930762" title="Conch (SSH)">
Conch (SSH)

Conch is an implementation of the secure shell (SSH) protocol written in the Python programming language. SSH is a protocol designed to allow remote access to shells and commands. Conch can be used to implement both the client and server sides of this protocol.
By using a high-level language like Python, Conch avoids a whole class of potential security problems that implementations such as OpenSSH have to deal with. Additionally, Conch uses the Twisted networking framework to offset the need for forking or threading, resulting in a performance boost and reducing memory usage.
Conch was developed by Paul Swartz. It is interoperable with OpenSSH. Conch can be used with Unix/Linux systems and with Microsoft Windows. It is available as part of the Twisted framework.

</doc>
<doc id="2930765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930765" title="Nykøbing">
Nykøbing

Nykøbing means new city. It may refer to several towns:

</doc>
<doc id="2930767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930767" title="Under the Frog">
Under the Frog

Under the Frog is British-born Hungarian writer Tibor Fischer's debut novel, it was published in 1992. The book was a winner of the 1992 Betty Trask Award and was the first debut novel to be shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
The novel is a black comedy set in Hungary in the years immediately following the end of World War II and culminates in the 1956 uprising. Its protagonists are Gyuri, Pataki and several others, basketball players who dream of escaping their dead-end factory jobs, and travel to all their basketball gigs in the nude, even when this involves using public transport. The book especially parodies the trumpeting of the "gains of socialism" by the regime, empty rhetoric which, Fischer suggests, all but the dimmest were able to see through even from the beginning.
The title is taken from a Hungarian expression, "a béka segge alatt" used to describe any situation when things can't seem to get any worse: "under a frog's arse, down a coalmine". More correctly: "under the frog's arse at the bottom of the coal pit" 

</doc>
<doc id="2930779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930779" title="Youth participation">
Youth participation

Youth participation is the active engagement of young people throughout their own communities. It is often used as a shorthand for youth participation in any many forms, including decision-making, sports, schools and any activity where young people are not historically engaged.
Coinage.
Youth participation, also called youth involvement, has been used by government agencies, researchers, educators, and others to define and examine the active engagement of young people in schools, sports, government, community development and economic activity.
In 1975, the National Commission on Resources for Youth in the United States defined youth participation as:
...Youth participation is the involving of youth in responsible, challenging action that meets genuine needs, with opportunities for planning and/or decision-making affecting others in an activity whose impact or consequence is extended to others— i.e., outside or beyond the youth participants themselves. Other desirable features of youth participation are provision for critical reflection on the participatory activity and the opportunity for group effort toward a common goal.
In 1995, the Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA) established a definition of "meaningful" youth participation as:
Meaningful youth participation involves recognizing and nurturing the strengths, interests, and abilities of young people through the provision of real opportunities for youth to become involved in decisions that affect them at individual and systemic levels.
In 2006 the Commonwealth Youth Programme and UNICEF remarked: "As there are many types of developmental processes, cultures and unique individuals in the world, participation is not any one phenomenon. There are various definitions of participation. A basic concept of participation however, is that people are free to involve themselves in social and developmental processes and that self-involvement is active, voluntary and informed."
The platform for youth to get involved has continued to increase in contemporary society, however these opportunities cannot be seen to be amplifying the voice of youth in society.
Models of Youth Participation.
There are various models of youth participation which can be followed when attempting to get young people involved with decision making or acting for change. 
Marc Jans and Kurt De Backer present the Triangle of Youth Participation. This suggests that young people will actively engage with society when presented with three specific dimensions; firstly they must have something to challenge. Following this, they must feel they have the capacity to make a difference and finally must be able to connect with others in order to tackle the issue effectively. 
Hart’s Ladder of Participation is a model that can be used when developing and working on youth participation projects. It aims to enable young people to take an active part in decision making, and give them the opportunity to have a 'voice' in society. 
Hart states there are 8 steps on the 'Ladder of Participation" The first three steps, manipulation, decoration and tokenism, are considered not be engaging young people in active youth participation, but instead provide a pathway to move up onto the other stages of youth participation. The following five steps after this look at how to fully integrate young people into the decision making process and how to get them actively involved. These steps evolve in that the next step the adult organize an event for young people to volunteer in (young people assigned but not informed). Following this the young people's opinions will have some influence on decisions made and they will receive feedback on these opinions (Young people are consulted and informed). Next step involves adults coming up with the initial idea, and young people taking the necessary steps to implement it with their own ideas and organization (Adult-initiated, shared power with young people). The penultimate step look at young people having full power and creative license over their ideas and projects (Young people lead and initiated action). The final step looks at the amalgamation of some of the final few steps, in that the young people initiate the idea and invite adults to join in, thus leading to an equal partnership. (Young people and adult share decision making.) 
Examples.
In these forms, youth participation activities may include:
Youth participation often requires some measure of student voice or youth voice, as well as youth/adult partnerships. Results are often measured by youth development goals, academic outcomes or returns on social capital. They may take the form of civic engagement, youth rights or intergenerational equity.
Decision-making in families.
According to a 2013 study, 90% of parents regularly consult their children when making decisions. Of surveyed parents, only 35% were consulted when they were kids.
Spectra of activities.
Working on behalf of UNICEF, in 1992 sociologist Roger Hart created a model for thinking about youth participation as a continuum of activities. Entitled the "Ladder of Participation," this spectrum identifies eight types of youth participation ranging from tokenism and manipulation to engaging youth as partners. Adam Fletcher of the Freechild Project has identified a range of youth participation in social change through his "Cycle of Engagement". David Driskell, another UN-affiliated researcher, has identified several "steps" towards youth participation, while Daniel Ho-Sang has analyzed models according to a horizontal continuum.

</doc>
<doc id="2930784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930784" title="Aoba-ku, Yokohama">
Aoba-ku, Yokohama

Geography.
Aoba is located in eastern Kanagawa Prefecture, and in the northwest corner of the city of Yokohama. The area is largely flatland, with scattered small hills.
History.
The area around present-day Aoba Ward was formerly part of Tsutsuki District in Musashi Province. During the Edo period, it was a rural region classified as "tenryō" territory controlled directly by the Tokugawa shogunate, but administered through various "hatamoto". After the Meiji Restoration, the area became part of the new Kanagawa Prefecture in 1868. In the cadastral reform of April 1, 1889, the area was divided into the villages of . During the Meiji period, the area was a center for sericulture. On April 1, 1939, the three villages within Tsutsuki District were annexed by the neighboring city of Yokohama, becoming part of Kōhoku-ku. 
In a major administrative reorganization of October 1, 1969, Kōhoku Ward was divided, and the present-day area of Aoba Ward became part of the new Midori-ku. On November 6, 1994, Kōhoku and Midori Wards were recombined, then re-divided into four new Wards (Kōhoku, Midori, Tsuzuki and Aoba). The North Branch of the Midori Ward Office in Ichigao became the new Aoba Ward Office.
The division and re-division of Wards has much to do with the development of northern Yokohama by railroad companies. The opening of the Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line and associated residential communities led to the rapid suburban development in this region. This was followed by the project in the 1980s and early 1990s. The core of the Kōhoku New Town became a significant commercial centre once the subway line extension between Shin-Yokohama and Azamino was completed in 1993. The influx of new population resulted in the entire “Kōhoku New Town” being re-organized into the new Tsuzuki Ward.
Emblem of Aoba Ward.
The emblem of Aoba Ward was officially announced on November 6, 1996 to commemorate the birth of Aoba Ward. The emblem was chosen from a number of designs submitted by residents. The trees and different shapes inside the green oval spell "AOBA." The hill symbolizes the geographic location of Aoba Ward. This emblem signifies the warmth that the nature gives to human beings.[http://www.city.yokohama.jp/me/aoba/english/aobalogo/aobalogo.html]
Economy.
Aoba Ward is largely a regional commercial center and bedroom community for central Yokohama, Kawasaki and Tokyo. The major commercial centres are around the and stations. The far-northern end of Aoba and the valley area retained some residual agriculture into the 1990s, when real-estate developers converted much of the farmlands and orchards into subdivisions and condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="2930785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930785" title="MLH">
MLH

MLH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930798" title="Nauseant">
Nauseant

A nauseant is a substance or an agent that is used to generate the tendency to vomit. Tobacco and egg white are nauseous to children, and produce sickness at the stomach. Nauseants are akin to direct emetics.

</doc>
<doc id="2930804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930804" title="Pelhřimov District">
Pelhřimov District

Pelhřimov District () is a district ("okres") within the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. Its administrative center is the town of Pelhřimov.
Complete list of municipalities.
Pelhřimov -
Arneštovice -
Bácovice -
Bělá -
Bohdalín -
Bořetice -
Bořetín -
Božejov -
Bratřice -
Budíkov -
Buřenice -
Bystrá -
Cetoraz -
Čáslavsko -
Častrov -
Čejov -
Čelistná -
Černov -
Černovice -
Červená Řečice -
Čížkov -
Dehtáře -
Dobrá Voda -
Dobrá Voda u Pacova -
Dubovice -
Důl -
Eš -
Hojanovice -
Hojovice -
Horní Cerekev -
Horní Rápotice -
Horní Ves -
Hořepník -
Hořice -
Humpolec -
Chýstovice -
Chyšná -
Jankov -
Ježov -
Jiřice -
Kaliště -
Kámen -
Kamenice nad Lipou -
Kejžlice -
Koberovice -
Kojčice -
Komorovice -
Košetice -
Krasíkovice -
Křeč -
Křelovice -
Křešín -
Leskovice -
Lesná -
Lhota-Vlasenice -
Libkova Voda -
Lidmaň -
Litohošť -
Lukavec -
Martinice u Onšova -
Mezilesí -
Mezná -
Mladé Bříště -
Mnich -
Moraveč -
Mysletín -
Nová Buková -
Nová Cerekev -
Nový Rychnov -
Obrataň -
Olešná -
Ondřejov -
Onšov -
Pacov -
Pavlov -
Píšť -
Počátky -
Polesí -
Pošná -
Proseč -
Proseč pod Křemešníkem -
Putimov -
Rodinov -
Rovná -
Rynárec -
Řečice -
Salačova Lhota -
Samšín -
Sedlice -
Senožaty -
Staré Bříště -
Stojčín -
Střítež -
Střítež pod Křemešníkem -
Svépravice -
Syrov -
Těchobuz -
Těmice -
Ústrašín -
Útěchovice -
Útěchovice pod Stražištěm -
Útěchovičky -
Včelnička -
Velká Chyška -
Velký Rybník -
Veselá -
Věžná -
Vojslavice -
Vokov -
Vyklantice -
Vyskytná -
Vysoká Lhota -
Vystrkov -
Zachotín -
Zajíčkov -
Zhořec -
Zlátenka -
Želiv -
Žirov -
Žirovnice

</doc>
<doc id="2930806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930806" title="Between the Rivers">
Between the Rivers

Between the Rivers is a fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove. The book centers on a fantasy realm that is analogous to ancient Mesopotamia based on the myths and legends of Sumer and Babylon.
Plot introduction.
In the novel, the cities and regions are each ruled by their own gods. In the city of Gibil, however; the god Engibil has gotten lazy and does not monitor his city. As such the inhabitants have developed technology such as writing and smelting, and have started to lose respect for Engibil and his power. The other gods have gotten angry at Gibil for reasons they keep to themselves, and have started to refuse to trade with Gibil. It becomes the task of the main character, Sharur, a merchant, to travel the land and find out why the gods are angry and try to solve the problem.
Reviews.
The book received mediocre reception. One reviewer called it "an enjoyable way to pass a sunny weekend afternoon." Another states "Between the Rivers covers ground familiar to readers of Turtledove's work, however it does so in a manner which is frequently fresh and inventive."

</doc>
<doc id="2930812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930812" title="Pegasus class">
Pegasus class

Pegasus is the name of several "classes" of vehicles:

</doc>
<doc id="2930823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930823" title="David Patten">
David Patten

David Patten (born August 19, 1974) is a former American football wide receiver. He was signed by the Albany Firebirds as a street free agent in 1996. He played college football at Western Carolina.
Patten was also a member of the Washington Redskins, New Orleans Saints, Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots. He earned three Super Bowl rings with the Patriots.
Early years.
Patten played football at Lower Richland High School in Hopkins, South Carolina, where he caught passes from future Major League Baseball player Pokey Reese.
College career.
After graduating from high school, Patten attended Western Carolina University. As a junior in 1994, he averaged 3.6 catches, good for sixth in the Southern Conference. In 1995, his senior season, Patten recorded 59 catches for 881 yards and was named to the All-Southern Conference team.
Professional career.
Albany Firebirds.
Patten went undrafted in the 1996 NFL Draft but began his professional football career by playing for the Arena Football League's Albany Firebirds in the summer of 1996. He signed late in the AFL's season and played in their final regular season game on August 2, 1996 in a 54-49 win over the Milwaukee Mustangs. Patten caught two passes for 37 yards in the game.
Patten saw action in both Firebirds' playoff contests the same season. In a first round 79-58 win over the Mustangs the following week in Albany, Patten caught four passes for 111 yards and one touchdown. He then played in the Firebirds' quarter-final loss at the Iowa Barnstormers. Patten caught three passes for 42 yards as his Firebirds were eliminated 62-55 by Iowa and their quarterback Kurt Warner.
New York Giants.
After spending the rest of the 1996 season out of football, Patten was signed by the New York Giants on March 24, 1997. He was waived by the Giants on August 24, 1997, and re-signed to their practice squad the next day. Two days later, the Giants signed Patten to their 53-man roster. He played in 16 games for the Giants in 1997, catching 13 passes for 226 yards and returning eight kickoffs for 123 yards. In 1998, Patten played in 12 games for the Giants, returning 43 kickoffs for 928 yards and one touchdown, while also catching 11 passes for 119 yards and a touchdown. In 1999, his final season with the Giants, Patten played in 16 games, leading the team with 33 kickoff returns for 673 yards as well as recording nine receptions for 115 yards.
First stint with Browns.
Following the 1999 season, Patten signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Cleveland Browns. He spent one season with the team, starting 10 of 14 games and recording 38 receptions for 546 yards.
First stint with the Patriots.
In 2001, Patten signed as a free agent with the New England Patriots. He started 14 games at wide receiver for the Patriots in 2001, setting a then-career-high with 51 catches for 749 yards. Against the Indianapolis Colts on October 21, 2001, Patten became the sixth player in NFL history to run, catch, and throw for a touchdown in a 38–17 win; he was named AFC Offensive Player of the Week for his performance. Patten also caught a touchdown pass from Tom Brady in the Patriots' Super Bowl XXXVI win over the St. Louis Rams in February 2002, earning his first Super Bowl ring. In 2002, Patten again started 14 of 16 games, setting a career-high with 61 receptions, 824 yards, and five touchdowns while leading Patriots receivers with 13.5 yards per catch. Patten started five of the team's first six games in 2003 before being placed on injured reserve on November 7. Patten returned to start 11 of 16 games in 2004, recording 44 catches for 800 yards and seven touchdowns and earning his third Super Bowl ring in a win over the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX; however, he did not start a game in the playoffs, being surpassed by younger wide receivers Deion Branch and David Givens on the depth chart.
Washington Redskins.
Following the 2004 season, Patten signed a five-year, $13 million contract with the Washington Redskins. Patten started seven of the first nine games of the season with the Redskins before being placed on injured reserve on November 18. He finished the season with 22 receptions for 217 yards. In 2006, Patten played in the first four games of the season, recording one reception for 25 yards, his only catch of the season. He was inactive for the remainder of the season except Week 17. He was released by the Redskins on March 22, 2007.
New Orleans Saints.
A few weeks after his release from Washington, Patten signed a one-year deal with the New Orleans Saints. He went on to have the second-best season of his career statistically, catching 54 passes for 792 yards and three touchdowns. Patten started three of the first four games for the Saints in 2008, but played in only one game after that due to injuries. He finished the season with 11 catches for 162 yards and one touchdown and was released by the Saints following the season.
Second stint with Browns.
Patten signed with the Cleveland Browns for the second time on March 23, 2009. He was released on September 5, 2009.
Return to New England.
On February 24, 2010, Patten was signed by the Patriots.
Retirement.
On July 31, 2010, Patten announced his retirement. 
Return to Western Carolina University.
David Patten has returned to Western Carolina University to complete his degree in social work and will be coaching the Western Carolina University Catamounts, under second-year head coach, Mark Speir.

</doc>
<doc id="2930827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930827" title="1970 CFL season">
1970 CFL season

The 1970 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 17th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 13th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1970.
3M Tartan Turf was installed at Empire Stadium. The first sod was preserved and sent to Hamilton to be used as part of the future Canadian Football Hall of Fame building. The first CFL All-Star Game was held since 1958. The Montreal Alouettes are sold to former Ottawa Rough Rider owner Sam Berger, who changes their colours to green, white and red, and it's the beginning of a great dynasty in Montreal.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
"Note: All dates in 1970"

</doc>
<doc id="2930834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930834" title="National Commission on Resources for Youth">
National Commission on Resources for Youth

The National Commission on Resources for Youth was an American program established in 1970. The Commission was charged with identifying and promoting youth participation in schools and communities across the United States, and was largely funded by the U.S. Government and the Ford Foundation.
Activities.
In addition to publications and studies on a range of youth participation topics, the Commission held meetings, training events and conferences across the country, with youth engagement in schools and community development seeing a significant increase. The Commission succeeded in seeding national movements in youth voice, youth participation, and community youth development. Aside from defining and fostering these efforts across the nation, the Commission provided expert knowledge and resources to support ongoing activities long after its closure.
The National Commission on Resources for Youth was preceded in federal legislation by the National Youth Administration, a 1930s federally coordinated youth program. Its recent political successor is the Tom Osborne Federal Youth Coordination Act, passed in 2006 to direct federal interaction among youth-serving agencies and grant programs. Several national organizations today trace their roots to the Commission, including the Forum for Youth Investment and Youth On Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2930835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930835" title="ARP Pro Soloist">
ARP Pro Soloist

The ARP Pro Soloist was one of the first commercially successful preset electronic music synthesizers. Introduced by ARP Instruments, Inc. in 1972, it replaced the similar ARP Soloist in the company's lineup of portable performance instruments.
History.
ARP Instruments, having developed the large and powerful ARP 2500 for studio work, released the Soloist as a light, portable, easy-to-use performance instrument that could be placed on top of an electric piano or Hammond organ. In contrast to the flexible modular design of the 2500, the Soloist had no patch panels or cables. A set of toggle switches allowed the performer to quickly choose one of 18 preset monophonic patches that were not modifiable. This lack of programmability was compensated by giving the performer control over the voice expression, adding "growl", "wow", "brilliance", portamento, pitch bend, and/or vibrato to the timbre. A pressure-sensitive keyboard allowed players to use aftertouch to control all of these effects.
While moderately successful in its niche, the Soloist was not regarded as a serious synthesizer by most professional musicians. The limited set of voices, combined with tuning stability problems, kept it from wider use. Nevertheless, it found a place on recordings by such artists as Quincy Jones and Steely Dan. During the recording of Steely Dan's Countdown to Ecstasy, Donald Fagen was so irritated with having to tune the Soloist so often, he threw it down the recording studio stairwell and jumped up and down on it. Shortly after, another musician joined in with some alcohol and they burned the ARP into a pile of melted plastic. 
In 1972, ARP introduced the Pro Soloist, a revised and enhanced version of the Soloist. Expanding the number of preset patches to 30, and incorporating digital electronics for preset memory and keyboard control, it was much more reliable than the Soloist. A novel "digitized" tone generator eliminated tuning problems suffered by the Soloist. The voice selection tabs were now above the keyboard, instead of below as on the original Soloist.
Although initially marketed to home organists, it found its way into the hands of such famous musicians as Tony Banks of Genesis, Josef Zawinul, Billy Preston, Vangelis, Tangerine Dream, Gary Numan (his number one album Telekon is heavily built on the Pro Soloist), Anthony Phillips (whose 1977 album "The Geese And The Ghost" took its name from Phillips' nicknames for two sounds produced by the Pro Soloist), and John Entwistle. Banks used the Pro Soloist prominently on the Genesis albums "Selling England by the Pound" through to "Seconds Out", although later revealed he never particularly liked the sound, saying "we only used them because it was all we had". It was also used by Funk keyboardist like Junie Morrison on the Ohio Players song "Funky Worm" and by Bernie Worrell in the Parliament Mothership Connection album. Around the same time, the company released its ARP Odyssey synthesizer, a powerful duophonic instrument, as the flagship of its performance line. The Pro Soloist offered a cheaper and easier-to-use alternative which appealed to professionals as well as home users.
By the time the Pro Soloist caught on, many competitors such as Moog Music, Korg, Roland Corporation, and Farfisa had introduced similar keyboards, though, ironically, most of the competitors' clones had the voice selection tabs below the keyboard, like the original Soloist.
The ARP Pro Soloist would eventually be reintroduced as the updated Pro-DGX featuring momentary digitally-latched push button voice selector switches with LED status indicators, rather than toggle switches. It would remain in production until the company's demise in 1981.
Features.
The Soloist and Pro Soloist both featured a 37-key three-octave keyboard with aftertouch (i.e., pressure) sensitivity. The cases are sheet metal with wooden side panels, and a fiberboard or Masonite bottom cover.
The original Soloist was entirely analog. Voice selection, tuning, and expression control suffered from stability problems subject to the tolerances of the electronic components used to build the unit.
The Pro Soloist was significant in using digital read-only memory chips to program all of its internal functional modules. The voice selection switches deliver unique digital codes to set the ROMs' digital outputs, setting the parameters required for each module to produce the sound of the selected voice. The expression controls, including aftertouch, remain under analog control.
There are four slider pots to the left of the keyboard to control volume, touch sensitivity, brilliance (VCF Cutoff), and portamento speed during live performance. A 3-position octave switch allows "normal" or plus or minus one octave transposition of the 3-octave keyboard to extend the range of the instrument to five playable octaves; the total range of instrument across all presets covers 8 octaves. There is also a rotary pot which serves double duty to control both the rate of Vibrato or Tremolo (dependent upon preset) and Repeat, which causes the LFO to retrigger the envelopes of any selected voice upon key depression.
The monophonic Soloist and Pro Soloist each feature a single oscillator, which generates pulse and sawtooth waveforms. The sawtooth wave is not a separate oscillator circuit, but instead is derived from the sum of 5 pulse waves, generating a 64-step "staircase" waveform to emulate a sawtooth pattern.
Pulse waves are generated at a very high frequency, seven or eight octaves higher than the pitch of the note being played. A digital code from the octave selector is combined with the key code and sent to a frequency divider, which outputs the correct sub-octave waveforms from the oscillator. The pulse oscillator provides pulse-width ratios of 1/14, 1/9, 1/64, and 2/11. A dynamic pulse width output adds expression to the attack phase of some voices.
The output of the pulse and sawtooth waves can be directed through a saw/pulse mixer followed by a high-pass filter with four selectable settings. Additionally, the pulse output can be directed through one of three resonator banks. These banks (with 2, 3, and 5 settings respectively) can tailor the filtering of the waveform to suit specific voices (such as cello, violin, flute, or oboe). All of these settings are determined by the factory programmed ROMs; they are not accessible by the user.
Once the audio signal is routed through the mixer and resonators, it passes through a low-pass filter and amplifier each under the control of an attack-release (AR) or ADSR envelope generator, or both. The envelope settings, like all of the voice settings, are selected by the voice ROMs. The 24dB/oct low-pass filter, ARP part no. 4034, was very similar to the Moog ladder filter, and was eventually replaced due to a patent infringement claim by Moog.
The output of the voice circuitry is routed to high- and low-impedance outputs for amplification. Neither instrument featured internal speakers.
A later instrument, the ARP Explorer, was similar to the Pro Soloist, but allowed modification of the voices beyond the presets programmed into the memory. Though much more flexible, the Explorer lacked the aftertouch feature that made the Soloist and Pro Soloist such expressive instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="2930837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930837" title="WVIA">
WVIA

WVIA could refer to two broadcast stations in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania region of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2930841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930841" title="British NVC community SD18">
British NVC community SD18

NVC community SD18 ("Hippophae rhamnoides" dune scrub) is one of the 16 sand-dune communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is the only community characterised in the NVC as "dune scrub".
It is a widely distributed coastal community. There are two subcommunities.
Community composition.
The community has a single constant species, Sea Buckthorn ("Hippophae rhamnoides"), which is also regarded by the authors of "British Plant Communities" as a rare species.
Distribution.
This community is found widely on the British east coast from Kent to Fife, but particularly in Norfolk and Lincolnshire; it is also found in a number of west coast locaities, for example in Devon, Wales and Lancashire.
Subcommunities.
There are two subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2930843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930843" title="Liberal Network for Latin America">
Liberal Network for Latin America

The Liberal Network for Latin America (), abbreviated to RELIAL, is a network of 37 liberal institutions from 17 Latin American countries. Members of RELIAL include political parties as well as think tanks, foundations and research institutes. Most of the members tend to market liberalism.
It was founded in 2003 with the official launch taking place in Costa Rica November, 2004. 
The Hispanic America Liberal Conference ("Conferencia Liberal Hispanoamericana, CLH") is an international network founded in March 2005 in Lima and had its First Meeting in the same city with participation of 11 think tanks, political parties, universities, and political coalitions.
After this meeting, all participants founded this entity and signed a Letter of 11 Rights which represents a new guide of political action for those who believes in classical liberalism in Latin American and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2930852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930852" title="Kaliště">
Kaliště

Kaliště is name of several locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="2930856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930856" title="Santa Bibiana">
Santa Bibiana

Santa Bibiana is a small church in Rome devoted to Saint Bibiana. The church façade was designed and built by Gian Lorenzo Bernini, who also produced a sculpture of the saint holding the palm leaf of martyrs.
History.
According to an ancient, not documented tradition, the church was built in 363 by Roman matron Olimpina (or Olimpia) on the house where, during the supposed persecution of emperor Julian (361-363), Bibiana, her mother Dafrosa and her sister Demetria would have suffered martyrdom, while her father Flavian of Montefiascone would have been exiled and martyred in a place called "ad Aquas Taurinas" (perhaps the present Montefiascone). The church rose in the area of the "Horti Liciniani", not far from the nymphaeum usually known as Temple of Minerva Medica. Near the church there was an ancient cemetery, called "ad ursum pileatum".
On the other hand, according to the Liber Pontificalis the church was erected in 467 under the pontificate of Pope Simplicius. Pope Leo II (682-683) moved there the relics of Martyrs Simplicius, Faustina and Viatrix from the Generosa Catacombs. The same Pope built in the surroundings ("iuxta Sanctam Vivianam") a church consecrated to Saint Paul, no more existing. The church was restored by Pope Honorius III in 1224.
The present facade was designed and built by then 26 year old Gian Lorenzo Bernini in 1624-1626, as commissioned by Pope Urban VIII. The columns lining the nave are from the original 5th-century church.
The church houses a statue of the titular saint, also by Bernini (1626). It shows St. Bibiana holding the palm leaf of martyrs, standing next to the column to which she was to be martyred.
The frescoes on the walls are by Pietro da Cortona (left) and Agostino Ciampelli (right).
The bodies of St Bibiana (Viviana or Vibiana), her mother Dafrosa and her sister Demetria were discovered inside a 3rd-century sarcophagus, and now rest inside an alabaster urn under the major altar. The column just inside the church is said to be the one Bibiana was strapped to.
The church of Santa Bibiana is located in 154 via Giovanni Giolitti in Rome, adjacent to Termini Station and not far from the so-called "Temple of Minerva Medica".

</doc>
<doc id="2930860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930860" title="Peripheral blood mononuclear cell">
Peripheral blood mononuclear cell

A peripheral blood mononucleated cell (PBMC) is any blood cell having a round nucleus (as opposed to a lobed nucleus). For example: a lymphocyte, a monocyte or a macrophage. These blood cells are a critical component in the immune system to fight infection and adapt to intruders. The lymphocyte population consists of T cells (CD4 and CD8 positive ~75%), B cells and NK cells (~25% combined).
These cells can be extracted from whole blood using ficoll, a hydrophilic polysaccharide that separates layers of blood, which will separate the blood into a top layer of plasma, followed by a layer of PBMCs and a bottom fraction of polymorphonuclear cells (such as neutrophils and eosinophils) and erythrocytes. The polymorphonuclear cells can be further isolated by lysing the red blood cells. 
PBMCs are widely used in research and clinical applications.
Research uses.
Many scientists conducting research in the fields of immunology (including auto-immune disorders), infectious disease, hematological malignancies, vaccine development, Transplant Immunology, and high-throughput screening are frequent users of PBMCs. In many cases, PBMCs are derived from blood banks.
PBMCs have been thought to be an important route of vaccination. PBMCs from cancer patients can be extracted and cultured in vivo. Subsequently, PBMCs are challenged with specific tumor antigens such as tumor stem cell antigen. Inflammatory cytokines are usually added to aid in antigen uptake by PBMC.

</doc>
<doc id="2930863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930863" title="Battlestar">
Battlestar

Battlestar and similar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930870" title="Peter Ing">
Peter Ing

Peter A. Ing (born April 28, 1969) is a former National Hockey League goaltender, who played for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1989 to 1991. Ing was born in Toronto of mixed ancestry, his father was Chinese.
A third round draft pick, he also briefly played for the Edmonton Oilers and the Detroit Red Wings. His later career was spent in the International Hockey League and the American Hockey League.
Ing retired from hockey and worked at a casino in Las Vegas, Nevada and later as Director of Slot Marketing at Casino Niagara. He is currently CEO of Fan-Tastic Sports

</doc>
<doc id="2930872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930872" title="LoJack">
LoJack

The LoJack Stolen Vehicle Recovery System is an aftermarket vehicle tracking system that allows vehicles to be tracked by police, with the aim of recovering them in case of theft. The manufacturer claims a 90% recovery rate. The name "LoJack" was coined to be the "antithesis of hijack", wherein "hijack" refers to the theft of a vehicle through force.
LoJack’s core business comprises the tracking and recovery of cars, trucks, construction equipment, commercial vehicles and motorcycles. However, LoJack is expanding into new markets through licensing agreements and investments in areas such as cargo security and people at risk of wandering (probationers, parolees, and Alzheimer's patients). LoJack Corporation claims that over 300,000 vehicles have been recovered worldwide since the product was introduced more than two decades ago.
How it works.
The core of the LoJack Stolen Vehicle Recovery System is a small, silent radio transceiver that is clandestinely installed in a vehicle. The vehicle is not marked as possessing a LoJack transceiver, and the location of the transceiver within the vehicle varies from one car to the next. Once installed, the unit and the vehicle's VIN are registered in a database which interfaces with the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) system used by federal, state and local law enforcement agencies throughout the U.S. In the event of a theft, a customer reports the incident to the police, who make a routine entry into the state police crime computer, including the stolen vehicle's VIN. This theft report is automatically processed by LoJack computers, triggering a remote command to the specific LoJack unit in the stolen vehicle.
The command tells the LoJack unit to start sending out signals to tracking units on board some police cars. Every police car so equipped, that is within a 3–5 mile radius of the signal source, will be alerted. The tracking units will display an alphanumeric serial number and an indication of the approximate direction and distance to the stolen vehicle. Based on the serial number, the police can obtain a physical description of the vehicle, including make (brand), model, color, VIN, and license plate number. Police aircraft can also be equipped with tracking units; airborne units can receive the (line-of-sight) signals from further away than ground-based units.
The company’s systems are operable in 27 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and in 30+ countries.
Upgraded (more expensive) systems can alert the owner of a vehicle in the event the car is moved or started.
LoJack transmits on a radio (RF) carrier frequency of 173.075 MHz. Vehicles with the system installed send a 200 millisecond (ms) chirp every ten seconds on this frequency. When being tracked after reported stolen, the devices send out a 200 ms signal once per second. The radio frequency transmitted by LoJack is near the VHF spectrum band formerly used in North America by analog television channel 7, although there was minimal interference due to the low power of radiation, brief chirp duration, and long interval between chirps.
The Lojack signal is received in equipped police vehicles utilizing a phased array antenna system, hence the four distinctive antennas on the roof. This provides the direction finding capabilities of the LoJack system.

</doc>
<doc id="2930880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930880" title="Rapatronic camera">
Rapatronic camera

The rapatronic camera (a contraction of "rap"id "a"ction elec"tronic") is a high-speed camera capable of recording a still image with an exposure time as brief as 10 nanoseconds.
The camera was developed by Harold Edgerton in the 1940s and was first used to photograph the rapidly changing matter in nuclear explosions within milliseconds of ignition, using exposures of several microseconds. To overcome the speed limitation of a conventional camera's mechanical shutter, the rapatronic camera uses two polarizing filters and a Faraday cell (or in some variants a Kerr cell). The two filters are mounted with their polarization angles at 90° to each other, to block all incoming light. The Faraday cell sits between the filters and changes the polarization plane of light passing through it depending on the level of magnetic field applied, acting as a shutter when it is energized at the right time for a very short amount of time, allowing the film to be properly exposed. 
In magneto-optical shutters, the active material of the Faraday cell (e.g. dense flint glass, which reacts well to strong magnetic field) is located inside an electromagnet coil, formed by few loops of thick wire. The coil is powered through a pulse forming network, by a discharge of a high-voltage capacitor (e.g. 2 microfarads at 1000 volts), switched into the coil by a trigatron or a thyratron.
In electro-optical shutters, the active material is a liquid, typically nitrobenzene, located in a cell between two electrodes. A brief impulse of high voltage is applied to rotate the polarization of the passing light.
For a film-like sequence of high-speed photographs, as used in the photography of nuclear and thermonuclear tests, arrays of up to 12 cameras were deployed, with each camera carefully timed to record a different time frame.
Each camera was capable of recording only one exposure on a single sheet of film. Therefore, in order to create time-lapse sequences, banks of four to ten cameras were set up to take photos in rapid succession. The average exposure time used was three microseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2930881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930881" title="Puncture">
Puncture

Puncture may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930884" title="John K. Waters">
John K. Waters

John Knight Waters (December 20, 1906 – January 9, 1989) was a United States Army four-star general who served as commander, U.S. Army, Pacific from 1964 to 1966. He was also the son-in-law of General George S. Patton. During World War II, he was taken prisoner while fighting in Tunisia in 1943, leading Patton to set up the controversial Task Force Baum to break him out.
Early career.
Waters graduated from The Boys' Latin School in Baltimore in 1925 and then attended Johns Hopkins University in Maryland for two years before deciding he wanted a military career. He relocated to Illinois in order to obtain an appointment to the United States Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1931 with a commission in the cavalry.
World War II.
Waters was captured in Tunisia at Dejebel Lassouda when German forces attacked Sidi bou Zid during World War II.
Waters, who had married General George S. Patton's daughter Beatrice in 1934, was one of many officers interned at Hammelburg. Patton claimed that he did not know that Waters was at OFLAG XIII-B and that he feared the Germans would execute the POWs rather than let them be liberated. According to some sources the Third Army had received intelligence that Waters was indeed at the camp, having recently been moved there from Silesia.
The task force, known as Task Force Baum, reached the camp, which was 50 miles behind the front lines, on March 27 with some losses after running into several German units detraining in a marshalling area. It had been shadowed by a German observation plane while en route, and its intentions were anticipated. 
Waters had been shot by a defending guard as he and a German officer were trying to contact the task force. Badly wounded, he was treated by a Serbian doctor Colonel Radovan Danic, the chief surgeon of the former Yugoslavian Army, who was also interned at the camp. The camp was liberated about a week to ten days later, but the only prisoners there were badly wounded and sick, the rest (including the remnants of Task Force Baum) having been moved farther east.
Later career.
Waters returned to duty in 1946 and became commandant of cadets at West Point. He was promoted to brigadier general in 1952 when he deployed to Korea as Chief of Staff for I Corps. His major command assignments include Commanding General for the 4th Armored Division and Commanding General for V Corps, both in Europe, as well as Commanding General for the Fifth United States Army, then headquartered in Chicago.
Significant other assignments for Waters were as Chief of the American Military Assistance Staff in Yugoslavia from 1955 to 1957, and as Deputy Chief of Staff for Material Developments, Fort Monroe, Virginia. He also commanded the latter unit before taking command of U.S. Army, Pacific in Hawaii. He retired on August 31, 1966.
Major awards for Waters include the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions leading fellow prisoners, the Army Distinguished Service Medal, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and the Korean Service Medal. He died on January 9, 1989.
Family.
He married Beatrice Patton, daughter of General George S. Patton, on June 27, 1934, with whom he had two sons, John and George P. This union lasted until her death on October 24, 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="2930893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930893" title="Beechmont, Louisville">
Beechmont, Louisville

Beechmont is a neighborhood in the south end of Louisville, Kentucky. Its modern boundaries are I-264 to the north, Taylor Boulevard to the west, Southern Parkway and Southland Boulevard to the south, and Third Street, Allmond and Louisville Avenues to the east.
Iroquois Park is located to its southwest. The park, purchased by Louisville Mayor Charles Donald Jacob in 1889 and completed in 1893, was connected to the city by Southern Parkway (originally called Grand Parkway), in a master plan designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. Much like Shawnee Park spurred development in the Shawnee neighborhood, Iroquois Park contributed to making Beechmont a desirable suburb as it was developed in the 1890s. The neighborhood was named for the beech trees in the area, as Beechmont was to be a pleasant escape from the crowded urban area of Louisville.
Due to its relative distance from Louisville, it was originally intended as a summer neighborhood for the wealthy, and was a part of the city of Highland Park - which incorporated in 1890. The dominant architectural style of early houses in the neighborhood is the Craftsmen style. It was linked to Louisville by a streetcar line along 4th street in 1900, and the city was annexed by Louisville in 1922, after a 5-year court battle.
Beechmont escaped flooding during the Great Flood of 1937, and was a temporary disaster shelter. The neighborhood expanded slightly as new developments were built after World War II. These developments were often unpopular with the residents of Beechmont. The neighborhood suffered a decline in the 1960s, following the same pattern as all of the older neighborhoods.
As of 2000, Beechmont had a population of 8,021.

</doc>
<doc id="2930894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930894" title="Jericho (UK TV series)">
Jericho (UK TV series)

Jericho is an ITV British crime drama series which was transmitted in 2005. It was created and written by Stewart Harcourt and starred Robert Lindsay as Detective Inspector Michael Jericho, who is loved by the public but who is embarrassed by his status as a hero. The series was set in London in 1958.
The series was shown in the United States in 2006 and 2007 as part of the PBS "Mystery!" series and by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in 2008.
Inspector Michael Jericho.
Detective Inspector Michael Jericho – who has a Jewish background – is the son of an English policeman who came back from World War I a violent and changed man. When Jericho was in his early teens he witnessed his father being shot and killed in his own front hall by two gunmen. In his father's right hand was his pocket watch, which Jericho now keeps with him constantly. In the series Jericho carries on a private feud with a local crime boss, who Jericho believes, but cannot prove, either brought about his father's death or knew who had him killed; the boss in turn has suborned a thuggish Scotland Yard Inspector named Christie to constantly anger Jericho by planting newspaper scandal sheets under his very nose about his father being a "corrupt policeman" or by implying Jericho has a less than professional relationship with a next door neighbour – a French prostitute. Jericho's mother is still alive – although they only meet on the anniversary of his father's death in the cemetery.
Jericho served in World War II. Besides his off again-on again relationship with his next door neighbour/prostitute it is unknown what previous relationships Jericho has had. For assistants Jericho has a faithful secretary; a tough Sergeant and for comic relief an asthmatic younger DI assistant and a street fence. The last episode, "The Hollow Men", had several in-jokes about the TV industry – a director replaces Jericho with a comic actor, starring as Jericho – in a fictionalized series of Jericho's Scotland Yard cases; at a banquet meeting of police widows and orphans, Christie tries to get Jericho as the master of ceremonies after guest speaker Benny Hill can't come.
Production and reception.
The series was seen as an attempt to exploit ITV's success in period crime drama, best exemplified in "Foyle's War", and to rival the BBC's Sunday night dramas such as "Waking the Dead". The first episode had 5.9 million viewers, but this was down to 4.7 million for the second episode, less than its BBC rival. Critical response was cautious, but the series was not deemed a complete success and a second series was not commissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="2930895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930895" title="Kalaw">
Kalaw

Kalaw (; Shan: ) is a hill town in the Shan State of Burma. It is located in Kalaw Township in Taunggyi District. 
Overview.
The town was popular with the British during colonial rule. Kalaw is the main setting of the novel "The Art of Hearing Heartbeats" by Jan-Philipp Sendker. 
The hill station is located at an elevation of 1320 metres, 50 km from the Inle lake.

</doc>
<doc id="2930899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930899" title="Eric Ennion">
Eric Ennion

Dr Eric Arnold Roberts Ennion (1900–1981) was a British artist, author, illustrator, and radio presenter, specialising in birds and other natural history subjects.
Following education at Epsom College and Caius College, Cambridge and training at St Mary's Hospital, he worked for twenty years as a general practitioner at a large country practice in Burwell on the fen borders of Cambridge, where he had spent his childhood. A career change in 1945 saw him become warden at the Field Studies Council's Flatford Mill Field Centre, and from 1950, founder and director of the Monks' House Bird Observatory at Seahouses, Northumberland, which he wrote about in "The House on the Shore". Ennion was a founder member and Honorary Vice President of the Society of Wildlife Artists.
His son, Hugh, is also an accomplished artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2930907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930907" title="MBK">
MBK

MBK or mbk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930909" title="Oflag XIII-B">
Oflag XIII-B

Oflag XIII-B was a German Army World War II prisoner-of-war camp camp for officers ("Offizierlager"), originally in the Langwasser district of Nuremberg. In 1943 it was moved to a site south of the town of Hammelburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
"Lager Hammelburg" ("Camp Hammelburg") was a large German Army training camp, opened in 1873. Part of this camp had been used as a POW camp for Allied army personnel during World War I. After 1935 it was a training camp and military training area for the newly reconstituted Army. In World War II the Army used parts of Camp Hammelburg for Oflag XIII-B. It consisted of stone buildings. Stalag XIII-C for other ranks and NCOs was located close by.
Camp history.
In May 1941 part of Oflag XIII-A Langwasser, Nuremberg, was separated off, and a new camp, designated Oflag XIII-B, created for Yugoslavian officers, predominantly Serbs captured in the Balkans Campaign. In April 1943 at least 3,000 Serbian officers were moved from Langwasser to Hammelburg. Many were members of the Yugoslavian General Staff, some of whom had been POWs in Germany during the First World War.
On 11 January 1945 American officers captured during the Battle of the Bulge arrived and were placed in a separate compound. By 25 January the total number of Americans was 453 officers, 12 non-commissioned officers and 18 privates. 
On 10 March 1945 American officers, captured in the North Africa Campaign in 1943 or the Battle of Normandy, arrived after an eight-week forced march from Oflag 64 in Szubin, Poland. On 25 March there was a total of 1,291 American officers and 127 enlisted men at the camp.
Conditions for the American POWs were very poor, according to an International Red Cross inspection of 25 March 1945. Around 200 men were crowded into each barrack. The amount of coal for heating during the bitter winter months was strictly rationed, and the average temperature in the barracks was about . There was no hot water for washing, and the number of latrines was inadequate. Food rations were only about 1,070 calories a day, though additional supplies, mostly root vegetables, could be bought from the canteen when available. No Red Cross parcels were delivered, so the Serbs insisted on sharing theirs.
In late March 1945 General George S. Patton ordered the 4th Armored Division to liberate the POWs in Oflag XIII-B, then behind the front lines. Unfortunately German resistance to the "Hammelburg Raid" was stronger than anticipated. Although Task Force Baum arrived at the camp on 27 March 1945 and attempted to liberate the U.S. POWs, the mission was a failure; of the roughly 300 men of the task force, 32 were killed in action and only 35 made it back to Allied territory, with the remainder being taken prisoner. All the 57 tanks, tank destroyers, trucks, and half-tracks were lost.
The American compound was evacuated on 28 March, when 500 POWs were transferred to the camp at Nuremberg by train. The remaining able-bodied men were marched the to Stalag VII-A at Moosburg. Those too sick to move were left behind with the medical staff.
The camp was liberated by Combat Command B of the U.S. 14th Armored Division on 6 April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="2930922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930922" title="Urban Assault">
Urban Assault

Urban Assault is a combined first-person shooter and real-time strategy computer game developed by the German company TerraTools and published by Microsoft. It was released on July 31, 1998.
The player creates and commands groups of tanks and aircraft, and can also take direct control of one vehicle at a time. Over the course of the game one can acquire upgrades and new vehicles.
Gameplay.
The player is in command of a futuristic "host station" with plasma energy technology, allowing the player to create units and buildings, as long as the blueprints and sufficient energy are available. In the single-player campaign, the objective of each mission is to capture each key sector on the map, allowing use of the "beam gate" to transport the host station to the next field of battle. However, destroying enemy host stations imparts a bonus to the player's maximum energy reserves. Combined with the fact that many key sectors are located deep in enemy territory or even right below an enemy faction's host station, the unstated goal of each game is to eliminate all enemy host stations. In multiplayer, beam gates are not present on the map and the only objective is to destroy opponents. 
Resources.
Like most strategy games, the game is centered around resources. The sole resource in "Urban Assault" is energy, which is required to build units and buildings used to conquer other factions. Energy is gained through controlling power stations. Each power station emits energy relative to the number of white boxes attached to it on the map screen; each box represents more power output. Power stations are also limited in power output by the number of adjacent sectors controlled by the player, referred to in-game as "efficiency", forcing the player to increase control of the map in order to create more powerful armies. Powerful units and buildings require significant amounts of energy to build.
Plot.
The plot of "Urban Assault" is set in the future, where ozone depletion, termed The Big Mistake, results in destruction of the ocean's phytoplankton, causing the Earth's food chain to collapse. Scarce food supplies results in a resource war, and plasma formation technology — the ability to form solid constructions using only energy — allows military commanders to create entire armies to subjugate their foes. The technology was leaked to enemy factions, destroying fragile political alliances and launching the planet into a third world war. Citizens are forced into domed communities, which shield them from dangerous levels of UV radiation (to an extent) and filters the toxic air. However, most of the adult population had already consumed contaminated food, and most died within five years - regardless of location, domed or not.
A group of alien invaders, the Mykonians, view humans as being unworthy of such a resource-rich planet, and implant their Parasite Machine into the crust of the planet to draw energy directly from the Earth's core. The Parasite Machine is causing the Earth's core to cool, weakening its magnetic field. This will eventually cause solar radiation levels to rise and obliterate all of the planet's biomass, making it suitable for Mykonian colonization. In the campaign, Mykonian forces are usually present in northern Europe, where the cool temperatures allow for more efficient data transfer.
A second group of alien invaders, the plant-like Sulgogars, have invaded northern Africa, where the warm climate creates a suitable spawning ground. Only seen in mid- to late-game missions in northern Africa, the Sulgogars are the most challenging faction to defeat.
Three human factions exist as well; these include the Ghorkovs, Taerkastens, and the Black Sect.
Factions.
The Resistance.
The Resistance represents the last traces of democracy and freedom to survive global chaos. The Resistance was months away from destruction when a coalition of engineers and hackers wired together the free world's computers to create seven host stations. The host stations, however, had a caveat: no one would entrust the task of defending democracy and freedom to machines, so each host station was piloted by a "Synaptic Donor Unit", abbreviated SDU. These SDUs were regarded as heroes, who, according to the game's help files, "sacrificed their humanity for the continual humanity of others."
In the single-player campaign, the player role is that of the last SDU champion to be deployed into battle, SDU 7. The player can read the diary entries of the fallen SDUs on the briefing for each game. 
Their Resistance's training grounds are located in Britain.
The Resistance has a variety of war machines, notably the rapid-fire Dragonfly helicopter, the sub-nuclear missile launching Rhino, and the effective anti-air tank Fox. It is based around 90's era "modern" designs and weapons consist primary of machine guns, artillery shells, and rockets.
Ghorkovs.
The Ghorkovs are the faction most similar to The Resistance in terms of the vehicles they use. The Ghorkovs begin as the first enemy the player encounters in the game, and Ghorkovs frequently reappear in later missions. According to one of the game's pre-mission briefings, the Ghorkovs were originally allies of the Resistance, but later turned against them when the Resistance attempted to sell the Ghorkovs out to the Mykonians.
The Ghorkov host station icon is a red star, representing communism and totalitarianism.
In the single-player campaign, the Ghorkovs are the easiest faction to defeat, and are usually saved for last in multi-faction missions.
Notable vehicles in the Ghorkovian arsenal include the Tekh-Trak, a ground assault vehicle; the Speedy, an anti-air tank; and the Gigant, a saucer-style aircraft that specializes in destroying host stations. Their Ghargoil series of aircraft are also a staple of Ghorkov commanders.
Taerkastens.
The Taerkasts represent a fundamentalist, neo-Luddite society, abhorrent of technology. Hypocritically, they embrace plasma formation technology, regarding it as a necessary evil. The Taerkastens blame technological factions like The Resistance and Ghorkovs for destroying the Earth's ozone layer.
They have a cult like formation and are situated in much of Southern Europe and Africa. They are infamous for getting into conflict with the Ghorkovs and have higher hatred for the Ghorkov's due to their radiation-based weaponry.
Taerkast units are typically heavily armored and have strong attacks, but are much slower and vulnerable to hit and run tactics. Much of their technology is based around the First/Second World War. The backbone of any Taerkast assault usually involves massed Leonid tank units, with Hetzel fighter plane support.
Mykonians.
The invader Mykonians disdain humanity for wasting a precious birthright like the Earth. They see Earth as nothing more than a battery and use the Parasite Machine to drain the power from the earths core. Destruction of the Parasite Machine is the focus of the single-player campaign, and, in the final mission, the player must destroy it before a long in-game timer runs out.
Mykonian units are geometric shapes, with evocative names like "Air Prism" and "Ground Cube." The Mykonians are typically located in biovein-infested environments, where their vehicles blend in with the surroundings better. Mykonian units have weak shielding, but have some of the strongest attacks in the game.
Sulgogars.
The off-world Sulgogars view humanity as fertilizer for their spawning grounds. Rarely encountered, the Sulgogars are one of two most formidable factions that players often seek to eliminate first, due to their exceptionally strong attacks and units. All Sulgogar units are airborne, and are supposedly sentient.
Sulgogar host stations are unique in that they are unable to terraform buildings, and must rely on conquest to power their broods. One cannot play as the Sulgogars in Multiplayer, but the well known "jump gun" cheat allows one to play as the Sulgogars in the single player campaigns. Moreover a fair amount of "mods" (essentially hacks) have been released to allow their play.
The Black Sect.
The Black Sect is a splinter faction composed of criminals, terrorists, and thieves who have decided to enter the war for personal profit and gain. Having no original units of their own, the Black Sect relies on stealing technology from other factions, including the Resistance Anvil-class host station (the one that SDU7 was meant to use) and the Taerkast Bronstejin flying ion cannon. Black Sect units have a special stealth projection, rendering them invisible to enemy radar. They are usually one of the player's top priorities, the other being the Sulgogars and Mykonians. One cannot play as the Black Sect in Multiplayer.
The Black Sect also have the ability to create some Mykonian units, which hints that even the Mykonians have a history with the Sect. This is backed up with the constant communication with the terran forces and Mykonians.
Reception.
The game received mixed reviews from critics and suffered from poor sales. Common criticisms included poor interface, poor controls, lack of variety, and steep difficulty and learning curves. Praise included innovative gameplay, excellent joystick support and the introductory video with music by Mark Snow. 
In spite of its mediocre reception from consumers and press alike, as of 2012 the game retains an active fan community that releases game modifications and other content.
Metropolis Dawn.
An expansion pack for the game was originally planned under the title "Metropolis Dawn", however it was never officially released due to poor sales of the base game. The expansion allowed the player to play as the Taerkasten or Ghorkov factions, as well as adding new vehicles and maps. Although never released for sale, a near-complete copy was uploaded to the internet before TerraTools became RadonLabs, and is completely freeware.

</doc>
<doc id="2930924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930924" title="Buronga">
Buronga

Buronga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2930925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930925" title="Karelian hot pot">
Karelian hot pot

The Karelian hot pot (British)or Karelian stew (US)[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A0DE3D71531F930A3575BC0A960948260&sec=travel&spon=&pagewanted=all ("karjalanpaisti" in Finnish) is a traditional meat stew originating from the region of Karelia (now split between Finland and Russia). It is commonly prepared using a combination of pork and beef, but lamb can also be used. Along with the Karelian pasties ("karjalanpiirakat"), it is the most widely recognised Karelian food in Finland. In 2007, it was selected as the national dish of Finland by the readers of the Finnish tabloid Iltalehti.
The hot pot is usually seasoned with black peppercorns and salt. Other seasonings such as allspice and bay leaf may be used too. Common vegetables such as carrot, onion, and root vegetables are acceptable additions to the stew.
Like most other Karelian foods, the Karelian hot pot is traditionally braised (cooked in a pot ("uuniruukku" or "potti" in Finnish) placed inside an oven). In Karelia, it is usually referred to as just 'oven stew' ("uunipaisti"). The term Karelian hot pot can be used to refer to nearly any food that contains meat and that is prepared in this traditional Karelian fashion.
Due to the scarceness of meat in the past, the hot pot was traditionally only prepared for festive occasions. As meat became more readily available during the 20th century, the dish became a common, everyday food throughout Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="2930938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930938" title="Discovery (Shanice album)">
Discovery (Shanice album)

Discovery is the debut studio album by American R&B/pop singer Shanice Wilson, released October 21, 1987 by A&M Records. Shanice at the time was fourteen years old with a very mature singing voice. Singer Teena Marie originally produced the majority of the album, but A&M Records felt the songs were too mature for her age. Bryan Loren was then chosen by A&M Records to produce new tracks that were used for the album. The singles "(Baby Tell Me) Can You Dance," and "No 1/2 Steppin'" were top 10 R&B hits. "The Way You Love Me," and "I'll Bet She's Got A Boyfriend" were the final singles from the album.
Smooth jazz singer Will Downing covered the song "Just a Game" on his 1995 album "Moods".

</doc>
<doc id="2930944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930944" title="The Pickup">
The Pickup

The Pickup is a 2001 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer. It tells the story of a couple: Julie Summers, a white woman from a financially secure family, and Abdu, an illegal Arab immigrant in South Africa. After Abdu's visa is refused, the couple returns to his unnamed homeland, where she is the alien. Her experiences and growth as an alien in another culture form the heart of the work. "The Pickup" considers the issues of displacement, alienation, and immigration, class and economic power, religious faith, and the ability of people to see and love across these divides.
This novel won the 2002 Commonwealth Writers’ Prize for the Best Book from Africa.
Plot.
The events in part one of the novel all take place in South Africa. In a busy South African street, Julie Summers' car breaks down. She goes asking for the nearest garage, where she meets Abdu. He accompanieS her to where she left the car. The events in part two of the novel all take place in Abdu's homeland. In the airport of an unnamed Arab country Julie and Abdu pass through the usual paper work.
Further reading.
Bowles,Paul.(1949)."The Sheltering Sky".London.Lehmann.ISBN None

</doc>
<doc id="2930946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930946" title="Helen Broderick">
Helen Broderick

Helen Broderick (August 11, 1891 – September 25, 1959) was an American film and stage actress known for her comic roles, especially as a wisecracking sidekick.
Career.
She began on Broadway as a chorus girl in the "Follies of 1907", the first of Florenz Ziegfeld's annual revues. By the late 1920s, she was playing leads and featured roles, most notably in "Fifty Million Frenchmen". In the early 1930s, she starred in the revues "The Band Wagon" and "As Thousands Cheer". Her film roles included her stage success made into a film: "Fifty Million Frenchmen", the Astaire-Rogers movies "Top Hat" and "Swing Time". She did leading roles in a few B movies, such as Murder on a Bridle Path. 
The wife of actor Lester Crawford, she was the mother of Academy Award-winning actor Broderick Crawford.

</doc>
<doc id="2930949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930949" title="John Crawley">
John Crawley

John Paul Crawley (born 21 September 1971) is a retired English professional cricketer, who played international cricket for England and county cricket for Hampshire and Lancashire. Crawley, one of three brothers who all played first-class cricket, was a right-handed batsman and occasional wicket-keeper. 
Nicknamed "Creepy", he promised much in his early career; he was a leading run-scorer at Under-19 international level and Young Cricketer of the Year in 1994. An elegant leg-side hitter and player of spin bowling, a lack of off-side shots hampered his international career, as did injury. Though he enjoyed a rejuvenation in 2002 when he joined Hampshire, following legal battles with Lancashire, and celebrated his recall to the England team with a Test century at Lord's, Crawley only played in 37 Test matches in total.
Crawley nevertheless remained prolific a domestic level, maintaining a batting average of 46.49 into his late-thirties. Upon announcing his retirement in 2009 he was hailed as "one of the most prolific batsmen in county cricket for nearly two decades" and is regarded alongside his near contemporaries Graeme Hick and Mark Ramprakash as a hugely talented player, though one who failed to realise his full potential at international level.
Early career.
Crawley played cricket whilst at Manchester Grammar School where he broke a number of batting records previously held by Mike Atherton. After finishing school, he continued his education at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Crawley played as a paid amateur for Farnworth CC in the Bolton League before moving on to bigger things with Lancashire CCC. He made his first-class debut for Lancashire in the 1990 season. During his time as a university student, he played first-class cricket for both Lancashire and Cambridge University. After graduation he turned professional and stayed on at Lancashire, becoming team captain in 1999–2001.
Crawley began to produce a number of impressive innings. In 1993, he scored 109 for Lancashire as they defeated a strong Australian cricket team in a tour match. The tourists' team had included Shane Warne and Merv Hughes, and Crawley's performance moved the Australian coach Bob Simpson to label him the best batsman they had played against that summer. This was during the 1993 Ashes series in which Australia comfortably defeated England. In 1994, he was named Young Cricketer of the Year by the Cricket Writers' Association.
International career.
Crawley was selected for the England A team to tour South Africa that winter. In one tour match, he scored 286 against Eastern Province. He followed this up with 281 not out against Somerset the following season.
Having impressed the selectors, he was chosen to play for England during the 1994 Test series against South Africa. However, he struggled against the South African pace bowling attack who exposed a weakness on his off side.
Despite his poor start to international cricket, Crawley was selected in the touring squad for the 1994-95 Ashes series in Australia. He produced his first substantial innings for England scoring two 70s in the 3rd and 4th Tests of the series, but got a pair in the 5th. During the tour, he was criticised for being overweight – an issue he resolved for the following season.
Crawley was in-and-out of the England team over the next few years. In 1996 he scored 106 against Pakistan, his first Test century, and in 1998 he scored 156 not out against Sri Lanka, his highest Test score. However, a poor performance during the 1998-99 Ashes series led to him being dropped from the side, apparently for good.
Move to Hampshire.
In 2002, Crawley moved from Lancashire to Hampshire, scoring 272 on his debut, and with an average of over 100 after the first three games he was recalled for Sri Lanka's tour in England. Over the next year he was used as first reserve, and in January 2003 played his last Test match – England's fifth Test victory over Australia at Sydney.
In the absence of the suspended Shane Warne, Crawley captained Hampshire during the 2003 season. He continued to score heavily in county cricket for Hampshire. His highest first-class score is 311 not out, scored in September 2005 against Nottinghamshire, beating his previous best of 301 not out which he reached in 2004 also against Nottinghamshire. Crawley was awarded a benefit year for the 2008 County Championship.
Crawley announced on 8 August 2009 that at the end of the 2009 County Championship he would be retiring from all forms of first-class cricket, stating he did not want to stand in the way of emerging talent at Hampshire.
Teaching career.
He became a full time member of staff at Marlborough College, the major public school in Wiltshire. In February 2012 he became Head of Cricket at Magdalen College School in Oxford. In 2013 he moved to Oakham School to teach History and become Director of Cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="2930967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930967" title="Wattay International Airport">
Wattay International Airport

Wattay International Airport is one of the few international airports in Laos. It is located 3 km (2 mi) outside of the city centre of its capital, Vientiane. The airport consists of an old and small domestic terminal and a new international terminal. There is a military (air force) installation at one end of the airport.
The airport is in Sikhodtabong District in Vientiane.
The head office of the Department of Civil Aviation is on the airport property. The head office of Lao Air is on the airport property.
Facilities.
The airport has a bonded warehouse building for air cargo passing through the airport. The facility is operated by Lao-Japan Airport Terminal Building Service Co. Ltd.
Ground transportation.
Access to airport by taxi, car and tuk-tuk. A taxi rank is located outside the main arrival hall.

</doc>
<doc id="2930984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2930984" title="Coat of arms of Iceland">
Coat of arms of Iceland

The coat of arms of Iceland displays a silver-edged, red cross on blue shield (blazoned: "Azure, on a cross argent a cross gules."). This alludes to the design of the Icelandic flag. The supporters are the four protectors of Iceland (landvættir) standing on a pahoehoe lava block. The bull ("Griðungur") is the protector of southwestern Iceland, the eagle or griffin ("Gammur") protects northwestern Iceland, the dragon ("Dreki") protects the northeastern part, and the rock-giant ("Bergrisi") is the protector of southeastern Iceland. Great respect was given to these creatures of Iceland, so much that there was a law during the time of the Vikings that no ship should bear grimacing symbols (most often dragonheads on the bow of the ship) when approaching Iceland. This was so the protectors would not be provoked unnecessarily.
The "landvættir" (“land wights”) also decorate the obverse (front) of the Icelandic króna coins, but animals of the ocean (fish, crabs, and dolphins) appear on the reverse (back).
The Icelandic presidency uses a swallowtailed Icelandic flag with the coat of arms. The National Commissioner of the Icelandic Police uses a white flag with the coat of arms, when the use of the State flag is not warranted, and some other state services do as well.
History.
Iceland has historically had various distinct coats of arms:

</doc>
<doc id="2931000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931000" title="Art Workers Guild">
Art Workers Guild

The Art Workers' Guild is an organisation established in 1884 by a group of British architects associated with the ideas of William Morris and the Arts and Crafts movement. The guild promoted the 'unity of all the arts', denying the distinction between fine and applied art. It opposed the professionalisation of architecture – which was promoted by the Royal Institute of British Architects at this time – in the belief that this would inhibit design. 
The founders of the Guild were five young architects from Norman Shaw's office: W.R. Lethaby, Edward Prior, Ernest Newton, Mervyn Macartney and Gerald C. Horsley. Its first master was the sculptor, George Blackall Simonds; its second master was John Dando Sedding. Among its members was Henry Bird.
The Art Workers Guild gave rise to the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society.
The Guild was originally a male only organization, leading May Morris to start the Women’s Guild of Arts in 1907 as an alternative for women. It was not until the 1960s that women were admitted, starting with the wood engraver Joan Hassall who became the first female Master in 1972.
The Guild is today a society of artists, craftsmen and designers with a common interest in the interaction, development and distribution of creative skills. They represent a variety of views on design and stand for authenticity (irrespective of political and stylistic ideology) in a world increasingly uncertain about what is real. Founded originally by the leading lights of the Arts and Crafts movement in the 1890s, many of its current members uphold long-established traditions of workmanship and a desire to contribute to the community. The Guild believes that art, craft and design should be invigorating and positive in outlook, at a time when much art remains alienating and self-indulgent. These principles are manifest in the individual work of the members and are spread through teaching, research, publication and exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2931001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931001" title="Automotive industry in Italy">
Automotive industry in Italy

The automotive industry in Italy is a quite large employer in the country, it covered over 2,131 firms and employed almost 250,000 people in 2006. Italy's automotive industry is best known of its automobile designs and small city cars, sports and supercars. The automotive industry makes a significant contribution of 8.5% to Italian GDP.
Italy is the one the significant automobile producers in Europe and the World.
Today the Italian automotive industry is almost totally dominated by Fiat Group, in 2001 over 90% of vehicles were produced by it. As well as its own, predominantly mass market model range, Fiat also owns the upmarket Alfa Romeo and Lancia brands as well as the exotic Ferrari and Maserati. 
Italian cars won in the European Car of the Year annual award one of the most times among other countries (including Fiat most that any other manufacturer) and in World Car of the Year award also.
History.
The Italian automotive industry started in the late 1889s, with the Stefanini-Martina regarded as the first manufacturer although Enrico Bernardi had built a petrol fueled tri-cycle in 1884.
In 1888 Giovanni Battista Ceirano started building "Welleyes" bicycles, so named because English names had more sales appeal, and in October 1898 he co-founded Ceirano GB & C with his brothers Matteo, Giovanni and Ernesto to build the "Welleyes" motor car. As they encountered challenges of scale and finance they contacted a consortium of local nobility and business-men lead by Giovanni Agnelli and in July 1899 Fiat SpA purchased the plant, design and patents - so producing the first F.I.A.T. - the Fiat 4 HP. The Welleyes / F.I.A.T 4 HP had a 679 cc engine and was capable of . 
Isotta Fraschini was founded in 1900, at first assembling Renault model automobiles.
The automobile industry grew quickly and manufacturers included Aquila Italiana, Fratelli Ceirano, Società Anonima Italiana Darracq - Darracq, Diatto, Itala, Junior, Lancia, Società Ceirano Automobili Torino, S.T.A.R. Rapid, SPA, and Zust.
During the first and the second World Wars and the economic crisis of the 70's, many of these brands disappeared or were bought by FIAT or foreign manufacturers. 
Over the years Italian automobile industry has also been involved in numerous enterprises outside Italy, many of which have involved the production of Fiat based models, including Lada in Russia, Zastava and Yugo in the former Yugoslavia, FSO (Polski Fiat) in Poland and SEAT (now part of Volkswagen) in Spain. 
In the 1960s and 1970s Italy restored own large auto industry that was 3rd-4th in Europe and 5th-6th in the World. In 1980s Italy overtook the United Kingdom but has conceded to Soviet Union that, like Spain, Poland and Yugoslavia, found large-volume production of cars by Italian FIAT help. 
The 1970s and 1980s were a time of great change for the car industry in Europe. Rear-wheel drive, particularly on family cars, gradually gave way to front-wheel drive. The hatchback bodystyle, first seen on the Renault 16 from France in 1965, became the most popular bodystyle on smaller cars by the mid 1980s. Fiat moved into the hatchback market at the small car end in 1971 with the 127 hatchback, followed by the Ritmo family car in 1978. By the end of the decade, the more upmarket Alfa Romeo and Lancia marques had also added hatchbacks to their ranges. The Italian motor industry's flair for innovative design continued in the 1980s, with its Uno supermini (1983) and Tipo family hatchback (1988) both being voted European Car of the Year mostly in recognition of their up-to-date and practical designs. The Uno was one of the most popular cars in Europe throughout its production life, although the Tipo was not so popular outside Italy.
In 1990s Italian auto industry became again 3rd in Europe and 5th in World with annual output near 2 million (with 2,220,774 maximum in 1989). But in the 21st century it has fallen seriously to near 800 thousand per year and 8th place in Europe and 21st place in the World.
But Italy stays as one of the significant player of car design and technology and Fiat has large investments outside Italy including 100% stake in the American automaker Chrysler as of January 2014.
Production figures.
Italian motor vehicle production
Manufacturers.
Italian automobile manufacturers include:
Defunct manufacturers:

</doc>
