<doc id="2887277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887277" title="Autovent">
Autovent

An autovent is a device for maintaining a greenhouse or conservatory within a range of temperatures. The basic principle is that as greenhouse heats above ambient the air inside becomes lighter, the vent opens when a certain temperature is reached and lets the hot air out - drawing cooler air in from outside.
Mechanism.
The force to open the vent is provided a number of ways, the most common being through thermal expansion and by electric motors. Thermal expansion based actuators use either the differential expansion rate of different materials (bimetallic strips) or special fluids with large coefficient of thermal expansion in pistons. This approach is cheap, reliable and passive (requires no external energy).
Electric motors (usually servo motors) are usually controlled by an electronic sensor, and can be more accurately programmed. The vents can form part of a more complex climate control system for controlling humidity, fresh air rate and temperature. The most sophisticated systems use a dedicated computer to control watering, cooling (usually evaporative cooling), heating, lighting, CO2 injection fertilization and air flow.

</doc>
<doc id="2887278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887278" title="Timmy Big Hands">
Timmy Big Hands

Timmy Big Hands was a humor webzine. Created in 2000 by the former cast and crew of "Mystery Science Theater 3000", the site garnered much critical acclaim and accolades, but eventually was retired.
The site featured odd but humorous reviews of everyday items, comics, strange games, and new syrup ads each week. 
The games included such oddities as "Kill-a-Guy" where you would literally play God and kill a man by simply clicking on him, as well as an interactive game called "Apologize to Steve", in which the concept was to apologize to Steve.
Comics included "The Cliparts" which were simply crafted from clip art and given dialogue balloons. The stories were usually nonsensical and the art would run the gamut from office workers to suddenly having a tall Indian enter the frame.
In 2001, the site was put up for sale on eBay. The new owners decided not to continue with the project.
In an interview in 2003, Mike Nelson stated:

</doc>
<doc id="2887281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887281" title="White Rabbit (comics)">
White Rabbit (comics)

The White Rabbit (Lorina Dodson) is a supervillainess in the Marvel Universe and is an enemy of Spider-Man and Frog-Man.
Publication history.
She first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" #131 in July 1983, and was created by J.M. DeMatteis, Kerry Gammill, and Mike Esposito.
Fictional character biography.
Born from a wealthy family, the girl who would become the White Rabbit grew up in a safe, secure environment and was showered with all the material possessions she desired. However, she was bored, and only found entertainment from classic literature, such as "Alice in Wonderland", her favorite. As she grew older, her family married her off to an older gentleman named Lewis Dodson (a name derived from the author of the Alice in Wonderland books, Lewis Carroll, whose real name was Charles Dodgson). At the time of the marriage, she was twenty-five and he was eighty-two. Being treated as a trophy wife caused her mind to snap, and she eventually had him killed (or murdered him herself), simply saying about his death that he "died happy", and used her inheritance to buy various gadgets so that she could experience a life full of danger and excitement.
She became the White Rabbit, an eccentric female criminal, whose costume resembled a cross between the literary character from "Alice in Wonderland" and a Playboy Bunny. While the White Rabbit is clearly insane to the point of being completely ridiculous, she is quite articulate and has a great knowledge of literature, as well as being a total psychopath. She spent her first days as a criminal robbing various fast food joints, most notably "Kwikkee Burger". She and her gang were eventually confronted by Frog-Man (a frequent customer at Kwikkee Burger), who was able to defeat her hired help only with Spider-Man's aid. The White Rabbit escaped, but struck later at a book fair, where she found the two super heroes once again. The White Rabbit, witnessing her men getting defeated, fled using her jet-boots, but they began to malfunction, allowing Frog-Man to knock her into a building.
Much later, she resurfaced, plotting to get her revenge on Frog-Man. She allied herself with the Walrus, but they were defeated by Spider-Man, Frog-Man, and Frog-Man's father, Leap-Frog. Ditching the Walrus, she popped up again later with two new villains, Mad Hatter and Dormouse, though they were both actually hired actors, as no other supervillains would work with the White Rabbit. She formed a new plan by capturing Grizzly and Gibbon and ransoming them for one billion dollars in gold. She also created several genetically-altered rabbits, who were ready to eat Grizzly and Gibbon. The Mayor, however, only offered the White Rabbit $2.50, which caused her to fly into a rage and raise the ransom to five billion dollars (this time the Rabbit demanded that the ransom be paid entirely in quarters), but Spider-Man, under the alias of the Bombastic Bag-Man - as he was currently wanted for murder as Spider-Man thanks to the machinations of Norman Osborn, he was forced to use an alternative costume and lacked the time to get any of his other new costumes (See "Identity Crisis (Marvel Comics)") - infiltrated the White Rabbit's hideout and battled her giant rabbit robot. She was then knocked out by Grizzly (who claimed he did it so he wouldn't be accused of being sexist); he and his partner had escaped, remembering Gibbon's natural affinity with the Animal Kingdom and thus taming the GM Rabbits.
White Rabbit was later seen at an auction in which the Venom Symbiote and Scorpion suit was sold. She tried to rob another bank, but was interrupted by Grizzly. However, she escaped and the police arrested Grizzly by mistake.
In the limited series "Claws", the White Rabbit, her outfit modified (now more than ever resembling a Playboy Bunny), became romantically involved with Arcade, a man with a dedication for drama and who controls 'Murderworlds', where people are killed off in carnivalesque ways. They go after Wolverine and the Black Cat. The two heroes manage to defeat Arcade and the White Rabbit. They are dropped off into the Savage Land, a prehistoric land hidden deep in the Antarctic. The White Rabbit became queen of a group of tribal warriors. 
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, White Rabbit appears as a member of the Hood's gang. She is part of a sub-group of said gang that attacks Mister Negative. The motive is because he won't hand over his control over the criminal underworld in New York's 'Chinatown'.
White Rabbit is next seen in Los Angeles, where she is working as a drug dealer to the rich and famous. One of her clients is Bobby Carr, Mary Jane's boyfriend. Carr is also an actor and is using Mutant Growth Hormone to bulk up for a movie role. The Rabbit turned on her client when the U.S. Department of Justice wanted him to inform them who his dealer is. White Rabbit and her gang attacked Carr and MJ at a trendy Los Angeles club, gassing the party goers. Mary Jane rescued Carr and took out White Rabbit at the club, when the police arrived and took the White Rabbit into custody.
During the "Spider-Island" storyline, White Rabbit (alongside Chance and Scorcher) attacks Peter Parker and Carlie Cooper at an abandoned lab that Jackal is in at Empire University. She ends up knocked down by Peter Parker using the moves he learned from Shang-Chi.
White Rabbit later makes a cameo at the Raft at the time when Hydro-Man, Scorpion, and Trapster spring Doctor Octopus (whose mind has been swapped with Peter Parker's mind) out the Raft.
White Rabbit appeared as a member of the Menagerie (which also consisted of Hippo, Skein, and a new villain called Panda-Mania). They were on a rampage stealing expensive eggs from an auction. She and the Menagerie are defeated by Spider-Man despite the fact that Skein used her powers to destroy Spider-Man's outfit.
Abilities and equipment.
The White Rabbit has no superhuman abilities but is well-educated (at least a Bachelor of Arts degree in Literature or its equivalent) and knows some martial arts.
The White Rabbit is obsessed with the works of Lewis Carroll, and her equipment reflects this: her weaponry includes an umbrella that shoots razor-sharp or explosive carrots, a large, rideable, heavily armed robot rabbit, genetically-engineered killer bunnies and jet-boots. She also had two custom-modified vehicles: a zeppelin called the Flying Hare, and a van called the Bunnymobile.
Due to her ridiculous appearance, insanity, lack of judgement and bad reputation, few people take her seriously and dismiss her as a raving lunatic.
Other versions.
Marvel Adventures.
White Rabbit appears in the "Marvel Adventures Spider-Man" series. She is romantically interested in Venom, and even writes to him when he is in the Vault. White Rabbit plans a series of Lewis Carroll-inspired robberies alongside Venom, while he pretends to be Spider-Man's new unwanted sidekick. However, Spider-Man figures out the plan and easily defeated White Rabbit.

</doc>
<doc id="2887286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887286" title="Joshua Smith (artist)">
Joshua Smith (artist)

Joshua Smith (190522 July 1995) was an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1944 with his portrait of Hon Sol Rosevear, MHR, Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, but is more well known as being the subject of the previous year's controversial Archibald Prize win, by artist William Dobell.
Although the portrait of him was very popular, with more than 154,000 visitors, a court case relating to the portrait in 1943 caused damage to his career, as well as that of Dobell's. Garfield Barwick appeared for the plaintiff, and although the claim was dismissed, it made Barwick's reputation as a rising star of the legal fraternity. In an interview in 1991 Smith called the portrait a "curse, a phantom that haunts me. It has torn at me every day of my life. I've tried to bury it inside me in the hope it would die, but it never does". The portrait of him by Dobell had become more famous than his own work, which caused him considerable consternation.

</doc>
<doc id="2887294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887294" title="Sagittal suture">
Sagittal suture

The sagittal suture is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the two parietal bones of the skull. The term is derived from the Latin word "sagitta", meaning "arrow". The derivation of this term may be demonstrated by observing how the sagittal suture is notched posteriorly, like an arrow, by the lambdoid suture. The sagittal suture is also known as the "interparietal suture" and the "sutura interparietalis".
In forensic anthropology, the sagittal suture is one method used to date human remains. The suture begins to close at age twenty-nine, starting at where it intersects at the lambdoid suture and working forward. By age thirty-five, the suture is completely closed. This means that when inspecting a human skull, if the suture is still open, one can assume an age of less than twenty-nine. Conversely, if the suture is completely formed, one can assume an age of greater than thirty-five.
Two anatomical landmarks are found on the sagittal suture: the bregma, and the vertex of the skull. The bregma is formed by the intersection of the sagittal and coronal sutures. The vertex is the highest point on the skull and is often near the midpoint of the sagittal suture.
At birth, the bones of the skull do not meet. If certain bones of the skull grow too fast then "premature closure" of the sutures may occur. This can result in skull deformities. If the sagittal suture closes early the skull becomes long, narrow, and wedge-shaped, a condition called "scaphocephaly".

</doc>
<doc id="2887295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887295" title="Fadhli Sultanate">
Fadhli Sultanate

Fadhli ( '), or the Fadhli Sultanate (Arabic السلطنة الفضلية '), was an independent sultanate on the southern coast of the Arabian Peninsula from at least the 15th century until 1967. It was one of the original "Nine Cantons" that signed protection agreements with Great Britain in the early 20th century and became part of the British Aden Protectorate.
It was a founding member of the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South in 1959 and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia, in 1963. The capital of the Fadhlis was Shuqrah, located on the coast of the Gulf of Aden, until 1962, when the administrative capital was moved to Zinjibar, located about 60 km to the east of Aden, although the sultan's residence remained at Shuqrah.
The last sultan, Nasser bin Abdullah bin Hussein bin Ahmed Alfadhli (Arabic: السلطان ناصر بن عبدالله بن حسين بن أحمد الفضلي), was deposed and the state was abolished in 1967 upon the founding of the People's Republic of South Yemen, which is now part of the Republic of Yemen.
The Fadhli Sultans.
The Sultanate extended back at least to Othman who ruled until 1670. The sultans were:

</doc>
<doc id="2887299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887299" title="Castles and Dreams">
Castles and Dreams

Castles and Dreams is a DVD released by the band Blackmore's Night in 2005. It was released as a Region 2 DVD on May 30, 2005 after being pushed back multiple times. It was released as a Region 1 DVD on October 11, 2005. "Castles and Dreams" is a song by Blackmore’s Night from their 1999 album "Under a Violet Moon".
In 2008 the DVD went Gold in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2887309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887309" title="Ampsanctus">
Ampsanctus

Ampsanctus, or Amsanctus (modern: Sorgente Mefita) was a small lake in the territory of the Hirpini, c. 15 km south of Aeclanum, close to the Via Appia (southern Italy). There are now two small pools which exhale carbonic acid gas and hydrogen sulfide. Close by was a temple of the goddess Mephitis, with a cave from which suffocating vapors rose, and for this reason the place was brought into connection with the legends of the infernal regions. Virgil's description ("Aeneid", vii. 563) is not, however, very accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="2887314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887314" title="Ghost Story (film)">
Ghost Story (film)

Ghost Story is a 1981 American horror film directed by John Irvin and based on the 1979 book of the same name by Peter Straub. It stars Fred Astaire, Melvyn Douglas, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., John Houseman and Craig Wasson (in a dual role). It was the last film to feature Astaire, Fairbanks, and Douglas (the latter died four months before the film's release), and the first film to feature Michael O'Neill. The film was shot in Woodstock, Vermont, Saratoga Springs, New York and at Stetson University in DeLand, Florida.
Plot.
The plot is taken from the novel of the same name by Straub, but greatly changes and simplifies it.
In a small New England town, four elderly friends form what they call the Chowder Society, an informal club where they regale each other with scary stories. Membership in the club, in fact, requires that one present such a story. The four friends are: Ricky Hawthorne, a business owner; Sears James, a lawyer; Dr. John Jaffrey; and Edward Charles Wanderley, the town's mayor.
When Edward's son, David (Craig Wasson), living in New York, falls from a window after the girl he's sleeping with turns suddenly into a demon, Edward grieves. His other son, Don, a college professor who has fallen on hard times, shows up in town and doesn't receive a warm welcome from Edward, who always preferred the other, more ambitious son.
But now the four elderly gentlemen are unsettled and have nightmares. Clearly, something is bothering them. Edward becomes so distraught that he wanders across a bridge in the snow. When he sees the same female apparition that caused his son to fall to his death, Edward, too, falls to his death from the bridge. Although his death is ruled a suicide, his son Don and Edward's three remaining elderly friends doubt it. Don approaches the remaining three friends, requests membership in their group and offers up a bizarre "ghost" story of his own.
Don's flashback:
In the present, the elderly friends react to Don's story. Sears discounts it, but Ricky believes him. Elderly Dr. John Jaffrey, after having a nightmare about the same woman, Alma, dies of a heart attack. This leaves only Sears and Ricky. Thus, they finally tell Don their own strange history with a woman who looked exactly like Alma.
Their flashback:
Back in the present, Ricky and Sears admit that the death has haunted them all these years. Whereas Sears is dubious, both Ricky and Don believe that Alma and Eva the same woman and that her ghost has returned to seek revenge.
Don suggests they go to Eva's old house, now in ruins, to confront the past and her ghost once and for all. They go there, but Don falls on the rotting stairs and breaks his leg. Sears leaves in his car to seek help, leaving Don and Ricky behind. While driving through the snowstorm, Sears comes upon Eva's apparition. He slams on the brakes, and swerves to the side of the road. He survives, but is attacked and killed by Fenny Bate, one of Eva's accomplices.
Ricky nearly dies at the hands of Eva's other accomplice, Gregory Bate, but Ricky stabs him and escapes to get to the authorities, telling them to pull Eva's car up from the lake to reveal her body inside. This is intercut with Don, who confronts the rotting specter of Alma/Eva. Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car, wrenching open the rusted, corroded door, the undead rotting corpse of Eva lunges into view. It falls to the ground and begins to disintegrate before their eyes. Don is spared from her vengeance and the town is restored to peace.
Reception.
The film earned a respectable $23,371,905 at the US box office. It was the third highest grossing horror film of 1981 and the 34th highest grosser of the year.
Critical reception was mixed upon release. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 36% "rotten" rating. Roger Ebert gave it a positive review, praising the performances and considering it an improvement on Straub's novel. In "The New York Times", Vincent Canby had the opposite view, also praising the performances but feeling that the movie oversimplified Straub's story and themes.
In 1982, the film was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Horror Film.

</doc>
<doc id="2887316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887316" title="Rizhao">
Rizhao

Rizhao () is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Shandong province, People's Republic of China. It is situated on the coastline along the Yellow Sea, borders Qingdao to the northeast, Weifang to the north, Linyi to the west and southwest, and faces Korea and Japan across the Yellow Sea to the east. Rizhao features a major seaport, located approximately north of Shanghai, southwest of Qingdao, and north of Lianyungang. The seaport serves as a site for loading and unloading iron ore and coal. Other products passing through the harbour include cement, nickel, bauxite, and the like. In 2011 the Port of Rizhao, together with the cities of Qingdao, Weihai and Yantai in Shandong, signed a strategic alliance with Busan, the largest port of the Republic of Korea. The alliance aims at building a shipping and logistics center in Northeast Asia.
The name of the city literally means "sunshine". The city is known for its sustainability, and it mandates solar-water heaters in all new buildings. Rizhao city was recognized by the United Nations as one of the most habitable cities in the world in 2009.
The city population stands at 2,801,100 as of the 2010 census. Out of those, a little over 865,000 people live in the urban area of Donggang district.
History.
Rizhao is located at the place where the ancient Dawenkou culture and the Longshan culture flourished. Rizhao belonged to the Dongyi people during the Xia and Shang dynasties (2070-1046 BC), and to Ju and Yue states in the Spring and Autumn period (770-476 BC) and the Warring States period (476-221 BC). It became a part of Langya Commandery in the Qin dynasty (221-206 BC). Rizhao was named Haiqu County (海曲县) during the Western Han (206 BC-25 AD) and Xihai County under the Eastern Han (25-220 AD).
During the Tang dynasty, together with Ju County, Rizhao belonged to Mizhou District of Henan Prefecture. In the second year of the Yuanyou Period of the Song dynasty, Rizhao Township was established, with the name meaning "(the first to get) sunshine". In the 24th year of the Dading Period of the Jin dynasty, Rizhao County was established. In 1940 it came under control of the Communist Party of China. After being a county and since 1985 a city under administration of Linyi, Rizhao became a prefecture-level city within Shandong province in 1989.
The Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago has done field survey archaeological work in Rizhao over years.
Climate.
Rizhao has a temperate, four-season, monsoon-influenced climate that lies in the transition between the humid subtropical (Köppen "Cwa") and humid continental (Köppen "Dwa") regimes, but favouring the former. Winter is cool to cold and windy, but generally dry, with a January average of . Summer is generally hot and humid, but very hot days are rare, with an August average of . Due to its proximity to the coast and being on a peninsula, it experiences a one-month delayed spring compared to much of the province. Conversely, autumn is milder than inland areas in Shandong. The annual mean temperature is . On average, there are 2,530 hours of bright sunshine annually and the relative humidity is 70–74 %.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Rizhao administers four county-level divisions, including two districts and two counties.
Landmarks and tourist attractions.
The following locations have a 4-star rating according to Chinese classification for scenic spots ()
Sustainable development.
The city now mandates the incorporation of solar panels in all new buildings, and oversees the construction process to ensure the panels are correctly installed. The effort to install solar water heaters began in 1992. As of 2007, 99 percent of households in the central districts use solar water heaters, and most of the lighting and traffic signals are powered with photovoltaic solar power. In 2007 the city had over a half-million square meters of solar water heating panels, which have effectively reduced conventional electricity usage by 348 million kilowatthours per year. The city has been designated as the Environmental Protection Model City by China's SEPA, and is consistently listed in the top 10 cities for air quality in China.
Education.
Universities and colleges.
Since becoming a city, Rizhao has seen a big growth in the number of universities and colleges, all of which are located in or near the University City () of Donggang District.

</doc>
<doc id="2887318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887318" title="Mosquito control">
Mosquito control

Mosquito control manages the population of mosquitoes to reduce their damage to human health, economies, and enjoyment. Mosquito control is a vital public-health practice throughout the world and especially in the tropics because mosquitoes spread many diseases, such as malaria.
Mosquito-control operations are targeted against three different problems:
Disease organisms transmitted by mosquitoes include West Nile virus, Saint Louis encephalitis virus, Eastern equine encephalomyelitis virus, Everglades virus, Highlands J virus, La Crosse Encephalitis virus in the United States; dengue fever, yellow fever, Ilheus virus, malaria, and filariasis in the American tropics; Rift Valley fever, "Wuchereria bancrofti", Japanese Encephalitis, chikungunya, malaria and filariasis in Africa and Asia; and Murray Valley encephalitis in Australia.
Depending on the situation, source reduction, biocontrol, larviciding (control of larvae), or adulticiding (control of adults) may be used to manage mosquito populations. These techniques are accomplished using habitat modification, pesticide, biological-control agents, and trapping. The advantage of non-toxic methods of control is they can be used in Conservation Areas.
Monitoring mosquito populations.
Adult mosquito populations may be monitored via landing rate counts, or by mechanical traps. For landing rate counts, an inspector visits a set number of sites every day, counting the number of adult female mosquitoes that land on a part of the body, such as an arm or both legs, within a given time interval. Mechanical traps use a fan to blow adult mosquitoes into a collection bag that is taken back to the laboratory for analysis of catch. The mechanical traps use visual cues (light, black/white contrasts) or chemical attractants that are normally given off by mosquito hosts (e.g. carbon dioxide, ammonia, lactic acid, octenol) to attract adult female mosquitoes. These cues are often used in combination.
Monitoring larval mosquito populations involves collecting larvae from standing water with a dipper or a turkey baster. The habitat, approximate total number of larvae and pupae, and species are noted for each collection. An alternative method works by providing artificial breeding spots (ovitraps) and collecting and counting the developing larvae at fixed intervals.
Source reduction.
Since many mosquitoes breed in standing water, source reduction can be as simple as emptying water from containers around the home. This is something that homeowners can accomplish. For example, homeowners can eliminate mosquito breeding grounds by removing unused plastic pools, old tires, or buckets; by clearing clogged gutters and repairing leaks around faucets; by regularly changing water in bird baths; and by filling or draining puddles, swampy areas, and tree stumps. Eliminating such mosquito breeding areas can be an extremely effective and permanent way to reduce mosquito populations without resorting to insecticides. However, this may not be possible in parts of the developing world where water cannot be readily replaced due to irregular water supply.
Open water marsh management (OWMM) involves the use of shallow ditches, about wide and deep, to create a network of water flow within marshes and to connect the marsh to a pond or canal. The network of ditches drains the mosquito habitat and lets in fish which will feed on mosquito larvae. This reduces the need for other control methods such as pesticides. Simply giving the predators access to the mosquito larvae can result in long-term mosquito control. Open-water marsh management is used on both the eastern and western coasts of the United States.
Rotational impoundment management (RIM) involves the use of large pumps and culverts with gates to control the water level within an impounded marsh. RIM allows mosquito control to occur while still permitting the marsh to function in a state as close to its natural condition as possible. Water is pumped into the marsh in the late spring and summer to prevent the female mosquito from laying her eggs on the soil. The marsh is allowed to drain in the fall, winter, and early spring. Gates in the culverts are used to permit fish, crustaceans, and other marsh organisms to enter and exit the marsh. RIM allows the mosquito-control goals to be met while at the same time reducing the need for pesticide use within the marsh. Rotational impoundment management is used to a great extent on the east coast of Florida.
Biocontrol.
Biological control or "biocontrol" is the use of natural enemies to manage mosquito populations. There are several types of biological control including the direct introduction of parasites, pathogens and predators to target mosquitoes. Effective biocontrol agents include predatory fish that feed on mosquito larvae such as mosquitofish ("Gambusia affinis") and some cyprinids (carps and minnows) and killifish. Tilapia will also consume mosquito larvae. Direct introduction of tilapia and mosquitofish into ecosystems around the world have had disastrous consequences. However, utilizing a controlled system via Aquaponics provides the mosquito control without the adverse effects to the ecosystem.
Other predators include dragonfly naiads, which consume mosquito larvae in the breeding waters, adult dragonflies, which eat adult mosquitoes, and some species of lizard and gecko.
Some other biocontrol agents that have had lesser degrees of success include the predator mosquito "Toxorhynchites" and predator crustaceans—Mesocyclops copepods, nematodes, and fungi. Some public agencies also employ other predators such as birds, bats, lizards and frogs, but evidence of effectiveness of these agents is only anecdotal. 
Like all animals, mosquitoes have their own set of diseases. Invertebrate pathologists study these diseases in the hope that some of them can be utilized for mosquito management. Microbial pathogens of mosquitoes include viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa, nematodes, and microsporidia (Davidson 1981, Jahn 1996)
Also used as biological control agent are the dead spores of varieties of the natural soil bacterium "Bacillus thuringiensis", especially "Bt israelensis" (BTI). BTI is used to interfere in the digestion systems of larvae. It can be dispersed by hand or dropped by helicopter in large areas. BTI is no longer effective after the larvae turn into pupae, because they stop eating.
Two species of fungi are currently also being used for killing adult mosquitoes: "Metarhizium anisopliae" and "Beauveria bassiana".
Integrated pest management (IPM) is the use of the most environmentally appropriate method or combination of methods to control pest populations. Typical mosquito-control programs using IPM first conduct larval and adult surveys, in order to determine the species composition, relative abundance, and seasonal distribution of adult and larval mosquitoes, and only then are the best and most effective methods of control utilized.
West Nile virus and Encephalitis are spread by mosquitoes and they continue to be a problem in the United States.
Experimental biocontrol methods.
Scientists have created spermless male mosquitoes and are experimenting with methods of introducing the sterile males into the environment in the hope of reducing overall mosquito numbers.
Another approach under investigation for the control of the mosquito species "Aedes aegypti" uses a strain that is genetically modified to require the antibiotic Tetracycline to develop beyond the larval stage. Modified males raised in a laboratory will develop normally as they are supplied with this chemical and can be released into the wild. However, their subsequent offspring will lack tetracycline in the wild and will never develop into adults.
In recent years, control of mosquitoes by genetic methods like sterile male technique, cytoplasmic incompatibility, chromosomal translocations, sex distortion and gene replacement have been explored. Their use is still in research phase. They are cheaper, more efficient and not subject to vector resistance.
Oil drip.
An oil drip can or oil drip barrel was a common and nontoxic antimosquito measure.
The thin layer of oil on top of the water prevents mosquito breeding in two ways:
mosquito larvae in the water cannot penetrate the oil film with their breathing tube, and so drown and die; also
adult mosquitoes do not lay eggs on the oiled water.
Larviciding.
Control of larvae can be accomplished through use of contact poisons, growth regulators, surface films, stomach poisons (including bacterial agents), and biological agents such as fungi, nematodes, copepods, and fish. A chemical commonly used in the United States is methoprene, considered slightly toxic to larger animals, which mimics and interferes with natural growth hormones in mosquito larvae, preventing development. Methoprene is frequently distributed in time-release briquette form in breeding areas.
It is believed by some researchers that the larvae of "Anopheles gambiae" (important vectors of malaria) can survive for several days on moist mud, and that treatments should therefore include mud and soil several meters from puddles.
Adulticiding.
Control of adult mosquitoes is the most familiar aspect of mosquito control to most of the public. It is accomplished by ground-based applications or via aerial application of residual chemical insecticides. Generally modern mosquito-control programs in developed countries use low-volume applications of insecticides, although some programs may still use thermal fogging. Beside fogging there are some other insect repellent for indoors and outdoors.
To control adult mosquitoes in India, van mounted fogging machines and hand fogging machines are used.
Use of DDT.
DDT was formerly used throughout the world for large area mosquito control, but it is now banned in most developed countries.
Controversially, DDT remains in common use in many developing countries, which claim that the public-health cost of switching to other control methods would exceed the harm caused by using DDT. It is sometimes approved for use only in specific, limited circumstances where it is most effective, such as application to walls.
The role of DDT in combating mosquitoes has been the subject of considerable controversy. Although DDT has been proven to affect biodiversity and cause eggshell thinning in birds such as the bald eagle, some say that DDT is the most effective weapon in combating mosquitoes, and hence malaria. While some of this disagreement is based on differences in the extent to which disease control is valued as opposed to the value of biodiversity, there is also genuine disagreement amongst experts about the costs and benefits of using DDT.
Notwithstanding, DDT-resistant mosquitoes have started to increase in numbers, especially in tropics due to mutations, reducing the effectiveness of this chemical; these mutations can rapidly spread over vast areas if pesticides are applied indiscriminately (Chevillon "et al." 1999). In areas where DDT resistance is encountered, malathion, propoxur or lindane is used.
Mosquito traps.
A traditional approach to controlling mosquito populations is the use of Lethal ovitraps, which provide artificial breeding spots for mosquitoes to lay their eggs. These traps usually contain a chemical inside the trap that is used to kill the adult mosquito and/or the larvae in the trap. Studies have shown that with enough of these traps, "Aedes" mosquito populations can be controlled. The latest approach is the automatic lethal ovitrap, which works like a traditional ovitrap but automates all steps needed to provide the breeding spots and to destroy the developing larvae.
A newer approach to killing mosquitoes in a non-toxic way is to use a device that burns propane, thus generating carbon dioxide, warmth, and water vapor. These three elements, often coupled with a chemical attractant heated in this process, draws the mosquitoes toward the propane flame, where they are then sucked into a net or holder where they collect.
Some newer mosquito traps or known mosquito attractants emit a plume of carbon dioxide together with other mosquito attractants such as sugary scents, lactic acid, octenol, warmth, water vapor and sounds. By mimicking a mammal’s scent and outputs, the trap draws female mosquitoes toward it, where they are typically sucked into a net or holder by an electric fan where they are collected. According to the American Mosquito Control Association, "these devices will, indeed, trap and kill measurable numbers of mosquitoes," but their effectiveness in any particular case will depend on a number of factors such as the size and species of the mosquito population and the type and location of the breeding habitat. They are useful in specimen collection studies to determine the types of mosquitoes prevalent in an area but are typically far too inefficient to be useful in reducing mosquito populations.
Proposals to eradicate mosquitos.
Some biologists have proposed the deliberate extinction of certain mosquito species. Biologist Olivia Judson has advocated "specicide" of thirty mosquito species by introducing a genetic element which can insert itself into another crucial gene, to create recessive "knockout genes". She says that the "Anopheles" mosquitoes (which spread malaria) and "Aedes" mosquitoes (which spread dengue fever, yellow fever, elephantiasis, and other diseases) represent only 30 out of some 3,500 mosquito species; eradicating these would save at least one million human lives per year, at a cost of reducing the genetic diversity of the family Culicidae by only 1%. She further argues that since species become extinct "all the time" the disappearance of a few more will not destroy the ecosystem: "We're not left with a wasteland every time a species vanishes. Removing one species sometimes causes shifts in the populations of other species — but different need not mean worse." In addition, anti-malarial and mosquito control programs offer little realistic hope to the 300 million people in developing nations who will be infected with acute illnesses this year. Although trials are ongoing, she writes that if they fail: "We should consider the ultimate swatting." 
Insect ecologist Steven Juliano has argued that "it's difficult to see what the downside would be to removal, except for collateral damage". Entomologist Joe Conlon stated that "If we eradicated them tomorrow, the ecosystems where they are active will hiccup and then get on with life. Something better or worse would take over." 
However, David Quammen has pointed out that mosquitoes protect forests from human exploitation and may act as competitors for other insects. In terms of malaria control, if populations of mosquitoes were temporarily reduced to zero in a region, then this would exterminate malaria, and the mosquito population could then be allowed to rebound.

</doc>
<doc id="2887333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887333" title="Apex beat">
Apex beat

The apex beat (lat. ictus cordis), also called the point of maximum impulse (PMI), is the furthermost point outwards (laterally) and downwards (inferiorly) from the sternum at which the cardiac impulse can be felt. The cardiac impulse is the result of the heart rotating, moving forward and striking against the chest wall during systole.
It is also known as the "apical impulse".
Identification.
The normal apex beat can be palpated in the precordium "left 5th intercostal space", at the point of intersection with the "left midclavicular line". In children the apex beat occurs in the fourth rib interspace medial to the nipple. The apex beat may also be found at abnormal locations; in many cases of dextrocardia, the apex beat may be felt on the right side.
Interpretation.
Sometimes, the apex beat may not be palpable, either due to a thick chest wall, or conditions where the stroke volume is reduced; such as during ventricular tachycardia or shock.
The character of the apex beat may provide vital diagnostic clues:
An algorithm for the classification of some common apex beat characters is shown in the image.

</doc>
<doc id="2887340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887340" title="Gene Lamont">
Gene Lamont

Gene William Lamont (born December 25, 1946) is a former catcher and manager in Major League Baseball who managed the Chicago White Sox (1992–1995) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1997–2000). He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. Lamont is currently the bench coach for the Detroit Tigers.
Biography.
Lamont was a Chicago Cubs fan all his life, growing up in Kirkland, Illinois and attending Western Illinois University. He was selected by the Detroit Tigers in the 1st round, as the 13th pick, of the 1965 amateur draft, and came up with them as a September call-up in 1970, when he had 13 hits in 44 at bats. The following year, he had only 15 at-bats and only 1 hit. In his biggest year, he had 92 at-bats, playing as a backup to Tigers catcher Jerry Moses. After 1975, his major league career, spent entirely with the Tigers, was over. He bounced around in the minors, on triple-A Evansville (with such players as Tom Brookens and Jerry Manuel) before stopping. He ended with a lifetime batting average of .233, with 4 home runs and 14 RBI in 87 games played. He had 37 hits in 159 at-bats, and stole 1 base.
The highlight of his time as a player had been a home run in his first at bat of his career off the Boston Red Sox' Cal Koonce. However, his career would go on as a manager, beginning soon in 1977 with the Kansas City Royals as a manager, managing their single-A Fort Myers team for two years. After that, he guided double-A Jacksonville Suns to a championship in 1982 and again in 1983, being named Southern League Manager of the Year in the former.
Finally after two seasons with the triple-A Omaha Royals in the minors, he had worked his way up to the majors, serving as a third base coach for Jim Leyland's 1986 Pirates team. By the early '90s, with the Pirates emergence as a contender, Lamont was being considered by some teams for a managing job. 
In 1992, Jeff Torborg left the White Sox to take the managing job with the New York Mets, and Lamont was named manager of Chicago. That year, the Sox did well, finishing 86–76, 3rd in the American League's Western Division. However, the following year the White Sox finished 94-68 under Lamont and were first in the AL West for the first time since they won 99 games in 1983 under Tony La Russa. His team consisted of such stars as Frank Thomas, Robin Ventura, Ellis Burks, Jack McDowell, Alex Fernandez, Jason Bere, and Wilson Alvarez. Lamont took home the AL Manager of the Year award that year, and the team lost in the American League Championship Series to the soon-to-be champs, the Toronto Blue Jays.
In 1994, a baseball strike took place. When it began, the White Sox had the best record in the division; but the team did not fare as well the following year, starting out with an 11–20 record before Lamont was fired and replaced by Terry Bevington.
Lamont returned to the Pirates and began coaching again, before Leyland left in 1997, giving Lamont the job of manager once again. He was the first Pirates manager to have been a catcher during his playing career since Billy Meyer (1948–1952). Amazingly, in his first year Lamont finished second with a young, inexperienced team that was widely predicted to finish last. His team often upset many NL teams vying for playoff spots. He came in 2nd place in the manager of the year voting behind Dusty Baker of the San Francisco Giants. 
There was no continued success for the Pirates though, finishing in last place in the Central in 1998. After the terrible 2000 season, Lamont was fired and replaced by Lloyd McClendon.
He has a career record of 553–562, barely below .500 at .496, despite the many bad Pirates seasons. His all-time record in Chicago was 258–210, and he was 295–352 in Pittsburgh. Lamont had two first place finishes, including the strike shortened year.
Lamont returned to coaching, with the Red Sox and the Astros. He has been the Tigers third base coach since the 2006 season.[http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/L/Plamog101.htm]
On November 12, 2011, Lamont was interviewed for the manager position for the Boston Red Sox after the Red Sox declined to exercise Terry Francona's 2012 option for manager. Lamont joined Torey Lovullo, Sandy Alomar, Jr., Pete Mackanin, and Dale Sveum vying for the managerial position. As of November 27, only Lamont and Bobby Valentine were still in contention for the position. On November 29, it was reported that Valentine would be the new Red Sox manager.
In 2013, Lamont was moved to the dugout as the bench coach and was replaced by Tom Brookens, who was previously the 1st base coach.

</doc>
<doc id="2887345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887345" title="Kazuhiko Matsumoto">
Kazuhiko Matsumoto

Life and career.
MVG.
Matsumoto was the founder and first director of M's Video Group (MVG) in 1995. In December 2005, the present company (re-formed in 2005) issued a series of 14 DVDs of Matsumoto's early work to celebrate their 10th anniversary.
Matsumoto is credited with creating the term "bukakke" and the pornographic genre in 1998 as a response to Japanese censorship of AV. Because any graphic depiction of the pubic hair and genitals were banned in Japanese pornography, directors had to find less direct ways of portraying sexual activity. Matsumoto developed the "bukkake" genre as a way of following these censorship laws literally while still giving his audience visual evidence of male sexual climax.
Matsumoto has also directed videos in the "bukakke" genre and other styles for Moodyz and Soft On Demand (SOD). An Nanba and Bunko Kanazawa are two of the prominent AV idols Matsumoto directed while working for the Moodyz company. At SOD he directed Nana Natsume in her first "bukakke" movie "Nana Natsume Showered by Semen".
Dogma.
Matsumoto directed for Dogma in 2003 including a "bukakke-gokkun" genre video with Kurumi Morishita in March 2003. He was one of nine directors invited to compete in Dogma's D-1 Climax Awards contest in 2005 but his entry "Party R" D1-001 with Rina Yuuki finished last. Matsumoto didn't compete in the 2006 D-1 Climax Awards but his video at the 2007 D-1 Climax Awards, "60 Pussies, Ugly Men, Black Men, Pussy Bukkake, Nakadashi And Fuck!" D1-301 took 5th place. It was for this video that Matsumoto developed "M-Vision" ("M" for Matsumoto), which allows adult video directors to focus their cameras simultaneously on an actress's face and her genitals. This was named by "Weekly Playboy" as the number one innovation likely to change the sex industry in 2008.
S1.
From mid-2007, Matsumoto also directed non-bukakke style videos for S1 No. 1 Style featuring such top AV idols as Yuma Asami, Akiho Yoshizawa, Minori Hatsune and Tina Yuzuki (Rio) which featured his "M-Vision" technique.

</doc>
<doc id="2887351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887351" title="Hermia">
Hermia

Hermia is a fictional character from Shakespeare's play, "A Midsummer Night's Dream". The dialogue makes it clear that she is shorter than Helena. She is caught in a romantic accident where she loves one man,
Lysander, but is loved by Demetrius, whose feelings she does not return.
Hermia loves Lysander, but her father, Egeus, wants her to marry Demetrius. Hermia's refusal of her father's command would result in her death sentence or residence at a nunnery by Athenian law. Lysander and Hermia run away into the forest; on the way they meet Demetrius' former fiance and Hermia's best friend Helena, whom Demetrius abandoned to woo Hermia. Helena is still hopelessly in love, but Hermia tells her not to worry, as Lysander and she will flee and Demetrius will no longer see her face. Helena tells Demetrius, hoping that he will realize her love for him if she tells him the truth, but Demetrius pursues Hermia and Lysander into the forest with Helena following.
After a scene in which Demetrius tries to get Helena to stop following him and Helena declares her love, Oberon (Fairy King), who has been watching the whole time, being invisible to humans, orders his sprite, Puck, to place a drop from a magical flower on the sleeping Demetrius' eyelids so that he will fall in love with Helena when he wakes, and everyone will be content; however, Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius; therefore, when Lysander sets his sights on Helena, "Lysander" falls in love with her instead. After realizing the mistake Oberon places a drop of the magical flower on Demetrius' eyes and sends him chasing after Helena with Lysander.
When both Demetrius and Lysander chase after her, Helena accuses Hermia of being part of a cruel joke. Hermia feels betrayed by the accusation and retorts that she would never hurt her friend that way. Because Lysander and Demetrius's love for Hermia was so great, Helena believes that the two are also mocking her, along with Hermia.
Puck finally places the antidote on Lysander's eyes - but not on Demetrius's. They all wake up the next morning when Theseus, Hippolyta and Egeus find them. This is the day Hermia is to make her choice to marry Demetrius, enter a nunnery or die. The lovers wake up dazed, unable to explain how they got there, and muttering about a strange dream. But Demetrius, now permanently under the love-flower's spell, says that he loves only Helena, so everything ends well with Hermia and Lysander together. Hermia and Lysander then marry, Theseus overruling Egeus' objection.
Hermia is named after Hermes, the Greek god of exchange and dreams. This connects with the economic reasons Demetrius and Lysander desire her, as well as their demands to be in control of her psyche, or dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="2887362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887362" title="Byronosaurus">
Byronosaurus

Byronosaurus is a genus of troodontid dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous Period. It was named for Byron Jaffe, "in recognition of his family's support for the Mongolian Academy of Sciences-American Museum of Natural History Paleontological Expeditions." The first example of "Byronosaurus" was discovered in 1993 at Ukhaa Tolgod, Gobi Desert, Mongolia; a second was found in 1996 at Bolor's Hill, about 8 kilometers away (5 miles).
"Byronosaurus" was a small, agile dinosaur that was probably only 1.5 meters long (5 ft) and 50 centimeters high (17 in). It weighed only about 4 kilograms (9 lbs). Unlike most other troodontids, its teeth seem to lack serrations. They are instead needle-like, probably best suited for catching small birds, lizards and mammals. Specifically, they resemble those of "Archaeopteryx", the bird-like dinosaur.
The remains of two adult individuals have been found, including two skulls. One, measuring 23 centimeters long (8 inches), is better preserved than any other troodontid skull found to date. It has a chamber in the snout where air enters from the nostrils before passing through to the mouth - another feature similar to that found in birds. Additionally, two hatchling skulls have been identified as juvenile "Byronosaurus".
Hatchling skulls.
Mark Norell and colleagues described two "perinate" (hatchlings or embryos close to hatching) specimens of "Byronosaurus" (specimens IGM 100/972 and IGM 100/974) in 1994. The two specimens were found in a nest of oviraptorid eggs in the Late Cretaceous "Flaming Cliffs" of the Djadokhta Formation of Mongolia. The nest is quite certainly that of an oviraptorosaur, since an oviraptorid embryo is still preserved inside one of the eggs. The two partial skulls were first described by Norell et al. (1994) as dromaeosaurids, but reassigned to "Byronosaurus" after further study. The juvenile skulls were either from hatchlings or embryos, and fragments of eggshell are adhered to them although it seems to be oviraptorid eggshell. The presence of tiny "Byronosaurus" skulls in an oviraptorid nest is an enigma. Hypotheses explaining how they came to be there include that they were the prey of the adult oviraptorid, that they were there to prey on oviraptorid hatchlings, or that an adult "Byronosaurus" may have laid eggs in a "Citipati" nest (see nest parasite).

</doc>
<doc id="2887367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887367" title="Wright v Tatham">
Wright v Tatham

Wright v Doe d. Tatham (1838) is a famous Exchequer Court decision on the use of hearsay within a trial. The case was further one of the main inspirations for Dickens' Bleak House. The decision was later upheld by the House of Lords in "R v Kearly" (1992).
Facts.
Tatham was the claimant and heir to the fortune of the deceased. The will, however, had devised a portion of the property to Wright, a former servant. The main issue was whether the deceased had the required testamentary capacity when he wrote his will. Three letters written to the testator were submitted as circumstantial evidence that the author believed the testator was of sound mind and the issue was whether these letters could be admitted as evidence to prove competence or whether they constituted hearsay. Wright had argued that the letters were admissible because they showed that the testator was seen and treated as a competent in the eyes of those who knew him. Tatham argued that they were inadmissible and so would have to sworn under oath before they could be admissible.
Judgment of the Court.
The House of Lords held that the letters were inadmissible as hearsay because the letters implied the statement "Marsden was of sound mind."
Subsequent use.
The case appears in numerous treatises and evidence text books because of the difficult hearsay issue it raised. Baron Parke held that conduct consistent with a belief in a fact is hearsay when offered to prove the existence of that fact. The approach taken by Federal Rules of Evidence 801(a) does not yield the same result, as it requires that there be an intention to assert, which was absent from the "statement" in Wright v. Doe d. Tatham.

</doc>
<doc id="2887370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887370" title="Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant">
Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant

Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Forsmark, Sweden, and also the site of the Swedish Final repository for radioactive operational waste. It is operated by a subsidiary of Vattenfall.
Reactors.
Forsmark NPP has three Boiling water reactors: 
Other facilities.
West of Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant, there is the static inverter of HVDC Fenno-Skan.
Waste disposal.
Forsmark is the proposed site for the long-term burial of all spent fuel from Swedish nuclear power reactors, using the KBS-3 process. The new site will be located next to the already existing final repository for radioactive operational waste, but the two will not be connected with each other.
April 1986.
On April 28, 1986, unusually high levels of radiation were detected in workers' clothing at this plant, prompting concerns of a release of radioactivity. No leak was found, however, and the radioactivity was subsequently determined to have originated from Chernobyl, where a reactor had exploded the previous day. Chernobyl is approximately 1,100 km from this power plant.
Detection of rise of environmental radioactivity at Forsmark was crucial in leading Soviet authorities, originally attempting to cover up the disaster, to admit that a nuclear incident had taken place in Pripyat.
July 2006 incident.
On 25 July 2006, one reactor was shut down after an electrical fault.
According to the Swedish Nuclear Power Inspection authority SKI, the incident was rated 2 on the International Nuclear Event Scale. Initially it was rated 1 since two generators remained online. But once it was discovered that all four generators could have failed due to the same fault, the event was upgraded to 2.
At the request of the Swedish Government, IAEA launched an OSART mission to Forsmark. 
Lars-Olov Höglund, a former construction chief at Vattenfall, claimed it was the most serious nuclear incident in the world since the Chernobyl disaster and it was pure luck that prevented a meltdown. Both the SKI and the safety chief of Forsmark power plant disagree with that opinion and state that the incident was serious but the description provided by Höglund was incorrect and there was no real risk of a meltdown. Höglund has personally been involved in a legal dispute with Forsmark Nuclear powerplant for several years in connection with his private business. 
However, Kjell Olsson, a researcher at SKI, later stated in an informal discussion with school children that a meltdown "technically" could have developed from the incident. The agency later stated that the failing safety system proved to be linked together in a delicate, extremely serious way.
On March 14, 2011, Höglund commented that the Fukushima-disaster parallels the Forsmark incident, i.e. failing UPS system backup, and repeated his statement from 2007 that "only luck" prevented a meltdown at the Swedish plant.
February 2007 shutdown.
On February 3, two units at Forsmark were shut down to inspect a rubber seal in one of the safety systems. On Forsmark 1 this seal needed to be replaced, a job that would take approximately one month. Unit 2 was cleared by the regulator SKI and was free to restart. 
In January an internal report made by a few employees at Forsmark who were concerned over a "degrading safety culture" was leaked to media who ran an extensive story on it. In the storm following the report the Forsmark CEO chose to resign. Forsmark was already under way to implement a 60-point program designed to improve safety culture, designed shortly after the event in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2887372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887372" title="George Albert Kerr">
George Albert Kerr

George Albert Kerr (January 27, 1924 – May 21, 2007) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1985, and was a cabinet minister in the governments of John Robarts and Bill Davis. Kerr was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party and was the first person to hold the portfolio of environment minister in any provincial or federal cabinet in Canada.
Background.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec, and educated at the University of New Brunswick and Dalhousie Law School. He worked as a lawyer. 
Politics.
He served on the town council of Burlington, Ontario from 1955 to 1957 and 1960 to 1962.
Kerr was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1963 provincial election, defeating Liberal Party candidate Owen Mullin by 6,372 votes in Halton. He served as a backbench supporter of Robarts's government for four years, and was re-elected in the 1967 election. He was appointed to cabinet on June 5, 1969 as Minister of Energy and Resources Management.
Kerr was the only cabinet minister to support Darcy McKeough's bid to succeed Robarts as party leader at the 1971 Progressive Conservative Party leader leadership convention. McKeough was eliminated on the second-last ballot, and, with Kerr, gave his support to Bill Davis. Davis won the contest, and initially retained Kerr in the Energy and Resources Management portfolio. On July 23, 1971, he was named Minister of the Environment, the first such Cabinet minister in Canada.
Following the 1971 election, Kerr was named as Minister of Colleges and Universities. On September 28 of the same year, he was again transferred to become Provincial Secretary for Justice. This post was a "super-ministry", overseeing the offices of the Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General, the Minister of Correctional Services and the Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs. While a strong position in theory, the office lacked defined administrative objectives, and ministers who held the position were often marginalized in legislative debates. 
On February 26, 1974, Kerr was relieved of this position and named as Solicitor-General. He temporarily resigned from cabinet on February 21, 1975, after allegations that he had solicited and received money from a man involved in a harbour scandal in Hamilton. Kerr protested his innocence, but argued that he could not function as the province's Solicitor-General while the matter was unresolved. A subsequent investigation found no grounds to warrant charges against Kerr, and he was briefly returned to cabinet before leaving again on July 18.
The Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a minority government in the 1975 provincial election. Kerr, re-elected for the new constituency of Burlington South, was returned to cabinet on October 7 as Minister of the Environment. He held this position until January 21, 1978, when he was again named Solicitor-General and Provincial Secretary for Justice.
He resigned a second time as Solicitor-General after he made a telephone call to an assistant crown attorney on behalf of a constituent who was facing trial for driving while his licence was suspended. The call quickly became public and Kerr resigned from cabinet on Sept. 9, 1978.
Kerr was re-elected in the 1981 provincial election, and served as a government backbencher for the next four years. He retired from the legislature in 1985.
Kerr died on Victoria Day, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2887375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887375" title="Apodicticity">
Apodicticity

"Apodictic" or "apodeictic" (", "capable of demonstration") is an adjectival expression from Aristotelean logic that refers to propositions that are demonstrable, that are necessarily or self-evidently the case or that, conversely, are impossible. Apodicticity or apodixis is the corresponding abstract noun, referring to logical certainty.
Apodictic propositions contrast with assertoric propositions, which merely assert that something is (or is not) the case, and with problematic propositions, which assert only the possibility of something being true. Franz Brentano writes in "The True and the Evident", "judgments may be either assertoric or apodictic. Assertoric judgments are judgments which are possibly true but are unproven." Apodictic judgments are judgments which are clearly provable and logically certain. For instance, "Two plus two equals four" is apodictic. "Chicago is larger than Omaha" is assertoric. "A corporation could be wealthier than a country" is problematic. In Aristotelian logic, "apodictic" is opposed to "dialectic," as scientific proof is opposed to probable reasoning. Kant contrasts "apodictic" with "problematic" and "assertoric" in the "Critique of Pure Reason", on page A70/B95.
The expression "apodictic" is also sometimes applied to a style of argumentation in which a person presents his reasoning as being categorically true, even if it is not necessarily so. An example of such a usage might be: "Demonstrate less apodicticity! You haven't considered several facets of the question."

</doc>
<doc id="2887384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887384" title="Tendon reflex">
Tendon reflex

Tendon reflex (or T-reflex) may refer to:
Testing.
To test the reflex,tap on the tendon. In a healthy individual the intensity on both sides is equal. This means that the connections between the spinal cord and the muscles are undamaged. 
Functions of Tendon Reflex.
The tendon reflex is a response to extensive tension on a tendon.It helps avoid strong muscle contractions which could tear the tendon from either the muscle or bone. In sports, quick movements can damage the tendon before the reflex can occur. .The tendon reflex also helps spread the workload more evenly over the entire muscle by preventing “muscle fibers connected with overstimulated tendon organs so that their contraction is more comparable to the contraction of the rest of the muscle.”

</doc>
<doc id="2887385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887385" title="The Honeydrippers">
The Honeydrippers

The Honeydrippers were a rock band of the 1980s, deriving their name from Roosevelt Sykes, an American Blues Singer also known as "Honeydripper". Former Led Zeppelin lead singer Robert Plant formed the group in 1981 to satisfy his long-time goal in having a rock band with a heavy R&B basis. Formed originally in Worcestershire, the band went on to record an EP in the US. In addition to Plant, the band was composed of fellow former Led Zeppelin member Jimmy Page; Jeff Beck (a former Yardbirds member like Page); and other friends and well-known studio musicians. They performed in a concert at Keele University in 1981. The band released only one recording, an EP titled "", on 12 November 1984.
The Honeydrippers peaked at #3 in early 1985 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 with a remake of the Phil Phillips' tune "Sea of Love", and hit the top 30 with "Rockin' at Midnight", originally a Roy Brown recording and a rewrite of "Good Rockin' Tonight." With the EP's success, Plant stated that a full album would be recorded, but it never was. The band appeared on "Saturday Night Live" on 15 December 1984, performing "Rockin' at Midnight" and "Santa Claus Is Back in Town." The band featured Brian Setzer on guitar, Tom Barney on bass, Paul Shaffer on piano, Buddy Williams on drums, Michael Brecker, Lou Marini, and Ronnie Cuber on saxophones, Jon Faddis on trumpet and Tom Malone on trombone.
On 23 December 2006, Plant performed a charity show at Kidderminster Town Hall under the title 'The Return of the Honeydrippers' to raise money for his neighbour Jackie Jennings, who was undergoing treatment for a brain tumor.
Members.
Original lineup (1981)
"" lineup (1984)

</doc>
<doc id="2887395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887395" title="David Smail">
David Smail

David Smail may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887403" title="Scipio Spinks">
Scipio Spinks

Scipio Ronald Spinks (born July 12, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) was a right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros and St. Louis Cardinals between 1969 and 1973. He was a promising prospect until injuries prematurely ended his career.
Life and sports.
Spinks graduated from Harlan High School in Chicago and was drafted by the Astros organization in 1966. That August, he set a record in the Northern League by striking out 20 batters in a game. In 1968, he went 9-6 with a 2.27 earned run average in the Carolina League. He was shuttled between Class AAA and the major league club for the next few seasons. The hard-throwing Spinks had control problems but also struck out an average of one batter per inning in the American Association.
In April 1972, Spinks was traded to the Cardinals for Jerry Reuss. He started the season with the major league club and pitched well. By midseason, he was third in the National League in strikeouts, behind only Steve Carlton and Tom Seaver. He had a 2.67 ERA.
His career was drastically altered by a play on July 4, 1972, when he ran into Cincinnati Reds catcher Johnny Bench in a collision at home plate. Spinks scored the run but tore ligaments in his right knee during the collision. He missed the rest of the season. In 1973, he pitched just eight games before coming down with a shoulder injury. He struggled in the minors and retired after the 1976 season.
After his playing career ended, Spinks became a scout and a pitching coach in the San Diego Padres and Houston Astros organizations. He currently lives in the Houston area with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="2887410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887410" title="Kasturba Medical College, Manipal">
Kasturba Medical College, Manipal

Kasturba Medical College (KMC) is a medical college based in Manipal, Udupi District Karnataka, India.
Established by Dr T.M.A. Pai on 30 June 1953, KMC was the first private sector medical college in India. The college started with only the pre-clinical section at Manipal and the students had to go to Mangalore for their clinical training. With the clinical program commenced at Manipal in 1969 with the setting up of Kasturba Hospital, it became a full-fledged independent college and Mangalore becoming a separate constituent college, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore.
KMC Manipal ranks among the top 10 medical colleges in India today. Students from 44 countries have graduated from KMC, and the medical degree (MBBS) is recognized worldwide, including by the General Medical Council and ECFMG.
Previously, KMC was under the purview of the Mangalore University. In 1993, the government of India granted Deemed University status to Manipal University (formerly known as MAHE) which saw KMC coming under its wing.
KMC has exchange programs with Loma Linda University, USA, Operation Eyesight Universal, Canada, Tayside University, Dundee, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, USA and Maastricht University, the Netherlands.
Location.
Manipal, home to Kasturba Medical College, is in the rocky hinterland of the Malabar Coast of southwest Karnataka, about 8 km from the Arabian Sea. The town gets its name from the Lake “Mannupalla” which has been anglicized to Manipal (“mannu” means mud and “palla” means stream in Tulu). On a plateau, a few kilometers from the temple town of Udupi, it commands a stunning view of the Arabian Sea to the west and the Western Ghats to the east.
It is a center of academic learning, healthcare, industry and finance. The township includes two universities, 24 professional colleges, affiliated institutes and numerous primary and high schools. It boasts of more than 90,000 students from over 30 countries thus being one of the most preferred choices of students, faculty and industry alike. Manipal University campus covers of land with 15,000 inhabitants and is built on laterite rock.
Accreditation.
The Medical Council of India granted recognition in 1958 with the first graduating batch of KMC. Recognition by the General Medical Council of Great Britain and the Malaysian Medical Council soon followed. It is recognized by a government of India order dated 29 September 2008. The physical facilities for research work and student amenities have been steadily developed over the years. Today the campus provides one of the finest environments for study in south Asia.
Rankings.
In 2013 India Today Rankings, it was ranked #9 among medical colleges in India Outlook India also ranked Kasturba Medical College, Manipal at #9 in 2012 The Health Sciences Library and the Anatomy and Pathology museums of KMC, Manipal are the largest of their kind in Asia.
Undergraduate courses.
Manipal University conducts its own entrance test, Manipal University Online Entrance Test (MUOET, a computer-based test) several times in the months of April and May (the candidates are allowed to select a date for their test) each year. Based on the marks obtained in the test, the university declares a merit list of all the candidates who have appeared for the entrance test. Admissions to the college's flagship MBBS program are done through this merit list.
Postgraduate courses.
MS.
The course is three years (the duration of MD and MS courses is two years for those with a two-year recognized diploma in the same specialty).
Post graduate medical diploma.
The duration of all PG diploma courses is two years.
Other courses include MSc Clinical Embryology, MSc Medical, and MSc Yoga Therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="2887422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887422" title="KTBZ-FM">
KTBZ-FM

KTBZ-FM, also known as 94.5 The Buzz, is an alternative rock radio station licensed to Houston, Texas with studios located in Houston at 2000 West Loop South, Suite 300, and with transmitter facilities located in Missouri City, Texas.
History.
This station first signed on the air on October 15, 1960 as KARO, then becoming KLEF with a classical music format in 1964. On March 13, 1986, the station became KJYY (Joy 94) with an adult contemporary format, then becoming KLDE in 1988 with an oldies format, branded as "Oldies 94.5".
The current format launched at 107.5 FM on October 31, 1994 at 11:00 am CDT. The station called itself "The New Rocket 107.5 - Houston's New Alternative", and changed its call sign to KRQT-FM. Under the direction of new general manager Pat Fant (formerly of KLOL-FM), the station re-launched its format in late May 1995 using the new call sign KTBZ-FM and the "107.5 The Buzz" slogan.
Before July 2000, KTBZ continued to broadcast on 107.5 FM. Due to a merger of Clear Channel Communications, Inc. and AMFM, Inc., and the need to stay within the FCC's station ownership cap, KLDE was sold to recent move-in Cox Radio and acquired the 107.5 frequency. Shortly after that, KTBZ announced that "The Buzz" would cease operations at 107.5 on July 18 and began a "Save the Buzz" campaign, sending Buzz listeners into a frenzy for information on the station's "impending demise". When the actual purpose of the campaign was discovered, an online forum maintained by KTBZ was shut down in order to try to keep the word from getting out as listeners began to post their findings. Still, this did not prevent listeners from distributing banners throughout Houston and painting "Save The Buzz" on their car windows. KTBZ staged a public rally, at which a representative from parent company Clear Channel Radio came to read a statement. The statement read, in part, that in response to public comments, The Buzz would be saved and moved to 94.5 FM, a much stronger signal, resulting in a "Bigger, Better Buzz".
Just before 8:00 pm CDT on July 18, 2000, KTBZ and KLDE each played a pre-recorded lead-in to the station switch. KLDE had their air staff riding in a transporter across the dial to 107.5 FM, while KTBZ led a one-minute countdown as they "faded" off of the 107.5 frequency. At exactly 8:00 pm, the stations simultaneously exchanged frequencies. KTBZ's montage led in with "Turn on the Juice!", while KLDE's air staff "crash-landed" on 107.5. Both stations celebrated the move with their own "Switch Parties", The Buzz presenting a free concert starring Stone Temple Pilots that was broadcast live from The Aerial Theater in downtown Houston on "The New 94.5 The Buzz". The remaining new station, "Oldies 107.5", marked the transition by playing 48 hours of non-stop music. This officially completed the "trade" in ownership.
KTBZ began transmitting its HD and HD2 digital signals in January 2006. KTBZ 94.5-2 HD2's current format is "94-5 The Rock, Houston's Rock Station", playing active and classic rock.
Staff and programming.
KTBZ begins its broadcasting day at 6 am with The Rod Ryan Show, hosted by Rod Ryan and co-hosted by Dinah Powers, Jessica DeBate, and Doug Faulk. Features of "The Rod Ryan Show" include "Sex, Jail, Blood or Fame," where listeners recount their weekend activities in regard to sexual adventures, arrests, horrific injuries, or encounters with celebrities, and "Free Beer Friday," where a case of beer is given away to a caller every hour. "The Rod Ryan Show" has made many altruistic contributions to the greater Houston community, beginning with the organization of the Houston Dodgeball Association, also known as HODA. Once The Rod Ryan Show arrived at The Buzz in morning-drive, the station's once-waning numbers jumped significantly.
Immediately following "The Rod Ryan Show" is "The Midday Show," hosted by Theresa every Monday through Friday from 10:00 am until 3:00 pm. The "All Request Nooner" is broadcast from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm and features songs requested by the radio audience via e-mail and social media such as Twitter and Facebook. "The Midday Show" also celebrates "Concert T-Shirt Friday," when once a week Theresa encourages her listeners to wear their favorite concert apparel, photos of which she posts on the station's website. 
Following Theresa is ,A.D. who hosts the drive-time slot from 3:00 pm until 7:00 pm. 
Former weekend/fill-in DJ Karah Leigh now hosts Monday through Friday nights 7:00 pm to 12:00 am. 
Former airstaff includes:Don Jantzen, Travis Golightly,Zakk United, Phil Fenix, "Just Plain" Mark Sutherland, Lanny Griffith (later of KRIV FOX 26), Lisa Kendall, Mark Wiggins, "Shark", Ken Fusion, Brian Blades, Geno Pearson (formerly of KNRJ co-host of Alternative Static), John Leach, David Sadof, Jarod Frank, Steve Robison, Daniel "Cruze" Behring, Ken Hoffman, Mr. Randy, Johnny Maze, Graeme Nistler, Will Pendarvis, Derek Nelson, Rex Oates, "The Whipping Boy", Pam Kelly, Eric Schmidt (DJ), "D-Day", Jeff McMurray, Jerry Rohira, Cindy Bennett, Carol Kennedy, Lauren.
BuzzFest.
Initially, once a year, KTBZ-FM promotes a live concert called the Buzz Festival, although now known as Buzzfest. In 2001, Buzzfest moved to twice a year, with one show in the Spring and the other taking place in the Fall of each year.
Buzzfest performers:
1995: Bush, Our Lady Peace, Matthew Sweet, No Use for a Name, Ned's Atomic Dustbin, The Nixon's, Maids of Gravity, Face to Face, POL, Phunk Junkeez
1996: Toadies, The Hunger, God Lives Under Water, The Nixon's, Lush, 22 Brides, Atticus Finch, Poe, Too Much Joy, Modern English
1997: Matchbox Twenty, Silverchair, Buck O' Nine, Cowboy Mouth, 7 Mary 3, Abra Moore, Artificial Joy Club, Old 97's
1998: Spacehog, Foo Fighters, Our Lady Peace, Creed, The Hunger, Black Lab, Big Wreck, Mighty Joe Plumb, Cool for August, Athenaeum, Los Skarnales, Riverfenix, Bluebird, Train in Vain, Face Plant
1999: Collective Soul, Eve 6, Better than Ezra, The Flys, Soul Coughing, Sponge, Jude, My Friend Steve, Tin Star, Chlorine, Lit, Tommy Hendrickson, Train, GPR
2000: Third Eye Blind, Lit, Tonic, The Flys, Oleander, Stroke 9, Owlsey, Radford, Stir, Frankie Machine, Peter Searcy, Papa Roach, Joe 90, Mars Electric
2001 - Spring: Offspring, Linkin Park, Eve 6, Train, Oleander, Orgy, Spacehog, Dust for Life, Dexter Freebish, Electracy, Lucky Boys Confusion
2001 - Fall: Fuel, Nickelback, Saliva, Alien Ant Farm, Tantric, Joy Drop, The Calling, Remy Zero, Bliss 66, 8 Stops 7, Default, Transmatic, Apex Theory, Pressure 4-5
2002 - Spring: P.O.D., Puddle of Mudd, Sum 41, Drowning Pool, Unwritten Law, Adema, Gravity Kills, Pressure 4-5, Earshot, Mest, Course of Nature, Abandoned Pools, Trik Turner, 30 Seconds to Mars
2002 - Fall: Everclear, Boxcar Racer, Hoobastank, Saliva, Earshot, Greenwheel, Sugarcult, Seether, Audiovent, OK Go, The Used, The Exies, H2O, Hometown Hero
2003 - Spring: Godsmack, Stone Sour, Seether, Taproot, Evanescence, The Used, Maroon 5, The Exies, Powerman 5000, All American Rejects, Breaking Benjamin, Trapt, Systematic, Skrape, Off by One, RA
2003 - Fall: Staind, Fuel, Trapt, The Ataris, Eve 6, Alien Ant Farm, Fountains of Wayne, Vendetta Red, Static X, Smile Empty Soul, Socialburn, Switchfoot, Billy Talent, Yellowcard, 3 Days Grace
2004 - Spring: Puddle of Mudd, Trapt, Hoobastank, Sevendust, Everlast, 3 Days Grace, Thrice, Lo Pro, Thornley, IMA Robot, Strata, Cold, Drowning Pool, Smile Empty Soul, Finger Eleven, Lost Prophets, Marcy Playground
2004 - Fall: Velvet Revolver, Chevelle, Seether, Shinedown, Breaking Benjamin, Story of the Year, Riddlin Kids, Papa Roach, Authority Zero, Earshot, Skindred, The Exies, My Chemical Romance, Burden Brothers, The Vanished
2005 - Spring: 3 Doors Dopwn, Mudvayne, Trust Company, The Used, Wakefield, Papa Roach, Unwritten Law, Alter Bridge, No Address, Snow Patrol, Sum 41, Breaking Benjamin, Theory of a Deadman, The Exies, Glass Intrepid
2005 - Fall Buzzfest was supposed to be held at Minute Maid Park, but because the Houston Astros advanced to the 2005 World Series that was held at the same time, it was moved to the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion in The Woodlands. This turned out to be a major problem for the public, because the Woodlands could not honor the tickets sold for Minute Maid Park. Fans had to turn in their Minute Maid Park tickets for refunds, and then make the additional effort to purchase Woodlands tickets, with the change of venue announced less than one week before the concert. Performers were: Audioslave, Nickelback, Seether, Cold, 10 Years, Institute, 30 Seconds to Mars, Hinder, Boys Night Out, Fallout Boy, Bloodhound Gang, Yellowcard, Coheed & Cambria, Vaux, Dredg, The Starting Line, Motion City Soundtrack, Panic! At the Disco
2006 - Spring: Staind, Shinedown, Blue October, 10 Years, Evans Blue, People in Plains, Huck Johns, Hoobastank, Trapt, Three Days Grace, Hinder, Buckcherry, Candlebox, Bril, Hurt
2006 - Fall: Alice in Chains, Breaking Benjamin, Lostprophets, Panic Channel, Hurt, 18 Visions, Stone Sour, Evans Blue, Crossfade, Everclear, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, OK Go, Boys Like Girls
2007 - Spring: Seether, Puddle of Mudd, Three Days Grace, Papa Roach, Hinder, Jet, Chevelle, Smile Empty Soul, Blue October, Buckcherry, Finger Eleven, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Saosin, The Exies, The Vanished, Autovein
2007 - Fall: Smashing Pumpkins, Finger Eleven, Chris Cornell, Earshot, Evanescence, The Bravery, Evans Blue, The Starting Line, Alter Bridge, Sick Puppies, Sum 41, Fair to Midland, Fuel
BuzzFest XXII was scheduled for October 26, 2008. The extensive artist lineup included such names as The Offspring, Staind, Seether, Papa Roach, Puddle of Mudd, 10 Years and more. However, due to extensive damage to the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion caused by Hurricane Ike, the show was forced to be canceled.
Awards.
In 2007, the station was nominated for the top 25 markets Alternative station of the year award by Radio & Records magazine.
Other nominees included WBCN in Boston, Massachusetts, KROQ-FM in Los Angeles, KITS, in San Francisco, KNDD in Seattle, Washington, and WWDC in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="2887436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887436" title="Rubber Factory">
Rubber Factory

Rubber Factory is the third studio album by American rock duo The Black Keys. It was self-produced by the band and was released on September 7, 2004 on Fat Possum Records. The album was recorded in an abandoned tire-manufacturing factory in the group's hometown of Akron, Ohio. "Rubber Factory" received positive reviews and was the band's first album to chart on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States, reaching number 143.
Recording and production.
The Black Keys recorded their first two studio albums in drummer Patrick Carney's basement. For their third studio album, the band was forced to find a new recording location, as the building that Carney lived in was sold by its landlord. They decided to set up a makeshift studio in a dilapidated factory in their hometown of Akron, Ohio that was previously used by General Tire to manufacture rubber tires. The band rented the entire second floor of the building for $500 per month, dubbing their workspace "Sentient Sound". General Tire closed the factory in 1982, though space in the building was still being leased out at the time of recording. Of the factory, Carney said it was "not really ideal in any way. It's too far away. It's on the second story. It's hot as hell. You can't open the windows. The acoustics are horrible." For recording, the group used a mixing console that Carney purchased on eBay from a former sound technician for Canadian rock band Loverboy. Frequent malfunctions with the console stretched the sessions nearly five months; the group ultimately ditched the console in the factory after completing "Rubber Factory". The album was recorded on recycled tape provided by the band's record label Fat Possum from its studios in Mississippi.
Carney said of the experience:
Carney stated the factory had been removed in 2010. The factory was located on the west side of Route 8's Howe Road exit ramp. The vacant lot in which the factory used to stand appears on the cover of the band's 2011 single "Lonely Boy".
Packaging.
The sleeve artwork for "Rubber Factory" was designed by the group's creative director Michael Carney, the brother of Patrick Carney. The artwork is a collage of "'historic' local features, mainly from the desolate east side of —abandoned storefronts, defunct smokestacks, tire piles, the Goodyear blimp."
Promotion.
The song "When the Lights Go Out" was used in the film "Black Snake Moan". Additionally, the song "10 A.M. Automatic" was featured in an American Express commercial, in the movie "Live Free or Die", in the soundtrack for "" and in the movie "The Go-Getter"; this motion picture also features "Keep Me". Their version of "Grown So Ugly" can be heard during the party scene in the movie "Cloverfield". "Girl Is on My Mind" was used on a commercial for Sony Ericsson mobile phones, as well as a Victoria's Secret commercial. "Stack Shot Billy" was performed on "Late Show with David Letterman".
Reception.
"Rubber Factory" received positive reviews from critics. According to review aggregator website Metacritic, the album received an average critic score of 81/100. James Hunter of "The Washington Post" said that the album "capitalizes richly on whatever it exactly was that caused the rock- and-roll commentariat to adopt band in the first place as college-dropout makers of new indie-rock blues". In an enthusiastic article, David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album an "A" and wrote six variations of a review for the album. He called it a "lo-fi version of classic-rock boogie—done by utterly earnest indie-rock nerds, and done the right way" and said that "the Keys had bested not only themselves but just about everyone else in rock this year". In a three-star review, Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone" described the album as "high-impact scuzz-blues that aims for prime Hendrix and almost gets there, thanks mostly to Dan Auerbach's thick-ass guitar lines", but said that it was missing fully formed songs. Jonathan Zwickel of Pitchfork Media gave the record an 8.3/10, writing that, "There's more of an album feel to "Rubber Factory", a conscious song-by-song progression rather than the visceral, overwhelming vibe that forged their debut, "The Big Come Up", into a seething wrecking ball."
The album was the group's first to chart on the "Billboard" 200, reaching number 143. After the commercial success of their 2011 studio album "El Camino", "Rubber Factory" re-entered the chart in May 2012, peaking at number 131.

</doc>
<doc id="2887437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887437" title="Rocky Balboa (film)">
Rocky Balboa (film)

Rocky Balboa (also known as Rocky VI) is the sixth installment in the Rocky franchise, written, directed by, and starring Sylvester Stallone who reprises his role as the title character. The sixth film in the "Rocky" series that began with the Academy Award-winning "Rocky" thirty years earlier in 1976, the film portrays Balboa in retirement, a widower living in Philadelphia, and the owner and operator of a local Italian restaurant called "Adrian's", named after his late wife.
"Rocky Balboa" was produced as another sequel to the Academy Award-winning "Rocky". According to Stallone, he was "negligent" in the production of "Rocky V", leaving him and many of the fans disappointed with the presumed end of the series. Stallone also mentioned that the storyline of "Rocky Balboa" parallels his own struggles and triumphs in recent times.
In addition to Stallone, the film stars Burt Young as Paulie, Rocky's brother-in-law, and real-life boxer Antonio Tarver as Mason "The Line" Dixon, the current World Heavyweight Champion in the film. Boxing promoter Lou DiBella plays himself in the movie and acts as Dixon's promoter in the film. Milo Ventimiglia plays Rocky's son Robert, now an adult. It also features the return of two minor characters from the original movie into larger roles in this film: Marie, the young woman that Rocky attempts to steer away from trouble; and Spider Rico, the first opponent that Rocky is shown fighting in the original film. The film also holds many references to people and objects from previous instalments in the series, especially the first.
The film was released on December 20, 2006, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios. It exceeded box office expectations and critical reaction was positive. The film was released in several formats for its home media release, and DVD sales have exceeded $34 million.
Plot.
In 2006, Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone), in his late fifties and retired from boxing for sixteen years, lives a quiet life as a widower. His wife Adrian Pennino Balboa (Talia Shire) had died from cancer in 2002. He runs a small but very successful Italian restaurant named after her, where he regales his patrons with stories of his past. He also battles personal demons involving his grief over Adrian's death, the changing times, and his eroding relationship with his son Robert (Milo Ventimiglia), a struggling corporate employee. Paul "Paulie" Pennino (Burt Young), Rocky's brother-in-law and longtime friend, continues to support him whenever he can. Late one night, Rocky reunites with a much older "Little" Marie (Geraldine Hughes), a once mischievous neighborhood girl (whom he first met in "Rocky") now working as a bartender at the Lucky Seven, a tavern Rocky once frequented in the mid-1970s, and a single parent of a teenaged son born out of wedlock: Stephenson, nicknamed "Steps" (James Francis Kelly III). Rocky's friendship with the two quickly blossoms over the following weeks, and Steps takes to him as a father figure.
Meanwhile on the professional boxing circuit, Mason "The Line" Dixon (Antonio Tarver) reigns as the undisputed world heavyweight champion. ESPN broadcasts a computer simulation of a fight between Rocky (in his prime) and Mason — likened to a modern-day version of The Super Fight — which ends in a controversial KO victory for Balboa, riling the champ. In contrast, the simulation inspires Rocky to take up boxing again — an intention that goes public when he successfully renews his license. Dixon's promoters pitch the idea of holding a charity exhibition bout at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas to bolster Dixon's falling popularity. With some hesitation, both men agree to the match, creating a media buzz that stabs at Rocky's has-been status and Dixon's credibility; Dixon having yet to face a challenging opponent. Robert later makes an effort to discourage Rocky from fighting, blaming his own personal failings on his father's celebrity shadow, but Rocky rebukes him with some advice: that to succeed in life, "it ain't about how hard you hit; it's about how hard you can "get" hit, and keep moving forward", and that blaming others won't help him. The next day, father and son meet over Adrian's grave and reconcile; Robert has quit his job to be at Rocky's side. Rocky sets straight to training with Apollo Creed's old trainer Duke (Tony Burton) who quickly surmises that the slow and arthritic Rocky can only compete by building his strength and punching power as much as possible.
The fight becomes an HBO Pay-per-View event with Michael Buffer as the ring announcer. Dixon easily dominates the first round only to injure his left hand against Rocky's hip in the second, after which Rocky makes a dramatic comeback: he manages to knock Dixon down once and then continues to surprise the audience with his prowess and chin against the much younger and faster fighter. Dixon sends Rocky to one knee in the final round, but the elder fighter pulls himself to his feet for one last assault. The two opponents then continue to punish each other severely throughout the remainder of the final round, ending with the two fighters both still standing. Rocky thanks an appreciative Dixon for the fight and leaves the ring to the adulation of the crowd as the result is announced: Dixon winning by split decision.
In the closing shot, Rocky returns home and visits Adrian's grave again; thanking her for helping him.
Cast.
Talia Shire's character Adrian Balboa was in the first few drafts of the script, then titled "Rocky VI: Puncher's Chance". At this point, the story revolved around Rocky running a local gym for youths. However, Stallone felt that the film lacked the necessary emotional impact it needed. So, he and Shire came to an agreement that her character would be best left out of the film, as this would create an emotional chasm for Rocky from the very first moment of the film. To ensure that fans did not think she had been written out of the film because of a dispute with Stallone or because she refused to be in it, Shire made a public statement supporting Stallone's decision to kill off the character.
Production.
Budget and timeline.
Filming began in December 2005 in Las Vegas, Nevada. In 2006, it moved to Los Angeles, California and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The production budget on the 38-day shoot was projected to be $24 million. The film was scheduled for release during the President's Day holiday in 2007, but was moved up to right before Christmas 2006. In late March 2006, the first movie teaser was released on the Internet. The full-length trailer accompanied the theatrical release of "" on July 7 in select theaters.
Casting.
The film gives nods to previous installments via the casting. The most obvious is the return of Stallone, Young, and Burton: the only actors to portray the same characters in all six installments. Tarver's appearance in the film marks the sixth time an active professional boxer has appeared in the series. Previously, Joe Frazier ("Rocky"), Pedro Lovell ("Rocky"), Roberto Durán ("Rocky II"), Tommy Morrison ("Rocky V"), and Michael Williams ("Rocky V") have appeared in the series. Stallone initially wanted Roy Jones, Jr. to portray Dixon, but after Jones did not return Stallone's phone calls, he tapped Antonio Tarver to fill the role. 
The character of Marie appeared in the original "Rocky"; she was portrayed by Jodi Letizia. For the final film, Marie is portrayed by Geraldine Hughes. (Although Letizia did reprise the role for "Rocky V", the sole scene in which she appeared was deleted. In it, Marie was homeless on the streets of Philadelphia.) Another recognizable character who appeared in the previous five films, sportscaster Stu Nahan, provided the commentary for the computer-generated fight between Dixon and Balboa. Nahan was part of the ringside commentary team during all the bouts in the first three films and the Apollo Creed/Ivan Drago fight in "Rocky IV"; he was then one of the members of the press, seen asking questions to Rocky upon return from Russia in "Rocky V" at the start of the movie, and then again towards the end with new champion Tommy Gunn. He was diagnosed with lymphoma during the "Rocky Balboa" filming, though, and died on December 26, 2007. Finally, Pedro Lovell, who portrayed Spider Rico in the original film, returns to the role in "Rocky Balboa" as a guest and later employee at Rocky's restaurant.
A number of sports personalities portray themselves. Jim Lampley, Larry Merchant, and Max Kellerman comprise the ringside broadcast team (all three are commentators for "HBO Boxing"). Sportswriters such as Bert Sugar, Bernard Fernandez and Steve Springer also appear. As for actual boxers, Mike Tyson (who had retired by the film's release) makes a cameo appearance, taunting Dixon as the fighter enters the ring. Lou DiBella, a real-life boxing promoter, portrays himself as Dixon's promoter. Several of ESPN's personalities also portray themselves. "SportsCenter" anchor (and "Friday Night Fights" host) Brian Kenny is the host of the fictional "Then and Now" series, while "Cold Pizza" and "1st and 10" hosts Jay Crawford, Dana Jacobson, Skip Bayless, and Woody Paige also appear. Ring announcer Michael Buffer appeared as himself, as did referee Joe Cortez.
Regarding his decision not to have Shire reprise her role as Adrian, Stallone told "USA Today" that, "in the original script, she was alive. But it just didn't have the same dramatic punch. I thought, 'What if she's gone?' That would cut Rocky's heart out and drop him down to ground zero". Shire herself said that, in her view, "The film has great regard for the process of mourning. Sly utilizes mourning to empower Rocky, and Adrian is made very mythical."
Inconsistencies.
Continuity.
A plot element from the fifth film is not addressed in "Rocky Balboa"'s plot. In the previous film, Rocky was diagnosed with brain damage and advised never to fight again. Stallone clarified this apparent inconsistency in an interview, remarking:
"When Rocky was diagnosed with brain damage, it must be noted that many athletes have a form of brain damage including football players, soccer players, and other individuals in contact sports such as rugby, etc. Rocky never went for a second opinion and yielded to his wife's wishes to stop. So with the advent of new research techniques into brain damage, Rocky was found to be normal among fighters, and he was suffering the results of a severe concussion. By today's standards Rocky Balboa would be given a clean bill of health for fighters."
Alternate ending.
While in the original theatrical screenplay, at the end of the match, Rocky loses by split decision(mirroring the ending of the original Rocky), in the alternative ending, the last (and the third) judge's decision goes in favor of Rocky, making him the winner. The speaker starts "and still..." for which Dixon enthuses while he continues "still... the Philadelphia champion Rocky Balboa...". Dixon's crew boos while the crowd roars. Further part is same as in the original.
Cinematography and fight choreography.
While the dramatic portions of the movie are shot in an obviously cinematic style, the bout between Balboa and Dixon is shot in a number of different ways. The lead-in to the bout, as well as the first two rounds, are shot in a style similar to a major pay-per-view broadcast. Clips from fights in previous "Rocky" movies are used during the introductory teaser to introduce Balboa, while stock footage from actual Tarver fights, as well as footage from Dixon's previous fight (shown at the beginning of the film) are used as clips for Dixon's part of the teaser. The fight itself was shot in high definition to further enhance the TV-style look of the fight.
After the first two rounds, the bout is shot in a more "cinematic" style, reminiscent of the way the fights in the other "Rocky" films were shot. However, unlike the other films in the series, the fight is less choreographed and more improvised than previous installments and is closer to an actual boxing match than a choreographed fight. This is a departure from the previous films, where every punch, feint, and step was carefully scripted and practiced.
According to the behind-the-scenes documentary portions of the film's DVD, there were slight continuity problems during the filming of the fight. This was said to have been due to the fact that real punches were thrown by both Stallone and Tarver, resulting in some swelling and nosebleeds earlier than scripted. The DVD release features an alternate ending in which Rocky wins the fight (also by a split decision).
Music.
Composed by Academy Award winner Bill Conti, the "Rocky Balboa" film score is both an updated composition of "Rocky" music and a tribute to the music that has been featured in previous "Rocky" films. Conti, who has acted as composer on every "Rocky" film except "Rocky IV" (which was instead helmed by Vince DiCola when Conti had other commitments at the time), chose to compose the score almost entirely from musical themes used in the previous movies. Only one original theme was written specifically for "Rocky Balboa", which is the theme written to represent the character of Marie.
The roughly 40-minute score was recorded in the summer of 2006 at Capitol Studios in Hollywood, California. Conti chose to pre-record the string, brass, and piano tracks and then have those tracks mixed with the work of a 44-piece orchestra which he conducted. He also performed all of the piano work himself which is something he has done with each movie for which he has composed the score. Stallone also was involved in every part of the process and attended several of the recording sessions.
In addition to the score, the film features original tracks performed by Natasha Bedingfield, Three 6 Mafia, and Frank Stallone as well as classic tracks such as Frank Sinatra's "High Hopes" and The Miracles' "Ooh Baby Baby". Of the original tracks, the most significant is the Diane Warren song "Still Here", performed by Bedingfield, which was reported to be the film's theme in early articles. Though it is still listed in the credits, the song was dropped from the film.
Distribution.
"Rocky Balboa" represents a partnership between Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Revolution Studios, and Columbia Pictures (Columbia's corporate parent Sony holds a 20% stake in MGM). Since the "Rocky" series was originally produced and distributed by United Artists (now MGM's subsidiary studio), the partners jointly decided that the film could and should take advantage of MGM's newly reinvigorated domestic distribution apparatus. 20th Century Fox handles its theatrical and DVD distributions outside of the United States and Canada, while Sony Pictures Home Entertainment handled its American and Canadian video distributions. Television syndication rights are held by Debmar-Mercury and 20th Television under license from Revolution. In the Philippines and Switzerland, Fox released the film through joint ventures with Warner Bros. Entertainment. In Japan, the film was promoted by Fox as "Rocky: The Final". It opened across Japan on April 20, 2007.
Home release.
"Rocky Balboa" is available in three formats: Blu-ray Disc, DVD, and UMD. It was released in Region 1 on March 20 and Region 2 on May 21, 2007. The film has made $35,622,998 in DVD sales. Features on the Blu-ray Disc and DVD include: Deleted scenes along with an alternate ending, bloopers, a commentary, and several featurettes. In addition, the Blu-ray version features all of the DVD's content in 1080p high definition video.
Video game.
On December 13, 2006, it was officially announced by Ubisoft and MGM that a new "Rocky" video game, titled "Rocky Balboa", was to be made exclusively for the PlayStation Portable handheld console. It was released on March 20, 2007, to coincide with the Blu-ray and DVD release. It received mostly negative reviews.
Reaction.
Box office.
The film was an unexpected box office success and exceeded studio expectations, grossing over three times the opening night estimates of (at best) $2,000,000 and doing so despite a harsh spell of winter weather. The film not only finished third in its opening weekend, grossing $12,540,000, but eventually became Stallone's most successful starring role since 1993's "Cliffhanger" and the sixth highest grossing boxing film of all time, topped only by the first "Rocky" through "IV" and Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby". Total U.S. box office gross receipts were $70,269,899 while the international gross stands at $85,449,806, making for a total worldwide gross of $155,721,132.
Critical response.
The film was well received by critics and fans alike. The film garners a "Certified Fresh" rating of 76% on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on a sample of 175 reviews, with an average score of 6.5/10. At the website Metacritic, which utilizes a normalized rating system, the film earned a favorable rating of 63/100 based on 33 reviews by mainstream critics.
On the television show "Ebert & Roeper", both Richard Roeper and guest reviewer Aisha Tyler gave the film a "thumbs up" rating. Among other positive reviews were those from "Variety", David Edelstien of "New York" magazine, Ethan Alter of "Premiere Magazine", Victoria Alexander of Filmsinreview.com, Jeanne Aufmuth of "Palo Alto Weekly", Brett Buckalew of "Filmstew.com", "The Hollywood Reporter", and Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly".
Some criticism came from Christy Lemire, who described the film as self-parody. Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" also criticized the film's premise as implausible and derivative, and the plot development as cursory. Colm Andrew of the "Manx Independent" said the film "captures the look and feel of the first "Rocky" but becomes too much of a sentimental homage" and overall "there is little point in joining Stallone on this ultimately dull nostalgia trip".
Stallone was quoted as having told reporters that he would rather "do something that he enjoyed badly, than feel bad about not doing something he enjoyed."
The film was greeted warmly by the majority of the boxing community, with many experts believing the Rocky character is still a key symbol of the sport and that the boxing scenes were the most realistic of any film. On the DVD, Stallone attributes this to the fact that he used realistic sound effects (the previous installments had become notorious for their unrealistic and loud sounds of punches landing) and the fact that both Stallone and Tarver threw real punches at each other.
Soundtrack.
Whether the film "Rocky Balboa" has a soundtrack is subject to some debate. On December 26, 2006, Capitol Records released a CD titled "" which had a logo and cover art that was identical to the film's theatrical poster.
The CD itself contains short dialogue clips and musical tracks, some of which are remixes, from all the "Rocky" films. Notable though is that only three of its nineteen total tracks are from the "Rocky Balboa" film: Two dialogue tracks and the Three 6 Mafia song "It's a Fight" (The UK version contains the additional track "Still Here" by Natasha Bedingfield). This has led some to categorize the CD as a compilation while others suggest that it is a soundtrack and that the use of past material simply reflects the film's extensive use of flashbacks.
Relevant to this debate is the absence of any compositions by "Rocky IV" composer Vince DiCola, except for the song "Hearts on Fire", co-written by DiCola, Ed Fruge and Joe Esposito. DiCola is the only person, other than Bill Conti, to act as composer on a "Rocky" film and his work was used extensively on the 1991 compilation CD "The Rocky Story: Songs from the Rocky Movies". The missing DiCola tracks are the only tracks on the 1991 CD that are not present on the new CD which indicates an effort to use only "Rocky Balboa" composer Conti's tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="2887446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887446" title="Aquae Cutiliae">
Aquae Cutiliae

Aquae Cutiliae is a mineral spring in Italy, near the modern Cittaducale, 9 miles east of Rieti. The lake near it was supposed by classical writers to be the central point of Italy, and was renowned for its floating islands, which, as in other cases, were formed from the partial petrification of plants by the mineral substances contained in the water. Considerable remains of baths may still be seen there—they were apparently resorted to by Roman Emperors Vespasian and Titus late in their lifetimes, for both died there.

</doc>
<doc id="2887451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887451" title="Ningi, Queensland">
Ningi, Queensland

Ningi is an area in the Caboolture District which comprises a small village size settlement north of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia. It is surrounded by developments ranging from acreage to half acre blocks many of which are classified as rural residential as well as rural properties and state forests. It boasts a Medieval festival, WWII bunkers and an Aboriginal Bora ring. The origin of the suburb's name is from the Aboriginal Ningi Ningi group.
The main township of Ningi is located on Bribie Island Road. At the northern area of Ningi is a housing estate called Bribie Pines, mostly inhabited by the elderly. There are two other housing estates in the area: Grey Gums Estate located on the road out to Godwin Beach, and the newly developed Sandstone Lakes.
A vacuum sewerage system was installed by the Caboolture Shire (now Moreton Bay Regional) Council in 1998 to replace the septic systems originally used.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Ningi is 3,687, 50.2% female and 49.8% male.
The median/average age of the Ningi population is 37 years of age,
76.4% of people living in Ningi were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 5.7%, New Zealand 4.2%, Scotland 0.8%, Germany 0.6%, Papua New Guinea 0.5%.
90.9% of people speak English as their first language 0.3% Italian, 0.2% Afrikaans, 0.2% Dutch, 0.2% Mandarin, 0.2% Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="2887461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887461" title="Wishbone (computer bus)">
Wishbone (computer bus)

The Wishbone Bus is an open source hardware computer bus intended to let the parts of an integrated circuit communicate with each other. The aim is to allow the connection of differing cores to each other inside of a chip. The Wishbone Bus is used by many designs in the OpenCores project.
A large number of open-source designs for CPUs and auxiliary computer peripherals have now been released with Wishbone interfaces. Many can be found at OpenCores, a foundation that attempts to make open-source hardware designs available.
Wishbone is intended as a "logic bus". It does not specify electrical information or the bus topology. Instead, the specification is written in terms of "signals", clock cycles, and high and low levels.
This ambiguity is intentional. Wishbone is made to let designers combine several designs written in Verilog, VHDL or some other logic-description language for electronic design automation. Wishbone provides a standard way for designers to combine these hardware logic designs (called "cores").
Wishbone is defined to have 8, 16, 32, and 64-bit buses. All signals are synchronous to a single clock but some slave responses must be generated combinatorially for maximum performance. Wishbone permits addition of a "tag bus" to describe the data. But reset, simple addressed reads and writes, movement of blocks of data, and indivisible bus cycles all work without tags.
Wishbone is open source, which makes it easy for engineers and hobbyists to share public domain designs for hardware logic on the Internet. To prevent preemption of its technologies by aggressive patenting, the Wishbone specification includes examples of prior art, to prove its concepts are in the public domain.
A device does not "conform" to the Wishbone specification unless it includes a "data sheet" that describes what it does, bus width, utilization, etc. Promoting reuse of a design requires the data sheet. Making a design reusable in turn makes it easier to share with others.
Wishbone Topologies.
Wishbone adapts well to common topologies such as point-to-point, many-to-many (i.e. the classic bus system), hierarchical, or even switched fabrics such as crossbar switches. In the more exotic topologies, Wishbone requires a bus controller or arbiter, but devices still maintain the same interface.
Comparisons.
"Wishbone Control Signals Compared to Other SOC Bus Standards"

</doc>
<doc id="2887465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887465" title="Kent Tong">
Kent Tong

Kent Tong Chun-yip also known as Ken Tong, Kenneth Tong (Traditional - 湯鎮業 Simplified - 汤镇业）was born on 29 September 1958 in Hong Kong, China. He was a popular Television Broadcast TVB actor during the 1980s in Hong Kong.
Kent Tong received actor training from the TVB Artist Training Class, and proceeded to act for TVB. Although he has appeared in over a dozen movies, he is mostly known for his work in TVB television series, such as "Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils" 1982 . Tong often undertook roles as princes and villains in TVB dramas. During the 1980s, Kent Tong, along with Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, Andy Lau, Michael Miu and Felix Wong became the "Five Tiger Generals of TVB". They were widely considered the most popular male actors of TVB at the time.
Kent Tong was in a relationship with Barbara Yung in the early 1980s. Tong received negative publicity due to the rumors surrounding Yung's suicide.
Kent Tong is appointed as a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference representing Guangdong Province since December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2887466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887466" title="California State Route 132">
California State Route 132

State Route 132 is a route in the Central Valley that leads to the Sierra Nevada foothills and the California Gold Country. It also connects the city of Modesto with the San Francisco Bay Area via I-580, although this route is discouraged due to it being a two-lane road between Modesto (Maze Boulevard in the city of Modesto) and Interstate 5 (Motorists are instead encouraged to take SR 120 in Manteca to I-5 and I-205 to I-580.) East of Modesto, the road climbs the foothills and finally ends at SR 49. Portions between I-5 and I-580 is a four-lane freeway, and there are plans to upgrade the portion between SR 99 and I-5 to an expressway. Route 132 is a two lane road important to recreational travelers en route to Modesto Reservoir, Turlock Reservoir, Don Pedro Reservoir and the Sierra Nevada foothills.
The city-built "Kansas-Needham Overhead", connecting Kansas Avenue and Needham Street over the Union Pacific Railroad's Fresno Subdivision in Modesto, is aligned for a future connection to a SR 132 expressway west of Modesto.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
The route begins in San Joaquin County at Interrstate 580. It then heads eastward and soon stops as a freeway. After an interchange with Interstate 5 and SR 33, it enters Stanislaus County, where it intersects CR J3. It then heads eastward through the city of Modesto, where it intersects SR 99 and SR 108. At the east side of the city, it has a very short concurrency with CR J7 as it exits Modesto and enters Empire. As it exits Empire, it intersects numerous county roads as it exits Stanislaus County and enters Tuolumne County. After several miles, it exits Tuolumne County and enters Mariposa County, California, reaching its east end at California State Route 49 in Coulterville. 
History.
The route was established in 1934 from modern day SR 33 to SR 49; in 1959 it was extended west to I-5, and in 1963 to the present-day western terminus at I-580.
A major accident occurred on March 5, 1983, when a collision involving a patrol car and another car with three Secret Service agents inside occurred, killing all three Secret Service agents. This was due to the unusual curve that the road takes on near the end of its course in Mariposa County, created in order to support the hills of the Sierra Nevada. The patrol car was hired for a visit that Queen Elizabeth II was planning to Yosemite National Park in March 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2887468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887468" title="Binzhou">
Binzhou

Binzhou () is a prefecture-level city in northern Shandong province, People's Republic of China. Sitting on the northern bank of the Yellow River with two arms extended to the southern bank, Binzhou borders the provincial capital of Jinan to the southwest, Dezhou to the west, Zibo to the south, Dongying to the east, and the province of Hebei to the north. The city also has a short coastline bordering the Bohai Bay.
Humans have been living in the area around Binzhou since the Neolithic era. It was called “Pugu country” in the Shang Dynasty, and was a county in the Qin Dynasty. It was first called Binzhou in era of the Five Dynasties because it borders the Bohai Sea. Nowadays, it has more than 3.7 million inhabitants. The major Industries are based on oil, chemicals and textiles.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Binzhou administers 7 county-level divisions, including 1 district and 6 counties.
Prior to 1983, both Binzhou and neighboring Dongying were not considered large or developed enough to be incorporated into cities. Instead, they formed a "di qu" (literally, a "region") managed by the provincial government. BinZhou used to be named Huimin Prefecture (惠民地区) before it was renamed to BinZhou Prefecture in 1984 and promoted to a prefecture-level city in 1992.
Climate.
Binzhou has a monsoon-influenced humid continental climate (Köppen "Dwa"), with four well-defined seasons. Conditions are warm and nearly rainless in spring, hot and humid in summer, crisp in autumn and cold and dry in winter. More than half of the annual precipitation occurs in July and August alone; snow occasionally falls during winter, though heavy falls are very rare.
Economy.
Binzhou, and neighboring Dongying, has historically had an agrarian economy. Binzhou is known regionally for its "dongzao" (literally, winter dates). After the Shengli Field was discovered, most of the field was incorporated into newly created Dongying, although Binzhou maintain some oil operations. Binzhou has been diversifying its economy away from agriculture by attracting manufacturing and foreign direct investment into the city. Among Binzhou's large businesses include Weiqiao, a textile company, and Binzhou Pride, a new auto company targeting the growing low-cost market. [http://pldqc.wyww.cn/
The Binzhou local government has also plowed resources into a new economic development zone on the outskirts of the new city, complete with a man-made lake. [http://www.chinabinzhou.net/t09english/development/binzhou.asp]
Binzhou's role in pet food crisis.
In April 2007, Binzhou made international headlines when Binzhou Futian Biology Technology, in Wudi County, was identified by US officials as one of two sources of contaminated wheat gluten in the 2007 pet food recalls. Shortly after, the company was shuttered by Chinese authorities, who also detained its general manager.
Reform.
In 2004, the Binzhou government implemented Democratic Political Discussion Day, held on the 5th of each month. Under this scheme, every village-level government on this day is required to hold "open debate" and conference for villagers (essentially a town hall). At these meetings, a monthly financial report is presented, highlighting past and planned expenditure, investment performance and such other financial information. In theory, this is supposed to open village finances to greater public scrutiny and debate. Also released at these meetings are reports on the past performance of the government and governmental officials, and future actions and decisions planned, and just like the financial reports, these are also under the public scrutiny and debate. The resulting event is a secret ballot for every villager to vote for everything discussed at these meetings and governments cannot proceed on any issues unless they are passed with a majority vote. The issues passed by popular vote would then be carried out, and at the same time, the government would also make improvement and adjustment on the policies and issues that did not pass, and then present the revisions for the public scrutiny and debate at the next meeting.
Result of the political reform.
Ever since the implementation of the political reform at Binzhou, the policy and performance have become transparent and obvious, corruption was checked, cadres' performance and popular support increased, and economy has steadily developed. The letters of petition from villagers to the government reduced more than 30%, and more importantly, in comparison to the era prior to the implementation of the political reform where over 90% of the petitions were criticism and complaints, over 90% of the petition after the implementation of the political reform was suggestions for improvement and requests for assistance.
The obvious achievement of the political reform of Binzhou is widely reported in the domestic Chinese media, as well as many overseas Chinese media, such as Zhong Guo Daily News in Southern California, or its more commonly known Chinese name among local Chinese readers, China Daily (Not to be confused China Daily, the official English publication of Chinese government), and is termed by both domestic and overseas scholars as a good example for governments in other parts of China to follow, and along with Chinese media, they have urged authorities to slowly but steadily expand the reform to a greater scale.

</doc>
<doc id="2887474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887474" title="Baron Wake of Liddell">
Baron Wake of Liddell

Baron Wake of Liddell is an abeyant title in the Peerage of England. It was created in 1295 for John Wake. It has been in abeyance since 1408.
Barons Wake of Liddell (1295).
John Wake, 1st Lord Wake, was created baron by writ of summons to Parliament on June 24, 1295. His father was Balwin Wake and his mother was Hawise de Quincy.
He campaigned in Gascony between 1288 and 1297. He campaigned against the Scots 1297-1300. To this he was appointed Joint Captain of March of Scotland in Cumberland and Westmoreland in 1297. He fought at the Battle of Falkirk (1298). He married Joan de Fenes September 24, 1291. She was allegedly daughter of Sir John FitzBernard, of Kingsdown, Kent or William de Fenes/Fiennes, a Spanish Count, and Blanche de Brienne, Dame de La Loupelande. Joan de Fiennes was possibly a relative of Edward I. She died just prior to October 26, 1309.
John Wake, 1st Lord Wake was born in 1268. 1 He was the son of Baldwin Wake and Hawise de Quincy. He died circa 10 April 1300. He married Joan de Fenes/Fiennes before September 24, 1291. She was allegedly daughter of Sir John FitzBernard, of Kingsdown, Kent or William de Fenes/Fiennes, a Spanish Count, and Blanche de Brienne, Dame de La Loupelande. Joan de Fiennes was possibly a relative of Edward I. She died just prior to October 26, 1309.     
Children of John Wake, 1st Lord Wake and Joan de Fiennes:

</doc>
<doc id="2887475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887475" title="Jarring Effects">
Jarring Effects

Jarring Effects is a French musical label based in Lyon, south-east of France. Jarring Effects encourages musicians to be independent, produce the music themselves, be creative and to make music they enjoy rather than trying to make it commercially viable. It was created on an associative basis and remains an association.
Jarring Effects is often associated with High Tone and Ez3kiel, electro-dub bands from France, but a lot of underground audio-activists have had albums or songs released on the label.

</doc>
<doc id="2887477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887477" title="Arapgir">
Arapgir

Arapgir () is a town and district of Malatya Province, Turkey. As of 2000 it had a population of 17,070 people. It is situated at the confluence of the eastern and western Euphrates river, but some miles from the right bank of the combined streams. Arapgir is connected with Sivas by a "chaussée", prolonged to the Euphrates river. The present town was built in the mid-19th century, but about 2 miles north-east is the old town, now called Eskişehir ("old city" in Turkish). Its current mayor is Haluk Cömertoğlu (AKP).
History.
The old town of Arapgir was founded by the Armenian King Senek'erim-Hovhannes in 1021, who had exchanged his kingdom for estates in the central lands of the Byzantine Empire. It remained under Byzantine Empire's control until 1071, when the Seljuk dynasty conquered the city. In the fourteenth century the Ottoman Empire gained the city from the Seljuks. Under Ottoman rule, Arapgir was part of Mamuret-el-Aziz Province. The town was famous for the grapes and mulberries that grew in the area. The city was known as Arabraces during Byzantine rule (Αραβράκης in Byzantine Greek).
Arapgir was the site of a fascinating story of rising textile imports and industrial growth as of the 1830s. In 1836, some 1,000 looms in Arapgir were weaving cotton goods from British yarn and by 1907, some 1,200. Durability and color fastness of locally made "manusa" textile also retained its competitive position. The city grew larger than the province (vilayet) center of Harput and a municipal administration was established in 1883.
Population.
According to Donald Quataert, Arapgir in the 1880s was made up of 4,802 Muslim and 1,200 Armenian households, with a total population of about 29,000 persons. According to a METU study citing Nejat Göyünç, the city population was about 20,000 in 1911, of which more than half of the population was Armenian Christians and the rest were Muslim. Differing sources present differing pictures for the respective shares of ethnicities within the weavers' community. The Armenian population is reported to have suffered severely during the Hamidian massacres of 1895, although, in this regard, Donald Quataert notes, with textile exports back to normal levels a year after the turmoil, in 1896, either all weavers were Muslims after all, or few Armenian weavers were killed, displaced or disrupted during the troubles. 
On the eve of World War I, there were about 9,523 Armenians (1,300 houses) and 6,774 Turks living in Arapgir. After the 1915 Armenian Genocide, most of the Armenian population of Arapgir was killed or deported. In 1922 the remaining 800 Armenians of Arapgir found refuge in Soviet Armenia. Those who settled in Yerevan lived in a quarter that is now called Arabkir District.
Churches, Mosques and other buildings.
Before the Armenian Genocide Arapgir had seven Armenian Apostolic churches: Surp Astvadzadzin (Holy Mother of God) Church, not to be confused with the cathedral, Grigor Lusavorich (Gregory the Illuminator) Church, Surp Kevork Church, Surp Hagob Church, Surp Nshan Church, Surp Pilibos Arakel (St. Philip the Apostle) Church, Surp Sarkis Church, There were, also, one Catholic Surp Prgich (Holy Saviors) Church and one Protestant Cuğran Church.
There were also more than 10 schools in the town. Little is left of pre-war Arapgir, but there are still some old houses that have survived, which are Armenian origin. The town also contains the ruins of a castle, several Seljuk mosques, old cemetery and silver mines.

</doc>
<doc id="2887495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887495" title="Araeostyle">
Araeostyle

Araeostyle (Gr. αραιος, "weak" or "widely spaced", and στυλος, "column") is an architectural term for the intercolumniation given to those temples where the columns had only timber architraves to carry.

</doc>
<doc id="2887498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887498" title="Sunovion">
Sunovion

Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( former NASDAQ: SEPR ), known until October 12, 2010 as Sepracor, Inc. prior to its acquisition by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma of Japan, is a pharmaceutical company founded in 1984 by Timothy J. Barberich, Steve Matson, and Bob Bratzler. It was originally located in Princeton, New Jersey and then re-located to Marlborough, Massachusetts.
Company history.
The company's initial focus was on the development of single isomers and active metabolites. This concept allowed Barberich and Doug Reedich to generate a patent estate that served the company well for many years. Therapeutically, Sepracor's products were focused on the treatment of central nervous system and respiratory disorders, under the direction of Gunnar Aberg, and John McCullough. The primary source of its revenue is the approximately $600 million annually from its Xopenex franchise of drugs, launched under the marketing leadership of John Simon, with the direct involvement of Medical Communications, under Dean Handley. It is available as a multi-dose inhaler (MDI) or nebulized (UDV) form. However, the insomnia drug Lunesta (eszopiclone), which was discovered by Tom Jerussi, approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in December 2004 and launched in April 2005 under the marketing leadership of Tim Healy, is on pace to exceed $1 billion in annual sales. On February 13, 2006, Sepracor filed a new drug application for Brovana, patented by Gunnar Aberg and John Morley, (also launched under John Simon) to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. All of the launch drugs were manufactured under the leadership of Walter Piskorski.
Sepracor has broad exposure to generic competition, as both Xopenex inhalation solution and Lunesta brands will face expiring patents at nearly the same time in March 2012, leaving Omnaris, Alvesco, Brovana and Stedesa to fill in the revenue gaps. Sepracor suffered five recent setbacks. The first was the announcement that it had completed the analysis and validation of the preliminary results of a Phase II study evaluating the efficacy and safety of SEP-225289 for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder where Sepracor determined that SEP-225289 did not meet the primary efficacy endpoint (a reduction in symptoms of depression following eight weeks of treatment). However, the positive control in the study (venlafaxine extended-release) did achieve separation from placebo that was statistically significant on the primary endpoint. Dr Corrigan, responsible for the study, could not explain why clinical study of his design has failed. Secondly, Sepracor has announced patent interference between Sepracor and Wyeth. Fourthly, the European Medicines Agency, the European Union’s version of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, has approved Lunesta for sale, but didn’t grant the request by Sepracor to designate it as a new active substance. Because of the EMA decision, Sepracor and GSK are terminating completely their plan to market the drug in the EU.
Acquisition by Dainippon Sumitomo.
On September 2, 2009, shares of Sepracor were halted on the Nasdaq due to pending news of a takeover bid by Japanese drugmaker Dainippon Sumitomo. According to the Associated Press, Dainippon planned to offer $2.6 billion for Sepracor, a nearly 28% premium over the stock's closing price on September 1. Aside from acquiring such drugs as Lunesta and Xopenex, analysts said the acquisition would give Dainippon access to "Sepracor's sales force of roughly 1,200", which would open an avenue for the Japanese company to market its drugs in the United States. Sepracor was set to face stiff generic competition from its expiring patents (Xopenex in 2012 and Lunesta in 2014), and had failed to discover any viable drugs in nearly 10 years.
Sepracor shareholders planned to block the deal, arguing the initial offer was below Sepracor's true market value and that the management team at Sepracor had breached their fiduciary responsibilities and agreed to terms designed to prevent anyone from making a superior offer.
Despite the opposition, a formal announcement of the acquisition was made on October 12, 2010, which stated that Sunovion would be an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma Co. Ltd.
Beneficiaries, partners, and subsidiaries.
Acadia Pharmaceuticals.
On January 11, 2005, Sepracor partnered to advance a joint muscarinic-1 receptor agonist program for neuropathic pain.
Schering-Plough.
In December 1997 Schering-Plough obtained exclusive worldwide rights to Sepracor's patents relating to desloratadine, discovered and patented by Drs. Gunnar Aberg, John McCullough, Emil Smith and Dean A. Handley. In January 2002, Schering-Plough launched the product as Clarinex for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR).
Sanofi.
Sepracor earns royalties from patents relating to fexofenadine which is marketed as Allegra by Sanofi. Fexofenadine is a nonsedating antihistamine for the treatment of allergic rhinitis. In December 1993, Sepracor licensed the United States patent for the use of fexofenadine to Hoechst Marion Roussel (HMRI). HMRI developed the drug and launched it in late 1996 as Allegra brand fexofenadine hydrochloride.
Sepracor Canada (Nova Scotia) Ltd..
Sepracor Canada (Nova Scotia) Ltd. is a facility located in Windsor, Nova Scotia, Canada. Sepracor Canada is a pilot and commercial plant operation and the commercial manufacturing site since launch for levalbuterol HCl, the active ingredient in XOPENEX; eszopiclone, the active ingredient in LUNESTA; and arformoterol tartrate, the active ingredient in Brovana. In December 2012, Sunovion announced it would be closing the plant in mid-2013, with operations moving to other plants.
GlaxoSmithKline.
On September 11, 2007, Sepracor signed a marketing deal with British pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline for the rights to sell Eszopiclone (under the name Lunivia rather than Lunesta) in Europe. Sepracor was expected to receive approximately 155 million dollars if the deal went through. In 2008 Sepracor submitted an application to the EMA (the European Union's equivalent to the US FDA) for authorization to market the drug in the EU, and initially received a favourable response. However Sepracore withdrew its authorization application in 2009 after the EMA stated it would not be granting eszopiclone 'new active substance' status, as it was essentially pharmacologically and therapeutically too similar to zopiclone. Since zopiclone's patent has expired, this ruling would have allowed rival companies to also legally produce cheaper generic versions of eszopiclone for the European market. , Sepracor has not resubmitted its authorization application and Lunesta/Lunivia is not available in Europe.
Nycomed.
On January 28, 2008, Sepracor and Nycomed announced an exclusive development, marketing and commercialization agreement for ciclesonide in the United States.
BIA 2-093.
In 2008, Bial agreed with Sepracor that its antiepileptic BIA 2.093 would be produced in Sepracor's facilities and supervised by Bial.
Omnaris and Alvesco.
The company recently acquired Omnaris and Alvesco for $150M upfront and an addition $280M in potential milestones. Alvesco revenues for Q4'08 were -$0.3 million because returns from the "stocking" in Q3'08 exceeded the demand in Q4'08. The company disclosed a 2009 forecast of $25–$40M for Omnaris and $10–15M for Alvesco; yielding a combined total of $35M-$55M in year 2 of a launch. However, revenues continue to be dismal, prompting criticisms and concerns over the purchase price relative to minuscule income.
2009 layoffs and stock incentive plan.
In January 2009, Sepracor announced a series of layoffs due to the challenging economic environment for both the country and the pharmaceutical industry. However, current CEO, Mr. Adrian Adams, accepted a pay increase to put him at around $6.5 million annually, and was the seventh highest paid CEO in Massachusetts in 2007. Furthermore, the management has awarded top executives with a new 2009 stock incentive plan that will allow executives to receive a maximum of 500,000 shares per year before any performance objectives are reached. The exact number of shares for each executive will be determined by the board compensation committee, but typical grants for a company this size are 50,000 to 125,000 for each executive and could be a mixture of stock and stock options.

</doc>
<doc id="2887509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887509" title="Ningi, Nigeria">
Ningi, Nigeria

Ningi is a town, a local government area, and an emirate in Bauchi State, Nigeria. The Ningi emirate comprises two local government areas, Ningi and Warji, with a combined area of 5,250 km2 and a population of 501,912 according to the 2006 Census. The Ningi local government area covers an area of 4,625 km2 with a population of 387,192 at the 2006 Census. The area is inhabited mostly by Fa,awa, Warjawa, Duwa, Ningawa and Fulani people. Yunusa Mohammadu Danyaya is the current Emir of Ningi.
History.
Ningi state was founded by an enclave of Islamic scholars known as the Mallams in the 18th century (around 1827) under the leadership of Hamza. Ningi leaders were hitherto called Mallams until early the 19th century. 
Fa,awa are the first tribe to gain the benefit of western education, but the remaining tribe came to ningi as visitors and they remain due to the abundant food item provided by Fa,awa people.
According to legend, Hamza migrated with forty other Mallams and their families from Tsakuwar Kano, in the present day Dawakin Kudu Local Government Area of Kano State, in 1827. They settled eastward at Mara in the present day's Lame district of the Toro, Nigeria local government area in Bauchi State. The Mallams were protesting the payment of a tax called "Kudin Kasa" in the Kano Emirate during the reign of Sarkin Kano Mohammed Bello. While at Mara, Sheikh Hamza used his Islamic knowledge and dexterity to convince the local people under their leader called Dandaura to break their allegiance of the "Amanah" Agreement; entered into with the Fulani Emirate in which they paid tribute ("jizya") to the leader. By 1830, in order to change the status quo, Hamza had to crush Dandaura and remain the undisputed leader. He immediately brought all the neighboring stateless societies, especially the Butawa, Fa'awa, Warjawa, Kudawa, Sirawa, under his control. This act became a threat to the peace and security of the neighboring emirates of Bauchi, Kano, and Zaria. As a result, Bauchi and Kano combined their forces and launched an attack on Hamza. 
With the death of Hamza, the people suffered from the loss but remained organized and selected Ahmadu in 1850 to be their leader. He reigned for five years and died in 1855. The people chose Hamza's son-in-law, Abubakar Danmaje, as the next leader. Unlike his predecessors, Danmaje started an expansionist policy and devised very effective raiding strategies. He raided far and wide to Kano, Hadejia, Katagum, Jamare, Gombe, Zaria, Birnin Gwari, Kontagora, Wukari, and even Illorin. Danmaje found it necessary to raid so as to recruit slaves into his ranks. The result was the creation of a strong, formidable, and insurmountable force with commanded by him. This force was known as "Mai Tabaryar Mashi". 
Apart from the expansion of the territory and establishment of a powerful force, the Danmaje reign was significant for the movement of the people to the old Ningi, situated in a strategic and frontier position surrounded by hills. It was the obscure location of the place that earned Ningi its name, which in the Butawa language means "hiding place." With such a strategic position, Danmaje continued the campaign by intensifying his sporadic raids. In fact Bauchi feared Danmaje so much that the emir of Bauchi, Ibrahim had to establish Kafin-Madaki; with the sole aim of preventing him from entering Bauchi. Kafin Madaki was however to serve as a dog watch with the specific instruction of not confronting Danmaje but quickly reporting any move made by the Ningawa to raid Bauchi.
After Danmaje's death in 1870 his successor, Haruna Karami, continued the expansionist policy with the strong backing of his able lieutenant Usman Danyaya, the then barden of Ningi. Haruna died in 1886 and Abubakar Gajigi was appointed the leader. Abubakar maintained Ningi's struggle to survive as a state of its own without losing any territory to the neighboring emirates.
Then came the reign of Usman Danyaya. Considering its history as an independent state with an organized system of administration based on Islamic provisions, the British modernized the system by making Ningi a native authority. By this act Ningi became one of the few areas to be made a native authority the very year the British came into the administration of northern Nigeria.
Usman was succeeded by Mamuda, who was under the guidance of the British. This continued with Musa Dangwido (1905–1906) and Mallam Mamuda again (1906–1908). Adamu Danyaya was the longest to reign as the Emir of Ningi, having ruled for 32 years. The present Emir Yunusa Mohammadu Danyaya, who came into power in early 1978, is so far the second longest reign; having ruled over 30 years now.

</doc>
<doc id="2887516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887516" title="Araeosystyle">
Araeosystyle

Araeosystyle (Gr. αραιος, "widely spaced", and συστυλος, "with columns set close together"), an architectural term applied to a colonnade, in which the intercolumniation is alternately wide and narrow, as in the case of the western porch of St Paul's Cathedral and the east front of the Louvre by Perrault.

</doc>
<doc id="2887528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887528" title="Southern Park Mall">
Southern Park Mall

The Southern Park Mall is a shopping mall in Boardman, Ohio. Originally owned by the Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation when it opened in 1970, it is now owned by the Washington Prime Group, Inc. . The mall, which is the largest shopping destination in Mahoning County, boasts of space.
Macy's was previously Strouss, then Kaufmann's. Horne's was originally the central anchor, until 1992 when the building was sold to Higbee's. Higbee's was then sold to Dillard's the same year.
Southern Park underwent an extensive renovation in 1997, shortly after the DeBartolo Corporation merged with Simon. Simon has spent $19 million to make improvements to the interiors, and added a food court as well as a movie theater, although the theater is not directly attached to the mall. Jillian's, which replaced a Woolworth, was a tenant from 1999 to 2011.
Movie theater.
Situated on the eastern edge of the mall's property is Tinseltown USA, an 7-screen cinema operated by the movie theater conglomerate Cinemark. The theater opened during the mall's renovation period of 1996-1997. The largest of the screens seats 470 patrons, while the two smallest seat over 200. Two of the screens (including the 470 seat house, the other seats 281) feature a wrap-around, concave design so that the screen fills more of the viewer's field of vision.
References.
http://www.simon.com/mall/default.aspx?id=160

</doc>
<doc id="2887529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887529" title="Bob MacQuarrie">
Bob MacQuarrie

Robert Waldron MacQuarrie (November 24, 1926 – January 11, 2007) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1981 to 1985, as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
MacQuarrie was born in Rexton, New Brunswick, educated at Princes of Wales College (later renamed the University of Prince Edward Island), and practiced law with the firm of Cuzner, MacQuarrie. 
He began his political career at the municipal level, serving as reeve of Gloucester Township in Ontario from 1972 to 1978, and as a councillor in the Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton from 1969 to 1978. In 1980-81, he was director of the Eastern Ontario Development Corporation.
He was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1981 provincial election, defeating Liberal candidate Bernard Grandmaitre and New Democrat Evelyn Gigantes in a close three-way contest for Carleton East. MacQuarrie served as a government backbencher for the next four years, acting as parliamentary assistant to the Solicitor-General and Attorney-General. In January 1985, he supported Roy McMurtry's bid to succeed Bill Davis as leader of the Progressive Conservative Party.
The Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a tenuous minority government in the 1985 provincial election, and lost power to David Peterson's Liberals. MacQuarrie was defeated in Carleton East, losing to Liberal candidate Gilles Morin by 7,033 votes.
The City of Ottawa named a sports complex after Bob Macquarrie - The "Bob MacQuarrie-Orléans Recreation Complex" located at 1490 Youville Drive in Orléans, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2887539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887539" title="James Welch (writer)">
James Welch (writer)

James Welch (November 18, 1940 – August 4, 2003), was an award-winning U.S. author and poet. Welch is considered a founding author of the Native American Renaissance. His novel "Fools Crow" received several National Literary awards.
Welch received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Native Writers' Circle of the Americas in 1997.
Biography.
James Welch was born in Browning, Montana on November 18, 1940. His father was a member of the Blackfeet tribe and his mother a member of the Gros Ventre tribe; both also had Irish ancestry. As a child, Welch attended schools on the Blackfeet and Fort Belknap reservations.
Welch attended the University of Montana, where he studied under the author Richard Hugo and began his writing career. Welch was at the University of Montana when his writing career began in earnest, leading to the creation of works that would establish his place in the Native American Renaissance literary movement.
Welch taught at the University of Washington and at Cornell, as well as serving on the Parole Board of the Montana Prisons Systems and on the Board of Directors of the Newberry Library D'Arcy McNickle Center.
Welch and Paul Stekler co-wrote the Emmy Award-winning "American Experience" documentary, "Last Stand at Little Bighorn", shown on PBS. Together they also wrote the history "Killing Custer: The Battle of Little Bighorn and the Fate of the Plains Indians" (1994).
When "Winter in the Blood" was reprinted in 2007, it included an introduction by Louise Erdrich, who wrote: It "is a central and inspiring text to a generation of western regional and Native American writers, including me."
Welch died at his home in Missoula, Montana in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2887541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887541" title="Theta (disambiguation)">
Theta (disambiguation)

Theta is the eighth Greek letter, written "Θ" (uppercase) or "θ" (lowercase).
Theta also refers to:
Places
Science and mathematics
Business
Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="2887548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887548" title="Energy Hog">
Energy Hog

Energy Hog is an energy efficiency campaign developed by the Ad Council and run by the Alliance to Save Energy that engages children and raises awareness of the benefits of energy efficiency.
The villain of the commercials is an evil pig named Boss Hogg, who wastes energy in the home (along with his henchmen, Freddie, Sammy Swine, Ivanna Hamm, Kelvin Bacon, Mork Pork, Hal Hogg, Penelope Pigg, Charlie, and small Energy Hogs).
The campaign is a non-profit effort with more than twenty sponsors, including The Home Depot, the U.S. Department of Energy, and several state energy offices.
Goal.
The main goal of the Energy Hog campaign is to raise awareness of energy efficiency so that people can save money on their energy bills which were expected to rise throughout the winter of 2005–2006.
Criticisms.
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid and other Democrats called the new campaign "a toothless" energy savings program following an inaccurate media report .

</doc>
<doc id="2887549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887549" title="Sigma-Aldrich">
Sigma-Aldrich

Sigma-Aldrich Corporation is a life science and high technology company with over 9,600 employees and operations in 40 countries. Its chemical and biochemical products and kits are used in scientific research, biotechnology, pharmaceutical development, the diagnosis of disease, and as key components in high technology manufacturing.
History.
Sigma Chemical Company and Aldrich Chemical Company merged in 1975, producing a current total corporate offering of more than 100,000 chemical products.
After the merger.
Aldrich Chemical Co. merged with Sigma International, Ltd. to form Sigma-Aldrich Corporation in August 1975, when changing trends in chemical research confirmed the synergy to be realized from their complementary product offerings. Annual double-digit growth was the norm in the 80s and 90s, with significant expansion in facilities, major acquisitions and ventures into new market sectors. In December 2000 Sigma-Aldrich launched a strategic plan focusing the Company on “Leadership in Life Science and High Technology.” Other key initiatives on service and process improvements and a strong Internet presence have strengthened Sigma-Aldrich’s current position as a leading technology company.
In October, 2000, Sigma-Aldrich announced the intention to enter into a manufacturing and exclusive distribution agreement with Proteome Systems.
In Sep, 2001, Sigma-Aldrich donated $250,000—shared equally by the New York Firefighters 9-11 Disaster Relief Fund and the WTC Police Disaster Relief Fund—on behalf of its employees, customers and shareholders.
Key numbers.
Key numbers for Sigma-Aldrich.
Revenues:
Products:
Customers:
Geographies (% of 2008 sales):
Business units.
Organizational structure aligns to meet the specific needs of four customer segments:
Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility.
Sigma-Aldrich has been recognized for its commitment to the community and environment numerous times:
Competitors.
Companies in the same biochemical sales sector include Bayer Aktienges Ads, Brenntag Holding GmbH & Co. KG, GFS Chemicals, ThermoFisher Scientific, and VWR International. For stable isotopically labeled compounds used in biomedical research, competitors include Omicron Biochemicals, Cambridge Isotope Laboratories, Sctek Laboratories, and others.
Product lines.
Sigma-Aldrich has a variety of product lines, each offered under separate branding.
Subsidiaries.
Aldrich.
Aldrich is a supplier in the research and fine chemicals market. Aldrich provides organic and inorganic chemicals, building blocks, reagents, advanced materials and stable isotopes for chemical synthesis, medicinal chemistry and materials science. Aldrich's chemicals catalog, the "Aldrich Catalog and Handbook" is often used as a handbook due to the inclusion of structures, physical data, and literature references. Many students use it as a reference book, especially undergraduates, as it is offered free by request.
Sigma.
Sigma is the Sigma-Aldrich's main biochemical supplier, with offerings including antibiotics, buffers, carbohydrates, enzymes, forensic tools, hematology and histology, nucleotides, proteins, peptides, amino acids and their derivatives.
Sigma RBI.
Sigma RBI produces specialized products for use in the field of cell signaling and neuroscience. Their offerings range from standard biochemical reagents to the latest cutting–edge research tools, including new ligands for receptors and ion channels, novel enzyme inhibitors, phosphospecific antibodies, key signal transduction enzymes, and assay kits for cell signaling.
ISOTEC.
ISOTEC provides isotopically labeled products for protein structure determination, peptide synthesis, proteomics, metabolic research, magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear magnetic resonance, breath test substrates, agriculture, as well as gas and gas mixes.
Fluka.
Fluka manufactures chemicals and reagents for analytical, organic and biochemical research, and intermediates for the chemical and pharmaceutical industries.
Riedel-de Haën.
Riedel-de Haën was incorporated with Sigma-Aldrich in 1999 and manufactures reagents and standards.
Supelco.
Supelco is the chromatography products branch of Sigma-Aldrich. It provides chromatography columns and related tools for environmental, government, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical and chemical laboratories; sample preparation products and chemical reference standards.
Sigma-Aldrich Fine Chemicals.
Sigma-Aldrich Fine Chemicals (SAFC) is the fine chemical supply branch of Sigma-Aldrich specializing in raw materials for cell culture products; customized services for raw materials, manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients.
Sigma Life Science (formally Sigma-Genosys).
Sigma Life Science provides products such as custom DNA/RNA oligos; custom DNA and LNA probes; siRNA; isotopically-labelled peptides and peptide libraries.
Sigma Advanced Genetic Engineering.
Sigma Advanced Genetic Engineering (SAGE) Labs is a division within Sigma-Aldrich that specializes in genetic manipulation of in vivo systems for special research and development applications. It was formed in 2008 to investigate zinc finger nuclease technology and its application for disease research models. Located in St. Louis, Missouri, SAGE Labs have developed knockout rats for the study of human diseases and disorders (such as autism), which are sold for up to $95,000. SAGE also announced its first successful effort in creating a "knockout rabbit". Its facilities include a specific pathogen free, biosecure vivarium as well as research and development labs.
Carbolabs.
Carbolabs produces research quantities of chemicals produced by phosgenation reactions. The company was acquired in 1998.
BioReliance by SAFC.
BioReliance provides testing and manufacturing services to pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies that span the product cycle from early pre-clinical development to licensed production.
The company was acquired by Sigma Aldrich in January 2012.
Facilities include state of the art labs in Rockville, MD, The United Kingdom, and Tokyo Japan.
Distributors.
Sigma-Aldrich is located in 40 countries world-wide. In territories where they are not present, Sigma-Aldrich operates through a network of authorized distributors. A list of them can be found below:

</doc>
<doc id="2887556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887556" title="Nggàm">
Nggàm

Nggàm is a type of divination that originated among the Mambila people of Cameroon and Niger, in which the actions of spiders or crabs are interpreted by the diviner.

</doc>
<doc id="2887560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887560" title="Rayleigh flow">
Rayleigh flow

Rayleigh flow refers to diabatic flow through a constant area duct where the effect of heat addition or rejection is considered. Compressibility effects often come into consideration, although the Rayleigh flow model certainly also applies to incompressible flow. For this model, the duct area remains constant and no mass is added within the duct. Therefore, unlike Fanno flow, the stagnation temperature is a variable. The heat addition causes a decrease in stagnation pressure, which is known as the Rayleigh effect and is critical in the design of combustion systems. Heat addition will cause both supersonic and subsonic Mach numbers to approach Mach 1, resulting in choked flow. Conversely, heat rejection decreases a subsonic Mach number and increases a supersonic Mach number along the duct. It can be shown that for calorically perfect flows the maximum entropy occurs at M = 1. Rayleigh flow is named after John Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh.
Theory.
The Rayleigh flow model begins with a differential equation that relates the change in Mach number with the change in stagnation temperature, T0. The differential equation is shown below.
Solving the differential equation leads to the relation shown below, where T0* is the stagnation temperature at the throat location of the duct which is required for thermally choking the flow.
These values are significant in the design of combustion systems. For example, if a turbojet combustion chamber has a maximum temperature of T0* = 2000 K, T0 and M at the entrance to the combustion chamber must be selected so thermal choking does not occur, which will limit the mass flow rate of air into the engine and decrease thrust.
For the Rayleigh flow model, the dimensionless change in entropy relation is shown below.
The above equation can be used to plot the Rayleigh line on a Mach number versus ΔS graph, but the dimensionless enthalpy, H, versus ΔS diagram is more often used. The dimensionless enthalpy equation is shown below with an equation relating the static temperature with its value at the choke location for a calorically perfect gas where the heat capacity at constant pressure, cp, remains constant.
The above equation can be manipulated to solve for M as a function of H. However, due to the form of the T/T* equation, a complicated multi-root relation is formed for M = M(T/T*). Instead, M can be chosen as an independent variable where ΔS and H can be matched up in a chart as shown in Figure 1. Figure 1 shows that heating will increase an upstream, subsonic Mach number until M = 1.0 and the flow chokes. Conversely, adding heat to a duct with an upstream, supersonic Mach number will cause the Mach number to decrease until the flow chokes. Cooling produces the opposite result for each of those two cases. The Rayleigh flow model reaches maximum entropy at M = 1.0 For subsonic flow, the maximum value of H occurs at M = 0.845. This indicates that cooling, instead of heating, causes the Mach number to move from 0.845 to 1.0 This is not necessarily correct as the stagnation temperature always increases to move the flow from a subsonic Mach number to M = 1, but from M = 0.845 to M = 1.0 the flow accelerates faster than heat is added to it. Therefore, this is a situation where heat is added but T/T* decreases in that region.
Additional Rayleigh Flow Relations.
The area and mass flow rate are held constant for Rayleigh flow. Unlike Fanno flow, the Fanning friction factor, "f", remains constant. These relations are shown below with the * symbol representing the throat location where choking can occur.
Differential equations can also be developed and solved to describe Rayleigh flow property ratios with respect to the values at the choking location. The ratios for the pressure, density, static temperature, velocity and stagnation pressure are shown below, respectively. They are represented graphically along with the stagnation temperature ratio equation from the previous section. A stagnation property contains a '0' subscript.
Applications.
The Rayleigh flow model has many analytical uses, most notably involving aircraft engines. For instance, the combustion chambers inside turbojet engines usually have a constant area and the fuel mass addition is negligible. These properties make the Rayleigh flow model applicable for heat addition to the flow through combustion, assuming the heat addition does not result in dissociation of the air-fuel mixture. Producing a shock wave inside the combustion chamber of an engine due to thermal choking is very undesirable due to the decrease in mass flow rate and thrust. Therefore, the Rayleigh flow model is critical for an initial design of the duct geometry and combustion temperature for an engine.
The Rayleigh flow model is also used extensively with the Fanno flow model. These two models intersect at points on the enthalpy-entropy and Mach number-entropy diagrams, which is meaningful for many applications. However, the entropy values for each model are not equal at the sonic state. The change in entropy is 0 at M = 1 for each model, but the previous statement means the change in entropy from the same arbitrary point to the sonic point is different for the Fanno and Rayleigh flow models. If initial values of si and Mi are defined, a new equation for dimensionless entropy versus Mach number can be defined for each model. These equations are shown below for Fanno and Rayleigh flow, respectively.
Figure 3 shows the Rayleigh and Fanno lines intersecting with each other for initial conditions of si = 0 and Mi = 3.0 The intersection points are calculated by equating the new dimensionless entropy equations with each other, resulting in the relation below.
Interestingly, the intersection points occur at the given initial Mach number and its post-normal shock value. For Figure 3, these values are M = 3.0 and 0.4752, which can be found the normal shock tables listed in most compressible flow textbooks. A given flow with a constant duct area can switch between the Rayleigh and Fanno models at these points.

</doc>
<doc id="2887573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887573" title="Robert Meeropol">
Robert Meeropol

Robert Meeropol (born Robert Rosenberg in 1947) is the younger son of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg. Meeropol was born in New York City. His father Julius was an electrical engineer and a member of the Communist Party. His mother Ethel (née Greenglass), a union organizer, was also active in the Communist Party. In 1953, when Robert was six years old, his parents were convicted and executed for conspiracy to commit espionage, and specifically for passing secrets of the atomic bomb to the Soviet Union.
Early life and education.
After the Rosenbergs were arrested, Robert and his older brother Michael lived with their maternal grandmother, Tessie Greenglass. After three months, she was unable to continue such care and placed them in the Hebrew Children's Home. After several months, Sophie Rosenberg, their paternal grandmother, removed them from the children's home to care for the boys herself. During their stay with her, the boys were allowed to visit their parents in Sing Sing prison. After one year with Sophie, the boys were sent to New Jersey to live with the Bach family, friends of the Rosenbergs. They were eventually adopted by the writer and songwriter Abel Meeropol and his wife Anne and took their last name.
Meeropol earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in anthropology at the University of Michigan.
Activism and career.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Meeropol became active in the anti-war effort. After completing his master's degree, Meeropol taught anthropology at Western New England College in Springfield, Massachusetts from 1971 to 1973.
With his brother, Meeropol sued the FBI and CIA under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), winning the release of 300,000 previously secret documents pertaining to their parents' case. Believing the documents proved their parents' innocence, the Meeropol brothers co-wrote a book about their childhood, "We Are Your Sons: The Legacy of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg" (1975). From 1974 to 1978, he worked actively with the National Committee to reopen the Rosenberg Case and the Fund for Open Information and Accountability.
From 1980 to 1982 he was managing editor of "Socialist Review" in the San Francisco Bay Area. During this time, his parents' executioner, Joseph Francel, died. In 1982 Meeropol moved back to Massachusetts. He returned to college, studying at the Western New England College School of Law, from which he graduated in 1985. He was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar and began practice as an attorney.
In 1990, Meeropol started the Rosenberg Fund for Children, a public foundation which provides support for children in the U.S. whose parents are targeted, progressive activists. The RFC also supports youth in the U.S. who have been targeted for their own progressive activism. He will step down from the position of Executive Director of RFC on September 1, 2013, to be succeeded by his daughter Jennifer.
He later wrote "An Execution in the Family: One Son's Journey" (2003), a memoir that reflected on his life and his parents' fate.
Marriage and family.
Robert is married to Ellen Meeropol. They have two daughters: Jennifer and Rachel. Rachel has become a lawyer for the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York City.
Charges against parents.
In 2008 Michael Meeropol and Robert Meeropol said that, given recent revelations by their parent's co-defendant Morton Sobell and VENONA documents released in 1995, they now believed that their father was involved in espionage with the Soviet Union. But, they said, "To this day, there is no credible evidence that he participated in obtaining or passing on... the secret of the atomic bomb, the crime for which he was executed." They also believed documents showed that witnesses had fabricated evidence against their mother, and that she was innocent of the government charges.

</doc>
<doc id="2887576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887576" title="Aphrodite of Cnidus">
Aphrodite of Cnidus

The Aphrodite of Knidos was one of the most famous works of the ancient Greek sculptor Praxiteles of Athens (4th century BC). It and its copies are often referred to as the "Venus Pudica" ("modest Venus") type, on account of her covering her naked vulva with her right hand. Variants of the "Venus Pudica" (suggesting an action to cover the breasts) are the Venus de' Medici or the Capitoline Venus.
Original.
The statue became famous for its beauty, meant to be appreciated from every angle, and for being the first life-size representation of the nude female form. It depicted the goddess Aphrodite as she prepared for the ritual bath that restored her purity (not virginity), discarding her drapery in her left hand, while modestly shielding herself with her right hand. Her hands are placed in a motion that simultaneously shields her womanhood and draws attention to her nudity. Aphrodite's body bends in a contrapposto position, an artistic innovation which realistically portrays normal human stance.
According to a possibly apocryphal account by Pliny, Praxiteles received a commission from the citizens of Kos for a statue of the goddess Aphrodite. Praxiteles then created two versions—one fully draped, and the other completely nude. The shocked citizens of Kos rejected the nude statue and purchased the draped version. The design and appearance of the draped version is today unknown as it didn't survive, nor did it appear to have merited attention, to judge from the lack of surviving accounts.
The rejected nude was purchased by some citizens of Knidos and set up in an open air temple that permitted viewing of the statue from all sides. It quickly became one of the most famous works by Praxiteles for the bold depiction of Aphrodite as proudly nude.
Praxiteles was alleged to have used the courtesan Phryne as a model for the statue, which added to the gossip surrounding its origin. The statue became so widely known and copied that in a humorous anecdote the goddess Aphrodite herself came to Knidos to see it. A lyric epigram of Antipater of Sidon places a hypothetical question on the lips of the goddess herself:
The statue became a tourist attraction in spite of being a cult image, and a patron of the Knidians. Nicomedes I of Bithynia offered to pay off the enormous debts of the city of Knidos in exchange for the statue, but the Knidians rejected his offer. The statue was so lifelike that it even aroused men sexually, as witnessed by the tradition that a young man broke into the temple at night and attempted to copulate with the statue. Apparently a stain in the marble on the rear of the thigh convinced him the statue was a real woman. This story is recorded in the dialogue "Erotes" (section 15), traditionally misattributed to Lucian of Samosata. The same dialogue also offers the fullest literary description of the "temenos" of Aphrodite at Knidos:
Of the Aphrodite herself, the narrator resorts to hyperbole:
Copies.
The Cnidian Aphrodite has not survived. Possibly the statue was removed to Constantinople (modern Istanbul) and was lost in a fire during the Nika riots. It was one of the most widely copied statues in the ancient world, so a general idea of the appearance of the statue can be gleaned from the descriptions and replicas that have survived to the modern day. For a time in 1969, the archaeologist Iris Love thought she had found the only surviving fragments of the original statue, which are now in storage at the British Museum. The prevailing opinion of archaeologists is that the fragment in question is not of the "Knidia", but of a different statue. 
As well as more or less faithful copies, the Aphrodite of Cnidus also inspired various variations, which include: 

</doc>
<doc id="2887585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887585" title="Dufry">
Dufry

Dufry AG is a leading global travel retailer operating around 1,400 duty-free and duty-paid shops in airports, cruise lines, seaports, railway stations and downtown tourist areas. Dufry employs almost 17,000 people. The Company, headquartered in Basel, Switzerland, operates in 47 countries in Europe, Africa, Asia, Central America, the Caribbean, North America, and South America.
History.
The Company was owned by Patrick Laurent until it was sold to a joint venture led by Advent Mexico in March, 2004. This worldwide company owns stores at airports, train stations, and ports, and operates concessions onboard airlines and cruise ships.
In 2008, Dufry purchased the Hudson Group.
Milestones and History
Location.
Some of the principal locations of the company are:
The company is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (ticker: DUFN) and BM&F Bovespa (ticker: DAGB33).

</doc>
<doc id="2887587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887587" title="Isothermal flow">
Isothermal flow

Isothermal flow is a model of compressible fluid flow whereby the flow remains at the same temperature while flowing in a conduit. In the model, heat transferred through the walls of the conduit is offset by frictional heating back into the flow. Although the flow temperature remains constant, a change in stagnation temperature occurs because of a change in velocity. The interesting part of this flow is that the flow is choked at formula_1 and not at Mach number equal to one as in the case of many other model such as Fanno flow. This fact applies to real gases as well as ideal gases.
For an important practical case of a gas flow through a long tube, the model has an applicability in situations which occurs in a relatively long distance and where heat transfer is relatively rapid so that the temperature can be treated, for engineering purposes, as a constant. This model has also applicability as upper boundary to Fanno flow.

</doc>
<doc id="2887589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887589" title="Season of Migration to the North">
Season of Migration to the North

Season of Migration to the North (Arabic: موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال" " ) is a classic post-colonial Sudanese novel by the late novelist Tayeb Salih. Originally published in Arabic in 1966, it has since been translated into more than twenty languages.
Summary.
The unnamed narrator has returned to his native village in the Sudan after seven years in England furthering his education.
On his arrival home, the Narrator encounters a new villager named Mustafa Sa'eed who exhibits none of the adulation for his achievements that most others do, and he displays an antagonistically aloof nature. Mustafa Sa'eed betrays his past one drunken evening by wistfully reciting poetry in fluent English, leaving the narrator resolute to discover the stranger's identity. The Narrator later asks Mustafa Sa'eed about his past, and Mustafa tells the Narrator much of his story, often saying "I am no Othello, Othello was a lie."
The Narrator becomes fascinated by Mustafa, and he learns that Mustafa was also a precocious student educated in the west but he held a violent, hateful and complex relationship with his western identity and acquaintances. The story of Mustafa's troubled past in Europe, and in particular his love affairs with British women, form the center of the novel. The narrator then discovers that the stranger, Mustafa Sa'eed, awakens in him great curiosity, despair and anger, as Mustafa emerges as his doppelgänger. The stories of Mustafa's past life in England, and the repercussions on the village around him, taking their toll on the narrator, who is driven to the very edge of sanity. In the final chapter, the Narrator is floating in the Nile, precariously between life and death, and the narrator makes the conscious choice to rid himself of Mustafa's lingering presence, and to stand as an influential individual in his own right.
The novel has also been related in many senses to Heart of Darkness by author Joseph Conrad. Both novels explore cultural hybridity, cross-colonial experiences, and orientalism.
Controversy.
The novel was banned in the author's native Sudan for a period of time. This may have had to do with the second half of the novel, which contains some graphic sexual imagery, of which the Islamic government of Sudan may not have approved.

</doc>
<doc id="2887593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887593" title="Allensworth, California">
Allensworth, California

Allensworth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Tulare County, California. Allensworth sits at an elevation of , the same elevation as the huge and historically important Tulare Lake shore when it was full. The 2010 United States census reported Allensworth's population was 471.
It was a town founded in 1908, with the idea that African Americans could own property, learn, thrive, and live the American Dream. It was named by Lt. Colonel Allen Allensworth.
Now designated Colonel Allensworth State Historic Park, the community is located in the ZIP Code 93219 and in the area code 661.
Terrain and environment.
The terrain is typical of the southern San Joaquin Valley. Excepting the railroad roadbed, there is less than five feet elevation difference across town. Like most of the valley, there has been some subsidence probably related to historic overpumping of ground water for irrigation. While temperatures usually stay above freezing, there can be periods of heavy rain in winter and it is often in the 90-100 °F range during summer.
Allensworth marks the eastern high-water shoreline of Tulare Lake, (once the largest U.S. lake outside the Great Lakes,) which supported one of the largest Indian populations on the continent, herds of elk, millions of water fowl, as well as a commecial fishery and ferry service. Other townsites located on this historic shoreline include Lemoore on its northern tip, and Kettleman City on the western shore, while nearby Alpaugh is on the eastern end of a long, sandy ridge at elevation 210 ft. that was once called Hog Island. Due to diversions of the natural waterways since the mid to late 19th century, only a tiny remnant of Tulare Lake now remains. The rest of the valley was also home to many vernal pools and habitata once important to wildlife and various economies before 19th and 20th century water diversions and land scrapers. The last time Tulare Lake was full and overflowed its spillway (near Lemoore) was 1878.
A natural gas well field exists west of Allensworth. Burrowing owls, a species active in daylight hours, are sometimes present in the park.
Just north of Allensworth is the Pixley National Wildlife Refuge, grassland and wetland habitats operated by the Department of the Interior, US Fish and Wildlife Service. Of great interest, thousands of Sandhill Cranes (Grus canadensis), use this refuge each winter from November through March. Red-tailed Hawks (Buteo jamaicensis), are among the 141 type of birds that can be seen here. Also present are Pacific Pond turtles, once an important part of Tulare Lake's fishery trade with San Francisco.
Adjacent to the town is Allensworth Ecological Reserve. The endangered San Joaquin Kit Fox ("Vulpes macrotis mutica") can be found in this area.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 3.1 square miles (8.0 km²), all of it land.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Allensworth had a population of 471. The population density was 151.8 people per square mile (58.6/km²). The racial makeup of Allensworth was 158 (33.5%) White, 22 (4.7%) African American, 0 (0.0%) Native American, 8 (1.7%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 279 (59.2%) from other races, and 4 (0.8%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 436 persons (92.6%).
The Census reported that 471 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 115 households, out of which 69 (60.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 67 (58.3%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 20 (17.4%) had a female householder with no husband present, 11 (9.6%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 10 (8.7%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 1 (0.9%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 13 households (11.3%) were made up of individuals and 7 (6.1%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.10. There were 98 families (85.2% of all households); the average family size was 4.37.
The population was spread out with 187 people (39.7%) under the age of 18, 66 people (14.0%) aged 18 to 24, 100 people (21.2%) aged 25 to 44, 93 people (19.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 25 people (5.3%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23.4 years. For every 100 females there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.
There were 142 housing units at an average density of 45.8 per square mile (17.7/km²), of which 56 (48.7%) were owner-occupied, and 59 (51.3%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 11.8%. 220 people (46.7% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 251 people (53.3%) lived in rental housing units.
Education.
The Allensworth School District hosts a single school serving grades K through 8. 
Politics.
In the state legislature Allensworth is located in the 16th Senate District, represented by Democrat Dean Florez, and in the 30th Assembly District, represented by Republican Danny Gilmore. Federally, Allensworth is located in California's 21st congressional district, which has a Cook PVI of R +13 and is represented by Republican Devin Nunes.

</doc>
<doc id="2887603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887603" title="Perineal">
Perineal

Perineal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887609" title="Buccal">
Buccal

Buccal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887610" title="Celgene">
Celgene

Celgene Corporation is an American biotechnology company that manufactures drug therapies for cancer and inflammatory disorders. It is incorporated in Delaware and headquartered in Summit, New Jersey. The company's major products are Thalomid (thalidomide), which is approved for the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe erythema nodosum leprosum ("ENL"), as well as in combination with dexamethasone for patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma, and Revlimid (lenalidomide), for which the company has received FDA and EMA approval in combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of multiple myeloma patients who have received at least one prior therapy. Revlimid is also approved in the United States for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to Low- or Intermediate-1-risk Myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities. Both Thalomid and Revlimid are sold through proprietary risk-management distribution programs to ensure safe and appropriate use of these pharmaceuticals. Vidaza is approved for the treatment of patients with MDS. Celgene also receives royalties from Novartis Pharma AG on sales of the entire Ritalin family of drugs, which are widely used to treat Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
Celgene Cellular Therapeutics, a subsidiary, is a public cord blood bank.
History.
In 1986, Celgene, originally a unit of the Celanese Corporation, was spun off as an independent company following the merger of Celanese Corporation with American Hoechst Corporation.
In July 1998, Celgene received approval from the FDA to market Thalamid for the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe ENL.
In April 2000, Celgene reached an agreement with Novartis Pharma AG to license d-MPH, Celgene's chirally pure version of RITALIN. The FDA subsequently granted approval to market d-MPH, or Focalin, in November 2001.
In August 2000, Celgene acquired Signal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held company that searches for and develops pharmaceuticals that regulate disease-related genes. Signal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. now operates as Celgene Research San Diego, a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene Corporation.
In December 2002, Celgene acquired Anthrogenesis, a privately held New Jersey-based biotherapeutics company and cord blood banking business, which is developing technology for the recovery of stem cells from placental tissues following the completion of full-term successful pregnancies. Anthrogenesis now operates as Celgene Cellular Therapeutics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene.
In December 2005, Celgene received approval from the FDA to market Revlimid for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to Low- or Intermediate-1-risk MDS associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities.
In May 2006, Celgene received approval for Thalamid in combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma.
In June 2007, Celgene received full marketing authorization for Revlimid in combination with dexamethasone as a treatment for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy by the European Commission.
In March 2008, Celgene closed its $2.9 billion acquisition of Pharmion Corporation.
In December 2009, Celgene announced the acquisition of Gloucester Pharmaceuticals.
In June 2010 Celgene Corporation and Abraxis BioScience Inc. jointly announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement in which Celgene has agreed to acquire Abraxis BioScience.
In 2010 Celgene looked to relocate its UK headquarters from Riverside House in Windsor to a new development Stockley Park, Uxbridge.
In January 2012, Celgene and Avila Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company developing targeted covalent drugs that treat diseases through protein silencing, announced a definitive merger agreement under which Celgene Corporation will acquire Avila Therapeutics, Inc. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Celgene will acquire Avila Therapeutics, Inc. for $350 million in cash, plus up to $195 million for milestones contingent upon the development and regulatory approval of AVL-292, as well as up to $380 million in potential milestone payments contingent upon the development and approval of candidates generated from the Avilomics platform.
Citing a market capitalization of US$67 billion, and stock appreciation of 107%, Celgene was Forbes Magazine's number 2 ranked drug company of 2013.
Litigation.
Anti-trust allegations 
In June 2009, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories filed a Citizen Petition accusing Celgene of “a company-wide campaign to block generic competition”. The petition asked FDA to adopt procedures that would ensure generic applicants the right to buy sufficient samples to perform bioequivalence testing of drugs that were subject to REMS distribution restrictions. Dr. Reddy’s also suggested that FDA refer any complaints about the anticompetitive use of REMS distribution restrictions to the FTC for investigation.
Celgene denied that it had behaved anticompetitively, arguing that the legislative history strongly suggested that Congress considered and rejected a proposed guaranteed access procedure like the one proposed by Dr. Reddy’s. Celgene further argued that requiring innovator companies to sell their products to potential generic competitors would violate its intellectual property rights and subject it to liability risks in the event that patients were harmed in Dr. Reddy's studies.
Generic manufacturer Lannett Company initiated antitrust litigation that accused Celgene of using its REMS for THALOMID® (thalidomide) to violate the anti-monopolization provisions of the Sherman Act. In early 2011, the district court denied Celgene’s motion to dismiss. The case was set for trial beginning in February 2012, but the parties settled before the trial began, thereby postponing further judicial review of antitrust claims premised on alleged abuse of REMS distribution restrictions.
Celgene’s SEC filings reveal it has received two Civil Investigative Demands from the Federal Trade Commission, as well as a subpoena from the Connecticut Attorney General, seeking information on whether it used its REMS distribution restrictions for either REVLIMID® or THALOMID® to engage in unfair competition. Exact status of these investigations is unknown, however Celgene has publicly disclosed that it is continuing to respond to information requests from antitrust regulators, over three years after receiving the initial notice.
Intellectual Property Disputes
In 2009, Beth R. Jacobson filed suit against Celgene Corporation under the claims of "misappropriation of an idea" and "unjust enrichment" regarding the Company's sale of thalidomide for the treatment of multiple myeloma. The suit alleges that Ms. Jacobson developed the original and novel idea for treating multiple myeloma with thalidomide and therefore entitled to for 300 million in past damages and 25 percent of future sales. Celgene sought dismissal of the case, claiming she waited too long to file her complaint and that she had not presented sufficient evidence in support of her claims to merit a full trial. On April 14 Judge Faith S. Hochberg ordered the case could go ahead, stating that Ms. Jacobsen had advanced an “unprecedented theory,” that one could own the right to a medical therapy “outside the context of patent law or other established forms of intellectual property.” If the court agrees with Jacobson, Hochberg said, this would be “a significant expansion of the misappropriation concept beyond the extent to which it has heretofore been applied.”
On December 13, 2012 The Leonard and Madlyn Abramson Family Cancer Research Institute at Philadelphia’s University of Pennsylvania filed suit against the then head of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center Dr. Craig Thompson. The complaint, which sought damages of more than one billion dollars, alleged that Craig breached his fiduciary duty to the school by using research he helped develop there to start his own company. Celgene, which had licensed the technology from Thompson's company, was listed as a co-defendant in one of two lawsuits filed against Thompson. The suit was settled when Thompson and Penn agreed to a licensing agreement in 2012

</doc>
<doc id="2887617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887617" title="Lingual">
Lingual

Lingual may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887620" title="Siziwang Banner">
Siziwang Banner

Dorbod (Siziwang) Banner (Mongolian: ""; ) is a banner (county equivalent) in Inner Mongolia, China, which is located about north of Hohhot, the capital of Inner Mongolia.
Administration.
The county seat is Wulanhua Town, which has a population of about 200,000. Administratively, Siziwang is within the jurisdiction of Ulaan Chab prefecture-level city.
History.
Chinese "siziwang" literally means "four princes", while Mongolian "dorbed" means "of four". The name comes from four Mongol brothers, Sengge (僧格), Suonuobu (索諾布), Emubu (鄂木布) and Yi'erzhamu (伊爾扎木), who were descendants of Hasar, a brother of Genghis Khan. They led their tribe in participating in the Manchu Qing Dynasty's conquest of Ming China in the early 17th century. In recognition of their service, the Qing court made Emubu the Duoluo Commandery Prince (多羅郡王) in 1649 and settled their tribe in the area of modern Siziwang Banner. The title was hereditary and passed through fourteen of his descendants before communist China abolished all hereditary titles in Inner Mongolia in 1949. The last prince, Sudanamuchaogeji (蘇達那木朝格吉), died as a private citizen in 1957. There is a sculpture of the four original princes in Wulanhua, erected in 2003. 
Spacecraft landing site.
About north of Wulanhua is pasture land called Amugulang in Honggor sum. This is the primary landing site for manned Shenzhou spacecraft. A specially constructed road runs from Wulanhua to Honggor. It was built to support the recovery of the Shenzhou spacecraft. This road shortened the journey between the two towns from two hours to just 40 minutes.
Chinese space program recovery team (with SUV and recovery trucks) will track the progress of re-entry near the landing site and arrive shortly after landing. 
A small recovery truck with a crane will lift the capsule and place on the rear to transport it back to the space centre.

</doc>
<doc id="2887623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887623" title="Jerry Collins">
Jerry Collins

Jerry Collins (born 4 November 1980 in Apia, Samoa) is a professional New Zealand rugby union footballer. He played for New Zealand, for whom he was capped 48 times, and most recently played for Yamaha Júbilo, in the Top League.
Early career.
Collins made New Zealand Secondary Schools through his performance in the 1st XV side at St. Patrick's in Wellington for two seasons running in 1997 and 1998 and was Player of the Tournament at the 1999 World Junior Championships (Under-19) which New Zealand won, becoming the first player for that team to be called up to the All Blacks.
Professional career.
Collins made his Wellington debut in the NPC in 1999, and his Wellington Hurricanes debut in 2001. He made a total of 74 appearances for the Hurricanes between 2001 and 2008, which included an appearance in the 2006 final against the Crusaders at AMI Stadium.
After debuting for the All Blacks in 2001, Collins went on to play 48 test matches, scoring five tries. In June 2006, he captained the All Blacks in a one-off Test match against Argentina, where he led his team to a 25–19 victory in Buenos Aires becoming the 61st captain of the All Blacks. He was named as All Black captain 2007 Rugby World Cup matches against Portugal and Romania, standing in for regular captain Richie McCaw.
Collins retired from international rugby in May 2008. Shortly afterwards, he played in a rugby league match in the Wellington Competition, registered under a different name. The team was fined.
In October 2007, following New Zealand's exit from the 2007 Rugby World Cup, Collins was vacationing in Devon when he was spotted by Barnstaple head coach Kevin Squire who invited him to watch it play at the weekend. Much to the club's surprise Collins turned up so they asked if he minded running a coaching session with the junior section. After doing this Kevin Squire thanked Collins and asked if there was anything they could do to repay him, to which Collins replied he just wanted to play rugby. So the following Saturday Collins turned out for the club's 2nd XV match against local side Newton Abbot. In a match a few weeks later for the Barbarians he wore the Barnstaple socks.
After leaving the Hurricanes, Collins played for Toulon during the 2008-09 season. In May 2009, Collins agreed a two year deal to join Welsh team Ospreys. He was Ospreys' Players' Player of the Year in the 09/10 season.
He currently plays for Yamaha Júbilo in the Top League in Japan, whom he joined at the beginning of the 2011 season.
Personal life.
Collins is a cousin of former All Blacks captain and Hurricanes team mate Tana Umaga. 
In March 2013 Collins was arrested in a Hamamatsu department store after he was spotted carrying a 17cm-long knife. Friends of his claimed he was carrying it for self-defence after he was threatened. He was tested negative for all illegal substances.
A few days after the arrest, Collins said he was "relieved" to have been arrested, as he feared for his life.
In August 2013 there were confirmed reports of aggressive behaviour by Collins in the emergency department of Wellington Hospital while waiting for a friend to be treated. He reportedly told staff to F**K off. Security was called over a loud speaker but when guards arrived, Collins and his friends left the building. 

</doc>
<doc id="2887625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887625" title="Great Wall Movie Enterprises Ltd">
Great Wall Movie Enterprises Ltd

Great Wall Studio was Hong Kong's leading left-wing studio and one committed to making progressive mandarin films with social content as well as entertainment value.
Overview.
In 1948, Zhang Shan Kun co-founded with Yuan Yang An the Great Wall Pictures Corporation. The momentum for developing a Mandarin film industry was established but Zhang and Yuen departed company when the finances and administration of Great Wall became influenced by events happening in China. Yuan stayed in the reorganised Great Wall Movie Enterprises Ltd, which became identified with left-wing tendencies.
Well known for their patriotism towards mainland China, Great Wall often collaborated with Feng Huang (Phoenix) Motion Picture Co and it was the pioneer studio in the early 1950s.
Notable directors and actors.
There are many veterans and talents from China who joined the studio, In the meanwhile, lots of acting talents and directors are cultivated too.
Directors:
Actors:
Present.
In 1982, Great Wall merged with Feng Huang, Chung Yuen and Sun Luen Film Co. as Sil-Metropole Organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="2887633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887633" title="Mandibular (disambiguation)">
Mandibular (disambiguation)

Mandibular means "related to the mandible (lower jaw bone)". Terms containing "mandibular" include:

</doc>
<doc id="2887646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887646" title="Jaquette Löwenhielm">
Jaquette Löwenhielm

Gustava Charlotta "Jacquette" Aurora Gyldenstolpe (4 July 1797 – 7 January 1839, Constantinople) was a Swedish noble and lady-in-waiting. She is known as the mistress of Oscar I of Sweden in circa 1819-1827. 
Jaquette was the daughter of Major General Nils Wexionius, 5th Count Gyldenstolpe (born 31 October 1768 in Forsby, died 28 August 1844 in Stockholm), and his spouse (married 12 April 1796 in Stockholm Castle), the salonist Charlotta Aurora De Geer (born 19 September 1779, died 14 May 1834 in Stockholm). 
Jaquette Gyldenstolpe was a maid of honor to the queen, Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte of Holstein-Gottorp. In 18 September 1817, she married Lieutenant General Count Carl Gustaf Löwenhielm (1790-1858) and moved with him to his estate in Värmland. The marriage was childless. Jaquette did not like the role of mistress at a country estate, and missed life at court. They moved back to the city when her spouse was appointed chamberlain to the Crown Prince. At the royal court, Jaquette became a center of the circle around the Crown Prince, alongside her mother, Gustaf Lagebjelke, Mariana Koskull and the wife of the Dutch ambassador, which amused themselves with masquerades and French language amateur theater at Rosersberg Palace. Jaquette and Oscar was pointed out as lovers in many private letters of the time. They behaved intimately with each other and it was noted that Jaquette did not use his title when she spoke to him. Her spouse tried to have her removed from court, but was prevented by her mother. 
In 1822, Crown Prince Oscar was sent on his trip to Europe to find a bride. Jaquettes spouse Carl Gustaf Löwenhielm was a part of the entourage, and while he worked for Josephine of Leuchtenberg to be selected among the candidates, Jaquettes mother worked for a Princess of Hesse-Cassel. When Josephine was chosen, Carl Gustaf Löwenhielm was entrusted with the arrangements and made many trips to Bavaria in 1822-23: afterward, he was made Swedish envoy to Constantinople in 1824-1827. During his absence, Jaquette remained in Sweden. Jaquette bore a daughter by the name of Oscara, who has been pointed out as the daughter of Oscar. The baby was given up to burgher-class foster-parents, and was given their last name. In 1827, Jaquettes spouse Carl Gustaf Löwenhielm returned to Sweden and interrogated her with out success about the rumors and about the luxurious decoration of her apartment. He then filed for a divorce. 
Jaquette divorced Löwenhielm on 1 September 1829 on the grounds of different characters. Her second marriage to the Finnish Baron Uno von Troil (1803-1839) took place on 21 August 1838. Both spouses died within a year of the marriage in Turkey, where Baron von Troil held a diplomatic post. This marriage too was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="2887653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887653" title="Treadle">
Treadle

A treadle OE "tredan", to tread is a part of a machine which is operated by the foot to produce reciprocating or rotary motion in a machine such as a weaving loom (reciprocating) or grinder (rotary). Treadles can also be used to power water pumps (as in the treadle pump), or to turn wood lathes (as in the pole lathe). In the past, treadles have been used to power a range of machines including sewing machines, looms, wood saws, cylinder phonographs and metal lathes. Along with cranks, treadmills, and treadwheels, they allowed human and animal power of machinery in the absence of electric machinery.
Sewing machines.
Many of the early sewing machines were powered by a treadle mechanism. The treadle was operated by pressing down on it with a foot, or both feet, to cause a rocking movement. This movement spins a large wheel on the treadle frame, connected by a thin leather belt to a smaller driving wheel on the sewing machine.

</doc>
<doc id="2887655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887655" title="David Grant USAF Medical Center">
David Grant USAF Medical Center

The David Grant USAF Medical Center (DGMC) at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, California, is the U.S. Air Force’s largest medical facility on the west coast. Serving military beneficiaries throughout eight western states, it is a milestone in the history of the Air Force Medical Service and one of the premier medical treatment facilities in the United States. A fully accredited hospital with a National Quality Approval gold seal by the Joint Commission, DGMC currently serves over 96,000 TRICARE beneficiaries in the immediate San Francisco-Sacramento vicinity.
History.
1943-1949.
The medical center first opened its doors to patients on 1 July 1943 as the 4167th Station Hospital at Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Field. Hospital buildings were of cantonment-type construction, housing seven wards with a total capacity of 125 beds. Two wards were allocated for medical service, one for convalescent patients and one for a crash ward temporarily doubling as a redistribution point of supply. The remaining ward was used for examinations, briefings and medical clearance.
The first minor operation was performed in the hospital on 26 July 1943. Prior to this, all surgery was performed at Hamilton Army Air Field near San Francisco. The first major operation for acute appendicitis was successfully performed on 6 August 1943.
In 1945 Congress approved the construction of a 670-bed Aerial Debarkation Hospital and the reconstruction of the 150-bed Station Hospital, and the project was immediately begun in June. The designs for the Aerial Debarkation Hospital called for seven wards, six of 100 beds. The seventh, for 70 beds, would be for mental health patients. The wards would accommodate eight patients in each room. A two-story Base Hospital would consist of four wards with a capacity of 150 beds.
After V-J Day, the primary mission of Fairfield-Suisun became the processing of returned troops for redeployment and transfer to separation centers. The mission of the AAF Station Hospital was to provide medical care for the station complement and transient personnel, and to perform routine examinations prior to the transfer to separation centers. With the cessation of hostilities with Japan, the construction of the holding station and hospital ceased. The floor of the tunnel and 80 percent of the footings had been poured. One long wall and several wing walls of concrete had been poured to first floor level and the area had been rough graded. Whatever work had been completed on the foundation was subsequently torn out.
The mission needs of Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Field had to be reevaluated as the west coast base from which the Air Transportation Command would conduct its foreign commitment. When this was completed in favor of maintaining the base, additional funds were allocated on 25 March 1946 to complete construction of projects at the base, among which was the hospital.
Excavation work for the 150-bed Station Hospital was started on 17 March 1947 after many revisions of plans. To allow the temporary hospital to continue its functions and, at the same time to clear the site for the new Air Freight Terminal and apron, a few of the existing hospital buildings were salvaged. Services continued in cramped quarters. The Stolte Incorporated had the contract for erecting the hospital building and Morrison-Knudsen Company, Inc., handled the landscaping and roads around the hospital.
As the transition to separate the Air Force from the U.S. Army began in 1947, all Station Hospital personnel were assigned to the newly designated 8th Medical Group (provisional). It consisted of two squadrons: the 81st Medical Squadron (provisional), composed of all medical department duty personnel, and the 82nd Medical Squadron (provisional), composed entirely of hospital patients.
On 1 Jun 1948 at the recently redesignated Fairfield Suisun AFB, the 8th Medical Group was redesignated 530th Medical Services Squadron, 530th Air Transport Wing. Just a few months later on 1 Oct 1948, the 530th Medical Services Squadron was redesignated 1501st Medical Services Squadron.
On 2 May 1949, the Strategic Air Command (SAC) took over the jurisdiction of Fairfield-Suisun AFB, with the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing activated. One of its components was the 9th Medical Group, whose mission was to run the hospital. In addition to providing the usual care for base and attached personnel, the hospital serviced personnel passing through the separation center and took care of air evacuation patients.
On 20 May 1949, the hospital moved into its new permanent installation, known to the locals as "The Hospital on the Hill." A total of 148 people were assigned: 24 officers, 10 nurses, 72 enlisted men, and 42 civilian personnel.
On 5 Nov 1949, the 5th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing was attached to the 9th Wing. The hospital functioned under two medical groups: the 9th and the 5th—but was under command jurisdiction of the 9th.
1950-1959.
A Physical Evaluation Board was established on 1 June 1950, and the hospital was designated as a center for Air Force patients requiring general surgical and medical care. As the only aerial debarkation hospital on the west coast, the facility was modified during the 1950s as the newly renamed Travis AFB. As a result of the Korean War, all patients evacuated by air from Pacific bases debarked at Travis. Facilities had to be expanded to meet new needs. In August 1950, the hospital airmen’s barracks were converted into a hospital annex, with 118 additional beds. The total number of patients evacuated by air during the month was 1304, in comparison to 514 for the previous month. Just four months later in December 1950, the hospital reached a peak of 5,475 patients received by air evacuation.
When the 9th Bombardment Wing, including the 9th Medical Group, moved from Travis AFB to Mountain Home AFB, Idaho on 1 May 1953, the 5th Medical Group took over the hospital at Travis.
After the Armistice in Korea became effective, the first group of American prisoners of war, from the mass exchange of prisoners with the Communists, arrived at Travis on 12 August 1953. On 12 Feb 1954, the 5th Medical Group was inactivated. The 5th Tactical Hospital and the 4167th USAF Hospital were activated and both assigned to the 5th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing. Their mission to staff the hospital remained unchanged until 1 Apr 1954, when the 4167th was relieved from assignment to the 5th Wing and reassigned directly to the 14th Air Division (5th Air Base Group, 14th Air Division, Fifteenth Air Force, Strategic Air Command).
On 30 Jun 1954, the first planeload from war in Indo-China, consisting of 16 litters and 31 ambulatory French patients, arrived at the Travis hospital. The French Naval attaché of the West Coast, the manager of the French newspaper, and the French consul general visited the French patients.
On 1 July 1958, the Military Air Transport Service (MATS) resumed command of Travis AFB from Strategic Air Command (later redesignated as Military Airlift Command on 1 January 1966).
1960-1969.
Additional construction to USAF Hospital Travis was completed in 1961, which included conversion of the former nurses’ quarters to a casualty staging facility. Temporary conversion of a transient airmen’s dormitory in 1965 enabled the hospital to reach 650 beds. With the growing conflict in Southeast Asia after the Gulf of Tonkin incident in 1965, USAF Hospital Travis became the central receiving medical facility for aeromedical evacuation of soldiers, sailors, marines and airmen wounded during the Vietnam War.
On 1 July 1966, the USAF Hospital at Travis AFB was designated David Grant USAF Medical Center in honor of the late Major General (Dr.) David Norvell Walker Grant, USAAF, MC (1891–1964), the first Surgeon General of the Army Air Corps and U.S. Army Air Forces. The medical center was a wing-equivalent as well as a tenant on Travis AFB.
Postgraduate educational programs were implemented at DGMC in 1966 when planning began for five residency programs. The Air Force and Medical Service Accreditation Committee for Graduate Medical Education gave provisional approval to start the General Surgery, Pediatrics, Obstetrical/Gynecological, Internal Medicine, and Radiology residency programs with a start date of 1 July 1967. Other programs offered at DGMC included Physician Assistant in Orthopedics, Pharmacy Practice, Nurse Anesthesia, and Administrative Residency.
Residency programs with the local communities: In addition to training active duty officers, DGMC partners with the local community and reserve forces to provide training. DGMC has active affiliations with UC Davis School of Medicine, UC San Francisco, University of the Pacific, Solano Community College and a number of the other local training institutions. General Dentistry and Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery postgraduate education programs were added in 1969.
On 1 July 1969, USAF implemented a new medical system dividing CONUS into six geographical areas, each composed of one large AF medical facility designated as a Medical Center and smaller referral hospitals designated regional hospitals. DGMC became the Medical Center for 24 other active AF installations, including three regional hospitals in a nine-state area. DGMC also received referral patients from the Pacific area and cared for transient patients at the Second Aeromedical Staging Flight, an assigned unit.
1970-1979.
In 1978, the Family Practice postgraduate educational program and Transitional Year Residency programs were initiated. It has long been one of the premier Family Practice residency programs in the Air Force and the nation. Today the accredited program trains 42 residents a year (14-14-14) in a variety of inpatient and outpatient settings. Residents train both in the Family Practice Clinic and on other specialty rotations, as well as other designated training sites. Consultation services are available with board certified individuals in all departments. In the first year of training, the program emphasizes inpatient management of medical problems, largely through rotations on a variety of specialty services. In the second year, inpatient skills are refined and greater exposure to outpatient clinics is provided. During the third year, the emphasis is within the model family practice unit, integrating acquired knowledge into the total primary health care of families.
The transitional internship at DGMC is a 12-month program with four interns selected per year from a very competitive group of applicants for a flexible and broad-based clinical experience. It is fully accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME). The transitional internship is designed to fulfill the educational goals of medical school graduates.
1980-1989.
On 21 October 1988, the medical center moved from “the Hospital on the Hill” to its current location, a state-of-the-art, modern medical center, located on the northwest portion of the base with a separate gate entrance. The former “Hospital on the Hill” is now known as Building 381, home to the Fifteenth Air Force Headquarters and the 60th Mission Support Squadron.
1990-1999.
In late 1989, DGMC saw the opening of a world-class Hyperbaric Medicine department. One of the largest clinical hyperbaric chambers in North America and the second largest in the world, it can hold 18 patients and three inside observers in the main chamber, and up to five patients in either of the other two chambers respectively. Constantly staffed, maintained and fully operational 24 hours a day, seven days a week and 365 days a year basis since 1990, it cost approximately $12 million to build. Over the past thirteen years of its operation, the chamber has not closed once due to a system failure or malfunction.
In 1991, the medical center deployed 750 physicians, dentists, nurses, MSCs, BSCs, and enlisted personnel to Nocton Hall, England to activate the 310th Contingency Hospital to receive casualties during Operation DESERT STORM.
Headquarters, Military Airlift Command redesignates the wing as the 60th Airlift Wing on 1 Nov 1991. Just seven months later on 1 Jun 1992, Military Airlift Command (MAC) becomes Air Mobility Command (AMC)
1992-1993 saw many humanitarian operations supported by the 60th AMW, including Operation Provide Comfort in Iraq, Operation Provide Hope in the former Soviet Union, Operation Provide Promise in Bosnia, and Operation Provide Relief and Operation Restore Hope in Somalia.
In January 1994, the Travis Fisher House open its doors and has to date served over 2,800 guests. Co-located on the grounds of DGMC within a short walking distance, this house with the comfort and atmosphere of a home has two single bedrooms, three double rooms, and two double room suites, a large common room, dining room, fully stocked kitchen, laundry and office. It accommodates up to seven families or 16 people at a time, and provides a comfortable retreat for patient's families. The average occupancy rate during 2007 was 91% on a first-come, first-serve basis for those meeting the eligibility criteria. The only primary criteria is a need to provide a family environment close to the patient.
The Fisher House Foundation provides humanitarian support to members United States Armed Forces and their families. Fisher Houses provide comfortable temporary lodging for families when a military member or dependent requires specialized or extended medical care. Fisher House facilities enabled families to stay together while a loved one is undergoing long-term treatment.
July-Sept 1994—Operation Support Hope: Rwanda, multinational relief effort
On 1 July 1994 the medical center was re-designated the David Grant Medical Center, dropping the “USAF” reference. AMC redesignated the 60th Airlift Wing as 60th Air Mobility Wing, while the 60th Medical Group came into existence on 1 Oct 1994. Four new squadrons were then activated under the 60th Medical Group: 60th Aerospace Medicine Squadron (60 AMDS), 60th Dental Squadron (60 DS), 60th Medical Operations Squadron (60 MDOS) and 60th Medical Support Squadron (60 MDSS).
On 15 Sept 1994, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the United States Air Force signed a construction permit reflecting an interagency agreement to allow the VA to build a VA outpatient clinic as an addition to David Grant Medical Center. The combined facility would be a joint venture to be operated by both VA and the Air Force in what will be one of the more fully integrated medical sharing arrangements between federal departments. The project would result in considerable cost savings through the sharing of resources and joint operation of the facility.
Sept 1994—Operation Phoenix Shark: U.S. response to Haitian power struggle
Oct 1994—Operation Restore Democracy: Haiti and Operation Phoenix Jackal: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait (Iraq military advances on Kuwait border)
Late 1994—Operations Panama/Phoenix/Safe Haven (repatriation of Cuban refugees in Panama)
From February 1995 to August 1995, 145 members of the 60th Medical Group deployed to Zagreb, Croatia in support of the United Nations peacekeeping mission in the former Yugoslavia. The 60th Medical Group Forward at Camp Pleso provided comprehensive medical and surgical care to U.N. members from dozens of countries. The medical center has also deployed individual members throughout the world to support military and humanitarian efforts of the Air Force.
21 Jan 1995—Operation Phoenix Onyx: Spain (redeployment of troops out of Somalia)
10 Feb 1995—Bosnia-Croatia war: Members of the 60th Medical Group deployed to Zagreb, Croatia, for six months and served as the UN hospital team in that war-torn region.
Medical technicians assigned to the 60th Aerospace Medicine Squadron received notification on 31 Mar 1995 that the unit’s flight physical team earned highest honors in the Rochester Institute of Technology and USA Today Quality Cup Award competition. This marked the first time a military organization earned the top honor in any of the competition’s six categories.
5 Dec 1995—Operation Joint Endeavor/Phoenix Moat: Bosnia-Herzegovina (a NATO peace mission in the Balkans)
Effective 1 Oct 1999, the “USAF” moniker was reinstituted back into the current name of David Grant USAF Medical Center.
2000-present.
In February 2000, the medical "campus" grew in size as a new Veterans Administration Outpatient Clinic opened for business. It was to augment services lost at the VA Martinez Medical Center as a result of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake. Simplicity and structural expression characterize the architecture of the VA Northern California Health Care System's (VANCHCS) Fairfield Outpatient Clinic at Travis Air Force Base; it provides health services to veterans in Northern California. Located next to DGMC, the clinic complements services provided at other Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in the San Francisco and Sacramento Valley region.
The single-story, structure blends icons of aviation into three volumes of space, resulting in clear wayfinding between the central lobby and the clinical and ancillary wings. The design provides an easily accessible central lobby with well-defined circulation and naturally lit, acoustically softened waiting areas. Exterior massing evokes aeronautic imagery while screening public spaces from the sun. Inside, exposed steel bracing reflects the form of lightweight aircraft, while simultaneously framing directional signage to key primary and ancillary care services.
Planning concepts express the building's structural system, while preserving functional flexibility. Clinical spaces are grouped as flexible modules to allow changes of use without changes in construction. For example, administrative departments can be easily converted to exam and treatment space and, similarly, individual offices can easily convert to clinical treatment rooms.
The building footprint consists of three distinct zones: an open entrance lobby; a modular clinical block, which anticipates future conversion from primary care to specialty use; and an ancillary support block, which allows for future conversion to soft space for enhanced diagnostic and treatment functions. A lobby with a clerestory links interior and exterior spaces through a gradual progression of inviting materials and finishes.
The VA Fairfield Outpatient Clinic offers a wide range of services including primary care, hemodialysis, laboratory, mental health, neurology, neurosurgery, nutrition counseling, otolaryngology (ENT), pharmacy, and physical therapy. Radiology, radiation therapy, emergency and inpatient care are available at DGMC through a unique VA/DOD Sharing Agreement.
DGMC currently operates the second-largest readiness platform in the Air Force Medical Service and largest in Air Mobility Command, with over 1,000 of 2,000 60th Medical Group personnel assigned to mobility positions. DGMC is routinely called upon to support sustainment and surge operations, providing medical capability throughout the world. Hospital personnel continue to deploy in support of contingency and humanitarian missions “anytime, anywhere.” They continue to ensure world-class medical care and service to its customers at home.
On 25 Jan 2002 DGMC opened the $1.5 million Warfighter Photorefractive Keratectomy Center (PRK), one of only five in the Air Force Medical Service. The center includes an upgraded $50,000 laser-eye treatment system, a state-of-the-art technology to increase service to active-duty patients with high astigmatism. This corrective surgery makes more personnel combat-ready.
In June 2002, the 60th Medical Group was nationally recognized with the Picker Institute's Benchmark Hospital Award for the "United States’ Most Patient-Centered Hospital for the Emotional Support Dimension of Care".
Work began in January 2003 on four new labor and delivery suites in the OB ward. Within the dental clinic, a new $900,000 state-of-the-art centralized Dental Instrument Processing Center will improve processing time by approximately 50 percent.
“Gulf War II” began in March and June 2003. More than 200 60th Medical Group personnel deployed to Middle East, Southwest Asia and other worldwide locations at any given time.
In 2004, the Air Force decided to expand the Family Medicine Residency Program and to close the Obstetrics & Gynecology, Internal Medicine and Pediatrics Residency programs, effective 30 June 2006. In addition, the General Surgery Residency Program merged with the University of California Davis program effective 1 July 2006. In 2008, the Air Force Surgeon General approved a plan to train Air Force Internal Medicine Residents in an innovative program conducted at University of California Davis, with a military track at DGMC. This new program, benefitting both the future Air Force mission and current patient population, was initiated in July 2009.
Medical incident.
On July 9, 2009 a serious medical incident occurred at DGMC. According to various published media reports, a resident (student), operating under the supervision of a staff surgeon nicked or punctured the aorta of an active duty patient, Colton Read, during a laparoscopic gall bladder surgical procedure. The surgeon repaired the aorta quickly enough to save Read's life, but clotted blood blocked the arteries to his legs. The patient was transferred to UC Davis Medical Center several hours later, but not in time for a cardiovascular surgeon to save his legs. They had to be amputated.
Medical centers and the Air Force immediately investigate any major incident at a military treatment facility (MTF). The Joint Commission, DGMC's accrediting organization, was notified of the incident, and multiple medical investigations — both internal and external — were immediately initiated. These investigations are designed to not only prevent incident recurrence and improve the safety and quality of healthcare at the facility in question, but also throughout the medical profession. To encourage candor from witnesses, the information gained is confidential. A command-directed investigation by Air Force officials was completed in March 2010; it recommended no formal criminal action against the doctors involved in the surgery. No decisions regarding medical separation or retirement will be made until the patient in question is through the recovery and rehabilitation phase of his treatment.
DGMC in the 21st century.
DGMC is the largest inpatient military treatment facility in Air Mobility Command and the second largest in the United States Air Force, providing a full spectrum of care to a prime service area population of nearly 106,000 TRICARE beneficiaries in the immediate San Francisco-Sacramento vicinity and 377,000 in the Department of Veterans Affairs Northern California Health Care System. It operates with an annual budget of $123 million and is staffed by over 2,500 personnel, which includes nearly 600 active duty officers, over 1,000 enlisted personnel, nearly 70 Individual Mobilization Augmentee reservists, over 260 Civil Service civilians, nearly 350 contractors, over 70 Red Cross workers and 160 highly dedicated military retiree volunteers.
Based on Fiscal Year 2010 data, total patient encounters numbered over 323,000, with an average day consisting of over 1,500 outpatient visits seen in clinics, over 50 ER visits, over 10 ER admissions, over 160 dental appointments, over 2,200 prescriptions filled, two babies delivered, over 1,200 meals served, over 300 radiographs (X-rays) taken, over 15 admissions, over 10 surgical operations, six hyperbaric chamber treatments and over 1,300 lab tests conducted. DGMC also operates one of only two Air Force Medical Service inpatient mental health facilities and has a modern 12-bed medical/surgical intensive care unit.
The present state-of-the-art medical center opened its doors on 19 December 1988 at a cost of $193 million, through a design-build contract. The project was completed ahead of schedule and $8 million below original budget projections. DGMC is divided into three separate patient zones: inpatient nursing units, diagnostic and treatment areas, and outpatient clinics, placed around five large courtyards. These provide a pleasing environment as well as natural lighting and views for patient rooms.
DGMC encompasses 808,475 net square feet with 3,662 rooms. It is staffed to operate 84 inpatient beds (expandable to 176), 16 aeromedical staging facility beds (expandable to 40) and 52 dental treatment rooms in the adjacent Arthur J. Sachsel Dental Clinic. The “footprint” measures greater than two football fields in width and almost four football fields in length. It received five national awards for design and construction. Built to withstand major earthquakes, it can operate for up to a week using integral utility capabilities. Additionally, integral structural components and foundations are sized for future vertical expansion.
Key highlights.
Aeromedical Staging Facility.
The Aeromedical Staging Facility is one of only three in the United States; it provides care on a worldwide basis for Wounded Warriors traveling in the aeromedical evacuation system. It is the sole Air Force-bedded ASF on the west coast, serving as the “jumping off” point for the Pacific theater. From FY05 to date, over 3,600 patients from Operations IRAQI FREEDOM and ENDURING FREEDOM have passed through the ASF. The monthly average is 30 patients; more than 40 Veterans Affairs patients have transferred to VA Palo Alto for treatment.
Graduate Medical Education.
DGMC operates the second-largest Graduate Medical Education program in the Air Force, consisting of five Medical, two Dental, and three Allied Health Sciences, seven Phase II and four Nurse Transition Program classes per year, with 101 students/residents per year. A certified registered nurse anesthetist class, in conjunction with the U.S. Army’s Graduate Program in Anesthesia Nursing at Ft. Sam Houston / Baylor College, is ranked number one out of 112 programs in the United States. DGMC’s Family Medicine program, with 42 residents in surgical, radiological, and transitional courses, is the largest in the Air Force. The General Surgery and Internal Medicine Residency programs treat civilian and military patients in partnership with the University of California at Davis. Diagnostic Radiology, Transitional Year, Advanced Education in General Dentistry, Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery, Pharmacy Practice and Social Work Residency programs round out the suite of GME programs. Additionally, DGMC offers six Phase II training programs for enlisted medical technicians and a Nurse Transition Program for 310 students annually.
VA/DoD Sharing – Joint Incentive Fund.
DGMC has become a specialty care referral hub for Northern California Veterans Health Administration patients with inpatient/outpatient care and facility sharing agreements. VA/DoD Joint Venture programs include the $1.6 million Hemodialysis and $607,000 Peritoneal Dialysis units. A $5.5 million Joint Spine and Neurosurgery service was added in 2007. A $5.9 million Joint Inpatient Mental Health Unit and a $5.7 million Joint Radiation Oncology Center were upgraded to state-of-the-art services in 2009. Meanwhile, a $4.4 million robotically-assisted Cardiovascular Operating Room (CVOR) -- one of only five in the nation—opened in October 2010 as part of a Heart, Lung and Cardiovascular Care Center. Additionally, DGMC provides Hyperbaric Medicine support for VA San Francisco and VA Palo Alto Medical Centers.
Readiness Platform.
DGMC personnel have performed expeditionary medical missions for both combat support and humanitarian missions, ranging from Iraq, Afghanistan and the Indonesian Tsunami to Hurricane Rita and California wildfire relief efforts stateside. DGMC also fulfills a key role in the National Response Plan as the Sacramento-region Federal Coordinating Center for the National Disaster Medical System.
As one of the USAF Constant Deployer Model sites, DGMC has over 730 mobility positions in 45 different standard Unit Type Codes filled by 150 different Air Force Specialty Codes. DGMC currently provides the lead support to the Craig Joint Theater Hospital in Bagram, Afghanistan and surgical support to the Joint Theater Hospital in Balad, Iraq. The current steady state has approximately 150 medical personnel deployed in support of Aerospace Expeditionary Force rotations and humanitarian missions (such as the Indonesian Tsunami and Hurricane Rita relief efforts) while ensuring world-class medical care and service to its customers at home.
DGMC also fulfills a key role in the National Response Plan as the Sacramento region Federal Coordinating Center for the National Disaster Medical System.

</doc>
<doc id="2887663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887663" title="Kamburupitiya">
Kamburupitiya

Kamburupitiya is a town located 12 miles north of the southern town of Matara, Sri Lanka. Located in a wet, hilly zone, some of the worlds best cinnamon, tea with high tannin are grown. Traditional employment is growing rubber and working on the rice paddy fields in the low-lying lands, but these are not popular with many from the younger generation. Less well-known are the treasure troves of Tourmaline and the garnets that lie below some of the fields. 
See also.
Thumbe, Sri Lanka

</doc>
<doc id="2887665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887665" title="The Sheaf">
The Sheaf

The Sheaf is a student run newspaper serving the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan since 1912. A new issue comes out every Thursday with approximately 9,000 copies per issue.
"The Sheaf" is a student-run non-profit organization. It receives part of its operating budget from U of S students in the form of a direct-levy; the remainder of the revenue is generated through advertising. The financial affairs are governed by an eight-member Board of Directors, seven of whom are students.
Mission.
The mission of "The Sheaf" is to inform and entertain students by addressing those issues that are relevant to life on campus, in the city, or in the province. The newspaper is also meant to be a forum for discussion on a wide range of issues that concern students.
The paper is written for students by students. Most of the staff (editors, photographers, artists) are student-journalists. With this composition, The Sheaf tries to stay in touch with students on this campus. It offers unique insight to university issues through a student perspective.
Contents.
"The Sheaf" is divided into four main sections: news, opinions, arts and culture, and sports — especially focusing on the University of Saskatchewan Huskies. Feature articles and special sections sometimes fall outside the main sections. "The Sheaf's" website has had a fifth section — technology — since 2011.
Editorial policy.
The Editor-in-Chief has the right to veto any submission deemed unfit for the Society newspaper. In determining this the editor will decide if the article or artwork would be of interest to a significant portion of the society and benefit the welfare of the readers. "The Sheaf" will not publish any racist, sexist, homophobic, or libelous material.
All undergraduate students at the University of Saskatchewan are members of The Sheaf Publishing Society. Students are encouraged to contribute content to the newspaper.
Organizational structure.
All University of Saskatchewan undergraduate students are considered members of The Sheaf Publishing Society, giving each the right to have a say in the operation of the newspaper, which includes standing for (or voting for) the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors is the executive arm of the Society. It is the legal representative for the organization. It sets and administers the budget, determines employee contracts, the acquisition and liquidation of assets, and sets goals for the Society.
Under the Board, there are the Business and Advertising Manager, Editor-in-Chief, Section Editors, and other staff members. The Business Manager is the Board's liaison in the office and is responsible for all accounting records, inventory, public relations, and office administration.
The Business and Advertising Manager is responsible for marketing, sales (revenue) generation, and is the representative of the newspaper to the business community.
The Editor-in-Chief oversees the publication of the paper and gives the editorial side its direction and focus. He/she will write, assign, and edit articles. This managing editor also runs meetings, develops new writers, and coordinates the paper with the Section Editors.
Section Editors also write, assign and edit articles, but they are more refined in their focus. Each one has a specific area of coverage: news, sports, entertainment, and features.
Also on staff are the Photography Editor, Production Manager, Graphics Editor, Copy Editor, Web Editor, and Delivery Coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="2887667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887667" title="Transition to the New Order">
Transition to the New Order

Indonesia's transition to the "New Order" in the mid-1960s, ousted the country's first president, Sukarno, after 22 years in the position. One of the most tumultuous periods in the country's modern history, it was the commencement of Suharto's 31-year presidency.
Described as the great "dhalang" ("puppet master"), Sukarno drew power from balancing the opposing and increasingly antagonistic forces of the army and Indonesian Communist Party (PKI). By 1965, the PKI extensively penetrated all levels of government and gained influence at the expense of the army. 
On September 30, 1965, six of the military's most senior officers were killed in an action (generally labeled an "attempted coup") by the so-called 30 September Movement, a group from within the armed forces. Within a few hours, Major General Suharto mobilized forces under his command and took control of Jakarta. Anti-communists, initially following the army's lead, went on a violent purge of communists throughout the country, killing an estimated half million people and destroying the PKI, which was officially blamed for the crisis.
The politically weakened Sukarno was forced to transfer key political and military powers to General Suharto, who had become head of the armed forces. In March 1967, the Indonesian parliament (MPRS) named General Suharto acting president. He was formally appointed president one year later. Sukarno lived under virtual house arrest until his death in 1970. In contrast to the stormy nationalism, revolutionary rhetoric, and economic failure that characterised the early 1960s under the left-leaning Sukarno, Suharto's pro-Western "New Order" stabilised the economy but continued the policies of Pancasila.
Background.
Nationalist leader Sukarno had declared Indonesian independence in 1945 and was appointed president. Following an internal national revolution and struggle against the former Dutch colonial government, Sukarno had managed to hold together the disparate country; however, his administration had not been able to provide a viable economic system to lift its citizens out of severe poverty. He stressed socialist policies domestically and an avidly anti-imperialist international policy, underpinned by an authoritarian style of rule dependent upon his charismatic personality. Pursuing an independent Indonesian foreign policy, Sukarno developed friendly ties with the Soviet bloc, People's Republic of China, whilst courting friendly relations with the United States at the same, in his efforts to maximise Indonesian bargaining power in its foreign policy. Sukarno was also a pioneering figure in developing the Non-Aligned Movement, playing a lead role in hosting the Bandung Conference in 1955. In Indonesia's domestic politics, Sukarno also carefully balanced Indonesia's various political parties, including the Communist Party of Indonesia.
From the late 1950s, political conflict and economic deterioration worsened. By the mid-1960s, the cash-strapped government had to scrap critical public sector subsidies, estimates put annual inflation at 500-1,000%, export revenues were shrinking, infrastructure crumbling, and factories were operating at minimal capacity with negligible investment. Severe poverty and hunger were widespread, and Sukarno led his country in a military confrontation with Malaysia whilst stepping up revolutionary and anti-western rhetoric.
Described as the great "dalang" ("puppet master"), President Sukarno's position came to depend on balancing the opposing and increasingly hostile forces of the army and Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI). His anti-imperial ideology saw Indonesia increasingly dependent on the Soviet Union and China. By 1965 at the height of the Cold War, the PKI penetrated all levels of government extensively. With the support of Sukarno and the air force, the party gained increasing influence at the expense of the army, thus ensuring the army's enmity. By late 1965, the army was divided between a left-wing faction allied with the PKI, and a right-wing faction that was being courted by the United States.
Military split.
These same policies, however, won Sukarno few friends and many enemies in the Western nations. These especially included the United States and United Kingdom, whose investors were increasingly angered by Sukarno's nationalization of mineral, agricultural, and energy assets. In need of Indonesian allies in its Cold War against the Soviet Union, the United States cultivated a number of ties with officers of the military through exchanges and arms deals. This fostered a split in the military's ranks, with the United States and others backing a right-wing faction against a left-wing faction overlapping with the Communist Party of Indonesia.
When Sukarno rejected food aid from USAID, thereby exacerbating famine conditions, the right-wing military adopted a regional command structure through which it could smuggle staple commodities to win the loyalty of the rural population. In an attempt to curtail the right-wing military's increasing power, the Communist Party of Indonesia and the left-wing military formed a number of peasant and other mass organizations.
Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation.
In 1963, a policy of "Konfrontasi" (Confrontation) against the newly formed Federation of Malaysia was announced by the Sukarno regime. This further exacerbated the split between the left-wing and right-wing military factions, with the left-wing faction and the Communist Party taking part in guerrilla raids on the border with Malaysia, while the right-wing faction was largely absent from the conflict (whether by choice or orders of Sukarno is not clear).
The Confrontation further encouraged the West to seek ways to topple Sukarno, viewed as a growing threat to Southeast Asian regional stability (as with North Vietnam under the Domino Theory). The deepening of the armed conflict, coming close to all-out warfare by 1965, both increased popular dissatisfaction with the Sukarno regime and strengthened the hand of the right-wing generals whose forces were still close to the center of power in Jakarta.
The collapse of Guided Democracy.
30 September Movement.
On the night of 30 September-1 October 1965 six senior army generals were kidnapped and executed in Jakarta by a battalion of soldiers from the Presidential Guard in an "attempted coup." The right faction among the top generals was wiped out, including the powerful Army Chief of Staff, Ahmad Yani. Around 2,000 troops from coup group occupied three sides of Merdeka Square, and commanded the Presidential Palace, radio station, and telecommunications centre, but did not occupy the east side, site of Kostrad headquarters. Calling themselves the "30 September Movement", the group announced on radio around 7am that they were trying to stop a military coup backed by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that was planned to remove Sukarno from power.
They claimed to have arrested several generals belonging to a conspiracy, the "Council of Generals", that had plotted a military coup against the government of President Sukarno. They further alleged that this coup was to take place on "Army Day" (October 5) with the backing of the CIA, and that the Council would then install themselves as a military junta. Furthermore, the soldiers proclaimed the establishment of a "Revolutionary Council" consisting of various well-known military officers and civilian leaders that would be the highest authority in Indonesia. Additionally, they declared President Sukarno's Dwikora Cabinet as invalid ("demisioner").
According to one chief conspirator Lieut-Col Latief, the Palace Guards had not attempted to kill or capture Major General Suharto, commander of Kostrad (Komando Strategi dan Cadangan TNI Angkatan Darat - the Army Strategic and Reserves Command), because he was considered a Sukarno loyalist. Suharto, along with the surviving General Nasution, made the counter-allegation that the G30S was a rebellious movement that sought to replace President Sukarno's government with a Communist government. Upon hearing of the radio announcement, Suharto and Nasution began consolidating their forces, successfully gaining the loyalty of Jakarta Garrison Commander Maj-Gen Umar Wirahadikusumah and Colonel Sarwo Edhie Wibowo, the commander of army special forces RPKAD (Resimen Para Komando Angkatan Darat - Army's Para-Commando Regiment).
During the evening of October 1, RPKAD soldiers recaptured RRI and Telecommunications Building without any resistance as the rebel soldiers had retreated back to Halim Base. RPKAD forces proceeded to attack Halim Perdanakusumah AF Base on the morning of October 2, but was stopped by the rebel soldiers in a fierce gunbattle in which several fatalities were inflicted on both sides. A direct order from President Sukarno managed to secure the surrender of the rebel soldiers by noon, after which Suhartoist forces occupied the base. On 3 October, the generals' bodies were discovered at Halim and on 5 October (Armed Forces Day) a large public funeral was held.
Internal military power-struggle.
The killing of the generals saw influence in the army fall to those more willing to stand up to Sukarno and the army's enemies on the left. After the assassinations of those generals, the highest-ranking officer in the Indonesian military, and third highest in the overall chain-of-command, was Defense Minister and Armed Forces Chief-of-Staff Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, a member of the right-wing camp.
On 2 October, Suharto accepted Sukarno's order for him to take control of the army, but on the condition that Suharto personally have authority to restore order and security. The 1 November formation of Kopkamtib ("Komando Operasi Pemulihan Keamanan dan Keteriban", or Operational Command for the Restoration of Security and Order), formalised this authority. However, on October 5 Sukarno moved to promote Maj. Gen. Pranoto Reksosamudra, considered a Sukarno-loyalist, to Army Chief-of-Staff.
After the promotion, "The New York Times" reported that an unnamed Western "diplomatic report" alleged that Pranoto was a former member of the PKI. Pranoto's alleged communism, as well as his timely promotion, led them to promote the view that the PKI and Sukarno conspired to assassinate the generals to consolidate their grip on power.
In the aftermath of the assassinations, however, Major Gen. Suharto and his KOSTRAD (Army Strategic Reserves) units were closest to Jakarta. By default, Suharto became the field general in charge of prosecution of the G30S. Later, at the insistence of Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, Pranoto was removed and Suharto was promoted to Army Chief-of-Staff on October 14, 1965.
Anti-communist purge.
In early October, a military propaganda campaign began to sweep the country, successfully convincing both Indonesian and international audiences that it was a Communist coup, and that the murders were cowardly atrocities against Indonesian heroes. The 30 September Movement was called "Gestapu" (from "Gerakan September Tigapuluh", "30 September Movement"). The Army, acting on orders by Suharto and supervised by Nasution, began a campaign of agitation and incitement to violence among Indonesian civilians aimed at the Communist community and toward President Sukarno himself. The PKI's denials of involvement had little effect. The regime was quickly destabilised, with the Army the only force left to maintain order.
At the funeral of Nasution's daughter Irma, Navy commander Admiral Martadinata gave Muslim leaders the signal to attack Communists. On 8 October, the PKI head office was ransacked and burned to the ground while firefighters stood by idly. They then marched demanding the dissolution of the Communist Party. The homes of senior party figures, including PKI chairman D.N. Aidit and Lukman and Nyoto were also torched. The army led campaign to purge Indonesian society, government and armed forces of the communist party and other leftist organisations. Leading PKI members were immediately arrested, some summarily executed.
On October 18, a declaration was read over the army-controlled radio stations, banning the Communist Party of Indonesia. The ban included the party itself, and its youth and women's wings, peasant associations, intellectual and student groups, and the SOBSI union. At the time, it was not clear whether this ban applied only to Jakarta (by then controlled by the Army), or the whole Republic of Indonesia. However, the ban was soon used as a pretext for the Indonesian Army to go throughout the country carrying out extrajudicial punishments, including mass arrest and summary executions, against suspected leftists and Sukarno loyalists. As the violence spread, Sukarno issued orders to try to stop it, but he was ignored. He also refused to blame the PKI for the coup, let alone ban it as the Army demanded. However, although Suharto and Nasution were increasingly suspicious about Sukarno's role in the affair, the Army was reluctant to confront the president directly because of his still widespread popularity.
Beginning in later October 1965, and feeding off pent-up communal hatreds, the Indonesian army and its civilian allies (especially Muslim vigilante groups) began to kill actual and suspected members and associates of the PKI. The killings started in the capital Jakarta, spread to Central and East Java, and later Bali. Although killings occurred across Indonesia, the worst were in PKI strongholds of Central Java, East Java, Bali, and northern Sumatra. The massacres reached their peak over the remainder of the year before subsiding in the early months of 1966. The estimates of the death toll of the violence range from over 100,000 to 3 million, but most scholars accept a figure of around 500,000. Many others were also imprisoned and for the next ten years people were still being imprisoned as suspects. It is thought that as many as 1.5m were imprisoned at one stage or another. As a result of the purge, one of Sukarno's three pillars of support, the Indonesian Communist Party, had been effectively eliminated by the other two, the military and political Islam.
Demonstrations.
In October 1965, students in Jakarta formed KAMI ("Kesatuan Aksi Mahasiswa Indonesia", Indonesian Students Action Front), which called for the banning of the PKI. It was soon joined by a host of similar organizations made up of high school students, workers, artists and laborers and the like. Other targets for the demonstrators were rising prices and government inefficiency. They also demonstrated against Subandrio, the foreign minister and head of the BPI intelligence agency and the number two man in the government.
On 10 January 1966, demonstrators, including KAMI, demonstrated in front of the Provisional legislature and announced what became known as the Three Demands of the People ("Tritura"):
In February 1966, as anti-communist demonstrations continued, Sukarno tried to placate Suharto by promoting him. On February 21, he tried to regain the initiative by announcing a new cabinet, which included former Air Force chief Omar Dhani, who had issued a statement on October 1, 1965 initially supporting the coup. More provocatively still, Sukarno fired General Nasution from his cabinet post. The new cabinet immediately became known as the Gestapu cabinet, after the acronym coined by the military for the 30 September Movement.
Two days after the announcement, a huge crowd attempted to storm the presidential palace. The next day, while the new cabinet was being inaugurated, soldiers from the presidential guard opened fire on a crowd in front of the palace, killing student protester Arif Rachman Hakim, who was turned into a martyr and given a hero's funeral the following day.
On 8 March 1966, students managed to ransack the foreign ministry, and held it for five hours. They daubed slogans, one accusing Subandrio of murdering the generals, and drew graffiti showing Subandrio as a Pekingese dog (a reference to his perceived closeness to communist China) or hanging from gallows.
Sukarno then planned a three-day series of meetings to restore his authority. The first, on 10 March, involved the leaders of political parties. He managed to persuade them to sign a declaration warning against the undermining of presidential authority by student demonstrations. The second stage was a cabinet meeting planned for 11 March. However, as this meeting was underway, word reached Sukarno that unidentified troops were surrounding the palace. Sukarno left the palace in haste for Bogor, where later that night, he signed the Supersemar document transferring authority to restore order to Major General Suharto. Suharto acted quickly. One 12 March he banned the PKI. The same day, there was a "show of force" by the Army in the streets of Jakarta, which was watched by cheering crowds. On 18 March, Subandrio and 14 other ministers were arrested., including third deputy prime minister Chairul Saleh. That night, the radio announced that the ministers were in "protective custody".
Suharto later admitted in his autobiography that he frequently liaised with the student protesters throughout this period and Sukarno often pleaded with him to stop the demonstrations.
Political maneuvering.
On 27 March, the new cabinet lineup, agreed between Suharto and Sukarno, was announced. It included the key figures of Suharto himself as interim deputy prime minister for security and defense affairs, tasked with preventing the resurgence of communism, the Sultan of Yogyakarta Sri Sultan Hamengkubuwono IX as deputy prime minister for economic, financial and development affairs, tasked with solving the nation's economic problems and Adam Malik as deputy prime minister for social and political affairs, whose job it would be to manage foreign policy.
On 24 April 1966, Suharto gave a speech to members of the Indonesian National Party in which he spoke of the "three deviations" that would have to be corrected by the youth of the country in cooperation with the Armed Forces. These were:
The new regime turned away from China and began moves to end the Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation, in defiance of Sukarno's wishes.
Meanwhile, Suharto and his allies continued to purge state institutions of Sukarno loyalists. The Tjakrabirawa palace guard was disbanded, and following further student demonstrations in front of the legislature building on 2 May, the leadership of the Mutual Cooperation House of Representatives (DPR-GR) was replaced and Sukarnoist and pro-communist members were suspended from the DPR-GR and the Provisional People's Consultative Assembly (MPRS), the supreme lawmaking body. Pro-Suharto replacements were appointed.
A session of the MPRS was scheduled to open 12 May, but eventually began on 20 June and continued until 5 July. One of its first actions was to appoint General Nasution as chairman. It then set about dismantling the apparatus Sukarno had built around himself. It passed several decrees, one of which was the ratification of the Supersemar, thus making revocation of it almost impossible. It also ratified the banning of the PKI and the teaching of Marxist ideology, instructed Suharto to form a new cabinet, called on Sukarno to provide an explanation for the economic and political situation in the nation and stripped him of the title "president for life". It also passed a decree stating that if the president was unable to carry out his duties, the holder of the Supersemar would assume the presidency. Suharto did not seek Sukarno's outright removal at this MPRS session due to the remaining support for the president amongst elements of the armed forces (particularly the Marines, the navy, and some regional army divisions).
The new cabinet, announced by Sukarno on 20 June, was led by a five-man presidium headed by Suharto, and including Malik and Sri Sultan Hamengkubuwono IX. 
On 11 August, and against the wishes of Sukarno, a peace treaty was signed, formerly ending "Konfrontasi". Indonesian announced it would rejoin the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations. It released political prisoners and paid compensation to the British and American governments for the damage caused to their diplomatic buildings during the demonstrations of the Sukarno era.
On 17 August, in his annual independence day speech, Sukarno claimed that Indonesia was not about to recognize Malaysia nor rejoin the UN. He also stated that he had not transferred power to Suharto. This provoked an angry reaction in the form of demonstrations, and Indonesian did indeed rejoin the UN in September, participating in the General Assembly on 28 September. Meanwhile, criticism from demonstrators became increasingly vociferous and personal, and there were calls for him to be out on trial.
On 10 January 1967, Sukarno wrote to the MPRS, enclosing a document known as "Nawaksara" giving his version of the events surrounding the 30 September Movement. In it, he said the kidnappings and murders of the generals had been a "complete surprise" to him, and that he alone was not responsible for the nation's moral and economic problems. This led to demonstrators calling for Sukarno to be hanged.
The MPRS leadership met on 21 January and concluded that Sukarno had failed to fulfill his constitutional obligations. In a resolution passed on 9 February, the DPR-GR rejected the " Nawaksara" and asked the MPRS to convene a special session.
On 12 March 1967, the special session began. After heated debates, it agreed to strip Sukarno of his power. On 12 March, Suharto was appointed acting president. Sukarno went into "de facto" house arrest in Bogor. A year later, on 27 March 1968, another session of the MPRS appointed Suharto the second president of Indonesia.
General Nasution was believed to have launched his own bid for power on December 16, 1965, when he won appointment to the Supreme Operations Command, and gained a grip over the traditionally civilian-held portion of the military hierarchy. It was reported that Nasution would have preferred forming a military junta to replace Sukarno. ("New York Times", December 16, 1965.)
Consequences.
Anti-Chinese laws.
While resentment toward Chinese Indonesians by indigenous Indonesians-descended peoples of the archipelago dated back to the Dutch East Indies era, the New Order instigated anti-Chinese legislation following the quashing of the Communists. Stereotypes of the Chinese as disproportionately affluent and greedy were common throughout the time (both in Indonesia as well as Malaysia), but with the anti-communist hysteria, the association of the Chinese Indonesians with the People's Republic of China caused them to also be viewed as a communist fifth column.
Indonesia's hitherto friendly diplomatic relations with mainland China were severed, and the Chinese Embassy in Jakarta burnt down by a mob. New legislation included the banning of Chinese language signs on shops and other buildings, and the closure of Chinese language schools, adoption of "Indonesian" sounding names, and limits on Buddhist temple construction.
A new political system.
The liquidation and banning of the Communist Party (and related organisations) eliminated one of the largest political parties in Indonesia. It was also among the largest Communist Parties in the Comintern, at an estimated 3 million members. Along with the subsequent efforts by Suharto to wrest power from Sukarno by purging loyalists from the parliament, civilian government in Indonesia was effectively put to an end by the coup countermeasures.
Strident anti-communism remained a hallmark of the regime for its subsequent 32-years.
The new regime that emerged from the upheavals of the 1960s was dedicated to maintaining political order, promoting economic development, and excluding mass participation from the political process. The military was given a strong role in politics, political and social organisations throughout the country were bureaucratised and corporatised, and a selective but effective and sometimes brutal repression was used against opponents of the regime.
A number of seats in the Parliament were set-aside for the military under as part of the "dwifungsi" (dual function) doctrine. Under the system, the military took roles as administrators in all levels of government. The political parties not banned outright were consolidated into a single party, the Party of the Functional Groups (Indonesian: "Partai Golongan Karya"), more commonly known as Golkar. Though Suharto would allow for the formation of two non-Golkar parties, these were kept weak during his regime.
Rise of Islamism.
The purging of two secularist parties, the Nationalists and the Communists, had a notable side effect of giving greater space for the development of Islamism in Indonesia. This included liberal, conservative, and extremist groups practicing Islam in Indonesia. It widely believed by observers of Indonesian history and politics that Suharto's forces whipped up anti-Communist sentiment in part by exploiting conservative Muslims' enmity of "godless" Communism to instigate a jihad against the leftists.
Improved ties with the West.
The change in regime brought a shift in policy that allowed USAID and other relief agencies to operate within the country. Suharto would open Indonesia's economy by divesting state owned companies, and Western nations in particular were encouraged to invest and take control of many of the mining and construction interests in Indonesia. The result was stabilisation of the economy and the alleviation of absolute poverty and famine conditions that had resulted from shortfalls in the rice supply and Sukarno's reluctance to take Western aid.
As a result of his elimination of the communists, Suharto would come to be seen as a pro-Western and anti-Communist. An ongoing military and diplomatic relationship between the Indonesia and the Western powers was cemented, leading to American, British, and Australian arms sales and training of military personnel.
U.S. assistance to Suharto.
See:"Indonesian killings of 1965–1966, U.S. involvement and reaction"
References.
This period is depicted in the 1982 film "The Year Of Living Dangerously".

</doc>
<doc id="2887668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887668" title="Gwen Margolis">
Gwen Margolis

Gwen Margolis (born October 4, 1934) is a Democratic member of the Florida Senate, representing the 35th District from 2003 through 2008. She was previously a member from 1981 through 1992, and was the first woman president, from 1990 through 1992. From 1975 through 1980 she was a member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Margolis left state government in 1993, losing to E. Clay Shaw, Jr. in an unsuccessful bid for the United States Congress. Thereafter she became a County Commissioner for Miami-Dade County until she returned to the state senate.
She was previously married to Allan Margolis.
She was a candidate for the position of Miami-Dade County Property Appraiser in 2008. She received the most votes in the November 4, 2008 general election. However, due to not having received at least fifty percent of the vote plus one, she had to face the next highest vote-getter, Pedro Garcia Jr., in a December 16, 2008 run-off. She filed a lawsuit to avoid the run-off election, arguing that because the appraiser's office is a constitutional position, no runoff should be required under state law. Her lawsuit was unable to prevent the runoff election, which she lost to Garcia.
Margolis again ran for the Florida State Senate in District 35 in 2010. She received the nomination of the Democratic Party on August 24, 2010, defeating Kevin Burns in the primary.

</doc>
<doc id="2887677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887677" title="Granite State Challenge">
Granite State Challenge

Granite State Challenge is an American television quizbowl game show that airs on New Hampshire Public Television and began in 1983.
Description.
High schools from around the state compete against each other to win "brainy bragging rights" and grant money for their school. The first season of the program was hosted by Tom Bergeron (now of America's Funniest Home Videos and Dancing with the Stars fame), one of Bergeron's first jobs appearing on television. Starting in the second season and continuing to today, Jim Jeannotte took over hosting duties. Co-host Lori Warriner interviews the team members, coaches, and school administration. Prior co-hosts include Tim Estiloz, John Herman, and Alison MacNair (former host of NHPTV's NH Outlook). The competition features 16 teams in a single elimination tournament competing in half-hour shows that are pretaped over a few weeks and air through the broadcast season. The program previously selected 32 teams to compete on the televised rounds based on state geography and recent appearances; however, after a year-long hiatus, the program required interested teams to complete a written test, with the top-scoring sixteen teams earning spots. The championship game, called the Superchallenge, is a 1-hour show with extended categories and more questions. Since 1995, part of the funding for Granite State Challenge comes from proceeds of the New Hampshire Lottery Commission. Beginning in 2008, each episode is available to view on YouTube and to download at no charge on iTunes. 
Rules.
The game is played by two teams of four, and uses a four-quarter format. All four quarters are played to a time limit.
The first quarter is a round of toss-up questions worth 10 points each. In the 30th season, one 30-point toss-up based on the year 1984 is included.
The second quarter uses 10-point toss-ups with a chance an fifteen bonus points when a team provides a correct answer on the toss-up. A team chooses a bonus set out of three provided and answers three 5-point questions.
The third quarter is the show's "60-second" round. In the 30th season, the teams' alternates (if any) participate in this round only. The trailing team gets the first choice of three categories, and the leading team picks from the remaining two. Each team gets 60 seconds to answer either 10 questions with each question worth 10 points. A 10-point bonus is awarded for answering all questions correctly.
The fourth quarter is a final round of 10-point toss-ups. In the 30th season, 10 points are deducted should a team provide an incorrect answer.
The winning team advances in a season-long tournament. In the final, titled "Granite State SuperChallenge," there are seven rounds: the first, fifth, and seventh are toss-up rounds, the second and fourth rounds are toss-ups followed by bonuses, and the third and sixth rounds are the 60-second lightning rounds.
30th Season (2013-2014).
The 30th season again started with the Super Sunday Qualifying Event, where 48 teams came to Plymouth State University. 52 teams vied for 14 spots on a 94-question exam. The teams ranked 15 through 18 completed in two play-in matches to round off the top sixteen. The top sixteen teams televised in the 30th season are:
In the opening round (Round of 16), there are 8 match-ups. The winners of aired episodes are bolded:
Second round
Semi finals
Granite State Super Challenge
Pinkerton then went on to defeat the champion from Massachusetts in the 2nd annual Governor's Cup
29th Season (2012-2013).
Below lists the 15 bouts including the regular season and SuperChallenge of the 29th season detailing the competing teams, air date, winner (italicized), and scores.
Round of 16
February 10: Coe-Brown (160) "v." "Hanover (310)"
February 17: "Kingswood Regional (255)" "v." Winnacunnet (125)
February 24: Bow (230) "v." "Portsmouth Christian (255)"
March 3: Bishop Brady (185) "v. Keene (285)"
March 10: Mascoma Valley (135) "v." Pinkerton Academy (175)""
March 17:" Manchester Central (325) v. "Oyster River (185)
March 24: John Stark (110) "v. Plymouth Regional (310)"
March 31: "Bedford (200) v. "Nashua North (180)
Quarterfinals
April 7: "Hanover (225) v. "Kingswood Regional (180)
April 14: "Keene (360) v. "Portsmouth Christian (210)
April 21: "Manchester Central (300) v. "Pinkerton Academy (170)
April 28: Bedford (245) "v. Plymouth Regional (290)"
Semifinals
May 5: "Hanover (375) v. "Keene (280)
May 12: Manchester Central (275) "v." "Plymouth Regional (325)"
Superchallenge
May 19: Hanover (515) "v. Plymouth Regional (535)"
Statistics
Highest Scoring Regular Season Round
1. Hanover (375)
2. Keene (360)
3. Plymouth Regional, Manchester Central (tie) (325)
5. Portsmouth Christian, Kingswood Regional (tie) (255)
7. Bedford (245)
8. Bow (230)
9. Oyster River, Bishop Brady (tie) (185)
11. Nashua North (180)
12. Pinkerton (175)
13. Coe-Brown (160)
14. Mascoma Valley (135)
15. Winnacunnet (125)
16. John Stark (110)
Cumulative Score in Regular Season
1. Plymouth Regional, Keene (925)
3. Hanover (910)
4. Manchester Central (900)
5. Portsmouth Christian (465)
6. Bedford (445)
7. Kingswood Regional (435)
8. Pinkerton (345)
9. Bow (230)
10. Oyster River, Bishop Brady (tie) (185)
12. Nashua North (180)
13. Coe-Brown (160)
14. Mascoma Valley (135)
15. Winnacunnet (125)
16. John Stark (110)
The four semifinalist teams were the only teams in the season to end a regular season round with a highest score over 300 points. 
Past Champions.
This is a list of past GSC winners since 1983.
Schools with Multiple Titles:
Three Titles Apiece
Two Titles Apiece

</doc>
<doc id="2887679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887679" title="Joseph Maiden">
Joseph Maiden

Joseph Henry Maiden (born 25 April 1859 and died 16 November 1925) was a botanist who made a major contribution to knowledge of the Australian flora, especially the "Eucalyptus" genus. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Maiden when citing a botanical name.
Joseph Maiden was born in St John's Wood in northwest London. He studied science at the University of London, but due to ill health he did not complete the course. As part of his treatment he was advised to take a long sea voyage, and so in 1880 he sailed for New South Wales. In 1881, Maiden was appointed first curator of the Technological Museum in Sydney, remaining there until 1896. He was much interested in the native plants, and in his early days was associated with the Rev. William Woolls in his botanical studies. After his first collection of plants were destroyed in a fire at the Garden Palace near Sydney Botanic Gardens in 1882, he amassed a new collection, which was housed in part of an exhibition hall in the Outer Domain, behind Sydney Hospital. This collection formed the basis for his first book, "Useful Native Plants of Australia", published in 1889, in which he acknowledged his debt to the work of Ferdinand von Mueller with whom he had been in correspondence.
In 1890 he was appointed consulting botanist to the Department of Agriculture and in 1894 was made Superintendent of Technical Education. In 1892 he published a "Bibliography of Australian Economic Botany". In 1896, Maiden was appointed Government Botanist and Director of the Botanic Gardens, succeeding Charles Moore, who had been one of his botanical mentors. He immediately set about establishing the colony's first herbarium, as well as a museum, library and Sydney’s first playground. He had in the previous year brought out Part I of "The Flowering Plants and Ferns of New South Wales", of which other parts appeared in this and in later years. Another valuable work, the "Forest Flora of New South Wales", was published in parts between 1904 and 1924, and his "Illustrations of New South Wales Plants" began to appear in 1907. In 1909 Maiden published "Sir Joseph Banks the "father of Australia"". In 1916, in collaboration with Ernst Betche, he published "A Census of New South Wales Plants", and in 1920 Maiden published Part I of "The Weeds of New South Wales".
Maiden became the recognised authority on "Acacia" and "Eucalyptus". He published about 45 papers, and his eight-volume "A Critical Revision of the Genus Eucalyptus" remained a major reference for over fifty years. He was the author of numerous species and the collector of type material for many more. His other interests included reducing sand erosion, promoting wattle cultivation for the tanning industry, and control (or utilisation) of prickly pear. He served as secretary of the (Royal) Geographical Society of Australasia, lectured in agricultural botany and forestry at the University of Sydney, and was a trustee of the Rookwood Church of England Cemetery. He was an active office-bearer in the Royal and Linnean societies of New South Wales, the (Royal) Australian Historical Society, the Wattle Day League, the Horticultural Society and Horticultural Association, the Field Naturalists’ Society, the Town Planning Association of New South Wales, and the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science.
Joseph Maiden retired in 1924, and died at Turramurra, Sydney. "Eucalyptus maidenii" is named in his honour. He was also appointed a Companion of the Imperial Service Order in 1916.
Further reading.
The following sources were not consulted in the writing of this article:

</doc>
<doc id="2887688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887688" title="Band-in-a-Box">
Band-in-a-Box

Band-in-a-Box is a MIDI music arranger software package for Windows and Mac OS produced by PG Music Incorporated. It was first introduced in 1990 for the Atari ST.
The software allows a solo musician to play along to a computer-generated accompaniment with adjustable tempo, adjustable key, and a choice of musical styles. Original accompaniment with custom chord progressions and melody lines can also be created. Band-in-a-Box basically provides a 'back-up band' for a musician to play along with. It can also be used to simulate an entire band with or without soloists. 
Band-in-a-Box works well for most pop music styles such as jazz, rock, country etc., and not so well for complex music such as classical. 
Band-in-a-Box (BIAB) can create a background for almost any chord progression used in Western popular music. It can then play that song back using the user's choice of one of thousands of different background styles. In addition to playing back the users' songs with built-in, additional, or aftermarket styles, users can edit these or create their own styles from scratch or from existing MIDI files. 
In BIAB, styles refer to musical styles encapsulated in style files (*.STY). There are thousands of styles included with most BIAB installations. Styles can be MIDI only, a combination of MIDI and RealTracks/RealDrums or RealTrack/RealDrums only (called RealStyles). 
Users can create their own styles in Band-in-a-Box. The simplest method is to create a hybrid style. Another method is to import a style from a MIDI file, Finally, a user can create a style using the StyleMaker. 
Band-in-a-Box MultiStyles are styles that can have up to 24 substyles; original Band-in-a-Box styles had two substyles, “a” and “b.” These might be used for (a) chorus, and (b) bridge, for example.
BIAB also works with programs like Finale, Garritan Personal Orchestra and other similar packages. 
Users can play the songs back and vary the key and/or the song's speed independently or change the number of times any section of the song repeats. The program has a Melodist and Soloist feature, allowing users to choose instruments and specify other details regarding the Melodist or Soloist; Band-in-a-Box will then create these tracks based on the users selections. The Melodist and Soloist tracks can be edited note by note in the Notation window. Leadsheets can be printed for each track for a live band to play, or for learning the parts individually for practice. 
Songs can be exported as either a MIDI or audio file. Exporting to a MIDI file allows the user to edit the background generated by Band-in-a-Box in a MIDI sequencer, like RealBand or PowerTracks. Songs created in Band-in-a-Box can be burned to a CD or put on to an MP3 player to share with others when saved as audio files.
Band-in-a-Box used only MIDI sounds until 1999 when digital audio was added to the program, letting users record vocals or an instrument directly into their songs. The introduction of audio lead to the creation of the Audio Chord Wizard released with the 2007 version. This is included with Band-in-a-Box and allows users to choose any audio song from their computer and the Audio Chord Wizard will analyze it and produce the chord progression for it. 
In November 2006, PG Music released "RealDrums" allowing users to have pre-recorded real drummers 'play along' with their songs in the Band-in-a-Box program. One year later "RealTracks" were introduced providing the same for pianos, bass, guitars as well as soloing instruments such as saxophones, guitars, pedal steel and others. This has been expanded over the years and as of 2012 there were over 200 RealDrums and 800 RealTracks available. RealTracks uses the élastique Pro V2 time stretching and pitch transposition engine by zplane development which allows the pre-recorded live instruments to retain much of their natural sound while the tempo is varied. There are several different versions of the software available; the larger packages are pre-installed on hard drives due to the size of the audio files. The uncompressed RealTracks and RealDrums WAV/AIFF files are also available for lossless audio use.
Alternative auto-accompaniment software are Harmony Assistant and One Man Band.
Audio samples.
The following solos were created by Band-in-a-Box without any user interaction (except picking the style from the list).

</doc>
<doc id="2887691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887691" title="Geoffrey Claeys">
Geoffrey Claeys

Geoffrey Claeys (born 5 October 1974 in Brugge, Belgium) is a football player who last played for Melbourne Victory in the A-League as a central Defender.
Biography.
Claeys is a former Belgian international and was capped 10 times. He began his career at the Belgian club Cercle Brugge. He left the club in 1996 for Dutch Feyenoord, then he made an unsuccessful move to R.S.C. Anderlecht and was transferred to K.S.C. Eendracht Aalst on loan. He later played for Lierse and Royal Excelsior Mouscron, before moving to Melbourne Victory in 2005. Although he enjoyed a solid season in the Victory defence, he rarely figured in the 06-07 season.
On 21 November 2006, Geoffrey Claeys retired from football. However, in 2007, he went to play for Torhout 1992 KM, in the Belgian Third Division. He retired soon after, however.
In 2009, he picked up football again, after his brother asked him to become his team mate at FC Veldegem. Veldegem plays in the provincial leagues of West Flanders.

</doc>
<doc id="2887695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887695" title="Andrew Naismith Watson">
Andrew Naismith Watson

Andrew Naismith (Andy) Watson (born April 1, 1937) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1978 to 1985, as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Watson was born in Woodbridge, York County, Ontario. He graduated from Ontario Agricultural College at the University of Guelph in 1959, and became the OMAF assistant agricultural representative for Waterloo County later in the same year. He was transferred to Northumberland County in 1962, and became the agricultural representative for Kent County in 1968.
Watson served as the Kent County OMAF representative for ten years before his election to the Ontario legislature in a by-election on October 19, 1978, held to replace former Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Darcy McKeough. He defeated Liberal Brian Gamble by 708 votes, and served in the legislature as a backbench supporter of Bill Davis's government. He was re-elected without difficulty in 1981.
Although forty-two years in government, the Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a tenuous minority administration in the 1985 provincial election, and were subsequently defeated in the legislature. Watson lost the Chatham—Kent seat to Liberal Maurice Bossy by 1,134 votes. 
After his loss, Watson served from 1986 to 1994 as assistant commissioner for Ontario on the Canadian Grain Commission. He became farm director for CFCO radio in 1997, and was named to the Chatham-Kent Agricultural Hall of Fame in 2004. In 2010, Watson became the President of the Chatham Rotary Club and he operates a Christmas tree farm.

</doc>
<doc id="2887697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887697" title="Cleo Henry">
Cleo Henry

Cleo Henry is a pseudonym of Miles Davis and Gil Evans used on the tune "Boplicity" on the album Birth of the Cool.

</doc>
<doc id="2887701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887701" title="Bible (writing)">
Bible (writing)

A bible for screenwriters is a reference document used for information on a series' characters, settings, and other elements.
Show bibles come in two forms:
Bibles produced for science fiction series go into great detail describing the capabilities and limits of technology used on the show. For example, the series bible for the 2004 version of "Battlestar Galactica" includes detailed explanations on how the ship itself works.
Some series are produced without the use of a bible and have the shows' writing staff serve as "walking bibles" in remembering details about the series in place of a written bible.
In the United States, writing the show bible of a produced series earns that writer the 24 units of required credit necessary to qualify for membership in the Writers Guild of America.

</doc>
<doc id="2887703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887703" title="Kori bustard">
Kori bustard

The Kori Bustard ("Ardeotis kori") is a large bird native to Africa. It is a member of the bustard family, which all belong to the order Gruiformes and are restricted in distribution to the Old World. It is one of the four species (ranging from Africa to India to Australia) in the large-bodied "Ardeotis" genus. In fact, the male Kori Bustard may be the heaviest living animal capable of flight. This species, like most bustards, is a ground-dwelling bird and an opportunistic omnivore. Male Kori Bustards, which can be more than twice as heavy than the female, attempt to breed with as many females as possible and then take no part in the raising of the young. The nest is a shallow hallow into the earth, often disguised by nearby obstructive objects such as trees. The specific epithet "kori" is derived from the Tswana name for this bird - "Kgori".
Distribution.
The Kori Bustard is found throughout southern Africa, except in densely wooded areas. They are common in Botswana and Namibia, extending into southern Angola and marginally into southwestern Zambia. In Zimbabwe they are generally sparse but locally common, particularly on the central plateau. Their distribution range extends along the Limpopo River valley into southern Mozambique and the eastern lowveld of South Africa. In South Africa they are also infrequent to rare in the Free State, North West and Northern Cape Provinces, extending southwards into the interior of the Western and Eastern Cape Provinces. Kori Bustards are absent from the coastal lowlands along the south and east of South Africa and from high mountainous areas. This species is common in Tanzania at Ngorongoro National Park, Kitulo National Park and Serengeti National Park. A geographically disjunct population also occurs in the deserts and savanna of northeastern Africa. Here, the species ranges from extreme south Sudan, north Somalia, Ethiopia through all of Kenya (except coastal regions), Tanzania and Uganda. Kenya may hold the largest population of Kori Bustards of any country and it can even border on abundant in the North Eastern Province. They are usually residential in their range, with some random, nomadic movement following rainfall.
Habitat.
This species occurs in open grassy areas, often characterized by sandy soil, especially Kalahari sands, and short grass usually near the cover of isolated clumps of trees or bushes. It may be found in plains, arid plateaus, highveld grassland, arid scrub, lightly wooded savanna, open dry bushveld and semi-desert. Where this species occurs, annual rainfall is quite low, at between . Breeding habitat is savanna in areas with sparse grass cover and scattered trees and shrubs. When nesting they sometimes use hilly areas. They follow fires or herds of foraging ungulates, in order to pick their various foods out of the short grasses. They may also be found in cultivated areas, especially wheat fields with a few scattered trees. This bustard is not found in well-wooded and forested areas due to the fact that it needs a lot of open space in which to take off. In arid grassland areas it is found along dry watercourses where patches of trees offer shade during the heat of the day.
Description.
The Kori Bustard is cryptically coloured, being mostly grey and brown, finely patterned with black and white coloring. The upper parts and neck are a vermiculated black and greyish-buff colour. The ventral plumage is more boldly colored, with white, black and buff. The crest on its head is blackish in coloration, with less black on the female's crest. There is a white eye stripe above the eye. The chin, throat and neck are whitish with thin, fine black barring. A black collar at the base of the hind-neck extends onto the sides of the breast. The feathers around the neck are loose, giving the appearance of a thicker neck then they really have. The belly is white and the tail has broad bands of brownish-gray and white coloration. Their feathers contain light sensitive porphyrins, which gives their feathers a pinkish tinge at the base- especially noticeable when the feathers are shed suddenly. The head is large and the legs are relatively long. The eye is pale yellow, while the bill is light greenish horn coloured, relatively long, straight and rather flattened at the base. The legs are yellowish. The feet have three forward facing toes. Females are similar in plumage but are much smaller, measuring about 20-30% less in linear measurements and often weighing 2-3 times less than the male. The female visibly is thinner legged and slimmer necked. The juvenile is similar in appearance to the female, but are browner with more spotting on the mantle, with shorter crest and neck plumes. Male juveniles are larger than females and can be the same overall size as the adult male but tends to be less bulky with a thinner neck, shorter head crest, paler eyes and a darker mantle.
Two subspecies are current recognized:
Size.
The male Kori Bustard is , stands tall and have a wingspan about . Male birds may typically weigh between , averaging , but exceptional birds may weigh up to at least . Males weighing or more are typical only in "A. k. struthiunculus". Reports of outsized specimens weighing , and even "almost" have been reported, but none of these giant sizes have been verified and some may be from unreliable sources. Among bustards, only male Great Bustards ("Otis tarda") achieve similarly high weights, making the male Kori and Great not only the two largest bustards but also arguably the heaviest living flying animals. As a whole, other species, such as Dalmatian Pelican ("Pelecanus crispus"), Andean Condor ("Vultur gryphus") and Trumpeter Swan ("Cygnus buccinator"), might weigh more on average between the sexes but are less sexually dimorphic in mass than the giant bustards. The female Kori Bustard weighs an average of , with a range of . Female length is from and they usually stand less than tall and have a wingspan of less than . The standard measurements of the male include a wing chord of , a tail measures from , a culmen from and a tarsus from . Meanwhile, the female's standard measurements are a wing chord of , a tail of , a culmen from and a tarsus from . Body mass can vary considerably based upon rain conditions.
Confusion species.
The size and dark crest are generally diagnostic amongst the bustards found in the Kori Bustard's range. However, East Africa holds the greatest diversity of bustards anywhere, including even some other quite large species, and these have the potential to cause confusion. Kori Bustards are distinguished from Denham's Bustard ("Neotis denhamii") and Ludwig's Bustard ("Neotis luwigii"), both of which they sometimes forage with, by their greyer appearance and by their lack of a tawny red hind-neck and upper mantle. In flight it can be distinguished from both of these somewhat smaller bustards by not displaying any white markings on the upperwing, which is uniformly grey here. Both Stanley's and Ludwig's bustards lack the Kori's dark crest. More similar to, and nearly the same size as, the Kori is the closely related Arabian Bustard ("Ardeotis arabs") (despite its name, the latter species ranges well into East Africa). However, the Arabian species has white-tipped wing coverts, a browner back and very fine neck vermiculations and also lacks the black base to the neck and the black in the wing coverts as seen in the Kori.
Behaviour.
Kori Bustards spend most of their time on the ground, with up to 70% of their time being on foot. Although, they can forage occasionally in low bushes and trees. There is a lone report of a bird sighted in Kenya perched at the top of a tree. This bustard is a watchful and wary bird. Their behavior varies however, and they are usually very shy, running or crouching at the first sign of danger; at other times they can be completely fearless of humans. They have a hesitant, slow manner of walking, and when they detect an intruder they try to escape detection by moving off quietly with the head held at an unusual angle of between 45° and 60°. Being a large and heavy bird, it avoids flying if possible. When alarmed it will first run and, if pushed further, will take to the air on the run with much effort, its wings making heavy wingbeats. Once airborne it flies more easily with slow, measured wingbeats, with the neck extended and the legs folded. It usually remains low and lands again within sight. When they land, Kori Bustards keep their wings spread and only fold them when the bird has slowed down to a walking speed. Kori Bustards have no preen gland, so to keep clean, they produce a powder down. Sun bathing and dust bathing are practiced. This bird has a loud, booming mating call which is often uttered just before dawn and can be heard from far away. Mostly residential, Kori Bustards may engage in nomadic movements. These migratory movements are probably influenced by rainfall and there is no evidence suggesting any regular pattern. These local migrations take place at night but have not been mapped. In the Etosha National Park these birds have been recorded moving up to from mopane woodland to open grassland plains and returning again the following season. Trial satellite tagging of one male Kori Bustard by the National Museums of Kenya demonstrated a migration along the Rift Valley between Tanzania and southern Sudan. Additionally, adult and juvenile males move after breeding season, whereas females don’t appear to do so. Generally the Kori Bustard feeds during the morning and in the evening, spending the rest of the day standing still in any available shade.
Voice.
Less vocal than other bustards, the Kori Bustard generally silent but, when alarmed, both sexes emit a loud growling bark. This is described as a "ca-caa-ca" call, repeated several times for up to 10 minutes. This call carries long distances. This call is most often given by females with young and males during agnostic encounters. Chicks as young as two weeks will also emit this alarm call when startled. The male's mating call is a deep, resonant "woum-woum-woum-woum" or "oom-oom-oom" or "wum, wum, wum, wum, wummm". This call ends with the bill snapping which is only audible at close range. Outside of the breeding display, Kori Bustards are often silent. A high alarm call, generally uttered by females, is sometimes heard. They may utter a deep "vum" on takeoff.
Sociality.
During the mating season, these birds are usually solitary but for the breeding pair. Otherwise, they are somewhat gregarious, being found in groups often including 5 to 6 birds but occasionally groups can number up to 40 individuals. Larger groups may be found around an abundant food source or at watering holes. In groups, birds are often fairly far apart from each other, often around a distance of . Interestingly, foraging groups are often single-sex. Such groups do not last long and often separate after a few days. These groups are believed advantageous both in that they may insure safety in numbers against predation and may bring the bustards to prime food sources.
Feeding.
Walking slowly and sedately, they forage by picking at the ground with the bills and are most active in the first and last hours of daylight. Kori Bustards are quite omnivorous birds. Insects are an important food source, with common species such as locusts, grasshoppers, dung beetles ("Scarabaeus" ssp.) and caterpillars being most often taken. They may follow large ungulates directly to catch insects flushed by them or to pick through their dung for edible invertebrates. During outbreaks of locusts and caterpillars, Kori Bustards are sometimes found feeding on them in numbers. Other insect prey can include bush-crickets ("Tettigonia" ssp.), termites, hymenopterans and solifuges. Scorpions and molluscs may be taken opportunistically as well.
Small vertebrates may also been taken regularly, including lizards, chameleons, small snakes, small mammals (especially rodents) and bird eggs and nestlings. They may occasionally eat carrion, especially from large animals killed in veld fires. Plant material is also an important food. Grasses and their seeds are perhaps most prominent plant foods, but they may also eat seeds, berries, roots, bulbs, flowers, wild melons and green leaves. This bustard is very partial to "Acacia" gum. This liking has given rise to the Afrikaans common name "Gompou" or, literally translated, "gum peacock". They drink regularly when they can access water but they can found as far as from water sources. Unusually, they suck up rather than scoop up water.
Breeding.
Kori Bustards' breeding season is different between the two subspecies. In general, "A. k. struthiunculus" breeds from December to August and "A. k. kori" breeds from September to February. Breeding is closely tied with rainfall, and in drought years, may be greatly reduced or not even occur. Kori Bustards engage in lek mating. All bustards have polygynous breeding habits, in which one male displays to attract several females, and mates with them all. Males display at regularly used sites, each male utilizing several dispersed leks or display areas. These displays usually take place in the mornings and evenings. The courtship displays of the males are impressive and elaborate, successfully advertising their presence to potential mates. The males hold their heads backwards, with cheeks bulging, the crest is held erect, the bill open and they inflate their gular pouches, forming a white throat "balloon". During this display the oesophagus inflates to as much as four times its normal size and resembles a balloon. They also puff out their frontal neck feathers which are splayed upwards showing their white underside. The white may visible up to away during display. Their wings are drooped and their tails are raised upwards and forwards onto their backs like a turkey, the retrices being held vertically and their undertail coverts fluffed out. They enhance their performance with an exaggerated bouncing gait. When displaying they stride about with their necks puffed out, their tail fanned and their wings planed and pointed downward. They also emit a low-pitched booming noise when the neck is at maximum inflation and snap their bills open and shut. Several males dispersed over a wide area gather to display but usually one is dominant and the others do not display in his presence and move away. The displaying males are visited by the females who presumably select the male with the most impressive display. Occasionally fights between males can be serious during the mating season when display areas are being contested, with the two competitors smashing into each other's bodies and stabbing each other with their bills. They may stand chest-to-chest, tails erect, bills locked and 'push' one another for up to 30 minutes. Following the display, the copulation begins with the female lying down next to the dominant displaying male. He stands over her for 5–10 minutes, stepping from side to side and pecking her head in a slow, deliberate fashion, tail and crest feathers raised. She recoils at each peck. He then lowers himself onto his tarsi and continues pecking her until he shuffles forward and mounts with wings spread. Copulation lasts seconds after which both stand apart and ruffle their plumage. The female then sometimes barks and the male continues with his display.
As with all bustards, the female makes no real nest. The female Kori Bustard lays her eggs on the ground in a shallow, unlined hollow, rather than the typical scrape. This nest is usually located within of a tree or shrub, termite mound or an outcrop of rocks. The hollow may measure in diameter and be almost completely covered by the female when she's incubating. Due to their ground location, nests are often cryptic and difficult for a human to find, unless stumbled onto by chance. The same site is sometimes reused in successive years. The Kori Bustard is a solitary nester and there is no evidence of territoriality amongst the females. Usually two eggs are laid, though seldom 1 or 3 may be laid. Clutch size is likely correlated to food supply. They are cryptically colored with the ground color being dark buff, brown or olive and well marked and blotched with shades of brown, grey and pale purple. Eggs are somewhat glossy or waxy and have a pitted-looking surface. Egg size is in height and width. The eggs weigh individually about , with a range of .
The female, who does all brooding behavior alone without male help, stays at the nest 98% of the time, rarely eating and never drinking. Occasionally she stretches her legs and raises her wings overhead. The female regularly turns the eggs with her bill. The female's plumage is drab and earth-colored, which makes her well camouflaged. She occasionally picks up pieces of vegetation and drops them on her back to render her camouflage more effective. If they need to feed briefly, the females go to and from the nest with a swift, silent crouching walk. If approached the incubating bird either slips unobtrusively from the nest or sits tight, only flying off at the last moment. The incubation period is 23 to 30 days, though is not known to exceed 25 days in wild specimens. The young are precocial and very well camouflaged. The lores are tawny, the crown tawny mottled black. A broad white supercilium bordered with black meets on the nape, extending down the centre of the nape. The neck is white with irregular black stripes from behind the eye and from the base of the lower mandibles. The upper parts are tawny and black with 3 black lines running along the back. The underparts are whitish. When the chicks hatch, the mother brings them a steady stream of food, most of it soft so the chicks can eat it easily. Captive hatchlings weigh on their first day but grow quickly. The precocial chicks are able to follow their mother around several hours after hatching. After a few weeks, the young actively forage closely with their mothers. They fledge at 4 to 5 weeks old, but are not self-assured fliers until 3 to 4 months. On average, around 67% of eggs successfully hatch (testimony to the effective camouflage of nests) and around one of the two young survive to adulthood. In Namibia and Tanzania, breeding success has been found to be greatly reduced during times of drought. Most young leave their mothers in their second year of life, but do not start breeding until they are fully mature at three to four years old in both sexes in studies conducted both of wild and captive bustards. The lifespan of wild Kori Bustards is not known but they may live to at least 26 or possibly 28 years old in captivity.
Interspecies interactions.
The Kori Bustard is often found in areas with a large quantity of antelope and other game. In Tanzania, Kori Bustards regularly attend Blue Wildebeest ("Connochaetes taurinus") herds and feed on the small mammals disturbed by them. Sometimes Kori Bustards are found with Southern Carmine Bee-eaters ("Merops nubicoides") and Northern Carmine Bee-eaters ("Merops nubicus") riding on their backs as they stride through the grass. The bee-eaters make the most of their walking perch by hawking insects from the bustard's back that are disturbed by the bustard's wandering. This is regularly seen in Chobe National Park, Botswana but has only been reported once elsewhere. There is also one record of Fork-tailed Drongos ("Dicrurus adsimilis") perching on their backs in a similar manner. Kori Bustards have been observed to behave aggressively to non-threatening animals at watering holes, as they may raise their crests, open their wings and peck aggressively. They have been seen acting aggressively towards Red-crested Korhaans ("Eupodotis ruficrista"), Springbok ("Antidorcas marsupialis"), Plains zebra ("Equus burchelli") and Gemsbok ("Oryx gazella"). When kept in captivity, Kori Bustards have been kept together with numerous other (typically African) species in close quarters. Fifteen other bird species and 12 mammals have successful co-habitated with them (even rhinoceros). However, the bustards sometimes injure or kill the young of everything from waterfowl to dik-diks and may be killed by larger species from ostriches ("Struthio camelus") to zebras ("Equus" ssp.).
Being a large, ground-dwelling bird species, the Kori Bustard is vulnerable to many of Africa's myriad of formidable terrestrial predators. Leopards ("Panthera pardus"), caracals ("Caracal caracal"), cheetahs ("Acinonyx jubatus"), lions ("Panthera leo"), spotted hyena ("Crocuta crocuta"), African rock pythons ("Python sebae"), jackals ("Canis" ssp.), Verreaux's eagle ("Aquila verreauxii") and martial eagles ("Polemaetus bellicosus") are amongst their potential natural predators. Additionally, warthogs ("Phacochoerus africanus"), tawny eagles ("Aquila rapax"), mongooses and baboons ("Papio" ssp.) may eat eggs and small chicks. When alarmed, Kori Bustards make barking calls and bend forward and spread their tail and wings to appear larger. Adults will growl when their young are threatened by predators. Chicks tend to be the most vulnerable to predators by far. Many, despite their cryptic camouflage and the mother's defenses, are regularly picked off by jackals and leopards at night. Up to 82% of Kori Bustard chicks die in their first year of life. When found with carmine bee-eaters, the smaller birds may incidentally provide some protection from predators due to their vigilance. The display of the adult male may make it more conspicuous to larger predators, such as hyenas or lions. A shock display may be performed when a bird is alarmed. While too large to be prey for most predatory birds, it is known that the Martial Eagle is a serious natural enemy even for adult bustards. In one documented attack by a Martial Eagle on an adult Kori Bustard, both birds ended up wounded, the eagle with a bleeding leg from the bustard's counterattack, but the bustard more seriously injured, with a broken wing and several open wounds. Although it walked away, the injured bustard in the confrontation was found dead the next morning, being fed on by a jackal.
Status.
The Kori Bustard is generally a somewhat scarce bird. listed on Appendix II of CITES, and the 2000 Eskom Red Data Book for Birds lists the status of the nominate race as Vulnerable, estimating that in the next three generations, it is expected to decline by 10% in South Africa. In protected areas, they can be locally common. Viable populations exist in unprotected areas as well (e.g. Ethiopia and Sudan, and in Tanzania around Lake Natron and in the foothills of Mount Kilimanjaro) but in these areas, the birds are hunted. They have been much reduced by hunting, having been traditionally snared in "Acacia" gum baits and traps. Although no longer classified as game birds, they are still sometimes eaten. In Namibia, they indicated as game as they are called the “Christmas turkey” and in South Africa, the “Kalahari Kentucky". Hunting of bustards is difficult to manage. The Kori Bustard is now generally uncommon outside major protected areas. Habitat destruction is a major problem for the species, compounded by bush encroachment due to overgrazing by livestock and agricultural development. Poisons used to control locusts may also effect and collisions with overhead power wires regularly claim Kori Bustards. One stretch of overhead powerlines in the Karoo killed 22 Kori Bustards during a five-month period. Kori Bustards tend to avoid areas used heavily by humans. Nonetheless, because it has such a large range and its rate of decline is thought to be relatively slow, the kori bustard is not currently listed in a threatened category on the IUCN Red List. This species is prominent in many native African cultures various due to its imposing, impressive size, spectacular displays by adult males and cryptic nature of the nesting female. The Kori Bustard features in dances and songs of the San people of Botswana. Paintings of these bustards feature in ancient San rock art.

</doc>
<doc id="2887715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887715" title="Edgar Graham">
Edgar Graham

Edgar Samuel David Graham, MPA, BL (1954 – 7 December 1983), was an Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) politician and academic from Northern Ireland. He was perceived as a rising star of both legal studies and Unionism until he was killed on 7 December 1983 by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).
Career.
A graduate of the Queen's University of Belfast in 1976 and working on a Doctorate for the University of Oxford, Edgar Graham was called to the Bar of Northern Ireland. He became a member of the Queen's University Belfast law faculty (from 1979), lecturing in public law, and was a law faculty colleague of David Trimble. A former Chairman of the Ulster Young Unionist Council, Graham was widely seen as a possible future leader of the UUP.
A member of the Ulster Unionist Party since joining the Ballymena branch at the age of 14 he progressed through the party. Contrary to some statements he was never a member of Vanguard and had no sympathy with its activities. As Leader of the Young Unionists he revived that part of the Party and was quickly seen as representing a new enlightened brand of Unionism. He continued this into the senior party. In 1982 he addressed the Conservative Party Conference on the subject of Northern Ireland and was singled out as a leader of the future. This led to international invitations such as to Harvard Summer School for leading young lawyers. He was critical of both the British government's perceived indecisiveness and (more quietly) the UUP leadership under James Molyneauxsee also BBC NI Television News 1983 and 1981, Mon 26 Sep 1983, Tue 29 Sep 1981, Tue 13 Oct 1981, Wed 16 Nov 1983 (in which Edgar Graham says UVF wanted IRA to kill Ulster Unionist during assembly debate on prison segregation.)</ref>
Graham was elected a member of the 1982 Northern Ireland Assembly for South Belfast.
Death.
In mid-morning on 7 December 1983, while chatting to UUP party and Queen's colleague Dermot Nesbitt at the University Square side of the main campus library, he was shot in the head a number of times by an IRA gunman and died almost instantly. He was 29 years old. Two persons were later convicted of withholding evidence from the police, but no one was ever convicted for his murder.
NORTHERN IRELAND, Terrorist Activities, reports of British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland's office, in answer to questions: 16 April 1999. The government account reads:"Mr. Edgar Graham: At approximately 10.50 am on 7 December 1983, at University Square, Belfast, Mr. Graham was shot dead. The murder was claimed by the Irish Republican Army. RUC investigations resulted in one person being convicted of making property available and withholding information and sentenced to 2 years imprisonment suspended for 3 years. Another person, convicted of withholding information, was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment suspended for 2 years. A number of other persons were arrested and interviewed in relation to this murder but released without charge."</ref>
In a communique taking responsibility for the killing, the IRA command said his killing "should be a salutary lesson to those loyalists who stand foursquare behind the laws and forces of oppression of the nationalist people." IRA members said that Graham was targeted because of aid and advice he had reportedly given to the Northern Ireland Prison Service 
Former IRA member turned police informer Sean O'Callaghan in his book "The Informer" suggested that the IRA killed him because he was regarded by a journalist as "potentially the most effective political opponent facing Sinn Fein that the Ulster Unionists had yet produced" and likely to become the party leader. 
Graham had also gained attention for his strong arguments publicly supporting internment, the revocation of Special Category Status for republican prisoners, and the British government's network of informers.
He had been seen on BBC Northern Ireland, criticising the Thatcher government for not taking a hard enough line against Republican prisoners and hunger strikers.
After Graham's killing, an expression of sympathy was made by Seanad Éireann
I would like the Seanad to note with horror and dismay the death of the Assemblyman, Edgar Graham, who was murdered outside Queen's University, Belfast, this morning. It has been said by a noted writer that in the death of every man each of us dies a little. I think this is horribly true for us here in Ireland today that for every one of these victims of violence not only do we die a little but our hopes for our country die a little with every one of these outrages. The resultant Assembly by-election on 1 March 1984 was won unopposed by then Ulster Unionist Party Chief Executive Frank Millar Jr.
The UUP leader, Jim (later Lord) Molyneaux, remarked 
"Had Mr. Graham not been murdered he would have become the leader of our party, such was his calibre." 
In honour and remembrance to Edgar Graham there is an inscription at the entrance of the debating hall at Stormont that reads:
"IN MEMORY OF EDGAR SAMUEL DAVID GRAHAM ASSEMBLY MEMBER FOR BELFAST SOUTH 1982-1983. SHOT BY TERRORISTS ON 7 DECEMBER 1983. 'KEEP ALIVE THE LIGHT OF JUSTICE'."
Lady Sylvia Hermon, who was then a lawyer, was in the students’ union at the time the murder was announced, and has spoken of her revulsion at hearing students cheering news of the killing, and of how she vowed never to set foot in the union again.
Repercussions.
Graham's death came just two years after the IRA assassination of the South Belfast M.P. Robert Bradford. To this day, Graham is often spoken of by Unionist political leaders.
Some had been targeted by republicans because of their involvement in Unionist politics. Many knew Robert Bradford and Edgar Graham both murdered for defending the Union. Despite this they were prepared to share power with Sinn Féin. This displayed a magnanimity, and generosity of spirit which unfortunately has not yet been reciprocated by republicans. When we ‘jumped first’ and established the devolved Executive last November, the IRA just sat on its guns and did nothing with the result that the British Government had to suspend the Executive. 
"Queens University is today a very different place than it was in the mid 80s when I matriculated. At the height of the troubles, post the hunger strikes and shortly after the murder of Edgar Graham not far from this hall. It was for many Protestants an inhospitable place ... would honour the memory of men like Sir Norman Stronge, his son James, Councillor Charlie Armstrong, the Reverend Robert Bradford, Senator John Barnhill, and Edgar Graham who were killed by thugs under the guise of a perverted political philosophy ... [The RUC officer who trained Edgar Graham in the use of a personal firearm, just weeks before his untimely murder, told me that he would not have known what hit him, for it happened so quickly and was done from behind, in a cowardly fashion. Members here today know what hit Edgar Graham, and who organised the attack. I sat this morning, with my head bowed, as we witnessed an attempt by Her Majesty's Government to place in positions of power those who signed Mr Graham's death warrant. Those who, this morning, were put forward for positions in the Government of Northern Ireland have been responsible for terrorising the very community over which they were to exercise authority." 
"It is also puzzling for Unionists why Sinn Féin/IRA are campaigning so vigorously to defend the reputation of Mr Finucane as that of a "human rights lawyer" whilst justifying their murder of the Protestant Human Rights Lawyer, Mr Edgar Graham at Queen's University."
David Trimble has invoked his friend's killing to show both that the Unionist community had suffered greatly at the hands of republicans, and that more moderate Unionists were willing to take bold moves (especially support for the Good Friday Agreement) and were willing put their suffering behind them.
Journalist Ed Moloney, in his 2003 book, "A Secret History of the IRA", contends that Graham's killing was ordered by a restive IRA unit, the Belfast Brigade and Ivor Bell, as part of a campaign that was a direct challenge to Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams' call for a more ""controlled and disciplined"" campaign twinned with a growing parliamentary strategy. Moloney argues that Belfast area attacks by the IRA in late 1983, because of their backlash in the middle classes of both communities, in fact strengthened Adams and Sinn Féin's political path.Also see: Brendan O'Brien. The Long War: The IRA & Sinn Féin, p. 133, (1999). ISBN 0-86278-606-1 on the marginalisation of Bell.</ref>
Ironically, despite Graham's murder, violence in Northern Ireland actually continued in a pattern of decline in 1983, with 77 deaths, down from 97 the previous year. The British Army suffered only five deaths in 1983, its lowest number since 1971, while combined security services suffered 33 deaths (a drop from 40 the year before), and civilian deaths were recorded as 44, the lowest number since 1970.CAIN: Northern Ireland Society - Security and Defence statistics 1969-2001"NI-SEC-06: Security related incidents (number) in Northern Ireland: shootings" 1982/547,1983/424 lowest since 1970 (213), bombings were up (266 from 219 in 82, but the 82 number was the lowest since 1970, and the 83 number was second lowest."NI-SEC-09: Number of people charged with terrorist and other serious offences" 1983/613, lowest since 1980 (550), second lowest since 1972.<br >"NI-SEC-05: Persons injured (number) due to the security situation in Northern Ireland (only)" 1983: 1983/ Police: 142 (up from 99 in 82, but second lowest since 1968) / British Army:66/UDR-RIR:22/Civilian:280/Total:510 (lowest since 1968 - 379)
</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2887716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887716" title="30 September Movement">
30 September Movement

The Thirtieth of September Movement (, abbreviated as G30S or Gestok, for "Gerakan satu Oktober", First of October Movement) was a self-proclaimed organization of Indonesian National Armed Forces members who, in the early hours of 1 October 1965, assassinated six Indonesian Army generals in an abortive "coup d'état". Later that morning, the organization declared that it was in control of media and communication outlets and had taken President Sukarno under its protection. By the end of the day, the coup attempt had failed in Jakarta at least. Meanwhile in central Java there was an attempt to take control over an army division and several cities. By the time this rebellion was put down, two more senior officers were dead.
In the days and weeks that followed, the army blamed the coup attempt on the Indonesian Communist Party (PKI). Soon a campaign of mass killing was underway, which resulted in the death of hundreds of thousands of alleged communists.
Under the "New Order" regime of President Suharto the movement was usually referred to as "G30S/PKI" by those wanting to associate it with the PKI, and propaganda would refer to the group as "Gestapu" (for its similarity to "Gestapo", the name of the Nazi secret police).
Kidnappings of generals.
At around 3:15 am on 1 October, seven detachments of troops in trucks and buses dispatched by Lieutenant Col. Untung Syamsuri (commander of the presidents palace guard), comprising soldiers from the Tjakrabirawa (Presidential Guard) the Diponegoro (Central Java) and Brawijaya (East Java) Divisions, left the movement's base at Halim Perdanakusumah Air Force Base, just south of Jakarta to kidnap seven generals, all members of the Army General Staff. Three of the intended victims, (Minister/Commander of the Army Lieutenant General Ahmad Yani, Major General M. T. Haryono and Brigadier General D.I. Panjaitan) were killed at their homes, while three more (Major General Soeprapto, Major General S. Parman and Brigadier General Sutoyo) were taken alive. Meanwhile the main target, Coordinating Minister for Defense and Security and Armed Forces Chief of Staff, General Abdul Harris Nasution managed to escape the kidnap attempt by jumping over a wall into the Iraqi embassy garden. However his personal aide, First Lieutenant Pierre Tendean, was captured by mistake after being mistaken for Nasution in the dark. Nasution's five-year old daughter, Ade Irma Suryani Nasution, was shot by the assault group and died on 6 October. In addition a police officer guarding Nasution's neighbour, Second Inspector Karel Satsuit Tubun, was shot and killed by the kidnapping group. A final victim was Albert Naiborhu, General Pandjaitan's nephew, who was killed during the raid on the General's home. The generals and the bodies of their dead colleagues were taken to a place known as Lubang Buaya near Halim where those still alive were shot. The bodies of all the victims were then thrown down a disused well near the base.
Takeover in Jakarta.
Later that morning, around 2,000 troops from two Java-based divisions (Battalion 454 from the Diponegoro Division and Battalion 530 from the Brawijaya Division) occupied what is now Lapangan Merdeka, the park around the National Monument in central Jakarta, and three sides of the square, including the RRI (Radio Republik Indonesia) building. They did not occupy the east side of the square – location of the armed forces strategic reserve (KOSTRAD) headquarters, commanded at the time by Major General Suharto. At some time during the night, D.N. Aidit, the Indonesian Communist Party (PKI) leader and Air Vice-Marshal Omar Dhani, the Air Force commander both went to Halim pointing at their involvement.
Following the news at 7 am, RRI broadcast a message from Lieutenant-Colonel Untung Syamsuri, commander of Cakrabirawa, Presidential guard, to the effect that the 30 September Movement, an internal army organization, had taken control of strategic locations in Jakarta, with the help of other military units. They proclaimed that this was to forestall a coup attempt by a 'General's Council' aided by the Central Intelligence Agency, intent on removing Sukarno on 5 October, "Army Day". It was also stated that President Sukarno was under the movement's protection. Sukarno traveled to Halim 'after learning that there were troops near the Palace on the north side of Lapangan Merdeka' and also claimed (later) 'that this was so he could be near an aircraft should he need to leave Jakarta'. Further radio announcements later that day listed 45 members of the G30S Movement and stated that all army ranks above Lieutenant Colonel would be abolished.
The end of the movement in Jakarta.
At 5.30 am, Suharto, commander of the Army's Strategic Reserve, was woken up by his neighbor and told of the disappearances of the generals and the shootings at their homes. He went to KOSTRAD HQ and tried to contact other senior officers. He managed to contact the Naval and Police commanders, but was unable to contact the Air Force Commander. He then took command of the Army and issued orders confining all troops to barracks. He was not targeted by the coup and overlooked, probably because he was a quiet, non-political figure at that time.
Because of poor planning, the coup leaders had failed to provide provisions for the troops on Lapangan Merdeka, who were becoming hot and thirsty. They were under the impression that they were guarding the president in the palace. Over the course of the afternoon, Suharto persuaded both battalions to give up without a fight, first the Brawijaya troops, who came to Kostrad HQ, then the Diponegoro troops, who withdrew to Halim. His troops gave Untung's forces inside the radio station an ultimatum and they also withdrew. By 7 pm Suharto was in control of all the installations previously held by 30 September Movement's forces. Now joined by Nasution, at 9 pm he announced over the radio that he was now in command of the Army and that he would destroy the counter-revolutionary forces and save Sukarno. He then issued another ultimatum, this time to the troops at Halim. Later that evening, Sukarno left Halim and arrived in Bogor, where there was another presidential palace.
Most of the rebel troops fled, and after a minor battle in the early hours of 2 October, the Army regained control of Halim, Aidit flew to Yogyakarta and Dani to Madiun before the soldiers arrived.
Events in Central Java.
Following the 7 am radio broadcast, troops from the Diponegoro Division in Central Java took control of five of the seven divisions in the name of the 30 September movement . The PKI mayor of Solo issued a statement in support of the movement. Rebel troops in Yogyakarta, led by Major Muljono, kidnapped and later killed Col. Katamso and his chief of staff Lt. Col. Sugijono. However, once news of the movement's failure in Jakarta became known, most of its followers in Central Java gave themselves up.
Anti-communist purge.
Suharto and his associates immediately blamed the PKI as masterminds of the 30 September Movement. With the support of the Army, and fueled by horrific tales of the alleged torture and mutilation of the generals at Lubang Buaya, anti-PKI demonstrations and then violence soon broke out. Violent mass action started in Aceh, then shifted to Central and East Java. (see Indonesian killings of 1965–66) Suharto then sent the RPKAD paratroops under Col. Sarwo Edhie to Central Java. When they arrived in Semarang, locals burned the PKI headquarters to the ground. The army swept through the countryside and were aided by locals in killing suspected communists. In East Java, members of Ansor, the youth wing of the Nahdlatul Ulama went on a killing frenzy, and the slaughter later spread to Bali. Figures given for the number of people killed across Indonesia vary from 78,000 to one million. Among the dead was Aidit, who was captured by the Army on 25 November and summarily executed shortly after.
Several hundred or thousand Indonesian leftists travelling abroad were unable to return to their homeland. Djawoto, the ambassador to China, refused to be recalled and spent the rest of his life outside of Indonesia. Some of these exiles, writers by trade, continued writing. This Indonesian exile literature was full of hatred for the new government and written simply, for general consumption, but necessarily published internationally.
Theories about the 30 September Movement.
A PKI coup attempt: The "official" (New Order) version.
The Army leadership began making accusations of PKI involvement at an early stage. Later, the government of President Suharto would reinforce this impression by referring to the movement using the abbreviation "G30S/PKI". School textbooks followed the official government line that the PKI, worried about Sukarno's health and concerned about their position should he die, acted to seize power and establish a communist state. The trials of key conspirators were used as evidence to support this view, as was the publication of a cartoon supporting the 30 September Movement in the 2 October issue of the PKI magazine "Harian Rakyat (People's Daily)". According to later pronouncements by the army, the PKI manipulated gullible left-wing officers such as Untung through a mysterious "special bureau" that reported only to the party secretary, Aidit. This case relied on a confession by the alleged head of the bureau, named Sjam, during a staged trial in 1967. But it was never convincingly proved to Western academic specialists, and has been challenged by some Indonesian accounts.
The New Order government promoted this version with a Rp. 800 million film directed by Arifin C. Noer entitled "Pengkhianatan G30S/PKI" ("Treachery of G30S/PKI"; 1984). Between 1984 and 1998 the film was broadcast on the state television station TVRI and, later, private stations; it was also required viewing at schools and political institutions. A 2000 survey by the Indonesian magazine "Tempo" found 97 per cent of the 1,101 students surveyed had seen the film; 87 per cent of them had seen it more than once.
The plotters.
The reason given by those involved in the 30 September movement was that it was to prevent a planned seizure of power by a "Council of Generals" ("Dewan Jenderal"). They claimed to be acting to save Sukarno from these officers allegedly led by Nasution and including Yani, who had planned a coup on Armed Forces Day – 5 October.
Internal army affair.
In 1971, Benedict Anderson and Ruth McVey wrote an article which came to be known as the Cornell Paper. In the essay they proposed that the 30 September Movement was indeed entirely an internal army affair as the PKI had claimed. They claimed that the action was a result of dissatisfaction on the part of junior officers, who found it extremely difficult to obtain promotions and resented the generals' corrupt and decadent lifestyles. They allege that the PKI was deliberately involved by, for example, bringing Aidit to Halim: a diversion from the embarrassing fact the Army was behind the movement.
Recently Anderson expanded on his theory that the coup attempt was almost totally an internal matter of a divided military with the PKI playing only a peripheral role; that the right-wing generals assassinated on 1 October 1965 were, in fact, the Council of Generals coup planning to assassinate Sukarno and install themselves as a military junta. Anderson argues that G30S was indeed a movement of officers loyal to Sukarno who carried out their plan believing it would preserve, not overthrow, Sukarno's rule. The boldest claim in the Anderson theory, however, is that Suharto was in fact privy to the G30S assassination plot.
Central to the Anderson theory is an examination of a little-known figure in the Indonesian army, Colonel Abdul Latief. Latief had spent a career in the Army and, according to Anderson, had been both a staunch Sukarno loyalist and a friend with Suharto. Following the coup attempt, however, Latief was jailed and named a conspirator in G30S. At his military trial in the 1970s, Latief made the accusation that Suharto himself had been a co-conspirator in the G30S plot, and had betrayed the group for his own purposes.
Anderson points out that Suharto himself has twice admitted to meeting Latief in a hospital on 30 September 1965 (i.e. G30S) and that his two narratives of the meeting are contradictory. In an interview with American journalist Arnold Brackman, Suharto stated that Latief had been there merely "to check" on him, as his son was receiving care for a burn. In a later interview with "Der Spiegel", Suharto stated that Latief had gone to the hospital in an attempt on his life, but had lost his nerve. Anderson believes that in the first account, Suharto was simply being disingenuous; in the second, that he had lied.
Further backing his claim, Anderson cites circumstantial evidence that Suharto was indeed in on the plot. Among these are:
Anderson's theory, for all the exhaustive research it has entailed, still leaves open a number of questions of interpretation. If, as Anderson believes, Suharto did have inside knowledge of the G30S plot, this still leaves open several possibilities: (1) that Suharto had truly taken part in the plot and defected; (2) that he had been acting as a spy for the Council of Generals; or (3) that he was uninterested completely in the factional struggle of G30S and Council of Generals. Given that Suharto has since died these questions are unlikely to be answered easily.
Suharto with support from the United States.
Professor Dale Scott alleges that the entire movement was designed to allow for Suharto's response. He draws attention to the fact the side of Lapangan Merdeka on which KOSTRAD was situated was not occupied, and that only those generals who might have prevented Suharto seizing power (except Nasution) were kidnapped. Scott also discusses the relationship between Suharto and three of the Army battalions involved in the coup, which were under his command and staffed by US-trained soldiers. He notes that these battalions switched sides during the rebellion, working to both instigate and quell the coup.
He also alleges that the fact that the generals were killed near an air force base where PKI members had been trained allowed him to shift the blame away from the Army. He links the support given by the CIA to anti-Sukarno rebels in the 1950s to their later support for Suharto and anti-communist forces. He points out that training in the US of Indonesian Army personnel continued even as overt military assistance dried up, and contends that the US contributed substantial covert aid, noting that the US military presence in Djakarta was at an all time high in 1965, and that the US government delivered a shipment of 200 military aircraft to the Indonesian Army the summer before the coup. Scott also implicates the CIA in the destabilization of the Indonesian economy in 1965, and notes that investment by US corporations in Indonesia increased in the months prior to the movement, which he argues indicates US foreknowledge of the plot.
Another damaging revelation came to light when it emerged that one of the main plotters, Col Latief, was a close associate of Suharto, as were other key figures in the movement, and that Latief actually visited Suharto on the night before the murders (Wertheim, 1970)
British psyops.
The role of the United Kingdom's Foreign Office and MI6 intelligence service has also come to light, in a series of exposés by Paul Lashmar and Oliver James in "The Independent" newspaper beginning in 1997. These revelations have also come to light in journals on military and intelligence history.
The revelations included an anonymous Foreign Office source stating that the decision to unseat Pres. Sukarno was made by Prime Minister Harold Macmillan then executed under Prime Minister Harold Wilson. According to the exposés, the United Kingdom had already become alarmed with the announcement of the Konfrontasi policy. It has been claimed that a CIA memorandum of 1962 indicated that Prime Minister Macmillan and President John F. Kennedy were increasingly alarmed by the possibility of the Confrontation with Malaysia spreading, and agreed to "liquidate President Sukarno, depending on the situation and available opportunities." However, the documentary evidence does not support this claim.
To weaken the regime, the Foreign Office's Information Research Department (IRD) coordinated psychological operations in concert with the British military, to spread black propaganda casting the PKI, Chinese Indonesians, and Sukarno in a bad light. These efforts were to duplicate the successes of British Psyop campaign in the Malayan Emergency.
Of note, these efforts were coordinated from the British High Commission in Singapore where the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), Associated Press (AP), and New York Times filed their reports on the Indonesian turmoil. According to Roland Challis, the BBC correspondent who was in Singapore at the time, journalists were open to manipulation by IRD because of Sukarno's stubborn refusal to allow them into the country: "In a curious way, by keeping correspondents out of the country Sukarno made them the victims of official channels, because almost the only information you could get was from the British ambassador in Jakarta."
These manipulations included the BBC reporting that Communists were planning to slaughter the citizens of Jakarta. The accusation was based solely on a forgery planted by Norman Reddaway, a propaganda expert with the IRD. He later bragged in a letter to the British ambassador in Jakarta, Sir Andrew Gilchrist that it "went all over the world and back again," and was "put almost instantly back into Indonesia via the BBC." Sir Andrew Gilchrist himself informed the Foreign Office on 5 October 1965: "I have never concealed from you my belief that a little shooting in Indonesia would be an essential preliminary to effective change."
In the 16 April 2000 "Independent", Sir Denis Healey, Secretary of State for Defence at the time of the war, confirmed that the IRD was active during this time. He officially denied any role by MI6, and denied "personal knowledge" of the British arming the right-wing faction of the Army, though he did comment that if there were such a plan, he "would certainly have supported it."
Although the British MI6 is strongly implicated in this scheme by the use of the Information Research Department (seen as an MI6 office), any role by MI6 itself is officially denied by the UK government, and papers relating to it had yet to be declassified by the Cabinet Office. ("The Independent", 6 December 2000)
Upon declassification, they confirmed that British support for the slaughter had taken place on three main fronts: encouragement of the killing; giving the Indonesian military a free hand by furnishing assurances that there would be no British intervention while PKI was being crushed; and propaganda operations.
Incompetent plotters; the army takes advantage.
In a 2006 book on the Movement, historian John Roosa dismisses the official version of events, saying it was "imposed by force of arms" and "partly based on black propaganda and torture-induced testimonies." He points out that Suharto never satisfactorily explained away the fact that most of the movement's protagonists were Army officers. However, he does concede that some elements of the PKI were involved. Roosa's opinion is shared by Bradley Simpson, who published a book on the movement in 2008.
Similarly, he asks why, if the movement was planned by military officers, as alleged in the "Cornell Paper", was it so poorly planned. In any case, he says, the movement's leaders were too disparate a group to find enough common ground to carry out the operation.
He claims that US officials and certain Indonesian Army officers had already outlined a plan in which the PKI would be blamed for an attempted coup, allowing for the party's suppression and the installation of a military regime under Sukarno as a figurehead president. Simpson agrees with Roosa on this but also claims that the US had no prior warning of the coup. Once the 30 September Movement acted, the US gave the Indonesian military encouragement and assistance in the destruction of the PKI, including supplying lists of party members and radio equipment.
As to the movement itself, Roosa concludes that it was led by Sjam, in collaboration with Aidit, but 'not' the party as a whole, together with Pono, Untung and Latief. Simpson claims that the consensus belief among historians is that the movement was the handiwork of Sjam and Aidit. Suharto was able to defeat the movement because he knew of it beforehand and because the Army had already prepared for such a contingency. He says Sjam was the link between the PKI members and the Army officers, but lack of coordination was a major reason for the failure of the movement.

</doc>
<doc id="2887732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887732" title="Patrick Rondat">
Patrick Rondat

Patrick Rondat is a French guitarist. He plays instrumental heavy metal associated with diverse influences such as new age music, progressive metal, classical music and jazz. He appears in some shows by Jean Michel Jarre.
Biography.
He has played with Elegy, Consortium Project, Red Circuit, G3 with Joe Satriani and Steve Vai, and Jean Michel Jarre. He is also featured on the song "Rainmaker" on Vanden Plas's Spirit of Live album.
He participated in the compilation "Rock Hard appointment" (Vogue, 1989), which made him known to a wider audience, and began a French tour with Blue Oyster Cult. The release of the debut solo album "Just For Fun" confirms his position as leader of the metal instrumental. 
He began touring with "Rape of the Earth" (Vogue / Music For Nation 1991). His first two albums are distributed internationally, and he is involved in the famous live show BBC Radio 1 London, in which the technique is still present, with compositions more mature and accomplished. Alongside his solo career, Patrick has worked with other artists. 
The meeting with Jarre in 1991 opened new horizons in music. After his participation in Monsters of Rock (AC/DC, Metallica, Queensrÿche etc.), he began working with Jean-Michel, recording the album "Chronologie" which led to participation in an impressive series of concerts around the world, including one at Wembley Stadium in 1993.
This meeting also led to the recording of "Amphibia" (FDM 1996), produced by Jean-Michel, on which he is accompanied by Tommy Aldridge and Patrice Guers. This album continues the musical change in "Rape of the Earth" where the compositions of progressive influences are affirmed in an adaptation of the landmark Presto Vivaldi (Vivaldi Tribute). 
Other artists cross the path of Patrick on several occasions, including Tony Mac Alpine, Simon Phillips, Steve Lukather, Stu Hamm (Cannes music passion) and Gary Moore (BBM) which provides the first part at the Zenith in Paris, then the invitation to join Joe Satriani 's's tour G3 (1998) with Michael Schenker, for 14 very memorable shows. 
In 1999, released "On the Edge" (FDM), a transition album exploring other musical worlds. Along with Patrick, Tommy Aldridge, and Guers, two other prestigious musicians are invited: Didier Lockwood and Michel Petrucciani . 
During this period, he began a collaboration with English singer Ian Parry, participating in the Consortium Project . He recorded two albums and toured Europe together with Patrice Guers (who will join Rhapsody a few years later), Dirk Bruinenberg (drummer of Elegy, with drummer Patrick appointed from this time), Stephan Lill, and Gunter Verno ( Vanden Plas ). After this positive experience, Patrick Holland joined the group "Elegy" for two albums, followed by a tour around the world. 
Jean-Michel Jarre prompt on new gigs: Monaco, Gdansk, Athens, Beijing (Universal DVD), it's time for Patrick to prepare his new solo album "An ephemeral world" (2004 NTS), our concept album evoking the ephemeral. Regarded by many as his most successful album, it confirmed its qualities as a composer and outstanding instrumentalist. Allen then joins a tour with the band Freak Kitchen, and the arrival of Manu Martin on keyboards strengthens team spirit. 
In the encounter with classical pianist Hervé N'Kaoua in 2008, the collaboration requires discipline and humility. The duo, often conflicting cultures, offers a new perspective on the sonatas for piano and violin (Fauré / Beethoven), and also pieces for orchestra (Winter A. Vivaldi). The recording of this album is followed by concerts in France and Italy in 2009, and XIII bis Records released a 5-CD box set tracing his career (Just for fun, Rape Of The Earth, An ephemeral world, Patrick Hervé N'Kaoua Rondat Live Channel unpublished 93-2005). 
For over twenty years, Patrick has also been dedicated to teaching and considers it essential to transmit and share his musical legacy. Thus he presents workshops, master classes in France and abroad, and has recorded an instructional DVD (virtuosity and velocity -1997).
Both, Harrison Ford and Hugh Grant, have mentioned him as their favourite music artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2887736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887736" title="Dennis Storhøi">
Dennis Storhøi

Jahn Dennis Storhøi (born July 15, 1960 in Fredrikstad, Norway) is a Norwegian actor.
Biography.
He is an acclaimed theatre actor in Norway, having won several awards. However, he is best known for his role as "Herger the Joyous" in John McTiernan's "The 13th Warrior". To younger crowds he is better known for playing in several Norwegian TV shows and giving voices to cartoons.
On 17 March 2010, he and several other Norwegian actors were cast in "The Thing" prequel. The film is supposedly going to be about the Norwegian expedition who found the alien creature. Storhøi later dropped out of the project due to personal reasons and was replaced by Ulrich Thomsen.
Personal life.
He is married to Mona Keilhau Storhøi (who also had a small part in "The 13th Warrior") and has three children, two from an earlier marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="2887740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887740" title="David Dalrymple">
David Dalrymple

David Dalrymple may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887741" title="Lansingburgh, New York">
Lansingburgh, New York

Lansingburgh was the first chartered village in Rensselaer County, New York, USA and was settled around 1763. The name is from Abraham Lansing, an early settler, combined with the Scottish word "burgh".
Lansingburgh was founded in 1807 from part of the "Town of Troy" and Town of Petersburgh. The size was increased in 1819 with more land from the Town of Schaghticoke, again in 1836 with another part of Troy, and in 1839 with part of the Town of Brunswick.
Chester A. Arthur (1829–1886), 21st President of the United States, born in Fairfield, Vermont, spent part of his youth in Lansingburgh. Author Herman Melville wrote his first two novels in Lansingburgh. He resided at what is now known as the Herman Melville House from 1838 to 1847 and it serves as headquarters of the Lansingburgh Historical Society. Children’s author Mary Louise Peebles (1833–1915) was born, raised and died in Lansingburgh.
Lansingburgh was the site of the Lansingburgh Academy. The Academy building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The Powers Home, built in 1846, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and the Lansingburgh Village Burial Ground in 2002.
In 1900, Lansingburgh became part of the City of Troy.
Demographics.
Demographically speaking Lansingburgh is fairly diverse. Lansingburgh has always been a predominately working class Irish Neighborhood since the late 1880s.
In the 12182 zip code 71% of residents are Non-Hispanic White, 17% Non Hispanic Black or African American, 9% Hispanic or Latino and 3% other. Top Ancestries reported in the zip code 12182 are 22% Irish, 13% African American, 8% Italian, 7% French, 6% Puerto Rican and 3% Trindadian. The Median Household Income for this zip is 31,321. 24% of the population is living below the poverty line.
The Lansingburgh School district has a 73% graduation Rate for the Senior High school. This is higher than most other local city school Districts. 50% of students in the district are economically disadvantaged. The Senior High is 65% Non-Hispanic White, 22% Black, 9% Hispanic and 3% Multi-Racial and 1% Asian.
The Lansingburgh has its own school district as well as post office, but police, fire, and public works are part of the City of Troy.

</doc>
<doc id="2887744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887744" title="Runny Babbit">
Runny Babbit

Runny Babbit: A Billy Sook is the title of a children's book by Shel Silverstein. A work in progress for the better part of 20 years, the book was published posthumously in 2005. The book is largely composed of spoonerisms in rhyming verse.
Other than speaking only in spoonerisms, Runny is a normal child. He has many friends, and two loving parents, his "dummy and mad," who often remind him to "shake a tower," "dash the wishes," "tush your breeth," "rean your cloom,"and other chores.

</doc>
<doc id="2887748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887748" title="Poison (Bell Biv DeVoe song)">
Poison (Bell Biv DeVoe song)

"Poison" is a 1990 single by the New Edition spinoff group, Bell Biv DeVoe. This song—in the style of New Jack Swing, a late-80s hybrid of R&B and hip hop—was the group's most successful, and sings of the dangers of falling in love. "Poison" was the first single taken from Bell Biv DeVoe's debut album of the same name.
While the song samples from hip hop (Kool G Rap's "Poison"), the lines "Never trust a big butt and a smile" and "The J, the I, the M, the M, The Y" (originally from Boogie Down Production's 1988 classic "Jimmy") reflected a new era of AIDS consciousness and would quickly become a staple of hip hop. In the outro, BBD gives shout-outs to their former New Edition bandmates, Bobby Brown, Ralph Tresvant and Johnny Gill.
On the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, "Poison" rose from number fifty-two to number thirty-eight in the week of April 14, 1990, and eventually peaked at number three for four consecutive weeks, beginning on June 9, 1990. The single also peaked at number one on the Hot Black Singles chart for two weeks. "Poison" became one of the most successful singles of 1990 (see 1990 in music), and was a staple on MTV and mainstream radio in the summer, spending ten weeks in the Top 10. The single peaked at number seven on the dance charts. "Poison" was certified platinum by the RIAA on June 1, 1990 for sales of over one million copies.
It has been used in film ("Pootie Tang", "Honey 2", "Pineapple Express"), television ("A Different World", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", "Scrubs", "Glee"), and video games (2004's "", on New Jack Swing radio station , 2009's "DJ Hero", 2010's "Dance Central"). It is also referenced in the Madvillain song, "Fancy Clown" and the Donald D. track, "She Gets Buck Wild". "Poison" was named #60 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 90s as well as #1 on VH1's 40 Greatest R&B Songs of the 90s.
The song was used in a New York Knicks intermission video, where the players awkwardly attempt to sing along with the song. It was also covered by Dev in her mixtape Dev Is Hot: The Mixtape. The song was also used a sample for Missy Elliott protégée Sharaya J's "Snatch Yo Wigs" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="2887750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887750" title="USS SC-1329">
USS SC-1329

USS SC-1329 was an SC-497 class submarine chaser in the United States Navy.
SC-1329 was laid down 10 October 1942, by Simms Brothers, Dorchester, Massachusetts, and was launched 19 April 1943. The ship was commissioned 8 May 1943.
USS SC-1329 served in the English Channel and was based in Portsmouth, England. She participated in the June 1944 Normandy landings. Lt. Robert Cotton was the ship's commander and Lt. Junior Grade William C. Graham was the executive officer.
The ship returned to Miami in June–July 1945 to prepare for assignment to war in the Pacific. She was transferred to the United States Coast Guard on 7 February 1946. The ship was sold to a business in Brooklyn, NY and became a day fishing boat named the F/V Elmar. It was resold and relocated to Florida. It finally was sunk in 1979 in the St. Johns River in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="2887753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887753" title="Walter Mignolo">
Walter Mignolo

Walter D. Mignolo is an Argentine semiotician (École des Hautes Études) and professor at Duke University, who has published extensively on semiotics and literary theory, and worked on different aspects of the modern and colonial world, exploring concepts such as global coloniality, the geopolitics of knowledge, transmodernity, border thinking, and pluriversality.
Work.
Mignolo received his BA in Philosophy from the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, Argentina in 1969. In 1974 he obtained his Ph.D. from the École des Hautes Études, Paris. He subsequently taught at the Universities of Toulouse, Indiana, and Michigan.
Since January 1993, Walter D. Mignolo has been the William H. Wannamaker Professor of Literature and Romance Studies at Duke University, USA, and has joint appointments in Cultural Anthropology and Romance Studies.
Mignolo co-edits the web dossier, Worlds and Knowledges Otherwise. He is the academic director of "Duke in the Andes", an interdisciplinary program in Latin American and Andean Studies in Quito, Ecuador, at the Universidad Politécnica Salesiana. Since 2000, he has directed the Center for Global Studies and the Humanities, a research unit within the John Hope Franklin Center for International and Interdisciplinary Studies. He has also been named Permanent Researcher at Large at the Universidad Andina Simón Bolívar in Quito, Ecuador.
Recently, Mignolo has ventured into what he calls "decolonial aesthetics" writing on artists Pedro Lasch, Fred Wilson, and Tanja Ostojić. He contributed to "Black Mirror/Espejo Negro", a book on the works of Pedro Lasch, edited by Lasch, published by Duke University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="2887764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887764" title="Mitsubishi Endeavor">
Mitsubishi Endeavor

The Mitsubishi Endeavor is a mid-size crossover SUV built by Mitsubishi Motors at their manufacturing facility in Normal, Illinois. Based on the PS platform, it was the first vehicle built under Mitsubishi's "Project America", a program aimed at introducing vehicles for North America without having to compromise to accommodate other export markets.
Its design origins can be traced back to the Mitsubishi SSU which debuted at the 1999 North American International Auto Show, although the Endeavor does not share the concept's mechanical underpinnings. The prototype was powered by a version of the "6A13TT" 2.5 liter twin-turbo V6, which directed the power to a full-time all wheel drive system through its "INVECS-II" five-speed semi-automatic transmission and AYC. When the Endeavor debuted, it used the "6G75" 3.8 liter V6 offering (improved to in 2004) and , mated to a four-speed semi-automatic transmission with an optional all wheel drive system that splits the torque 50/50 by default. In 2011, the Endeavor again featured a 3.8L V6 but upgraded once more to produce 225 hp and 255 ft. lbs or torque. It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
Despite some reasonably favorable reviews on its release, the Endeavor's performance in the marketplace failed to meet Mitsubishi's expectations. On its release in March 2002 the company aimed for 80,000 annual sales but achieved only 32,054 by the end of its debut year, and sales fell every year since.
Mitsubishi did not produce any 2009 Endeavor models for the retail market. They did produce a 2009 model for fleet customers that are turning up as used, off lease vehicles. They share the exterior appearance with the 2010 model, however are equipped with cloth interior, and add bluetooth. For the 2010 model year, the Endeavor gets another facelift, with newer front and rear fascias. The 2010 Endeavor went on sale in June 2009. It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating. Also adds hands free bluetooth calling.
On April 25, 2011, it was announced that Endeavor production would end in August 2011.
Annual production and sales.
"(sources: Facts & Figures 2005, Facts & Figures 2008, Facts & Figures 2011, Facts & Figures 2013, Mitsubishi Motors website)"

</doc>
<doc id="2887772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887772" title="Raider Nation">
Raider Nation

The Raider Nation is the official name for the fans of the NFL's Oakland Raiders. Jim Hudson originated the name in the early 1980's when the Raiders returned from Los Angeles. The Raider Nation website was created by Jim Hudson as a rallying point for the return to Oakland and to revive the memory of the "original" Oakland Raiders. From the website sprang the original designs and logos that came to represent Raider Nation. Several key partnerships made sure that Raider Nation became the preeminent representative of Oakland Raider fans - Raider Nation managed the Raider Locker Room website owned by John Vella and Raider Nation became aligned with Silver and Black Illustrated which published a traditional printed newspaper. The Raider Nation name and logos were trademarked and a search of the USPTO verifies the origins of the name, as does a search of the origins of the RaiderNation.com website. The most conclusive evidence of the origin, however, is in the agreement between the NFL and Jim Hudson that allowed the NFL to secure the rights to the Raider Nation name and all associated logos.
The team's fans devotion is chronicled in "Better to Reign in Hell", a book written by San Diego English professor Jim Miller. and Kelly Mayhew, who are also Raider fans.
Characteristics.
The city of Oakland's working-class background and "underdog status" compared to its neighboring city of San Francisco is cited as the foundation of the Raider Nation and its image, as is the influence of "outlaws" such as owner Al Davis and players like Ted Hendricks, John Matuszak, Bob Brown, Jack Tatum, and Lyle Alzado in creating a bad boy image. The team's aggressive style of play during the 1970s and 1980s, when the Raiders won their three Super Bowls, is also mentioned. This perception did not change when the Raiders moved to Los Angeles, but the move did diversify their fan base to include more Latinos and African Americans, and the Raiders would become increasingly associated with West Coast gangster rap groups like N.W.A. during this period. This association would serve as a double edged sword, as it led to the Raider Nation spreading throughout the country and turning the team into an internationally desired brand, but the fans would also gain an undeserved reputation for violence and thuggishness that persists to this day.
Members of the Raider Nation take pride in their image, and many of the most devoted Raiders fans dress up in elaborate costumes on game day. Many of these costumes are intended to be intimidating and eccentric while also adhering to the Raider's silver and black color scheme, and many fans also create alter egos for these characters as well. These fans are typically the ones that are most associated with the Raider Nation and the Black Hole.

</doc>
<doc id="2887777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887777" title="René Piché">
René Piché

René L. Piché (May 5, 1931 – January 22, 2011) was a Canadian politician, who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1981 to 1985. 
He briefly served as a cabinet minister for Northern Transportation in the government of Frank Miller. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. While in the Legislature, Piché was appointed Government Whip and named Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Revenue. He also served on two legislative committees: Administration of Justice and Ombudsman.
Piché was the founding chairman of Northeastern Ontario Municipalities Action Group, serving for nine years as its chairman between 1972 and 1980. In addition, Piché served as a member of the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission for seven years from 1973 to 1980.
Piché began his political career at the municipal level, serving as mayor of Kapuskasing for 13 years from 1971 to 1980, and returning to office again in 1991 for three more years. He was elected for the Cochrane North constituency in the 1981 provincial election, defeating Liberal candidate Jean-Paul Bourgeault by 188 votes. He served as a backbench supporter of Bill Davis's government for four years, and was named a minister without portfolio when Miller succeeded Davis as premier on February 8, 1985.
The Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a tenuous minority government in the 1985 provincial election. Piché was personally defeated in Cochrane North, losing to Liberal René Fontaine by 1,910 votes. He formally resigned from cabinet on May 17, 1985. He later returned to municipal politics, and again served as Kapuskasing's mayor in the 1990s.
Piché attempted to return to the Ontario legislature in the 1990 provincial election, but finished third against New Democrat Len Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="2887781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887781" title="Sekolah Tuanku Abdul Rahman">
Sekolah Tuanku Abdul Rahman

Sekolah Tuanku Abdul Rahman (or STAR) is a premier, all-boys fully residential school in Malaysia funded by the Government of Malaysia. Named after the first Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King) of the Federation of Malaya, Almarhum Seri Paduka Baginda Tuanku Abdul Rahman ibni Almarhum Tuanku Muhammad, it is located in Ipoh, Perak. The school started at an army camp in "Baeza Avenue" (now known as Jalan Hospital). Formerly known as Malay Secondary School, the school was built by the Malayan government in 1957. In 2011,the school was awarded with the Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi or High Performance School title, a title awarded to schools in Malaysia that have met stringent criteria including academic achievement, strength of alumni, international recognition, network and linkages. In the recent PMR examination (2013), the school managed to produce 86 straight A's students out of 107 with GPS 1.05 to be the third best among schools in Perak. while for Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia, the school obtained GPS of 1.73 with 36 students obtaining straight A's and 2 students gain straight A+.
The beginning.
In 1956, a few hundred promising rural children who had completed their Malay primary level education, and their placement in a few selected schools in Ipoh, Pulau Pinang, Kuala Lipis, Kuala Lumpur and Johor Bharu were chosen to be the pioneer students of the first three Malay residential secondary schools for rural children. They were planned in Ipoh, Tg. Malim, and Melaka. These schools were later known as Sekolah Tuanku Abd Rahman (STAR), Ipoh; Sekolah Dato' Abdul Razak (SDAR), Tg. Malim; and Sekolah Tun Fatimah (STF), Melaka.
In 1957, 360 of these 13–15-year-old children were placed in five old wooden military barracks vacated by the Malay Regiments, at what was then known as Baeza Avenue, Ashby Road, Ipoh (the site where Sekolah Kebangsaan Sri Kinta, Jalan Hospital, Ipoh, now stands).
For these children, the military barracks, with twelve wooden classrooms, became their school, known as the Malay Secondary School (MSS), Ipoh. Classrooms, sleeping quarters (dormitories), dining hall etc. were all cramped in the barracks within barbed wire fences surrounding the 4-acre site. There was no space for the school to have a hall, or a playing field.
History.
The school started on January 13, 1957, with the admission of 200 of these children into Form One. In March, another 160 joined the school to join the Remove Class. A year in what was called “Remove Class” was deemed necessary for every intake of students at the start. The purpose was to equip the students with sufficient command of English language that would enable them to commence their secondary education with English as the medium of instruction. Hence around 60-70% of the time in Remove Class was devoted to the teaching and learning of English Language. The Remove Class ceased to exist when Bahasa Malaysia was made the sole medium of instruction in secondary schools in the country in the early 1970s.
Teaching was done by a group of 15 teachers led by En Hamdan b Sheikh Tahir (Allahyarham Tun Hamdan b Sheikh Tahir) as the first principal. Classes were conducted following the standard curriculum offered in the English medium secondary schools of the day. Associations such as the English and Malay Literary and Debating societies were set up A Boy Scout group, a Red Cross Society and a St. John Ambulance Association group were also formed. The lack of a school hall did not deter the boys from staging a school play for the town folks using another school hall at ACS Ipoh. The absence of a school field of their own did not prevent the boys from playing soccer, hockey and rugby two days a week on “borrowed” ground at the Anderson School new field. The tradition of having Annual School Sports Day was also started in the first year when on 12 July 1957, using the Anderson School field, the school held its first School Sports Day.
The official opening.
On May 14, 1958, the name Malay Secondary School (MSS) gave way to the name “STAR” after the school was officially opened and renamed “Sekolah Tuanku Abdul Rahman” Ipoh, by the first Prime Minister of Malaysia, Allahyarham Tunku Abd Rahman Putra.
The hope and the aspiration the government placed on the school in helping the Malays were reflected by some of the words of the Yang Dipertuan Agong, the Prime Minister, and the Minister of Education in their messages commemorating the day:
'"Yang Dipertuan Agong, Istana Negara, KL.
26 April 1958.
'"Tunku Abd Rahman, Prime Minister, Fed. Of Malaya.
8 May 1958"'
'"Mohd Khir Johari, Minister of Education, Federation of Malaya.
10th. May 1958"'
The opening and renaming of the school was symbolized by the Prime Minister unveiling a brass plaque with the inscription of the school name mounted on a granite boulder placed in the roundabout in front of the main school block. The ceremony was witnessed by the whole school in the presence of many dignitaries including the Deputy Prime Minister, YAB Dato Abd Razak Hussain, Federal Ministers and the Menteri Besar of Perak YAB En Ghazali Jawi. The occasion was celebrated with an exhibition of handiwork put up by the boys, a mass drill and a display by a military band, a soccer match between the young school team and the junior team of the Malay College Kuala Kangsar, and a variety concert.
Symbols.
The motto is "Ilmu Panduan Hidup”, the school colours are red and white, and the school song is “Ilmu Panduan Hidup”.
Hostel and houses.
The boys were accommodated in six hostel blocks. Each hostel is supervised by a teacher-warden who lives in the warden’s flat in the same building. To look after the discipline and the well being of the boys in the hostels, the warden is helped by prefects appointed from the more senior boys.
Each hostel is identified as a “House” named after a colour: Green, Blue, Black, Red, White and Yellow. The house system promotes cooperation and esprit de corp among the boys in the same house and provides competition in games, athletics, and debates.
Sports.
STAR was Perak state rugby champion for many years, culminating in winning the Mori Trophy in 1968. Many of the players went on to don state and national colors. The rugby's team battlecry of ""Cobra tasha, Cobra tasha, shina shina STAR"" is the embodiment of the school's spirit.
Controversies.
In 2003, 20 Form Five students were expelled for reviving a negative culture(gangsterism) in the school. The culture is known as "The High Council" where the group, consisting of seniors (who are active in sports and excel academically, but lack spiritually) would intimidate and force the juniors to obey their rules. It is a structured and organised crime where there were even rituals to appoint their leaders. They even claimed themselves to be the most "powerful organisation in the school" and neglected the power of its school's prefects and teachers. It gained huge criticism throughout the nation and even caused the formation of a specific committee at national-level in combatting this problem.
Notable alumni.
The alumni of the school are affiliated to "STAROBA", the Sekolah Tuanku Abdul Rahman Old Boys Association. The society is involved in activities like Old Boys Weekend and other sporting events involving alumni of other schools. The President of the association is Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad, CEO of PUNB Bhd.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="2887787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887787" title="Borysów">
Borysów

Borysów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887789" title="The Massacre at Paris">
The Massacre at Paris

The Massacre at Paris is the title of an Elizabethan play by the English dramatist Christopher Marlowe (1593) and a Restoration drama by Nathaniel Lee (1689), the later chiefly remembered for a song by Henry Purcell. Both concern the Saint Bartholomew's Day Massacre, which took place in Paris in 1572, and the part played by the Duc de Guise in those events.
Marlowe's play.
The Lord Strange's Men acted a play titled "The Tragedy of the Guise", thought to be Marlowe's play, on 30 January 1593. The Admiral's Men performed "The Guise" or "The Massacre" ten times between 19 June and 25 September 1594. The Diary of Philip Henslowe marks the play as "ne," though scholars disagree as to whether this indicates a "new" play or a performance at the Newington Butts theatre. The Diary also indicates that Henslowe planned a revival of the play in 1602, possibly in a revised version. A possible revision may have something to do with the surprising number of Shakespearean borrowings and paraphrases in the text.
The only surviving text is an undated octavo edition, that at 1,250 or so lines seems too short to represent the complete original play and which has been conjectured to be a memorial reconstruction by the actors who performed the work.
One page perhaps survives in manuscript. It is known as the "Collier leaf," after the Shakespearean scholar John Payne Collier, who is known to have been a notorious forger, although modern scholars think that this particular leaf is probably authentic. It supplies a longer version of a speech of the Guise's than appears in the printed text, adding twelve lines of blank verse.
Revivals.
England - (Amateur) in 1963 there was a student production by Cambridge University's Marlowe Society.
England - (Amateur) In 1966 there was a student production at Marlowe's old college, Corpus Christi, Cambridge.
Scotland and tour - In 1981 on 30 Jan - 14 Feb there was a two week run of the play at the Glasgow Citizen's Theatre, with Robert Gwilym as the Guise, and which saw a 20 year old Gary Oldman make his professional debut. It then toured to Holland and Germany. It was directed by Philip Prowse.
England - In 1985, on 15 and 16 October, two performances with a cast of ten actors, including Lindsay Duncan, at the Other Place in Stratford-upon-Avon, as part of the RSC Youth Festival, directed by Paul Marcus.
England - In 1996 in July a staged reading of the play took place at Shakespeare's Globe's Bear Gardens Theatre on Bankside, directed by Benjamin May.
USA - (Amateur) In 1999, director Jeff Dailey staged the play with a youth group for The Marlowe Project at the Producer's Club in New York.
Australia - (Amateur) In 2001 an adapted version of the play, with much new material, was written by the leading Australian playwright Tommy Murphy for a production by Australian Theatre for Young People at the Newton Theatre, Sydney.
USA - In 2001 in February the play was given a reading by Target Margin Theatre in New York.
Holland - In 2001 the play was adapted by Hafid Bouazza, and directed for Toneelgroep Amsterdam by Ivo van Hove.
Ireland - In 2002 an adapted version of the play, with new material added by Alex Johnston, was performed by Bedrock theatre company at the Project Arts Centre in in Dublin, with Karl Shiels as the Guise, and Andrea Irvine as Catherine de' Medici, directed by Jimmy Fay.
England - (Amateur) In 2003 on 2 July Blood and Thunder Theatre Company performed a staged reading of the play with students and amateurs in the Octagon Theatre of St Catherine's College, Cambridge, as part of the Marlowe Society of America's Conference, directed by Kelley Costigan.
Australia - In 2008 6–17 August Doorslam theatre company performed the play at Theatre Works, St. Kilda, Melbourne, with Myles Tankle as the Guise, Joel Davey as Henry III, and Jenny Lovell as Catherine de' Medici, directed by Mark Wilson and Jenny Lovell.
England - In 2011 on 18 September Shakespeare's Globe's Read Not Dead project gave the play a fully staged reading, directed by James Wallace, with Linda Marlowe as Catherine de' Medici, Dominic Rowan as the Guise, Ben Deery as Henry III, and Charlie Anson as Navarre.
USA - (Amateur) In 2013 on 25 June a fully staged undergraduate production took place in the Blackfriars Theatre in Staunton, Virginia as part of the Seventh International Marlowe Conference.
England - (Amateur) In 2014 12–15 February, Cambridge University's Marlowe Society performs the play at the ADC theatre, directed by Gareth Mattey.
England - In 2014 11-29 March the first professional run of the play in England in four centuries took place at the site of its first performance at The Rose Playhouse on Bankside, presented by The Dolphin's Back, with John Gregor as The Guise, Kristin Milward as Catherine de' Medici, James Askill as Henry III, and Lachlan McCall as Navarre, directed by James Wallace.
England - In 2014 on 18 and 19 March, the play was performed twice in the crypt of Canterbury Cathedral by Fourth Monkey Theatre Company, in association with the Marlowe Theatre and the Marlowe Society, as part of the Marlowe450 season. Directors were Andy Dawson and Paul Allain.
Lee's play.
Nathaniel Lee's play "The Massacre at Paris" was written during the 1680s when the author was in and out of Bedlam. The premiere took place in 1689.
Henry Purcell set to omen to Charles IX from act V, "Thy genius, lo", in two versions, the one for baritone (Z 604a) appearing in "Orpheus Britannicus". For a revival in 1695 he recast the speech as a recitative for treble.

</doc>
<doc id="2887790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887790" title="Zasław">
Zasław

Zasław may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887795" title="Magé">
Magé

Magé is a city and a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.
"Magepe-Mirim" was established in 1566 by Portuguese colonists. It is a very calm place, especially compared to nearby Rio.
Politics.
In elections of 5 October 2008 Núbia Cozzolino was re-elected mayor with 51% of the vote but had her mandate revoked in 2009 after being impeached on various corruption charges. She was succeeded by her deputy Rozan Gomes who was also impeached resulting in a by-election on 31 July 2011, won by Nestor Vidal of the PMDB with 68.62% of the vote.
Geography.
Magé borders Petrópolis to the north, Duque de Caxias to west, Guapimirim to the east and Guanabara bay to the south.
The climate is tropical throughout the municipality, except in areas near the Serra dos Órgãos with a tropical climate of altitude.
According to the mayor Nestor Vidal, the high index of growth in population is caused by the low taxes and low prices of homes in the city. The population nowadays is 271,440, up from the approx. 90,000 in the 60's. According to the 2009 census, whites were 15.2%, browns (mulatos) were 66.6% and blacks of Africans were 19.1%. Another races were representing 0.01% of the population in Magé. Class A population were 1.5%, Class B 46.2%, Class C 47.1% and Class D 6.2%, that means the index of poverty is high in the city, more than 55% are living in the poverty line in Magé.
Notable people.
The Brazilian Internationally well known soccer player Mané Garrincha was born in Magé (Pau Grande) in October 28, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="2887800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887800" title="Jim O'Brien (basketball, born 1952)">
Jim O'Brien (basketball, born 1952)

James Francis Xavier "Jim" O'Brien (born February 11, 1952) is an American basketball coach.
Early life and education.
O'Brien is the son-in-law of Hall of Fame coach Jack Ramsay. Born and raised in Philadelphia, O'Brien graduated from Roman Catholic High School of Philadelphia in 1970 and St. Joseph's University in 1974. At St. Joseph's, O'Brien started on the Hawks basketball team for three seasons. He earned an M.B.A. from the University of Maryland in 1981.
Coaching career.
O'Brien was also head coach at Wheeling Jesuit University from 1982–87 and the University of Dayton from 1989–94. He led the Dayton Flyers to the second round of the NCAA Tournament in his first season, after winning the Midwestern Collegiate Conference; however he led the Flyers to just 10 wins in his last two seasons at the school and was fired after the 1993–1994 season. O'Brien then served as an assistant coach to Rick Pitino at the University of Kentucky from 1994 to 1997 and then with the Boston Celtics from 1997 to 2001.
Before his stint in Philadelphia, O'Brien was the head coach of the Boston Celtics from 2001–2004, replacing Rick Pitino. He worked to rebuild the struggling Celtics and led them twice to the playoffs. During the 2003–04 NBA season, however, O'Brien consistently fought with Celtics' general manager Danny Ainge over short-term versus long-term goals. Ainge was looking to completely redo the roster, and traded Eric Williams and Tony Battie, two of O'Brien's favorite hardworking players in December 2003. As a result of the conflict, O'Brien shocked everyone in the Celtics community by resigning in January 2004.
He was hired as head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers during the 2004–05 season. The 76ers made the playoffs in his one season as coach after missing the postseason the previous year, and although O'Brien had a multiyear contract, he was fired. Billy King hired Maurice Cheeks as head coach after Cheeks was fired by the Portland Trail Blazers.
"The Indianapolis Star" reported on May 31, 2007 that he would coach the Indiana Pacers. He replaced Rick Carlisle, who was fired after four years, when the team failed in 2006–07 to make the playoffs for the first time in a decade. On January 31, 2011, Pacers President of Basketball Operations Larry Bird relieved O'Brien of his coaching duties. He was replaced by assistant Frank Vogel on an interim basis, but Vogel was retained after the season and is currently the Pacers' head coach.
In the season, O'Brien was an assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks. After the season, O'Brien retired from the team to spend more time with family. 
Broadcasting career.
O'Brien was also an analyst for ESPN's NBA coverage from 2005–07. 

</doc>
<doc id="2887810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887810" title="Karin Hansdotter">
Karin Hansdotter

Karin (Katarina) Hansdotter (1539–1596) was the royal mistress of King John III of Sweden in the 1550s before his marriage during his time as Prince and Duke of Finland.
Biography.
Karin is believed to be the daughter of Hans Klasson Kökkemäster, a former monk, which had been made priest in Stockholm after the reformation of 1527, and his wife Ingeborg Åkesdotter, a former nun and the illegitimate daughter of a nobleman. Her father was later fired from his work because of adultery. Karin was employed at the court of Queen dowager Katarina Stenbock in 1550. John met her sometime in the middle of the 1550s, and she followed him to his fief in Finland where she was installed as his mistress (1556). In Finland, she lived openly as the hostess of Åbo Castle. In 1560, she and her children left for Sweden. 
In 1561, before John's marriage to Catherine Jagellonica of Poland, Karin was married to Klas Andersson Westgöte (d. 1565), a servant (page) of John, and given the Wääksy Manor in Kangasala in Finland. She lost a lot of her property at John's rebellion against king Eric in 1563, but when John became King in 1568, he continued to support Karin and his illegitimate children. 
In 1572 Karin was married again, her earlier husband was murdered by Erik XIV in 1563, to a Lars Henrikson Hordeel (d. 1591). In 1576, Lars was nobled by John on the condition that he took care of his issue with Karin. The same year, her daughter Sofia became a lady-in-waiting of Princess Elizabeth of Sweden, and in 1577, her children was ennobled. The same year, she became the neighbour of the deposed queen Karin Månsdotter, who was given the estate next to her. From 1580, Karin seems to have spent the majority of her time in Åbo. 
Karin died in 1596 during the great Finnish peasant rebellion and did not have to witness the plundering of her estate; the rebellion reached her estate soon after her death.
Children and family.
"Karin and John had four children:"
"Karin and her first husband Klas had one child:"
"Karin and her second husband Lars had one child:"

</doc>
<doc id="2887814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887814" title="Sound Team">
Sound Team

Sound Team was an American band based in Austin, Texas that formed in 2000 around principal songwriters Bill Baird and Matt Oliver. For most of their recording career, Sound Team consisted of Bill Baird (bass, guitar, vocals), Matt Oliver (guitar, piano, vocals), Jordan Johns (drums, percussion), Sam Sanford (guitar), Michael Baird (synthesizer, tapes) and Gabe Pearlman (organ). Sanford and Michael Baird left the group in 2006. The band continued to record and tour briefly with a new lineup, but finally disbanded in late 2007.
Formation and early shows.
Bill Baird and Matt Oliver met in Austin in 2000 and began recording crazy songs on cheap gear that drew inspiration out of everything from traditional American folk and pop song forms to German synthesizer music. They released two CD-R albums, "Sound Team" and "Into the Lens".
Line-up solidified, early releases and tours.
In 2002 Baird's younger brother Michael, Michael’s friend Jordan Johns (both of whom were still in high school at the time), and old friend Sam Sanford all enlisted, and after they had played a handful of shows in various performance spaces and punk dives, Gabe Pearlman joined in early 2003.
The group released two cassettes, "Every Day Is a New Year" and the ""Yes" Special Cassette", and their audience continued to grow. After touring throughout 2003 and 2004, the group continued to work dead-end jobs, pooled their cash, and converted an abandoned record-pressing plant into a makeshift analog recording studio. The result was the "Marathon" LP, which appeared on the St. Ives label, a vinyl-only imprint of Indiana's Secretly Canadian. In the fall of 2005, several songs from previous cassette and vinyl releases appeared on the "WORK EP".
Contract with EMI and break-up.
In 2005, the band was signed to a contract with the Capitol Records label. Support slots on several tours culminated with an appearance in Central Park opening for Arcade Fire. In June 2006, Capitol released their debut album, ""Movie Monster"". Although the album was met with generally positive reviews, commercial sales were poor. Another factor negatively affecting sales of the album was that, unbeknownst to the band, Capitol set the album price at an astronomical $18.98. After extensive touring in support of the album, both Sam Sanford and the younger Baird left the band for other pursuits (oil painting and a college degree, respectively). Will Patterson was enlisted as a replacement. In 2007, after a massive shake-up at Capitol in which the band's A&R rep and the president of the company (who'd signed the band) was fired, Sound Team was dropped from the EMI label. Sound Team released a vinyl EP, "Empty Rooms/Bedroom Walls/Up from Ashes", and shot a Take-Away Show acoustic video for La Blogotheque that year, but internal friction in the group led to their decision to break up, and on September 15, 2007, Sound Team played their last show at the 2007 Austin City Limits Music Festival. Subsequently, the band released their entire recorded catalog as high-quality MP3 downloads, completely free of charge, on their website (now inactive).
Post break-up.
Bill Baird began performing under the moniker Sunset as early as 2006, and performances frequently include former Sound Team members Sam Sanford and Will Patterson (Sleep Good). Sunset lasted until 2010, after which Baird began releasing solo albums. Meanwhile, Matt Oliver and Jordan Johns continued to operate the analog recording studio at Big Orange Recording, and began performing as TV Torso in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2887817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887817" title="SwanCon">
SwanCon

SwanCon is a science fiction convention held in Perth, Western Australia. It is Australia's longest-running science fiction convention, and probably the longest-running in the southern hemisphere. It was founded in 1975 by Grant Stone, with the first convention held in 1976, and has been run annually since. It is generally run by different committees of volunteers each year, and committees bid for the right to run the convention two years in advance. In recent years it has been run as a project of the Western Australian Science Fiction Foundation (WASFF), with that year's committee reporting to the WASFF board. The convention is frequently run at Easter, but has been run at other times, though typically in the first half of the year, and is generally held in a hotel. It generally attracts 250–300 attendees. It will normally have guests attending including at least one international author, and international guests have included Robert Silverberg, Bob Shaw, Anne McAffrey, Terry Pratchett, Neil Gaiman, Brandon Sanderson, Charles Stross, and David Zindell. Australian guests have included John Birmingham, Marianne de Pierres, Kim Wilkins and Kate Forsyth
SwanCon first hosted the Australian National Science Fiction Convention in 1980, and has done so relatively regularly since. In 2011, SwanCon hosted the 50th Australian National Science Fiction Convention, including guests Ellen Datlow, Justina Robson and Sean Williams.
Tin Duck Awards.
The Tin Duck Awards are the Western Australian science fiction achievement awards. They are given out annually at Swancon and voted on by members of the convention.
They were first presented in 1980 at Swancon 5. Swancon is the major annual mainstream SF convention for Western Australia, run under the auspices of the West Australian Science Fiction Foundation (WASFF). The Tin Duck Award design was originated by Rob McGough.

</doc>
<doc id="2887826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887826" title="Pharyngeal pouch">
Pharyngeal pouch

Pharyngeal pouch can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887831" title="The Day of the Roses">
The Day of the Roses

The Day of the Roses is a two-part Australian television mini-series, a docu-drama directed by Peter Fisk, based on the events of the 1977 Granville railway disaster. The film was made in 1998 and runs over 3.5 hours.
Plot.
The film starts at an anniversary commemoration of the crash, where roses are dropped on the track to the aftermath of the wreck where first responders are arriving at the scene. Five months later the coroner, Tom Weir, brings in Boris Osman, an engineer to help him investigate the crash and immediately runs into stonewalling by the state-owned rail company, who don’t want him to examine the train. Osman thinks it’s because the investigation will have to disclose why the tracks that caused the wreck were in such bad shape. Osman thinks it was caused by the politicians in office allowing the rail system to deteriorate. The coroner learns the bridge was hit twice before. Pressure begins to be brought on the coroner from above to stop asking to look at the train. Osman learns this is the third time this locomotive went off the rails. The coroner uses the threat of contempt of court to force the rail company to let Osman examine the locomotive. The inquest begins, with Orman recounting how the tragedy happened on 18 January 1977, alternating with the stories of some passengers who traveled on the ill-fated train, leading up to the depiction of the accident. Due to worn out track and worn out wheels on the locomotive, it jumps the rails and hits a bridge support, causing it to collapse on the train. The community springs into action to aid the survivors and recover the 83 dead. Several of the rescuers testify at the inquest and recount their actions on the day of the accident. Many rescuers risk their own lives to save the injured. Even when ordered to leave due to the danger of further collapse, many refuse to abandon injured survivors. Many of the rescuers are traumatized by what they saw. Ormond comes under attack for saying that it was the condition of the locomotive’s wheels that contributed to the accident, since while money has been allocated to repair the tracks, there is no money to also repair the locomotives. The families of the dead try to cope, while Gerry Buchtman, who went to Granville while on sick leave from his emergency responder job has to fight to keep his job, since the powers that be want to fire him for doing just that. In spite of pressure, the coroner finds that the locomotive’s condition contributed to the accident. Osman later learns that even though the rail company knew this type of locomotive was dangerous due to a derailment 11 months before Granville, they took no steps to lower the speed on this line because it came from an electoral district that often decided national elections and the government did not want to anger the voters by making their train late. We return to the memorial service, while on screen captions tell us what happened to some of the people involved in the crash and the investigation.
Home Media.
"The Day of the Roses" was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2887834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887834" title="USS PC-1217">
USS PC-1217

USS "PC-1217" was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. "PC-1217" had been decommissioned by 1948, and although sold for scrapping at that time, she remains at the former Donjon Marine Yard in Rossville, Staten Island.
Career.
"PC-1217" was laid down on 26 May 1943 by the Luders Marine Construction Co. of Stamford, Connecticut. She was launched on 26 September 1943, and commissioned on 27 April 1944 with Lieutenant Burt D. Reedy commanding and Lt(jg) Robert Bowles Exec. Lt(jg) Louis B. Pieper #3, Ensigns: William C. Graham and Robert K. McConnell. 
"PC-1217"s shakedown cruise was out of Stamford, and then the U.S. Naval Frontier Base, Tompkinsville, Staten Island along the Atlantic coast. The ship's crew attended SCTC in Miami, Florida from 1 February 1944 through 20 April 1944. The crew traveled north by rail to Stamford, and moved aboard the ship on 22 April 1944. During the late spring and summer of 1944, the "1217" (call sign NQXG) was assigned to convoy escort, anti-buzz-bomb and anti-submarine patrol duty with the Eastern Sea Frontier (the east coast from Canada down to Cuba). The "1217" made numerous voyages escorting convoys from New York City to Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, Cuba and from Argentia, Newfoundland to New York City. 
"PC-1217" was on convoy duty escorting convoy NG 458 to Guantanamo Bay when it encountered the Great Atlantic Hurricane of 1944 on 12–14 September. This was one of the largest Atlantic hurricanes ever recorded (Category 4) with estimated 140 mph (220 km/h) winds and a barometric low pressure of 27.75” (705 mmHg). The storm had a devastating effect on ships in its path; five U.S. Navy ships were sunk and 344 sailors were killed in the storm. "PC-1217" was severely damaged and put into Jacksonville, Florida for emergency repairs.
Successfully repaired, "PC-1217" remained in service through World War II. She was sold to the Maritime Commission in early 1948.
The remains of "PC-1217" are at a marine scrapyard at Rossville, Staten Island in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2887842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887842" title="Constructive theology">
Constructive theology

Constructive theology is the re-definition of what has historically been known as systematic theology. The reason for this reevaluation stems from the idea that, in systematic theology, the theologian attempts to develop a coherent theory running through the various doctrines within the tradition (Christology, eschatology, pneumatology, etc.). A potential problem underlying such study is that in constructing a system of theology, certain elements may be left out, or "forced" in order to maintain the coherence of the overall system. 
In response to this realization, some theologians (Sallie McFague, Catherine Keller, and Sharon V. Betcher) feel that the term "systematic" is no longer accurate in reference to theology, and prefer the language of constructive theology. While not a proponent of the language of 'constructive theology,' Karl Barth frequently criticized the practice of systematizing theology or structuring a coherent system upon a philosophical foundation external to theology's own internal commitments.
"Constructive Theology" is also the title of a journal on the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="2887843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887843" title="Maadi Cup">
Maadi Cup

The Maadi Cup is the prize for the New Zealand Secondary Schools Boys' Under 18 Rowing Eights. More colloquially, it is the name given to the New Zealand Secondary Schools Rowing Regatta, at which the Maadi Cup is raced. The regatta is the largest school sports event in the Southern Hemisphere, with over 2100 rowers from 125 secondary schools participating in 2014. The regatta is held annually in late March, alternating between the country's two main rowing venues: Lake Karapiro near Cambridge (odd years), and Lake Ruataniwha near Twizel (even years).
The top prizes at the regatta are the Maadi Cup, Springbok Shield, Levin Jubilee Cup, Dawn Cup and Star Trophy.
History.
During World War II, members of the 2nd NZEF based at Maadi Camp in Egypt competed in regattas on the Nile against local Egyptian rowing clubs. At a regatta held on 20 November 1943 the Maadi Camp Rowing Club "Kiwi" oarsmen beat the Cairo River Club by 11 points to six to win the Freyberg Cup, which they then gifted to the competitors. In return, as a token of friendship, Youssef Baghat presented the Kiwis with a cup. Youssef Baghat's cup was offered to the NZARA (now NZRA) as a trophy for an annual boys' eight-oared race between secondary schools and was brought to New Zealand at the end of the war.
Renamed the Maadi Cup it was first raced for in 1947 at Wanganui where it was won by Mt Albert Grammar School, who beat Sacred Heart College by a half-length. The Maadi Cup gained its native timber pyramid shaped base from Mt Albert Grammar's woodwork master and first rowing coach, Jack Jenkin, in 1951.
Only 14 schools have ever won the cup, with Wanganui Collegiate School the most successful, having won it 17 times.
Members for the 2nd NZEF competed in rowing regattas and won races run by the Cairo River Club until they were shipped back to New Zealand at the end of the War.
Schools that have won the Maadi Cup:
The Springbok Shield is the prize for the boys' under 18 coxed four. It was instigated in 1964 by Mr Cecil Purvis who was visiting South Africa at the time and met with members of the Johannesburg youth rowing community. After much discussion the Springbok Shield eventuated. The Shield is made from segments of all the woods from South Africa and was first rowed for in 1965 when it was won by Hamilton Boys' High School.
The Levin Cup is awarded to the winner of the girls' under 18 eight. In 1981 the Maadi Regatta was held on Lake Horowhenua. That year the Levin Borough Council was holding its 75th Jubilee. The mayor, Jack Bolderson, decided that a fitting memorial would be for a cup for the girls senior eight. The inaugural winner was Wanganui Girls College.
The Dawn Cup is awarded to the winner of the girls' under 18 coxed four.
The Star Trophy is the prize awarded to the top overall school at the Regatta, and therefore come to denote the top rowing school in New Zealand. The award is determined on a points basis: schools winning events get 5 points, runners up get 3 points, and third place-getters get one point 
The Executive Trophy is the prize awarded to the top overall school in sweep-oar events (i.e. pairs, fours and eights) at the Regatta.
The Presidents Scull is the prize awarded to the top overall school in sculling events (i.e. singles, doubles and quads) at the Regatta.
Eligibility.
Rowers and coxswains in the Maadi Cup must be full-time students (at least 0.8 FTE) at a registered New Zealand school, and must be studying at secondary level (Year 9 or above). They must also have a satisfactory school attendance record, in the opinion of the school's principal, in order to participate.
The regatta is split into four age classification: under 15, under 16, under 17, and under 18. Only students who are under the specified age at 1 January preceding the regatta may compete in that class. For example, a student who is aged 15 on 1 January may compete in the under 16, under 17 and under 18 classifications, but not the under 15 classification.
Females may cox male boats, and vice versa. The minimum weight for coxswains is 55 kg for under 18 open-weight events, and 50 kg for all other events. For lightweight events, the international weight standard is used: males must be under 72.5 kg, and females must be under 59 kg.
In mid-2007, the New Zealand Secondary Schools Sports Council introduced a quota system restricting the number of new-to-school and international students a school can field at national championships, including the Maadi Cup, in an aim to reduce top sporting schools "poaching" athletes from other schools. A new-to-school student is a student who has enrolled at the school in the 24 months prior to the event, excluding students who enrolled at the school in Year 9 or below. An international student is a student who is not a New Zealand or Australian citizen, or the holder of a New Zealand resident visa or domestic-endorsed student visa. For eights, no more than three crew members that are classified as a new-to-school or international students are permitted per boat, with no more than two crew members being international students. For all other events, no more than one crew member that is classified as a new-to-school or international student is permitted per boat.
Events.
As of 2013

</doc>
<doc id="2887851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887851" title="Fludarabine">
Fludarabine

Fludarabine or fludarabine phosphate (Fludara) is a chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of hematological malignancies (cancers of blood cells such as leukemias and lymphomas). It is a purine analog, which interferes with DNA synthesis.
Indications.
Fludarabine is highly effective in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, producing higher response rates than alkylating agents such as chlorambucil alone.
Fludarabine is used in various combinations with cyclophosphamide, mitoxantrone, dexamethasone and rituximab in the treatment of indolent non-Hodgkins lymphomas. As part of the "FLAG" regimen, fludarabine is used together with cytarabine and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of acute myeloid leukaemia. Because of its immunosuppressive effects, fludarabine is also used in some conditioning regimens prior to allogeneic stem cell transplant.
Pharmacology.
Fludarabine is a purine analog, and can be given both orally and intravenously. Fludarabine inhibits DNA synthesis by interfering with ribonucleotide reductase and DNA polymerase. It is active against both dividing and resting cells. Being phosphorylated, fludarabine is ionized at physiologic pH and is effectually trapped in blood. This provides some level of specificity for blood cells, both cancerous and healthy.
Side effects.
Fludarabine is associated with profound lymphopenia, and as a consequence, increases the risk of opportunistic infections significantly. Patients who have been treated with fludarabine will usually be asked to take co-trimoxazole or to use monthly nebulised pentamidine to prevent "Pneumocystis jiroveci" pneumonia. The profound lymphopenia caused by fludarabine renders patients susceptible to transfusion-associated graft versus host disease, a fatal complication of blood transfusion. For this reason, all patients who have ever received fludarabine should only be given irradiated blood components.
Fludarabine causes anemia, thrombocytopenia and neutropenia, requiring regular blood count monitoring. Some patients require blood and platelet transfusion, or G-CSF injections to boost neutrophil counts.
Fludarabine is associated with the development of severe autoimmune hemolytic anemia in a proportion of patients.
Difficulties are often encountered when harvesting peripheral blood stem cells from patients previously treated with fludarabine.
History.
Fludarabine was produced by John Montgomery and Kathleen Hewson of the Southern Research Institute in 1968. Their previous work involved 2-fluoroadenosine, which was unsafe for use in humans; the change to this arabinose analogue was inspired by the success of vidarabine.

</doc>
<doc id="2887852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887852" title="Eugene Habecker">
Eugene Habecker

Dr. Eugene B. Habecker is the 30th president of Taylor University. Previously, Habecker was president of the American Bible Society. He is also the author of several books, two coauthored with his wife, Marylou Habecker. He was inaugurated in a ceremony on Friday, April 28, 2006, in Odle Arena on the Upland campus, only two days after a tragic fatal car accident involving several students and employees.
Habecker was born on June 17, 1946 near Hershey, Pennsylvania. He earned a B.A. from Taylor University in 1968, a M.A. from Ball State University in 1969, a law degree from Temple University in 1973, and a Ph. D. from the University of Michigan in 1981. He has served in administrative positions at Huntington, George Fox University (Newberg, Ore.) and Eastern University (St. Davids, Pa.). From 1981 through 1991 Habecker served as the President of Huntington College in Huntington, Indiana. From 1991 through 2005 he served as the President and CEO of the American Bible Society in New York City. Habecker has been President of Taylor University since August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2887854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887854" title="Julian Ashton">
Julian Ashton

Julian Rossi Ashton CBE (27 January 185127 April 1942) was an Australian artist and teacher, known for his support of the Heidelberg School and for his influential art school in Sydney. He died at the age of 91.
According to James Gleeson, Ashton's oil paintings... (were) very much-admired in his own lifetime (and continue to be so admired today).
Biography.
Ashton was born in Addlestone, Surrey the son of American amateur painter Thomas Briggs Ashton, and his wife Henrietta, a daughter of Count Carlo Rossi, a Sardinian diplomat who married the soprano Henriette Sontag. The family moved to Penzance, Cornwall shortly after, and lived at Burley Grove, Gulval. His father died in 1864, and around age 15 he began working in the engineers' office of either the Great Western Railway or Great Eastern Railway. There he remained for 6 years using his entire leisure time painting at South Kensington. He then went to Paris to study and began illustrating books. He also had considerable success as a painter, exhibiting at the Royal Academy of Arts and elsewhere.
Ashton emigrated to Melbourne in 1878 under contract to David Syme's "Illustrated Australian News" and lived there for 5 years before moving to Sydney. He had a background in the contemporary French realism of the Barbizon School, which emphasised painting "en plein air" (i.e. direct from nature, as opposed to studio-based painting), and which laid the basis for the Impressionist movement. As a trustee of the Art Gallery of New South Wales he championed emerging Australian artists of the Australian Impressionist or Heidelberg School, and the Gallery's decision to collect these works owes much to his influence. Ashton is known for his paintings "Evening, Merri Creek (1882)," "A Solitary Ramble (1888)" and others.
George Lambert painted a portrait of Ashton which is in the Art Gallery of New South Wales. Lambert showed Ashton, then 77, with white hair and a military-type moustache, dressed in a grey suit and a dapper bow-tie, cigar in hand, sitting beside a table with a mass of objects. The cigar and wine suggest 'good living' and the flowers and fruit may have referred to Ashton's role as a gardener. Behind him there is a deep red curtain draped over a gold picture frame, behind which there is a curtain, creating an abstract arrangement of bold colours, with the frame suggesting Ashton's role as an artist, teacher and patron.
Julian Ashton Art School.
The Sydney Art School (also known as the Julian Ashton Art School), which Ashton established in 1890 as the "Academy Julien", (perhaps a reference to the Académie Julian in Paris) has been an influential art school in Australia. 
Julian Ashton students have included Elioth Gruner, George Lambert, B E Minns, Thea Proctor, Adrian Feint, Sydney Long, Howard Ashton (Julian's son), Dorrit Black, J J Hilder, William Dobell, Edmund Arthur Harvey, Eric Wilson, Jean Bellette, Douglas Dundas, Arthur Freeman, William Dadswell, John Passmore, Yvonne Audette, Joshua Smith, Max Dupain, John Olsen, Michael Johnston, Jim Russell, Sydney Ure Smith, Alexander McKenzie, Brett Whiteley, Susan Dorothea White, Nigel Thomson and Salvatore Zofrea. 
After Julian Ashton died in 1942, the school was run by Henry Gibbons (1884–1972). Henry Gibbons had started at the school as a student in April 1919 and soon became the teacher of the night drawing classes. In 1924 Gibbons proposed starting a Saturday afternoon class so that he could teach some of the night drawing students to paint. The Saturday class started in February 1924 and the first nine students were Dobell, Dundas, Passmore, Badham, Lawrence, Brackenreg, Byrne, Hubble and Cox. Gibbons taught many winners of the NSW Traveling Arts Scholarship. Henry Gibbons retired in 1960.
Howard Ashton's son, J. Richard Ashton, and his wife Wenda ran the School from 1960, when, among many gifted artists, Ian Chapman and Archibald Prize winner Francis Giacco attended, until 1977 when Phillip Ashton (Richard's son) became Principal, this being the time of Haydn Wilson, political cartoonist Bill Leak and artist Paul Newton.
In 1988 the school was incorporated and Paul Delprat, Julian Ashton's great-grandson, himself an ex-student took over the running of the school, becoming the current Principal. In 1989 the school's antique casts and easels, which date back to 1890, were classified by the National Trust. The school's main campus is in The Rocks, Sydney, located opposite the Museum of Contemporary Art. Since 2004 the school has also conducted classes at Headland Park, Georges Heights, Mosman. 
The School currently offers: The Sir William Dobell, Brett Whiteley, John Olsen, Thea Proctor, Portrait Artists Australia, Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts and The Art Express scholarships to encourage fine drawing and painting. Samuel Wade, a Brett Whiteley Scholarship winner at the school, went on to win the Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship at the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Recognition.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="2887859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887859" title="North Nazimabad">
North Nazimabad

North Nazimabad () is a suburb of North Nazimabad Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. North Nazimabad was developed in early 1950s to settle Muslim refugees in Pakistan.
History.
This suburb developed as KDA Scheme no 2 was named after Khawaja Nazimuddin who was the second Governor-General of Pakistan and later the second Prime Minister of Pakistan as well. In late 1958, the northern area of Nazimabad, was to be developed as "KDA Scheme 2"' aka Timuria by Karachi Improvement Trust (KIT). North Nazimabad was originally established in 1958, with Karachi Improvement Trust (KIT) starting that housing scheme. The land was purchased by Pakistan Public Works Department from Sardar Masti Brohi Khan. The name North Nazimabad became popular and was later adopted instead of Timuria. "Taimooria" or "Timuria" was named after Amir Timur the progenitor of Mughal Empire of South Asia. North Nazimabad was developed as a residential area for federal government employees. But in the early 1960s the capital of Pakistan was transferred from Karachi to newly developed capital Islamabad. On account of these two factors it is ranked as the most modern-planned town of Karachi, with blocks located alphabetically. It was planned and designed in late 50s by Carlo Scarpa & Aldo Rossi, the Italian planners and architects. North Nazimabad Town has a comparatively high literacy rate amongst other towns in whole Karachi and a relatively low crime rate. It is considered an upper middle class town of the city.
Demography.
There are several ethnic groups in North Nazimabad including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras, Ismailis, etc. Over 99% of the population is Muslim. The population of North Nazimabad is estimated to be nearly one million.
Town structure.
The Karachi municipality was divided was into 18 zones or towns in 2000. North Nazimabad is one of the towns. The population of North Nazimabad town is nearly one million. The neighborhoods or localities of the North Nazimabad town are: Paposh Nagar, North Nazimabad, Pahar Ganj, Khandu Goth, Hyderi, Sakhi Hassan, Farooq-e-Azam, Shadman Town, Buffer Zone and Buffer Zone-I.
Schools.
The following schools are in North Nazimabad among many others:
External links.
Baldia Town Compus

</doc>
<doc id="2887875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887875" title="George Samis">
George Samis

George Roy Samis (born March 24, 1943) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1974 to 1985 as a member of the New Democratic Party (NDP).
Background.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec, and was educated at the Université de Montréal and the University of Waterloo. A high school teacher
Politics.
He ran for the Ontario legislature in the 1971 provincial election, and lost to Progressive Conservative Fernand Guindon in Stormont.
Guindon resigned from the legislature in 1974, and Samis contested a by-election to succeed him. He was successful, defeating Progressive Conservative candidate Guy Leger. Samis was re-elected for the redistributed constituency of Cornwall in 1975, 1977 and 1981. He supported Bob Rae for the party leadership in 1982.
Samis announced his retirement from the legislature in early 1985. He remains the only New Democrat to have represented the city of Cornwall at either the provincial or federal level.
At the time of Samis's retirement, the Progressive Conservative party had governed Ontario without interruption for forty-two years. Samis argued in March 1985 that the NDP would be unable to remove to the Progressive Conservatives from office unless it formed an alliance with the Ontario Liberal Party. After the 1985 election, an historic two-year pact between the Liberals and NDP allowed Liberal leader David Peterson to form government as premier. The Peterson government appointed Samis to the Ontario Highway Transport Board in 1986.
Samis later moved to the Kingston area. In the 1999 provincial election, he endorsed Liberal candidate John Cleary in Stormont—Dundas—Charlottenburgh, a successor constituency to Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="2887892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887892" title="MCTV">
MCTV

MCTV is an acronym used to represent these unrelated television stations:
MCTV may also refer to a number of cable Public-access television cable TV channels in these communities:

</doc>
<doc id="2887901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887901" title="Ray Stevenson (actor)">
Ray Stevenson (actor)

George Raymond "Ray" Stevenson (born 25 May 1964) is a British film and television actor. He is known for playing Titus Pullo in the BBC/HBO television series "Rome" (2005–2007), and in film as Dagonet in "King Arthur" (2004) and as Frank Castle/The Punisher in ' (2008) and "The Super Hero Squad Show". Stevenson appeared as Volstagg in "Thor" and ', based on the Marvel Comics character and as real life Cleveland mobster Danny Greene in "Kill the Irishman". In 2012 he appeared in the seventh season of "Dexter" as Isaak Sirko.
Early life.
Stevenson was born in Lisburn, in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, the second of three sons of a Royal Air Force pilot father and an Irish mother. He moved with his family to Lemington, Newcastle upon Tyne, England, in 1972, at the age of eight, and later to Cramlington, Northumberland, where he was brought up. Stevenson attended Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, graduating at the age of 29.
Career.
Film.
Stevenson has starred in several feature films, primarily in supporting roles. He made his debut in "The Theory of Flight" (1998) with Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter, where he played the part of a gigolo hired to help Bonham Carter's character to lose her virginity. In 2002, Stevenson starred in a short film "No Man's Land," which was the antipodal picture from actor/director Edward Hicks prior to his graduation from the London Film School. In the 12½ minute film, set during World War I, Stevenson portrayed an experienced Private who is forced to help a novice Officer (David Birkin), back to safety after they both find themselves trapped and isolated in "No Man's Land" during the Battle of Ypres. In 2004, Stevenson starred alongside Clive Owen and Keira Knightley in "King Arthur". He portrayed Dagonet, a knight of the round table who sacrifices his life for his comrades.
Stevenson's first leading role in a film was in the Scottish horror picture "Outpost" (2008), portraying a mercenary pitted against Nazi zombies in a bunker somewhere in Eastern Europe. That same year, he also starred in "", as Frank Castle, "The Punisher," a former Marine turned vigilante after the murder of his family. In 2010, Stevenson played the primary antagonist in the comedy "The Other Guys", alongside Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell.
In 2011, Stevenson appeared in the film "Kill the Irishman", based on the book "To Kill the Irishman", as Danny Greene, an Irish American mobster who took on the Italian mob in Cleveland, Ohio in the 1970s. He worked with Kenneth Branagh again, this time as a director, in the adaptation of Marvel Comics' "Thor", starring in the role of Volstagg, one of Thor's trusted comrades. Also that year, he played Porthos in Paul W.S. Anderson's adaptation of "The Three Musketeers". On 8 July 2011, Stevenson was cast as Firefly in "" (which was released in 2013).
Television.
He is perhaps best known for playing the character of legionary Titus Pullo in the BBC/HBO television series "Rome". He shares the lead starring role in the series with Kevin McKidd.
His other TV-work includes guest appearances in popular TV series including "Waking the Dead" and "Murphy's Law" as well as lead roles in "City Central" and "At Home with the Braithwaites". He has also appeared in several TV films such as "Some Kind of Life" in 1995, in which he co-starred with Jane Horrocks, and "The Return of the Native", which also featured Catherine Zeta Jones. Some of his earliest parts were in two Catherine Cookson films: "The Dwelling Place" (1994) and "The Tide of Life" (1996). Ray reprises his role this time as the voice of the Punisher in "The Super Hero Squad Show". Stevenson plays as Isaak Sirko in the 7th season of "Dexter" in 2012.
Stage.
His stage work includes playing the part of Jesus Christ in the York Mystery Plays in 2000 at York Minster. In 2001 he took the part of Roger in the play "Mouth to Mouth" by Kevin Elyot, at the Albery Theatre in London with Lindsay Duncan and Michael Maloney. His most well-known part is perhaps that of the Cardinal in "The Duchess of Malfi" by John Webster with Janet McTeer at the Royal National Theatre in 2003.
Personal life.
Stevenson was married in Westminster, London, in 1997, to actress Ruth Gemmell, whom he met when they worked together on the TV drama "Band of Gold" (1995). They later played a husband and wife on screen in "Peak Practice" (1997). The couple divorced after eight years of marriage. His current girlfriend is Italian anthropologist Elisabetta Caraccia, whom he met while filming "Rome". The couple have two sons: Sebastiano Derek Stevenson, born on 24 December 2007, and Leonardo George Stevenson, born on 11 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2887903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887903" title="Protest the Hero">
Protest the Hero

Protest the Hero is a Canadian progressive metal band from Whitby, Ontario. Originally named Happy Go Lucky, the band changed their name to Protest the Hero shortly before releasing their debut EP, "Search for the Truth", in 2002. In 2005, the band released their first full-length album "Kezia" on the indie label Underground Operations.
On January 23, 2006, the band signed with Vagrant Records for "Kezia"'s American release on April 4, 2006. Their second full-length album, "Fortress" was released by Underground Operations in Canada and by Vagrant Records worldwide on January 29, 2008. The band released their third studio album, "Scurrilous", on March 22, 2011. The band released their independent and latest album, "Volition" on October 29, 2013.
History.
Early years (2001–2003).
The band started as Happy Go Lucky in 2001 and, shortly after, they recorded a 3-track demo (containing the songs "I Detest", "The 5th Commandment" and "Just Defy"). In 2002 they changed their name to Protest the Hero and released their first EP, "Search for the Truth" 7" vinyl, which included only two songs. They were included in the compilation "(Coles) Notes from the Underground" that same year. Luke Hoskin stated on his Formspring page that "Search for the Truth" was recorded when they were 13 years old. The day that the band members finished their senior finals, they went on a three-week "Rock the Vote" tour from Toronto to Halifax to garner recognition and raise awareness for the upcoming Canadian election.
A music video for their song "These Colours Don't Run", from the EP "A Calculated Use of Sound", was released in 2003. The video begins with the band discussing the meaning of the song and features the band playing the song live at numerous locations in Toronto, with the album music dubbed over the actual live recording. At each location, the band would hand out lyrics to passers-by and encourage them to listen or sing along.
"Kezia" (2004–2006).
In 2004 the band recorded their debut album for release the following year. "Kezia" is a concept album, described by the band members as a "situationist requiem". The album achieved universal acclaim with many reviewers praising the album for its technicality and Walker's vocal range.
"Fortress" (2007–2009).
After extensive touring the band returned to the studio in 2007 to record their sophomore effort. The resulting album featured 10 tracks that showcased the band heading in a more technical metal style than "Kezia". During the "Fortress" tour the band released a live album ("Gallop Meets the Earth") featuring tracks from their first 2 albums. Protest the Hero played "Fortress" from start to finish at their shows from November 20 to December 23, 2009. This stretch marked the last of the band's shows for a while as they took the first part of 2010 to work on a new album, which was to feature a more progressive sound.
"Scurrilous" (2010–2012).
The band officially began recording of their third album on August 30, 2010. On December 15, 2010, Walker posted a video indicating the completion of work on the third album. "Scurrilous" was released March 22, 2011.
"Volition" (2013–present).
On January 8, 2013, Protest the Hero released the following statement on their Facebook page in regards to their upcoming album in the summer of 2013: "We have some big announcements coming next week concerning our new album - which is a few songs away from being written. We plan on recording in March or April and have a new album out in the summer. We have been recording pre-production with our old friends Cam and Anthony. The material is more challenging than ever before and we know we'll have to work hard to bring it to life. Looking very forward to a bold 2013!"
On January 15, 2013, Protest the Hero announced that their fourth studio album would be crowdfunded through Indiegogo. The band claimed that they want to forgo record companies and that they have "finally decided to take matters into own hands." The album had a fundraising goal of $125,000, a goal that was reached within 30 hours. By the end of their campaign, the band reached $341,146 in fundraising, nearly tripling their original goal.
On June 6, 2013, the band announced in an interview that original drummer and founding member Moe Carlson would part ways with Protest the Hero in order to pursue an education and career in tool and die manufacturing. Chris Adler of Lamb of God would be stepping in as his replacement for the recording sessions of the band's new album. On August 15, the official title and release date of the album were announced: "Volition" to be released on October 29, 2013.
On September 5, 2013, the band released a single titled "Clarity". This marked the beginning of pre-orders for the full album.
On October 2, 2013, the band released another track from Volition, titled "Drumhead Trial".
On October 10, 2013, Protest the Hero announced that Mike Ieradi will be their new drummer.
On the morning of October 16, 2013, the album leaked. Later that day, because of the leak, Protest the Hero gave the IndieGoGo contributors their digital copies of the album.
On the evening of March 30, 2014, during a show in Raleigh, North Carolina, Rody Walker confirmed that bassist Arif Mirabdolbaghi had left the band. On April 2, 2014, the band announced that Mirabdolbaghi had left the band to focus on other projects. Cam McLellan was announced as the touring bassist for the remainder of the cycle. 
Live.
Protest the Hero has performed and toured with many well-known acts, including Killswitch Engage, In Flames, Alexisonfire, Bullet for My Valentine, Against Me!, Between the Buried and Me and many others. From September 2005 until the beginning of June, 2006, the band toured across Canada, the United States, and Great Britain in support of "Kezia" with bands such as Death by Stereo, Bad Religion, Anti-Flag, The Fall of Troy, The Bled, and DragonForce. They then took part in the Vans Warped Tour during the Summer of 2006. Following this, they toured with Avenged Sevenfold and 3 Inches of Blood until October 2006 when they began "The " tour with Trivium, The Sword, and Cellador, taking them across Canada and the United States.
In November 2006, Protest the Hero toured with bands Bullet for My Valentine and As I Lay Dying. Beginning in the middle of December 2006, they embarked on a cross-Canada tour, named "Bring Out Your Shred", with I Hate Sally and The Human Abstract. This tour was the first in which Kezia was played in its entirety. In late May-early June they co-headlined the Tour and Loathing 2007 Tour with co-headliners All That Remains, Blessthefall, Threat Signal and The Holly Springs Disaster.
On January 28, 2008, the band began a tour through Canada with A Day to Remember, Silverstein, The Devil Wears Prada, and illScarlett. In April they toured with Chiodos before joining Warped Tour 2008. They were on tour with The Acacia Strain, Whitechapel, and Gwen Stacy after Warped Tour in the United States; and then will be on a European tour with, Parkway Drive, Despised Icon, Architects, Whitechapel, and Carnifex.
In January 2009 Protest the Hero toured with As I Lay Dying, (band), The Human Abstract, and Mychildren Mybride. Then they started a European Tour with The Human Abstract and The Chariot. In April 2009, they headlined the Heads Will Roll tour in the US with Misery Signals, The Number Twelve Looks Like You, Fall From Grace, and Scale the Summit. From September 8–17, 2009, they supported In Flames and Killswitch Engage with Between the Buried and Me.
Before the release of Scurrilous, Protest the Hero toured Europe in February as direct support for . Born of Osiris and Purified in Blood were the other opening acts on the tour.
Protest the Hero was the third band announced to be playing at Australia's Soundwave in February/March 2011, and in March and April of that year the band supported the "Scurrilous" album, headlining a tour across Canada and the United States with Maylene & The Sons Of Disaster and TesseracT.
Following the summer of 2011, where Protest the Hero played festivals across Europe, they embarked on a small Ontario tour in September with support from The Kindred (formerly know as Today I Caught the Plague). Protest the Hero then ended 2011 and kicked off 2012 with a tour across America with Scale the Summit and to Reason.
Protest the Hero continued their efforts to promote "Scurrilous" and have commenced a 2012 UK Tour that features support from German post-metal band, Long Distance Calling, Norwegian punk band Blood Command and Uneven Structure. They announced tours with Periphery, Today I Caught the Plague, Jeff Loomis (formerly of Nevermore) and The Safety Fire for the US. Another tour is scheduled with post-hardcore band Underoath, We Came as Romans and Close Your Eyes commencing in May in South America.
On August 27, 2013, Protest the Hero announced a fall North American tour promoting their album "Volition" commencing in Ottawa on November 7. They will be touring with Architects, The Kindred and Affiance.
Awards.
In 2004 the band won the Canadian Independent Music Award for Favourite Metal Artist/Group, beating out the better-known Alexisonfire. They were nominated for the 2006 Canadian Music Week Indie Awards' Favourite Metal Artist/Group, which Kataklysm won in March of that year. Also in 2006, the band was nominated for the CASBY Award. In addition, members of the band appeared in a televised commercial for the musical instrument store, Long & Mcquade. Bassist Arif was also featured in the Closet Monster music video "Mamma Anti-Facisto (Never Surrender)"; he can be seen to the left of London Spicoluk during the main group scenes.
The band has also released videos for the songs "The Divine Suicide of K.", "Blindfolds Aside", and "Heretics and Killers" from "Kezia", and for "Bloodmeat", "Palms Read", "Spoils", "Sequoia Throne" and "Limb from Limb" from "Fortress". The video for "Heretics and Killers" received airplay on MTV2 and FUSE, partially because of the interesting premise of the video: the band play the flying monkeys from "The Wizard of Oz" who work odd jobs after The Wicked Witch is killed. At the 2009 Golden God Awards, Protest the Hero won best Viral Video. The video features Rody, Luke, and Tim doing a dance on the side of a road when their van broke down.
In 2014 the band won the Juno Award for best Metal/Hard Music Album of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2887909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887909" title="Fred Cherry">
Fred Cherry

Fred Cherry (15 April 1926 – 30 July 2003) was an American activist for greater rights for johns (clients of prostitutes). He gained some measure of fame as self-styled "elector of homophobia" in his fight against (in his own words) "the Organized Homosexual Conspiracy of America", who he said opposed his own fight to get his freedom to patronize prostitutes recognized as being a matter of civil rights.
In 1985, Cherry, and Margo St. James, filed a lawsuit against Ed Koch, then mayor of New York City, seeking to overturn New York's laws banning prostitution on the grounds that Cherry's disability would make it impossible for him to find sexual companionship other than prostitutes, thereby violating the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The lawsuit was dismissed.
Fred Cherry helped make mathematical history when he published, in collaboration with such distinguished combinatorialists as E.T. Parker and Walter Wallis, a construction of orthogonal pairs of doubly diagonal Latin squares of order 10, thus completing the proof that such pairs exist for all orders other than 2,3 and 6. In his words: "this accomplishment gave me a tremendous boost in my self-esteem. Before I had done this, I used to think of myself as a rich bum. Now, I can truly call myself a mathematician, even though I only have a bachelor's degree in mathematics."

</doc>
<doc id="2887913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887913" title="Pascual de Andagoya">
Pascual de Andagoya

Pascual de Andagoya (1495-1548) was a Spanish Basque conquistador. He was born in the village of Andagoya, in the valley of Cuartango (Álava), in Spain.
As often happened at the time, Andagoya left as an explorer of the New World at a very young age of 19, on April 11, 1514, under the command of Pedro Arias de Ávila. The expedition left carrying an army of over 2,000 in 22 ships, with the objective of colonizing Central America.
The career of Andagoya commenced in Panama, whose capital he founded in 1519 with 400 settlers. Later he moved south towards the Colombian coast, until he reached San Juan, where he took charge as governor. This was when he learned of the existence of the Inca Empire, in the distant territory called "Birú", or "Pirú". In 1522 he attempted a conquest, but it ended in miserable failure.
With his health deteriorating, he returned to Panama and spread word of his discoveries, in particular the existence of a land of enormous riches of gold and silver, namely, Peru. In 1524 Francisco Pizarro, in association with the soldier Diego de Almagro and the priest Hernando de Luque, mounted an expedition.
Andagoya was rewarded in 1539 by Carlos I with the post of Representative of the Indians, which he performed with brutal zeal. In 1540 he proclaimed himself governor of Popayán, which he held until 1542, when the legitimate governor Sebastián de Belalcázar relieved him under pressure. Andagoya died in Cuzco on July 18, 1548.

</doc>
<doc id="2887932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887932" title="Mou Zongsan">
Mou Zongsan

Mou Zongsan (, 1909–1995) was a Chinese New Confucian philosopher. He was born in Shandong province and graduated from Peking University. In 1949 he moved to Taiwan and later to Hong Kong, and he remained outside of mainland China for the rest of his life. His thought was heavily influenced by Immanuel Kant, whose three Critiques he translated, possibly first, into Chinese, and above all by Tiantai Buddhist philosophy.
Over the last 40 years of his life, Mou wrote histories of "Neo-Daoist," Confucian, and Buddhist philosophy (totaling six volumes) a group of constructive philosophic treatises, culminating in his 1985 work, "On the Summum Bonum" (), in which he attempts to rectify the problems in Kant's system through a Confucian-based philosophy reworked with a set of concepts appropriated from Tiantai Buddhism.
In the People's Republic of China, Mou is especially famous for his cultural traditionalism and his defense of democracy as a traditional Chinese value.
Biography.
Mou Zongsan was born into the family of an innkeeper in Qixia, Shandong. He went to Peking University for college prep (1927) and undergraduate courses (1929). During that time he became follower of Xiong Shili, author of the "New Treatise on Consciousness-only" and soon to be the most eminent philosopher in China until supplanted by Mou himself. After graduating in 1933, Mou moved around the country working as a secondary school teacher and a faculty member at different universities. In 1949 he followed the Nationalist government to Taiwan. His student at Tunghai University was Tu Weiming. In 1960 he moved to Hong Kong and eventually took up a post at New Asia College in Hong Kong (now part of the Chinese University of Hong Kong). During the last two decades of his life Mou was something of an intellectual celebrity. He lectured frequently on Confucian, Buddhist, Daoist, and Kantian philosophy at Hong Kong University, National Taiwan Normal University, and National Taiwan University. He died in Taipei in 1995, leaving dozens of disciples in top academic jobs in Taiwan and Hong Kong. 
Works.
Mou's complete works contains more than 30 volumes written over about 60 years. In religious studies and philosophy programs, attention is paid mostly to his production in his last 30 years. These can be divided into histories of Chinese philosophy and philosophic treatises.
Histories of philosophy.
"Physical Nature and Speculative Reason" 才性與玄理 (1963). This is Mou's main treatise on "Neo-Daoism" or "xuanxue" 玄學. It is an analysis of intellectual developments of the Wei-Jin dynasties (220-420 AD), said to set the agenda for much of later Chinese philosophy and anticipate the developments in Buddhist philosophy later understood by Mou as a pattern underlying the main line of Song-Ming Confucianism.
"Substance of Mind and Substance of Human Nature" 心體與性體 (1968–1969). This is probably the most studied of Mou's books, and by far the most famous in the West. It is a three volume history of Confucianism in the Song (960-1279) and Ming (1368-1644) dynasties, often called "Neo-Confucianism" in the West. It challenges usual two-part division of Neo-Confucian thought into a "school of principle" ("lixue" 理學), the Cheng-Zhu school represented by Cheng Yi, Cheng Hao, and Zhu Xi, and a "school of mind" ("xinxue" 心學) or Lu-Wang school represented by Lu Xiangshan and Wang Yangming. Mou identifies a third lineage, whose main figures are Hu Hong (Hu Wufeng) and Liu Zongzhou (Liu Jishan), which best conveys the basic message of the classical sage Mencius. Mou's later book "From Lu Xiangshan to Liu Jishan" (從陸象山到劉蕺山) (1979) is treated as the fourth volume of this book.
"Buddha-Nature and Prajna" 佛性與般若 (1977). This is Mou's main examination of Buddhist philosophy, written in two volumes. It upends usual Chinese recognition of Huayan school as most well-developed form of Buddhism and puts the Tiantai school in first place. Mou credits Tiantai with having the best concepts for understanding the authoritative Hong-Liu line of Confucianism.
Philosophical treatises.
"Intellectual Intuition and Chinese Philosophy" 智的直覺與中國哲學 (1971). In this treatise, Mou applies the Kantian idea of 'intellectual intuition' to Chinese philosophy, which he believes affirms the idea that human beings can have such awareness. He expresses strong interest in the utility of Buddhist philosophy for Confucian purposes. This book is often thought of as an early version of "Phenomenon and Thing-in-Itself".
"Phenomenon and Thing-in-Itself" 現象與物自身 (1975). This develops Mou's famous doctrine of "two-level ontology," patterned off of Kantian and Buddhist metaphysics.
"Treatise on Summum Bonum" (圓善論) (1985). This is Mou's last major work. Mou did not intend it as his final book, but scholars generally treat it as the definitive summary of his thinking. It attempts to use Tiantai ontological concepts as inspiration to find Confucian solution to Kant's problem of the highest good or "summum bonum." It includes a chapter with Mou's commentary on Mencius and a more complete evaluation of the place of Daoist and Buddhist philosophy for the modern Confucian.
Mou's philosophy.
Mou and Kant.
Following his teacher Xiong Shili, Mou Zongsan sought to articulate and justify a moral metaphysics. A moral metaphysics asserts the interconnectedness of ontology and morality, implying the moral value of all objects including the self. Mou’s philosophy attempts to demonstrate the limits of Kant, suggesting instead the ways in which Chinese thought may surpass Kantian morality. Several of Mou’s titles directly reveal his engagement with Kant – "Intellectual Intuition and Chinese Philosophy", "Phenomenon and Thing-in-Itself", and "Treatise of the Perfect Good" – a commitment that is reflected in Mou’s decision to express his philosophy in Kantian terms. For example, Mou’s philosophy inherits the Kantian concepts of autonomy, intellectual intuition, and Thing-in-Itself, although Confucianism inspires Mou to transform these concepts. The reason behind this decision to use Kantian terms remains unknown, but some scholars argue that Mou’s use of certain terminologies aims to facilitate a dialogue between the East and West, pointing to Mou’s comparison of Mencius and Kant, whereby he demonstrates the compatibility of Chinese and Western philosophies. 
Mou's philosophy develops as a critique and transformation of Kant’s critical philosophy. Mou believes in the compatibility of Chinese thought and Kantian philosophy because both are backed by the Way, where the Way is essentially truth and different philosophies manifest different aspects it. Mou’s analysis of Kant centers on Kant’s "Critique of Pure Reason". One of Mou’s major criticisms of Kant involves Kant’s regard for free will as theoretical. Herein lies one of Mou’s fundamental beliefs, that morality and the moral life are, contrary to what Kant posits, really real. This presumption stems from Mou’s belief in the metaphysical necessity of the capability of improving one’s moral praxis, and thus Mou develops a moral metaphysics within the tenet of subjectivism. While Kant believes that intellectual intuition is only possible for God, Mou ascribes human beings equal capability of this intuition, which Mou finds superior to Heidegger’s fundamental ontology. Mou rejects Heidegger because according to Kant, true metaphysics is transcendent. Mou further departs from Kant’s philosophy, eventually transforming it into what is commonly referred to as New Confucianism or Mind Confucianism.
Mou's moral metaphysics.
Moral metaphysical systems have been proposed prior to Mou, most notably in the Platonic Form of the Good and the Confucian concept of "dao". In one sense, Mou’s philosophy attempts to reconcile these systems. Concurrently, Mou’s philosophy was influenced by Yogacara Buddhism, which believes that no objectivity is possible aside from subjectivity. Mou’s beliefs regarding the relationship between philosophy and culture and his view of the future of humanity dictate his construction of a philosophy that argues for the necessity to develop “Confucian Modernity”. Akin to his view of intellectual intuition, Mou constructs a vertical philosophical system that emphasizes the relation between the subject and an ontological objective, as opposed to a horizontal system where one’s relationship to the world functions through the subject-object dichotomy. Mou’s ontological ultimate is "benti", or ultimate reality. Mou’s moral metaphysics, which includes the natural and ethical universe, attempts to validate morality through the notion of "tiandao", the principle of the natural universe, which, for Mou, equates to the moral principle. Further, Mou believes that one’s uncomfortable reaction to crime and degeneracy indicates the presence of moral consciousness, which Mou signifies as the inner essence of human beings. This belief, that the infinite within "benti" similarly exists within human beings, known as the doctrine of infinite mind, can be compared with Heidegger’s acceptance of being-with-others as a feature of Dasein, Wittgenstein’s rejection of a private language, and Husserl’s discussion of the immediacy of our recognition of others and their mental states within the lived world.
Subsequently, Mou uses 良知 ("liangzhi", or good consciousness) and 智的直觉 ("zhi de zhijue", or intellectual intuition) to identify the substance in his system. Again, Mou chooses to translate his philosophy in Kantian terminology. Here, "liangzhi" refers to the foundation or essence of morality. Within Confucianism "liangzhi" also means the essence of human beings, explaining why Mou writes that, “the substance of human being is one and the same as that of the world, the world of value, but not the world of reality.” For Mou, this substance is independent of social background. This idea reflects the human nature proposed by Mencius through the example of the apparent, innate reaction of an individual to seeing a child sitting precariously on a well (The Four Beginnings). Here, Mou departs from traditional Confucianism by defining the essence of an individual in terms of modern individualism. Thus with regards to Mencius’ example, it is the very life of the child that evokes a reaction, and not the individual’s relation to the child. Mou notes that the basic implications of this example – an individual’s inherent benevolence – are consistent with the autonomy of a moral subject. This autonomy, the motivating force for morality according to Mou, exists within the transcendental and philosophical mind of the individual. 
In accord with his notions of intellectual intuition, Mou is committed to the idea of moral transformation, whereby all individuals can transcend themselves to ultimately become sages. Mou borrows this conception of moral transformation from Confucianism, as well as the concept of "summum bonum", in which there exists a connection between one’s worthiness of happiness and the actual attainment of happiness.
Discussion and criticism of Mou’s philosophy.
Several consequences arise from Mou’s moral metaphysics. Some scholars view Mou as a defender of Zen Buddhism over other critical Buddhisms, pointing to Mou’s morality, which, similar to Zen Buddhism, maintains that the possibility of enlightenment is more important than actually attaining it. Additionally, ascribing human beings intellectual intuition ultimately assigns humans moral responsibility. However, this allows individuals access to Kant’s noumenon. According to Mou, intellectual intuition for human beings is the foundation of all of Chinese thought. In "Phenomena and Noumena" Mou Zongsan writes that, “if it is true that human beings cannot have intellectual intuition, then the whole of Chinese philosophy must collapse completely”. Despite the fact that this is Mou’s claim, many scholars debate its validity, maintaining the legitimacy of Chinese philosophy and New Confucianism independent of intellectual intuition. 
Some traditional Confucians reject Mou, citing his wholesale acceptance of Western liberty and democracy as problematic. Despite Mou’s attempt at Confucian Modernity, critics claim that New Confucianism cannot handle modernity’s interconnectedness and its inevitable negative consequences. Others argue that because Mou is not political, he should not even be considered a Confucian because much of Confucian doctrine advocates for the active pursuit of change. However, the limitations of speech in China during the time period when Mou philosophized may address this criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="2887944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887944" title="Essex, San Bernardino County, California">
Essex, San Bernardino County, California

Essex is a small unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California. Essex lies on Old National Trails Highway – part of the old Route 66 – just south of Interstate 40 in the Mojave Desert.
History.
Essex, a former oasis along historic "Route 66" in California, was allegedly founded when a motorist suffered a flat tire only to discover there were no garages for miles.
In Essex's heyday, there were a number of important buildings utilized by motorists and local patrons, including:
Essex was notable along Route 66 for providing free water to travelers, thanks to a well installed by the Automobile Club of Southern California. Over a dozen homes also serviced the small community.
In 1977, Essex got television for the first time with the assistance of a community antenna television system and a microwave link. To commemorate this, the entire population of the town, including well-known residents Jerry and Virginia Smith, attended a taping of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".
Today.
With an estimated population of just 89 people in 2005 (down from 111 in 2000), Essex is on the verge of becoming one of many ghost towns scattered throughout the Southwestern United States displaced by the creation of Interstate 40. Essex Elementary school (founded 1937), which once served the educational needs of both Essex and its neighbor Goffs, has closed. It was once taught by a single teacher. Its location remote even with today's technological capabilities, Essex lacks many comforts of modern day life, and was unable to receive television service until the end of 1977.
Many of the homes and buildings in Essex have completely disappeared, almost 50 lie in abandonment, and of what was once a bustling roadside hub, only the post office, Caltrans maintenance yard, school house, and outdoor telephone are still operational. There are no facilities in town.
Until 2013 the population declined to 8-10 people.
Essex has only one close neighbor, the equally abandoned Goffs, located to the north, just across I-40.
Three miles northeast of Essex, just north of Goffs Road, the remains of Camp Essex Army Airfield are still visible. This uniquely configured airfield has two parallel runways and twelve "hardstands," where aircraft could be parked.

</doc>
<doc id="2887949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887949" title="Jouett Shouse">
Jouett Shouse

Jouett Shouse (December 10, 1879 - June 2, 1968) was an American lawyer, newspaper publisher, and leading Democratic politician. A conservative, he was best known for opposing the liberal New Deal in the 1930s.
Born in Midway, Kentucky, his family moved to Mexico, Missouri in 1892 where he attended public school. After studying at the University of Missouri at Columbia he returned to his native Kentucky where he served on the staff of the "Lexington Herald" from 1898 to 1904 and eventually became the owner/editor of "The Kentucky Farmer and Breeder".
In 1911, Jouett Shouse moved to Kinsley, Kansas where he married. He became involved in agricultural and livestock businesses and served on the Board of Directors of the director of the Kinsley Bank. He was elected a state senator in 1913 then in 1915 was elected to the United States Congress where he served until 1919 when President Woodrow Wilson appointed him as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. At the Treasury Department he was in charge of customs, internal revenue and reorganized the War Risk Insurance division until November 15, 1920 when he resigned "in order to adjust his personal affairs."
Shouse was very active in the Democratic Party and was appointed chairman of the executive committee of the Democratic National Committee in May 1929. His powerful position in Washington politics led to him being on the cover of the November 10, 1930 issue of "TIME" magazine. He opposed the nomination of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the Democratic Party's candidate for president and along with John J. Raskob supported the candidacy of Alfred E. Smith. [http://www.fdrheritage.org/fdr_museum_preview.htm 
In 1932 Jouett Shouse divorced his wife of twenty-one years and married the wealthy divorcee, Catherine Filene Dodd. A native of Boston, Massachusetts, the new Mrs. Shouse was a daughter of A. Lincoln Filene, head of Filene's department stores. She would serve on the Board of Trustees of the Filene Foundation. After their marriage, Jouett and Catherine Shouse took in and brought up a boy whom they renamed William Filene Shouse.
Liberty League.
After Roosevelt's election, Shouse left his leadership position to become president of the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment. That organization played an important role in bringing about the repeal of prohibition in 1933. In this campaign Shouse worked together with Roosevelt's people.
Shouse broke with the liberals and became the president of the American Liberty League, 1934–40, a new conservative organization formed by leading businessmen to oppose parts of the New Deal. Roosevelt received him in the White House for a generous amount of discussion concerning the group's values and concerns, and he left Shouse charmed. Later, however, Roosevelt told the press that Shouse's organization put "too much stress on property rights, too little on human rights." The League, he said, was sworn to "uphold two of the Ten Commandments".
Regarding the controversial National Recovery Administration, Shouse was ambivalent. He commented that "the NRA has indulged in unwarranted excesses of attempted regulation"; on the other hand, he added that "in many regards NRA has served a useful purpose." Shouse said that he had "deep sympathy" with the goals of the NRA, explaining, "While I feel very strongly that the prohibition of child labor, the maintenance of a minimum wage and the limitation of the hours of work belong under our form of government in the realm of the affairs of the different states, yet I am entirely willing to agree that in the case of an overwhelming national emergency the Federal Government for a limited period should be permitted to assume jurisdiction of them." 
In 1936 Roosevelt built his campaign on crusading against the American Liberty League as a band of economic royalists.
Shouse practiced law in Kansas City, Missouri as well as in Washington, D.C. In 1953, he was appointed chairman of the Board of Directors of New York City-based Anton Smit and Co. Inc., now part of 3M.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Jouett Shouse grew up in Kentucky where Thoroughbred horse breeding and racing was an integral part of daily life as well as the state's economy. According to a 1916 article in the New York Times, for many years he was actively engaged in promoting the Thoroughbred interests of Kentucky. Shouse and his second wife Catherine owned Wolf Trap Farm in Vienna, Virginia where they raised and bred boxer dogs as well as Thoroughbred horses used as show hunters and for competing in flat racing. A part of the farm was later donated by Mrs. Shouse to become the site of the Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts.
Jouett Shouse retired in 1965 and died in 1968. He is buried in the Lexington Cemetery in Lexington, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="2887958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887958" title="KMVA">
KMVA

KMVA (97.5 MHz at 42 kW ERP) is a radio station known on-air as Hot 97.5/103.9, serving the Phoenix, Arizona, area. The station is licensed to Dewey-Humboldt and is owned by Trumper Communications. KMVA was originally KRZS until it flipped from Pop Standards/Swing music on October 27, 2006 to go Rhythmic adult contemporary as MOViN' 97.5, but would evolve into contemporary hit radio by 2009 and adopt the "Hot" moniker on December 25, 2010. Since then, the station has shifted towards Dance and later moved back towards Hot AC. The station became a simulcast of KEXX on December 31, 2013.
History.
For many years, KMVA operated as KVNA-FM, an Adult Contemporary-formatted radio station based in Flagstaff. Marathon Media, a company known for taking rural stations and moving them closer to larger metropolitan areas in order to sell them for a larger amount, purchased the station in 2003, and got approval to move the station to a site between Phoenix and Prescott to cover the Phoenix metropolitan area. 
It first signed on at the new site in April 2005 as KZLB, calling itself "97.5 Latino Beat," featuring a mix of Spanish-language pop and Reggaeton. The station was in the middle of being sold at the time. KVIB 95.1, a station broadcasting from the same location with an identical format, signed on the air just one month later, thus forcing KZLB off the air for three months. 97.5 returned to the airwaves in late August with a format that consisted of a mix of classic and more recently recorded Pop Standards and Swing music, known on-air as "Star 97.5" with the KRZS calls. After KRZS' flip took place at 5PM on October 27, 2006, the station's old website was still up, but left a goodbye message to its listeners as to why they made the decision to switch formats and hopes that they can find a new place for its displaced one. Throughout 2009, the station has begun adding various top 40 pop and rock songs, moving more into a Hot AC direction but keeping some of the rhythmic material. During this period, the station aired On Air With Ryan Seacrest. 
A similar situation occurred in Dallas, Texas where CBS-owned radio station KOAI (now KMVK) "Smooth Jazz 107.5 The Oasis" flipped its format to Rhythmic AC in early October 2006. See "Criticism" section on KMVK.
On November 24, 2010, KMVA temporarily dropped its Top 40 format and began stunting with All-Christmas music. In addition, all references to "MOViN'" were omitted, an indication that KMVA will flip to a new format after the Holidays. On December 20, 2010, Trumper revealed that at 12Midnight on December 25, 2010, KMVA will officially become Hot 97.5, a contemporary hit radio with a unique mix of Top 40 and Hot AC currents. Both Elvis Duran and Ryan Seacrest's shows were retained at KMVA after the transition. The station was added again to Mediabase's contemporary hit radio panel as of July 2011.
In early 2012, KMVA has shifted its direction towards a Dance presentation and became more music intensive with the addition of more Dance hits, along with a new slogan "The Hits and Dance Channel" to reflect the adjusted changes. It also dropped Elvis Duran for a music-driven morning show that same year. By 2013, the Dance product was phased out for more Hot AC product, but remained within the Top 40/CHR realm. However, by the Fall of 2013, KMVA returned to a Adult Top 40 direction altogether. On December 27, 2013, Trumper Communications and Riviera Broadcasting Group announced that they would merge their Adult Top 40 outlets into one simulcast, with KMVA and KEXX becoming "Hot 97.5/103.9 Trending Radio." The combined signals made their launch on December 31, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2887959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887959" title="Hernando de Luque">
Hernando de Luque

Hernando de Luque (Unknown – 1532) was a Spanish priest who travelled to the New World in the 16th century. Luque was born in Olvera, Andalusia, but grew up in Luque, Spain. His last name comes from his town being Luque. His English name is Hernando "of" Luque. Luque left for the Americas in 1514. He arrived in 1514 with the expedition of Pedrarias Dávila to Panama, where he met Francisco Pizarro. Luque financed a joint expedition by Francisco Pizarro and Diego de Almagro to Peru in 1526. After the successful conquest of the Inca territory, he was eventually named the titles "Bishop of Tumbes" and "Protector of the Indians" in 1529. In Peru, he had an affair with an Incan Princess and had children. In 1532, Hernando de Luque died in Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="2887963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887963" title="John Brim">
John Brim

John Brim (April 10, 1922 – October 1, 2003) was an American Chicago blues guitarist, songwriter and singer. He wrote and recorded the original "Ice Cream Man", which was later covered by Van Halen on their first album. The song was also covered by Martin Sexton on his 2001 double album "Live Wide Open". David Lee Roth's version appears on his album "Diamond Dave". Brim died of heart cancer on October 1, 2003.
Biography.
Brim began playing guitar by studying the recordings of Big Bill Broonzy and Tampa Red. He moved to Indianapolis in 1941 and Chicago in 1947. His wife Grace was also a talented musician who played drums and harmonica.
Brim recorded for several labels, including releases on Chess Records. "Ice Cream Man" was produced in 1953 but was not released until 1969. Other tracks recorded on the Chess label include "I Would Hate to See You Go" (1956). The album "Whose Muddy Shoes" includes all his songs from the 1950s on that label. 
Brim also operated a dry cleaners and a record store. He used his royalties from Van Halen’s recording of "Ice Cream Man" to open a nightclub in Chicago.
Brim continued to perform occasionally around Chicago, and was a regularly featured performer on the Chicago Blues Festival beginning in 1991, when he was backed by the local Chicago blues band The Ice Cream Men (drummer Steve Cushing, guitarists Dave Waldman and "Rockin'" Johnny Burgin, and harmonica player Scott Dirks). The band name was coincidental; they were not Brim's regular band, but had been using that name because the members had previously worked with Chicago bluesman Otis "Big Smokey" Smothers, who worked as an ice cream man on Chicago's south side. 
He recorded four songs for the German Wolf label in 1989. A CD titled "Ice Cream Man" was released on Tone Cool Records in 1994. It received a W. C. Handy nomination as the best Traditional Blues Album of the Year.
Brim appeared at the 1997 San Francisco Blues Festival. He made another album in 2000, and continued to give live performances, such as in Belgium in 2001 and at the 2002 Chicago Blues Festival.
Death.
On the morning of October 1, 2003, Brim awoke and talked on the phone with his son, before he was struck with chest pains. Brim was rushed to the hospital, but died just before the ambulance reached the hospital, and the cause of death was later determined to have been heart cancer. Brim's funeral was held on October 10, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2887964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887964" title="Saldanha">
Saldanha

Saldanha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887966" title="Career Education Corporation">
Career Education Corporation

Career Education Corporation (CEC), is a postsecondary education provider with campus-based and online curricula. Headquartered in Schaumburg, Illinois., the organization operates over seventy-five campuses in the US with over 53,000 students enrolled. The company's schools offer a variety of associate, bachelor's, master's, doctoral, and certificate programs.
In November 2013, overall enrollment fell 22%, and new student signups dropped 18%. Year over year, student enrollment dropped 16% from 2012 to 2013. 
In 2014, Career Education Corporation was under investigation by more than a dozen states Attorneys General 
History.
CEC was founded in 1994 by John M. Larson who served as the company’s president, CEO and was a member of the board of directors until 2006. Under his leadership, CEC grew to include over 24 US campuses. In 2009, CEC purchased the Le Cordon Bleu schools and on July 1, 2003, Career Education Corporation merged with competitor Whitman Education Group, Inc., gaining control over the latter's Sanford-Brown Colleges, Ultrasound Diagnostic Schools (now known as the Sanford-Brown Institute), and Colorado Technical University. And also the former Western School of Health and Business. In the same year, CEC was sued for inflating financial results and issuing misleading statements, thus violating the Securities Exchange Act. 
In March 2007, Gary McCullough joined the company and served as CEO until November 2011, when Steven H. Lesnik assumed the role of president and CEO on an interim basis. Lesnik is the former chairman of the Illinois State Board of Education. In April 2013, Scott Steffey was named as Lesnik's permanent replacement.
Controversies and federal scrutiny.
CEC was investigated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for various issues of non-compliance in 2005. On February 15, 2005, the company announced an adjustment related to an increase in the estimate for its allowance for doubtful accounts and a restatement for a change in revenue recognition method for its Culinary and Healthcare externships. In January 2008, CEC reported that the SEC has closed its investigation and will take no action against the company. A Department of Justice investigation began in 1994 and was terminated in April 2007, with the DOJ declining prosecution. Another investigation on a different matter was begun by the Civil Division of the DOJ in June 2006 and is currently ongoing. 
In June 2005, the U.S. Department of Education prohibited CEC from expanding until it had resolved issues with financial statements and program reviews connected with Collins College and Brooks College two CEC schools. In January 2007, the U.S. Department of Education lifted its restrictions on the company opening new schools or acquiring existing ones.
CEC's division, American InterContinental University, was placed on probation in December 2005 with its accrediting agency, SACS. The probation status was reviewed after one year, in December 2006, and extended an additional 12 months. On December 11, 2007, CEC announced that SACS has removed AIU's probation and that the university's accreditation remains in good standing.
Brooks College, a CEC owned school, was the subject of an unfavorable examination of for-profit trade schools in the CBS news magazine "60 Minutes" which focused on alleged misrepresentations by admission representatives to prospective students. A CBS producer with a hidden camera visited several CEC schools in the New York area, including the Katharine Gibbs School. 
In June 2007, Career Education Corporation announced that it will close both campuses of Brooks College.
In January 2007, the New York State Education Department reported deficiencies at the Katharine Gibbs School's New York campus. The problems related to faculty qualifications and remedial course offerings. Career Education has since closed Katharine Gibbs School's New York campus.
California Culinary Academy, which was purchased by CEC in 1999, was the subject of an unfavorable article in the "San Francisco Weekly" focusing on alleged misrepresentations and omissions made to prospective students to enroll them in the school. According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, a lawsuit was filed over the matter.
On November 1, 2011 CEC's Chief Executive Officer resigned as corporate profits significantly fell and allegations were made involving inflated student placement statistics. Over the year the stock value dropped about 48%. Steve Lesnik was appointed by the Board of Directors to serve as the new CEO. Lesnik was also a visiting lecturer at Northwestern University and a Director of the Illinois Math & Science Academy Foundation. During this period system wide enrollment also dropped 24%. Several lawsuits were filed by investors who claimed they were defrauded. CEO Gary McCullough was paid nearly $9.8 million in 2011.
Downsizing.
After seeking unsuccessfully to sell several of its campuses, in June 2007 Career Education announced that it would close the Brooks College campuses in Sunnyvale and Long Beach, California, and the Pittsburgh branch of the International Academy of Design and Technology. No new enrollments would be accepted, and the final graduation dates would be September 2008 at the Sunnyvale campus, December 2008 in Pittsburgh, and March 2009 in Long Beach.
On February 2008 Career Education Corporation announced that it would also phase out operations of nine money-losing colleges, including several Gibbs College campuses, Lehigh Valley College, and McIntosh College in New Hampshire and to seek permission to convert two Gibbs college locations to Sanford-Brown College campuses.
On February 18, 2008 CEC's American InterContinental University announced plans to gradually close down its Los Angeles campus. Current students would have the opportunity to complete their programs, but no new students would be enrolled. Dr. George Miller, CEO of American InterContinental University, said “the impact of a two-year probation, coupled with the current market for AIU’s programs in Los Angeles, is such that the student population at the campus has decreased significantly, and likely will not reach the sustainable level necessary to support the addition of new programs and necessary resources.”
In January 2011, the company announced it would be laying off 600 people. Due to continued declining enrollment, additional plans to lay off as much as 7% of CEC's workforce (900 jobs) and close 23 schools were announced on November 8, 2012. The corporation made the announcement as it reported a $33.1 million net loss for the third quarter of 2012, as well a 23 percent decline in enrollment from a year ago. The Chicago Sun Times explained that "a U.S. Senate committee report last summer criticized for-profit schools for focusing on their own profits above their students’ job-readiness and for burdening students with loan debt at taxpayers’ expense. The scrutiny has hurt for-profit college enrollment." 25% of the current faculty at the California Culinary Academy were notified of their termination in mid November, effective December 31, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2887973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887973" title="YSB">
YSB

YSB or YSb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887977" title="Sleepsack (BDSM)">
Sleepsack (BDSM)

Sleepsacks are a popular type of bondage (BDSM) gear. Sleepsacks are primarily used to confine a person comfortably for an extended period of time. Similar to a conventional sleeping bag, a person climbs into a sleepsack and is usually zipped into it up to their neck. Generally sleepsacks are very tight on the body, adding to the bondage aspect of the experience.
Design.
Sleepsacks are designed so the person is as immobile as possible. There is generally a pocket at the bottom that the wearer's feet go into. A durable zipper runs from below the knees up to the neck. Generally sleepsacks have collars at the top which buckle around the neck, further securing the person in it. Instead of a single pull zipper most sleepsacks have triple zippers which allow for an opening anywhere along the length of the zipper. Sleepsacks with the zipper as described will also usually have internal arm sleeves. With arms in the internal arm sleeves the wearer is unable to have access to any part of his or her body.
Materials.
Sleepsacks can be made from several different types of materials. Each type of material offers a different experience. The most popular material is probably leather. Other types of sleepsacks are 
rubber, canvas, Darlexx, and Neoprene.
Leather sleepsacks are generally very confining but do not stretch. If they are sized correctly they are very comfortable for long-term usage, and many bondage enthusiasts spend entire nights comfortably confined in them. In order to make the tightest fit possible, many leather sleepsacks have small D-rings down each side of the main zipper along the front of the sack, which allows the sack to be pulled tighter around the body using rope laced between the D-rings. This system of D-rings and rope lacing also protects the zipper from any stress that the occupant of the sack might exert on it. To further add to the confining aspects of the sleepsack, there are usually straps or belts that go around the body at intervals along the length of the sack, starting at the collar and going down to the ankles. To keep the straps in place and prevent them from shifting, they pass through larger D-rings down the sides of the sleepsack.
Leather sleepsacks are probably the most durable type of sleepsack. They often come with bondage hooks or rings along the sides, at the shoulders, and at the feet for attaching restraints, tie-downs, or rope, to further secure the sack and occupant to a bed, bondage frame, or table. Leather sleepsacks can also be suspended upright or horizontal with the appropriate knowledge and equipment.
There are many options that can be built into a sleepsack, including separate zippers or removable flaps at nipples, a zipper from the lower spine to below the buttocks, attachable hoods, removable foot sacks, smooth leather lining, padding, internal arm sleeves, etc.
Since leather doesn't breathe, some individuals may sweat during their confinement. Depending on the amount of moisture present after use, wiping the inside of the sleepsack with a cloth may be necessary. In all cases, allowing the leather plenty of time to air-out and dry before being stored is very important, as moisture can lead to mould developing inside the sleepsack. Since leather sleepsacks can be very expensive, costing over $2,000, they must be treated with care to ensure the leather isn't damaged.
Rubber sleepsacks are also very confining but do have some stretch. This natural stretch is what causes rubber sleepsacks to be confining and tight. As with leather the sizing of a rubber sleepsack is very important for a proper fit. People who have a rubber fetish interest like rubber sleepsacks for obvious reasons.
Rubber sleepsacks do not disperse moisture at all. For this reason hydration is a very important consideration for people who spend any amount of time in a rubber sleepsack. Sweating can often be profuse even if the occupant is only lying inside it. All fluids from the body accumulate in the sack, which also makes the rubber sleepsack a choice for those who are also have a urination fetish. Rubber sleepsacks are easy to clean as they can simply be rinsed with water. Sweat leaking out from the neck, as well as through any zippers along the sack, can often occur while lying flat and should be a consideration.
Darlexx sleepsacks are made of a spandex-like material. Darlexx stretches much like spandex but is much more durable. One main benefit of Darlexx sleepsacks is they are significantly cheaper than leather and rubber, and can accommodate a wider range of sizes due to how much it can comfortably stretch. Although still very confining Darlexx does not put as much compression on the body as rubber, making it more comfortable to stay in for longer periods of time.
Sleepsacks in BDSM culture.
Sleepsacks are an effective way to secure somebody comfortably, but also tightly, for long periods of time. Generally someone will need to be assisted into and out of a sleepsack by another person. There are neck-entry type sleepsacks which are open at the top and do not have a full zipper. These types of sleepsacks are good for those who want to have a similar experience on their own.
The immobility that sleepsacks cause to the occupant is a major reason they are popular. Sleepsacks also provide a great way to secure someone for many types of bondage and BDSM play, which may or may not include sexual activity.
Safety considerations.
As with any type of bondage, there are considerations that must be taken prior to entry into sleepsack bondage.
External links.
Darlex Sleepsack product page at Winter Fetish

</doc>
<doc id="2887980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887980" title="Cadaeic Cadenza">
Cadaeic Cadenza

Cadaeic Cadenza is a 1996 short story by Mike Keith. It is an example of constrained writing, a book with restrictions on how it can be written. It is also one of the most prodigious examples of piphilology, being written in "pilish".
"Cadaeic Cadenza" has perhaps the harshest limitations on the exact words that can be used, but also results in uncommon sounding language. In addition to the main restriction, the author attempts to mimic portions, or entire works, of different types and pieces of literature ("The Raven", "Jabberwocky", the lyrics of Yes, "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock", "Rubaiyat", "Hamlet", and Carl Sandburg's "Grass") in story, structure, and rhyme.
The limitations.
When the number of letters in each word is written out they form the first 3835 digits of pi.
While in this example each word is the same number of letters as the next digit of pi (and ten letters for the digit 0), some sections use words of more than ten letters as a one followed by another digit:
where 11 represents two consecutive digit "1"s in pi.
Taking "A" as 1, "B" as 2, "C" as 3, etc., the name of the piece itself is based on pi, as "Cadaeic" is the first 7 digits of pi, when rounded to that number of significant digits.
Near a Raven.
The first part of "Cadaeic Cadenza" is slightly changed from an earlier version, "Near a Raven", which was a retelling of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Raven".

</doc>
<doc id="2887982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887982" title="Ancol Dreamland">
Ancol Dreamland

Taman Impian Jaya Ancol otherwise known as Ancol Dreamland is an integral part of Ancol Bay City, a resort destination located along Jakarta's waterfront, in Ancol Kelurahan, Pademangan, Indonesia.
It is owned by PT. Pembangunan Jaya Ancol Tbk, a subsidiary of Pembangunan Jaya Group. Ancol Dreamland opened in 1966 and is currently the largest integrated tourism area in South East Asia, boasting an international championship golf course, a theme park, hotels and other recreational facilities. There are 27 rides at Fantasy World, 8 pools at Atlantis Water Adventure and 8 shows at Ocean Dream Samudra.
Entertainment and Amusement Parks.
Dunia Fantasi / Dufan (Fantasy World).
Dunia Fantasi is Jakarta's own theme park complete with over 30 rides and attractions. Dufan is owned by Indosat Group. The theme park is divided into eight regions which are Jakarta, Indonesia, Asia, Africa, America, Europe, and Fantasi Hikayat (Legendary Fantasy) region featuring Ancient Greece and Ancient Egypt architecture. The theme park complies with international standards through ISO 9001:2000 certification.
Among its most popular attractions are the Halilintar twisted roller coaster ride, Niagara flume ride, Istana Boneka (a local version of Disney's It's a Small World) and Balada Kera (Monkey Parody – animatronics show) Theater show. Other attractions include Bianglala (ferris wheel), Kora-Kora (swinging ship), Poci-Poci (spinning cups ride), and Hysteria.
Several of the latest and newest rides are Kicir-Kicir (Power Surge) (2004), Perang Bintang (Star Wars) (2005) - an interactive dark ride, Meteor Attack (2006) and Tornado (Windshear by Zamperla) (2007). Some seasonal attractions include Le Belles cabaret show, Russian Circus and Euro Kids Circus.
A former theater that used to house the Rama Shita ride was also emptied and converted into a large indoor exhibition hall, occasionally hosting special shows. As of now there are no publicly announced plans to use the space for future rides.
From June 18, 2012 until July 15, 2012, on a program called “Smart Recreation – One Day at Ancol”, holiday in Dufan is free of charge until December 31, 2012.
Since June 21, 2011 Dunia Fantasi (Dufan) will open Kalila Adventure Animatronic Theater which most complete in the world. The theme stories are about Beautiful Indonesia.
Dufan now held "Dufan Defender Show - Misi Penyelamatan Bumi” in RamaShinta Hall.
Atlantis Water Adventure.
Atlantis Water Adventure was built on the former site of Gelanggang Renang (Swimming Courtyard). Occupying over five hectares of land, this water park is themed on the mythological underwater world of Atlantis. Its facilities include a wave pool, continuous flowing river pool, rainbow ball pool, waterfall pool, several slides, two children's pools, five restaurants, and a food court that was imported from India, Brazil, Spain, Bangladesh. A volleyball court and event center are also available to accommodate the needs of visitors. Atlantis Water Adventure now held "Nightainment Atlantis Music Video".
Ocean Dream Samudra.
Ocean Dream Samudra features several animal shows, a small aquarium, and a 4D theater. The trained animal shows include a dolphin show and sea lion show. The 4D theater projects 3D image movies with sensations such as cool breezes and water sprays located inside a large building with Mesoamerican pyramid theme. On 2011 Ocean Dream Samudra will be revitalized with the budget Rp.27 billion ($3.1 million). Ocean Dream Samudra now held "Under the Sea Musical Dance" attraction at Underwater Theater.
SeaWorld.
Owned by Lippo Group, SeaWorld was opened in 1996 as the largest oceanarium in South East Asia at the time. It features the acclaimed Antasena tunnel as well as the sea friends pool, main pool, alligator pool, and shark pool. Despite its name, it is completely unaffiliated with the US-based SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment and their parks in Orlando, San Antonio, and San Diego.
Beaches.
There are two main beaches within the resort, the Carnival and Festival beach. British band Iron Maiden has played for the first time in Indonesia on 17 February 2011 at the Carnival Beach site, to over 25,000 strong crowd.
Pasar Seni.
Pasar Seni is an Art Market that started over 25 years ago. . It has become a center for handicrafts and art products. This art market has an open state, plaza, and souvenir shops. Pasar Seni has also became a center where artists would create and sell their products. Pasar Seni Ancol will be change into MNC Art Market soon. Every Friday night at 8:30 pm, Pasar Seni Ancol organized the event namely "New Friday Jazz Nite".
Executive Golf Fun.
Ancol's Golf Course has recently relaunched as Executive Golf Fun. This is Indonesia’s first international beach golf course with 18 holes spread over an area of 33 hectares. The golf course has a pro-shop, an executive room, a meeting hall and restaurants.
Jaya Bowling.
Ancol Dreamland has several facilities for games and entertainment. One of these facilities is Jaya Bowling. This bowling center is the first and largest bowling center in Indonesia. Indonesia's National Bowling Training Center is in Jaya Bowling.
Ocean Eco Park.
It was built in 2011 by PT Global Land Development Tbk with a budget of Rp.15 billion ($1.7 million). This area consists of 4 themes, Eco Energy, Eco Care, Eco Nature and Eco Art.
It once hosted the 2013 World Robot Olympiad.
Ancol Beach City.
Ancol Beach City is a new Lifestyle & Entertainment Center in Ancol, Jakarta. It was built by PT Wahana Agung Indonesia, a subsidiary of PT Global Land Development Tbk (now MNC Land). There'll be a Madame Tussauds wax Museum, Mata Elang International Stadium Concert Hall with a maximum capacity of 22.000, 77 culinary centre, 42 shops, etc.
Transportation.
Ancol Dreamland can easily be reached by car, motorcycle, electric train (KRL), or the TransJakarta Busway. Passengers who wants to go to Ancol Dreamland by train can arrive on Kampung Bandan or Jakarta Kota Station. Currently, Ancol Railway Station is closed for every train, include Electric Train, because the railway track between Tanjung PriokAncol-Rajawali-Kampung Bandan Atas-Jakarta Kota is not serve the Electric Train. Because Ancol Dreamland is so large, effective transportation has been a concern. Some transportation methods around Ancol Dreamland include becak (rickshaw) and other vehicles such as train ride from the east entrance to Carnaval beach, and gondola to help tourists navigate around the area to their next destination. Passengers from Kampung Melayu, Harmoni, and Pusat Grosir Cililitan can use Transjakarta Busway to go to Ancol Dreamland.
Gondola.
This is the latest transportation alternative in the area. The Gondola is a skylift cable car system with thirty-seven cars built along the shore of Jakarta's bay. It offers a view of the resort and the sea as well as the city.
Future Developments.
Ancol Taman Impian is planned to be expanded mainly through land reclamation along Jakarta's bay with a land reserve of over eighty hectares. Ancol Taman Impian is aiming for the Ancol Spektakuler 2015 (Ancol Spectacular 2015), a long term goal which includes a major expansion of the current Dunia Fantasi theme park as well as the construction of the Marina Sports Centre and Carnival Beach Club.
Accidents.
A cement-based decorative wall of a water slide of the Atlantis Water Adventure Park collapsed due to corrosion and made also a part of the wall of water slide also collapsed in September 25, 2011 injuring 4 visitors, including a child. The Jakarta Construction Supervision and Regulation Agency (P2B) said:"There will be an audit by a consultant before the management is allowed to rebuild the collapsed structure." Less than 3 months before, there are also collapsed of the cement structure and at late July 2011, 15 passengers panicked stuck in their seats when the Tornado thrill ride stalled.

</doc>
<doc id="2887985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887985" title="George Tobin">
George Tobin

George Tobin is a record producer who has produced albums for a long list of musical artists including Robert John, Smokey Robinson, Kim Carnes, Kicking Harold, and PC Quest. He is best known, however, for discovering, managing, and producing the teenage singer Tiffany and showcasing her in malls across the country. From the 1980s, Tobin owned a large recording studio complex in North Hollywood, California, which was frequently rented by people making demo tapes and radio commercials. Tiffany was recording a demo at the studio at age 12 when Tobin heard her and decided that she could be a star; soon, he was managing and producing her. Under Tobin's management, Tiffany released two very successful albums, ("Tiffany" and "Hold an Old Friend's Hand"), and toured for two years with New Kids on the Block. In 1993 she recorded one more album ("Dreams Never Die") under Tobin's production.
In the 1990s, he pursued business ventures in Las Vegas, Nevada, including buying radio station KEDG the Edge. By 2005 his businesses, George Tobin Music and Headliner Records, were based in Las Vegas and Boca Raton, Florida. In 2005 Tobin released Tiffany's album "Dreams Never Die" (previously released only in Asia), adding six bonus tracks from early Tiffany recording sessions at Tobin's studio. He has recently signed 6 Twenty to his label.

</doc>
<doc id="2887989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887989" title="Kuartango">
Kuartango

Kuartango (Basque and official name. ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2887991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887991" title="Threshold (Palmer novel)">
Threshold (Palmer novel)

Threshold is a science fiction novel written by David R. Palmer and published by Bantam Spectra in December 1985. It was his second book published, following "Emergence", and was intended to be the first book of the "To Halt Armageddon" trilogy.
Plot introduction.
"Threshold" is a space opera novel, involving interstellar intrigue, mysteriously alluring space aliens, and a hero who is larger than life. Its protagonist, the penultimate issue of millennia long alien breeding program: Peter Cory, billionaire, hard driving adventurer, and unrequited rescuer of damsels. (Due to a "clerical" error in the program, his future wife was born late and is now only a child, but there is no time to wait.) One of the aliens, a ""wWyh'j"" (witch) named Megonthalyä (Meg) and her obese feline familiar (Memphus) come to Earth to enlist Peter's help.
Plot summary.
Due to what they call a 'racial mental block' a quasi-immortal race called the Isi are unable to prevent a galactic catastrophe. The Isi think humanity (specifically Peter) will help them overcome this hurdle, hence the book's opening line "Peter, we are losing Armageddon..." Unless he joins forces with them "... the galaxy is doomed...!"
While Peter (and the reader) is understandably skeptical, the talking cat, as well as a crash course in telepathy rapidly convince him of Meg's sincerity. Soon he is using his uniquely human perspective to unveil new applications of ancient Isi mental powers, and develops some startling new abilities. Armed with complete control of his cellular structure (which allows for slow but complete cellular metamorphosis), and a ""gnNäáq"" (knack) which allows the mental manipulation of electrical energy, Peter and Meg travel to Meg's home planet of Isis where he will be taught the ""mMj'q"" (Magic) necessary to help save the galaxy from its impending destruction.
Writing in what can only be described in a "Heinlein-esque" style, Palmer deliberately plays with sci-fi conventions. For example he implies that common terms such as witch, familiar, and magic actually stem from alien words. He also turns several clichés on their ear, giving the reader a trip through the protagonist's ego as he travels across a decidedly hostile planet.
Literary significance & criticism.
Touted as the first book in a trilogy, subsequent novels have yet to be published, although the author has made it clear that the second book is indeed written. As of 1990, Palmer pointed out that when his personal finances permitted taking time to survive off of slim publishorial advances, he would return to writing.

</doc>
<doc id="2887997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887997" title="Tako">
Tako

Tako may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2888004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888004" title="Ian Brooker">
Ian Brooker

Murray Ian Hill Brooker AM (born 2 June 1934), better known as Ian Brooker, is an Australian botanist. He is widely recognised as the leading authority on the genus "Eucalyptus".
Ian Brooker was born in Adelaide, South Australia on 2 June 1934. He obtained a B.Ag.Sc. from the University of Adelaide, and a M.Sc. and D.Sc. from the Australian National University in Canberra. He worked with the Soil Conservation Branch of the Department of Agriculture in South Australia from 1957 to 1963; then joined the Department of Botany at the Australian National University until 1969; and then spent a year with the Western Australian Herbarium.
In 1970, Brooker joined the Forest Research Institute in Canberra, now part of CSIRO. His research since then has specialised in the "Eucalyptus" genus, especially its taxonomy. He has travelled widely throughout Australia collecting specimens, and has published 100 research papers, 180 leaflets, and four books, and is the principal author of "Forest Trees of Australia".
In his role as a eucalypt specialist, he has travelled widely in the world, including the USA, Brazil, most European countries, southern and eastern Africa, Morocco, Israel, India, China, and New Zealand. In 1980/1981 he was appointed Australian Botanical Liaison Officer at Kew in the UK.
In 2006, he was made a Member of the Order of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2888005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888005" title="Margaret Rockefeller Strong">
Margaret Rockefeller Strong

Margaret Rockefeller Strong (1897-1985) was an American activist.
Margaret was the daughter of Elizabeth "Bessie" Rockefeller (1866—1906) and Dr. Charles Augustus Strong (1862—1940). Her maternal grandfather was Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller (1839—1937). She married Chilean ballet businessman George de Cuevas on August 3, 1927; they had two children. After his death, she married Raymundo de Larraín Valdés (1935—1988) in 1977.
Margaret saved a row of Neo-Federal townhouses on Park Avenue designed by McKim, Mead & White from destruction by purchasing the property and giving one of the townhouses to the Queen Sofía Spanish Institute in 1965. She then donated the corner townhouse to her cousin, David Rockefeller, who founded the Center for Inter-American Relations there. In December 1979, Margaret donated her father's estate, Villa Le Balze in Fiesole, Tuscany, Italy to Georgetown University which operates an overseas campus there.
Her life can be read at "El Inútil de la Familia", book written by Jorge Edwards, a Chilean writer.

</doc>
<doc id="2888006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888006" title="Cops (1989 TV series)">
Cops (1989 TV series)

Cops is an American documentary/reality legal series that follows police officers, constables, and sheriff's deputies during patrols and other police activities. It is one of the longest-running television programs in the United States and in May 2011 became the longest-running show on Fox with the announcement that "America's Most Wanted" was being canceled after 23 years. The first episode was broadcast in 1989.
Created by John Langley and Malcolm Barbour, it premiered on March 11, 1989, and is scheduled to air its 850th episode during the 2012-2013 season. It won the American Television Award in 1993 and has earned four Emmy nominations. "COPS" 25th season began on December 15, 2012. The series is currently one of only two remaining first-run prime-time programs airing on Saturday nights on the four major U.S. broadcast television networks along with CBS's "48 Hours Mystery". When it expanded to show two episodes in the 8PM hour, it was called "Primetime Cops" in promos for several years.
"Cops" is broadcast by Fox (with repeats from earlier seasons syndicated to local television stations and other cable networks, including truTV and G4), and follows the activities of police officers by assigning television camera crews to accompany police officers as they perform their duties. The show's formula follows the cinéma vérité convention, with no narration or scripted dialog, depending entirely on the commentary of the officers and on the actions of the people with whom they come into contact.
The show has followed officers in 140 different cities in the United States and in Hong Kong, London, and the former Soviet Union. Each episode is approximately 22 minutes in length and typically consists of three segments, with each segment being one or two self-contained police incidents.
The show's theme song is "Bad Boys", performed by reggae group Inner Circle.
In May 2013, Fox cancelled "Cops", and Spike picked up the show. The 26th season of the series premiered on September 14, 2013.
Production.
"Cops" was created by John Langley and his producing partner Malcolm Barbour. In 1983, Langley was working on "Cocaine Blues", a television series about drugs. As part of his research he went on a drug raid with drug enforcement officers and was inspired to create a show focusing on real-life law enforcement.
In the late 1980s, after producing a series of live syndicated specials called "American Vice: The Doping of a Nation" with Geraldo Rivera, Langley and Barbour pitched the "Cops" show concept to Stephen Chao, a Fox programming executive who would one day become president of the Fox Television Stations Group and later USA Network. Chao liked the concept and pitched it to Barry Diller, then CEO of the Fox Network.
A Writers Guild of America strike was occurring at the time and the network needed new material. An unscripted show that did not require writers was ideal for Fox. The first episode aired in 1989, and featured the Broward County, Florida, Sheriff's Office.
The original concept of the show was to follow officers home and tape their home lives along with their work. After a while the idea of following officers home was deemed too artificial by Langley and was abandoned. Thereafter, the format of three self-contained segments with no narrator, no music and no scripts would become the show's formula.
Since season two, every episode ends with a police radio excerpt. A female officer says "132 and Bush, I've got him at gunpoint", and a female dispatcher replies, "132 and Bush. Cover's Code 3." Another woman says "Units 25, 14 can transmit on Tac 2" and the dispatcher says "OK, we’ll still send it Code 3." Then an instrumental version of "Bad Boys" plays over the credits.
"Cops" aired on Fox's Saturday-night lineup since its debut. After 2012, the series retained its traditional timeslot, but aired more intermittently as Fox Sports scheduled more programming in Saturday primetime, with NASCAR in the late winter, Major League Baseball through the spring and summer, college football in the fall, and various UFC events through the year. "Cops" was then scheduled on weeks without any sporting events, followed by an encore of a Fox drama series.
Camera crew assistance.
The camera crew that follows the officers are instructed to maintain a fly on the wall position, not interfering or making their presence known on camera unless necessary for the safety of officers and civilians on scene. There have been multiple instances where the safety of the officers has necessitated their involvement, however.
In one episode, the sound mixer for the camera crew, a former EMT, assisted a police officer in performing CPR. In another episode in season 11 that took place in 1998 in Atlanta, "Cops" camera operator Si Davis, who was coincidentally a Las Vegas Reserve Police Officer, had to drop the camera and assist an Atlanta police officer in wrestling a suspect into custody. The APD officer, it turned out, had been severely injured during a foot pursuit; meanwhile, sound mixer Steve Kiger, picked up the camera and continued recording the action which eventually made air. Because the camera crew was dressed in tactical gear, no one noticed that it was the camera operator in front of the camera.
In another episode a rape suspect fled and outran the cops only to have the cameraman follow him the entire time until police caught up and subdued him.
In an episode of season 14 (2001–2002) during the arrest of a man after a car chase in Hillsborough County, Florida, the sound mixer held the sister of the man away from the deputy after she tried to intervene in the arrest of her brother. Also, during the first episode of Season 22, a Las Vegas officer was scuffling with a suspect high on PCP, who eventually tackled the officer and required the camera operator and Las Vegas paramedics to wrestle the suspect off of the officer.
In an episode of season 26 (2013-2014) first broadcast on February 1, 2014, during the arrest of a man in Sacramento CA for battery on his girlfriend, one of the camera crew had to pull one of the suspect's pit bulls away from one of the arresting officers. The dog was biting the officer on the leg after being commanded to do so by the suspect.
Soundtrack.
All episodes of "Cops", with the exception of the first season, begin with the disclaimer, ""COPS" is filmed on location with the men and women of law enforcement. All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law." The first season disclaimer was slightly different by stating, ""COPS" is filmed on location as it happens. All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law." Burt Lancaster provided the following narration on the pilot episode. ""Cops" is about real people, and real criminals. It was filmed entirely on location, with the men and women who work in law enforcement."
During at least the first season, episodes featured original scoring in a vein similar to the instrumental backing of the opening song. Some cues were short, others longer, usually over montages. Among the composers who scored episodes were Michael Lewis and Nathan Wang.
The series' 850th episode aired during the 2012-2013 season.
Syndication.
In 1993, "Cops" went into broadcast syndication, and has remained in syndication since. As of fall 2013, it appears on cable on Spike, after several years on truTV.
International.
"Cops" is broadcast in the UK on FX, Movie Mix and CBS Reality. In Portugal the show is aired on Fox Crime, in Brazil on TruTV, in Colombia on TruTV, in Australia on One and CI Network, In Japan on Fox Crime, in India on STAR World and FOX Crime, in Norway on Viasat 4, in Sweden on Viasat 6 and in Denmark on Canal9.
Cops 2.0.
An enhanced version of the series branded "Cops 2.0" with live web chats and program facts aired on G4 from May 2007 – 2009.
Cops Reloaded.
In January 2013, Twentieth Television announced that a new syndicated version titled "Cops Reloaded" would begin airing on Country Music Television and local stations. The new format features slightly edited segments of classic "Cops" episodes, allowing for four segments per each half hour episode. This version contains all new graphics and soundbites during the opening theme song, and older segments are up-converted to high definition.
Home media.
The series has had several best of videos, including "Cops: In Hot Pursuit", "Cops: Shots Fired", "Cops: Bad Girls", and "Cops: Caught in the Act" which include uncensored "too hot for TV" segments containing profanity and nudity that was cut from the network version.
A "Cops: 20th Season Anniversary" two-disc DVD with viewer favorites from each season, several behind the scenes features, and the original one-hour pilot was released in the US and Canada on February 19, 2008. 
Tie-ins.
In 1999, "Cops" associate producer and sound mixer Hank Barr published "The Jump-Out Boys", a book about the show's production.
Reception.
Criticism.
The show has been criticized for its predominant focus on the criminal activities among the poor. Critics of this aspect of the show say it unfairly presents the poor as responsible for most crime in society while ignoring the "white-collar crimes" that are typical of the more wealthy. Controversial documentary filmmaker Michael Moore raises this tenet in an interview with a former associate producer of "Cops," Richard Herlan, in Moore's 2002 film "Bowling for Columbine".
His response to Moore was that television is primarily a visual medium, requiring regular footage on a weekly basis to sustain a show, and police officers "busting in" on an office where identity theft papers are being created or other high-level crime rings are operating does not happen very often. It is therefore not likely to be recorded and thus not shown. The low-level crime featured on the show happens every day, providing large quantities of material suitable for taping.
Chicago Police Department Deputy Director of News Affairs Patrick Camden in 2005 stated in response to a request for "Cops" taping that "police work is not entertainment. What they do trivializes policing. We've never seriously even considered taping."
Impact of filming on the Dalia Dippolito case.
During the trial of Dalia Dippolito, accused of solicitation to commit first-degree murder, the defense attorney claimed Dippolito was tricked into signing the "Cops" release form. Also the defense claimed the husband orchestrated the plot to get aired on "Cops". Both defenses failed, and Dippolito was convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison. 
Influence.
The show "X-Files" released an episode "X-Cops" (season 7, episode 12) where Mulder and Scully collaborate with the police in order to catch a mysterious, shapeshifting entity. In the tradition of the real-life "Cops" program, the entire episode is shot on video.

</doc>
<doc id="2888008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888008" title="Saldanha Steel">
Saldanha Steel

Saldanha Steel was a South African steel company originally formed as a partnership between Iscor Limited and the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC). Saldanha Steel is now part of Mittal Steel South Africa, which in turn is part of global steel company Arcelor-Mittal.
Operations.
The R6,8bn Saldanha Steel facilities, situated on the Cape west coast roughly 10 km away from Langebaan Lagoon's ecologically sensitive wetlands, has been designed to produce 1.25 million tons of hot-rolled carbon steel coil per year. The mill was commissioned in 1998. 
Following the unbundling of Iscor's mining and steel assets, the Industrial Development Corp. has now become a major shareholder of Iscor Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="2888009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888009" title="Zuma Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Zuma Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Zuma Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 757 and it contained 315 housing units. Zuma Township was originally named Walker Township, but was renamed on October 1, 1857.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.66%) is land and (or 2.34%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="2888015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888015" title="Hwang Kee">
Hwang Kee

Hwang Kee (; "Hwang Gi"; November 9, 1914 – July 14, 2002) was one of the most important figures in the Korean martial art of Tang Soo Do. He was the founder of Soo Bahk Do and the school of Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan. 
He was one of the five original Korean founders of taekwondo martial arts Kwans. 
Martial Arts Training.
Hwang Kee was born on November 9, 1914 in Jang Dan, Kyong Ki province of Korea, while it was under Japanese occupation. His father was a scholar and teacher, thus Kee was one of the few young men in the province to complete high school in 1935. He first studied martial arts, Soo Bahk and Tae Kyun while in school. Following graduation, he went to work for the Manchurian Railroad, where he claimed to have learned the martial art of Kuk Sool under Chinese Master Ynag Kuk Jin, although some of his peers doubt this assertion. Master Won Kyuk Lee of the Chung Do Kwan, claimed that Kee was a student at his kwan, gaining the equivalent of a green belt. Kee disputed Lee's claim, and acknowledged only Yang Kuk Jin as his teacher. Hwang returned to Korea from China in 1937, he wanted to continue his martial education, but the Japanese occupation limited his options. Throughout the 1930s and 1940s, while working for the Cho Sun Rail Way Bureau, he began to study Okinawan Karate by reading books available at the local library.
Founding of His Moo Duk Kwan (Martial Arts School).
In 1945, grandmaster Hwang Kee formed his first school. Initially he titled his first school Hwa Soo Do ("Flowering Hand Way") Moo Duk Kwan, and his first two attempts at running a school were unsuccessful. In the early 1950s, he changed the name of his school to Tang Soo Moo Duk Kwan because Tang Soo (a direct Korean translation of Chinese and Japanese "Empty Hand") was more familiar to Koreans from their exposure to Japanese martial arts. Much of the philosophy and many of the original forms (poomse) and techniques were direct derivations of Shotokan Karate, first created by Gichin Funakoshi. 
In 1957, Kee claimed to have made several major discoveries in his reading the four hundred-page woodblock print Muye Dobo Tongji. The Muye Dobo Tongji was a book commissioned in 1790 by King Jeongjo of Korea, which illustrated indigenous Korean martial arts. Hwang Kee incorporated these teachings into his Tang Soo Do discipline and re-named the art he created Soo Bahk Do. By 1953 and onward until 1960, the Moo Duk Kwan had risen to become biggest Moo Do organization in Korea, with close to 75% of all martial artists in Korea practicing Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan. In 1960, the Korean Soo Bahk Do Association was incorporated and registered with the Korean government as the traditional Korean martial art.
During the 50th anniversary celebration of the founding of the Moo Duk Kwan in 1995, Hwang Kee officially renamed the art from Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan to Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan.
Philosophy.
A distinctive philosophical component of Soo Bahk Do and some Tang Soo Do systems is the inclusions of guidelines and principles of Daoism (Taoism), created by Laozu and developed by Confucius.
One philosophy that Hwang included throughout his art was that no one could ever reach perfection. This was visible in his decision to use the Midnight Blue Belt over the Black Belt and to never promote nor accept the rank of 10th "dan". This was also due to the fact the Koreans thought of black as the color of death (its also mean't perfection which humans are never perfect) , but the midnight blue sky was limitless, just like the training and knowledge that one could practice in a lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="2888018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2888018" title="Penguins &amp; Polarbears">
Penguins &amp; Polarbears

"Penguins & Polarbears" is a song by the Swedish punk rock band Millencolin from the album "Pennybridge Pioneers". It was released as a single on January 24, 2000 by Burning Heart Records, including two b-sides from the album's recording sessions, "Queen's Gambit" and "Dinner Dog". An accompanying music video for "Penguins & Polarbears" was also filmed and released. In Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2000 the song was number 41, and was also released on disc 2 for the CD release.
Track listing.
CD single
7" vinyl

</doc>
