<doc id="2886206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886206" title="Mutualista">
Mutualista

Mutualistas were community-based mutual aid societies created by Mexican immigrants in the late 19th century United States. According to media analyst Charles M. Tatum, "mutualistas" "provided most immigrants with a connection to their mother country and served to bring them together to meet their survival needs in a new and alien country. Cultural activities, education, health care, insurance coverage, legal protection and advocacy before police and immigration authorities, and anti-defamation activities were the main functions of these associations.
Sometimes "mutualistas" were part of larger organizations affiliated with the Mexican government or other national associations. One such association included Alianza Hispano-Americana, which, founded in 1894 in Tucson, Arizona Territory, had 88 chapters throughout the Southwestern United States by 1919. Usually "mutualistas" had separate women's auxiliaries, but some, including Club Femenino Orquidia in San Antonio, Texas and Sociedad Josefa Ortiz de Domínguez in Laredo, were founded and run by women.
While Tatum lauds mutualistas for "bringing together Mexican nationals from different social classes to form a common bond, a feat that no organization had been able to achieve in Mexico", there were indeed social divisions within mutualistas. Some, such as Club Mexicano Independencia in Santa Barbara, California, were only open to male citizens of Mexico. Others had elitist membership restrictions.
Many historians describe the "familiar" orientation of "mutualista" societies. They fostered sentiments of unity, mutual protection, and volunteerism. Historian Vicki L. Ruiz sees "mutualistas" as "institutionalized forms of "compadrazgo" and "commadrazgo"", the "concrete manifestations" of which were orphanages and nursing homes.
Some "mutualistas" became politically active in the American Civil Rights Movement. The Comité de Vecinos de Lemon Grove filed a successful desegregation suit against the Lemon Grove School District in 1931. Many of the people that were involved in "mutualismo" were active in the subsequent Chicano student political, and feminist movements. María Hernández, who formed Orden Caballeros de America with her husband Pedro in 1929, later worked on educational desegregation and supported the Raza Unida Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2886212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886212" title="Boys Night Out">
Boys Night Out

Boys' or Boy's Night Out may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886221" title="DSG International">
DSG International

DSG International may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2886222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886222" title="Primera B Nacional">
Primera B Nacional

Primera B Nacional (usually called simply "Nacional B", in English "National B Division") is the second most important category of Argentine football organized by the Argentine Football Association.
It is played by teams from all over the country. Clubs from Buenos Aires surroundings, as well as some from Santa Fe province, are promoted from or relegated to the Primera B Metropolitana ("Metropolitan B Division") while for teams from the other provinces the Torneo Argentino A ("Argentine A Tournament") is the next level down. In the league system of Argentine football, Nacional B is the second-highest league, and from it the three best teams are automatically promoted to Primera División.
History.
It was created in 1985 to integrate unaffiliated clubs into the of Argentine football structure, which until then had only participated in Nacional championships of Argentina's First Division tournament. It brought together teams from the old Primera B (until then, the second division) and regional leagues from several Argentine provinces.
After the 1985/86 season, the Primera B Nacional became the second hierarchical football league in Argentina's professional football, after the First Division, and it is above the Torneo Argentino A and the Primera B or Primera B Metropolitana, the last one started to act as a third division for the teams directly affiliated to AFA.
Format.
The Primera B Nacional tournament had several formats during its history. Since the 2007/08 the competition format follows the usual double round-robin format. During the course of a season, which usually lasts from August to May, each club plays every other club twice, once at home and once away, for a total of 42 games. Teams receive three points for a win, one point for a draw, and no points for a loss. Teams are ranked by total points, with the highest-ranked club at the end of the season crowned champion. In the current format, the champion, the runner-up and the third placed team are automatically promoted to Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="2886226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886226" title="Hamilton Boys' High School">
Hamilton Boys' High School

Hamilton Boys' High School (also named Boys High, chiefly in the school's city, or HBHS, chiefly in the Waikato region) is a boys' secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand and is the largest secondary school in the Waikato region. The school was established as Hamilton High School in 1911 but was later split into separate boys' and girls' schools, with the current school opened in February 1955. The school crest features a lion, sash and star, and bears the motto "Sapiens Fortunam Fingit Sibi" which translates to "a wise man carves his own fortune". The school colours are black and red.
Most of the school's approximately 2300 students are day boys from Hamilton and surrounding townships such as Cambridge, Te Awamutu, and Morrinsville. Around 130 boys are housed in an onsite boarding hostel, Argyle House, which forms one of the six houses into which the school is divided. The boarding house is located on the school grounds, but is essentially a private institution, with students paying approximately $12,000 per year to attend
In 1999 the school appointed Susan Hassall to head the school. In doing so the school became one of the first boys' schools in New Zealand to appoint a female headmaster.
Academic.
The school offers both the state run NCEA and external Cambridge International Examinations for students to undertake.
Sport.
In 2009 the school won the national secondary rugby championship school for the second year in a row defeating St Bede's College in the final 17-0 and went on to win the 2010 Sanix World Rugby Youth Invitational Tournament, beating Truro College 40-8.
Houses.
Hamilton Boys' High School currently has six houses. All of the day boy houses are named after former headmasters of the school.
Enrolment.
Like all previously selective state schools, Hamilton Boys' High School operates an enrolment scheme.
Enrolment was traditionally by academic examination followed by an interview. Alternatively a student might be enrolled if he had a family connection to the school. The school still examines new students but only for the purposes of streaming students.
Notable alumni.
As well as a number of All Blacks and All Whites, the following people are Old Boys of Hamilton Boys' High School:

</doc>
<doc id="2886230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886230" title="Ingo Potrykus">
Ingo Potrykus

Ingo Potrykus is Professor Emeritus of Plant Sciences at the Institute of Plant Sciences of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich from which he retired in 1999. His research group applied gene technology to contribute to food security in developing countries. Together with Peter Beyer, he is one of the co-inventors of golden rice. In 2014 he was chairman of the Golden Rice Humanitarian Board.
Background.
Potrykus was born on December 5, 1933 in Hirschberg im Riesengebirge, Germany. He studied biology at the University of Cologne and earned his doctorate at the Max-Planck Institute for Plant Breeding Research, Cologne, Germany. After several years at the Institute of Plant Physiology, University of Hohenheim, he became research group leader at the Max-Planck Institute for Plant Genetics. Ladenberg, Germany. In 1976 he transferred to Basel, Switzerland to establish the area of plant genetic engineering at the Friedrich Miescher Institute. In 1986 he became professor of plant sciences at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, concentrating on the Biotechnology of Plants. He retired from this institute in 1999 at the age of 65.
Research.
Motivated by the upcoming food crisis problem of malnutrition in developing countries and the potential of gene technology to contribute to food security, Potrykus and his research group dedicated their work to genetic engineering projects aimed at improving yield stability and food quality of crops such as rice, wheat, millet, sorghum, and cassava. The most significant development so far has been the creation of golden rice, a new rice variety providing vitamin A. This strain of rice is widely seen as the model example of how to sustainably reduce malnutrition in developing countries. Potrykus began thinking about using genetic engineering to improve the nutritional qualities of rice in the late 1980s. He knew that of some 3 billion people who depend on rice as their staple crop, around 10% risk some level of vitamin A deficiency. This problem interested Potrykus for numerous reasons, including the scientific challenge of transferring not just a single gene, but a group of genes that represented a key part of a biochemical pathway. In 1993, with funding from the Rockefeller Foundation, Potrykus teamed up with Peter Beyer and they launched what would become a seven year, $2.6 million project to develop Golden Rice.
Since his retirement in 1999, Ingo Potrykus - as president of the International Humanitarian Golden Rice Board - has devoted his energy to guiding Golden Rice towards subsistence farmers across the many hurdles of a GMO-crop. To this end he has been established collaboration with 14 rice institutions in India, China, Vietnam, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and Philippines. In 2013 Potrykus met the Pope who offered his personal blessing to Golden Rice although the Pope was concerned that genetic modification benefited big business rather than the poor.
Personal life.
Potrykus has been married since 1960 to Inge Heilingbrunner. He has three children and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="2886243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886243" title="Emigrant, Montana">
Emigrant, Montana

Emigrant is an unincorporated community in Park County, Montana, United States. As of the 2010 census, the ZIP Code Tabulation Area (59027) for Emigrant had a population of 372. Emigrant is located in southern Montana, on the Yellowstone River, about north of Yellowstone National Park, and south of Livingston.
Geography.
Emigrant is located at an elevation of .
Emigrant relies largely on tourism and sees a reasonable amount of visitors each year. Most of its facilities and services are opened year round.
Emigrant sits between the Absaroka Range and the Gallatin Range in Paradise Valley, Montana. The community is located just a few miles west of Emigrant Peak el. . It is situated between Highway 89 and murphy Lane, making it a crossroads to the Chico Hot Springs Resort, which is situated a few miles Southeast.
Climate.
This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Emigrant has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.
History.
Emigrant is situated very close to the site of defunct Yellowstone City, which was established in 1863 but eventually abandoned and replaced by Chico, sometimes called "Old Chico" or "Chico City," which is situated a few miles South at the mouth of Emigrant Gulch.
The town of Emigrant as it stands today originated as a railroad stop for much of the mining and agricultural activities taking place in the area. It is a much newer community than nearby Chico but has overshadowed Chico due to strategic location. Although the railroad pulled out as transporting freight by truck became standard, Emigrant did not suffer the decline other rural towns in the region had due to its ability to tap into regional tourism. Much of the current structures in Emigrant are newer and well maintained with an "old western" architectural theme.
In August 1864, three emigrants, who came to Montana on the Bozeman Trail, arrived and found men already hard at work mining the creek. The new arrivals decided to try their luck farther up the rugged gulch, finding pay dirt high up the side of Emigrant Peak. The strike caused a stampede that drew several hundred miners and a few women to this remote area deep in Crow Indian country. The miners worked the gravel with moderate success for several weeks before cold weather drove them down to Yellowstone City, near the mouth of Emigrant Gulch.
This settlement was a collection of fifty rough log cabins with dirt roofs and elk hide floors. Supplies ran short during that winter; flour was scarce and tobacco cost $300 a pound, making it worth its weight in gold. The only thing plentiful was venison - for breakfast, lunch, and dinner during the long winter months. In the spring, the shortages ended and the men went back to work on their claims.
By 1866, Yellowstone City had been abandoned due to hostility with the local Indian population and dwindling placer gold. Nothing remains of the town today. The Emigrant Gulch strike was not a fabulous one, but snug stakes rewarded many of the pioneers for their energy and hardships.
Wildlife.
Due to its location by the Yellowstone River, Emigrant is a popular area for fly fishing, and also home to many species, such as American Badger, Black-billed Magpie, deer, elk, and occasionally American Bison and wolves.
From Emigrant, it is only a few miles to the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness, and the Gallatin National Forest. Emigrant's proximity to the national forests, wilderness area, Yellowstone National Park and the Yellowstone River make it an ideal spot for outdoorsmen to visit and live in.
Pop culture.
Much of A River Runs Through It and The Horse Whisperer were filmed in Emigrant.

</doc>
<doc id="2886245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886245" title="RegionsAir">
RegionsAir

RegionsAir was a Part 121 regional airline. Its headquarters and maintenance base were located at the Smyrna Airport in Smyrna, Tennessee, USA|. The hub airports for RegionsAir were Lambert-St. Louis International Airport (STL) and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE).
RegionsAir operated under a code-sharing agreement with TWA and American Airlines to provide flights to communities as AmericanConnection from Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, and as Continental Connection from Cleveland Hopkins International Airport.
RegionsAir ceased all operations on March 8, 2007 and furloughed all of its employees a month later.
History.
RegionsAir was known as Corporate Express Airlines from 1996 to 1998, and then Corporate Airlines from 1998 to 2004. Operating as Corporate Express, it flew for Midway Airlines (JI) providing feed until their 1st shutdown in 2001 and also flew for TWA as Trans World Express out of St. Louis. At that time, the airline was run by Chuck Howell, who is now the President at Great Lakes Airlines. The airline changed its corporate name to RegionsAir in May 2004 to end confusion with similarly named airlines. RegionsAir had been the air service provider for many small communities as part of the Federally-subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) program.
On October 7, 2005 Viva International, an aviation holding company, issued an irrevocable Letter of Intent to Purchase RegionsAir for an undisclosed sum, but nothing ever became of the LOI.
RegionsAir operated under a code-sharing agreement with American Airlines to provide flights to communities as AmericanConnection from Lambert-St. Louis International Airport until March 2007. At that time, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded the airline, saying there had been problems with the airline's training and certification program.
Incidents and accidents.
On October 19, 2004 Corporate Airlines Flight 5966 crashed on approach to Kirksville, Missouri. Thirteen people died and two were injured. The NTSB has determined pilot error to be the cause of this accident.
On March 2, 2007 the local Airline's FSDO office, FAA officials in DC, and the airline got into a disagreement over wording in the airline's training manuals. The airline voluntarily ceased scheduled operations until the items could be clarified. FAA officials found no discrepancies when they went over all pilots records. In the end, about 35 of the airline's flights were canceled that Saturday.
On March 8, 2007 at 4:36pm the FAA again grounded RegionsAir due to discrepancies in the airlines training procedures for line-check airmen. As a result of this second grounding within one week, several regional airports serviced by RegionsAir announced intentions to replace the airline with other regional carriers.

</doc>
<doc id="2886253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886253" title="Xara Xtreme LX">
Xara Xtreme LX

Xara Xtreme LX was an open source version of the commercial 2D vector graphics editor Xara Xtreme. The abbreviation "LX" stands for Xara Xtreme "on Linux" and was retained in some places such as the executable "xaralx".
History.
The first version was released for Linux in October 2005, and Xara Group Ltd announced it will release the source code of the trimmed down version under a free software licence, the GPL, and seek community help in porting it over to Linux and Mac OS X using the wxWidgets toolkit.
At the opening of the Libre Graphics Meeting 2006 in Lyon, France, Xara released most of the source code of Xara Xtreme for Linux in an updated website with details on how to access the sources. According to the Xara Xtreme for Linux homepage, the released source code contained "the majority of the Xara Xtreme source code" excluding the CDraw rendering engine only available in the form of static GCC libraries for a few selected CPU architectures. The 0.3 beta series allowed use of the .xar file format. 
The last beta version was 0.7. The progress of the Linux version has stalled and the program's website has not been updated since August 2006. Xara Group Ltd's CEO, Charles Moir, confirmed on 15 Feb 2007 on the Xara developer mailing list why CDraw source code wouldn't be released: "For a number of reasons, one significant reason being commercial risk outlined earlier" this list.
A new project, "xarino", was created in December 2008, which provides access to the project's source code. A new mailing list was established in May 2009.
Community replaced CDraw library with open source Cairo library in May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2886255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886255" title="San Bruno Mountain">
San Bruno Mountain

San Bruno Mountain in northern San Mateo County, California is the northernmost part of the Santa Cruz Mountains. Most of the mountain lies within the San Bruno Mountain State Park, a unique open-space island in the midst of the San Francisco Peninsula's urbanization. Next to the state park is the state San Bruno Mountain Ecological Reserve on the north slope. It is near the southern boundary of San Francisco, surrounded by the cities of South San Francisco, Daly City, Colma, and Brisbane.
San Bruno Mountain is topped by a four mile long ridge. Trails to the summit afford expansive views of the San Francisco Bay Area. Radio Peak (elevation ) is the highest point, hosting several radio broadcast towers, KTSF television, ION's KKPX television and NBC's KNTV Television, serving a huge area that would otherwise have poor service in the hilly Bay Area region.
The mountain provides habitat for several species of rare and endangered plants and butterflies. The endangered San Bruno elfin butterfly inhabits this mountain and a few other locations. The distinct Franciscan fog zone plants of San Bruno Mountain set it apart from other California coastal areas.
Recorded history.
The Portola expedition visited San Francisco Bay in 1769. The expedition is usually considered the first European presence in the area. Five years later Fernando Rivera and four soldiers climbed the mountain and watched sunrise across the bay. The mountain was named by Bruno de Heceta for his patron saint.
San Bruno Mountain consists of portions of five Mexican land grants; the southernmost being Rancho Buri Buri. Jose Antonio Sanchez, who rode by mule as a child from Sonora, Mexico was given Rancho Buri Buri in 1827, with confirmation in 1835. Rancho Buri Buri extended from the bay salt flats to San Andreas Valley and from Colma to Burlingame. Rancho Canada de Guadalupe la Visitacion y Rodeo Viejo contained most of the present day San Bruno Mountain; this rancho contains the city of Brisbane, Guadalupe Valley, Crocker Industrial Park, Visitacion Valley and the old rodeo grounds by Islais Creek. In 1835 this rancho was granted to Jacob P. Leese. In 1884 banker Charles Crocker acquired core holdings of this rancho amounting to from Leese's successors, and that land devolved to the Crocker Estate Company, who are the present day owners of San Bruno Mountain. Three other ranchos held minor portions of the northern flank of San Bruno Mountain.
The cities that have grown up around the mountain are San Francisco to the north, Brisbane to the east, South San Francisco to the south and both Daly City and Colma to the west.
Nossaman attorney Robert D. Thornton pioneered the Habitat Conservation Plan (HCP) concept creating the first such plan for the area around San Bruno Mountain.
KRON (Channel 4) was the first television station to place a transmitter tower on Radio Peak, in 1949, followed by KQED and KTVU, though these tenants moved their transmitters to Sutro Tower in the 1970s. A number of FM stations built transmitter towers on the mountain, and in 2005, KNTV moved its transmitter to the mountain, on the former KCSM-TV tower. KTSF occupies the former KRON site.
In the 1960s Save The Bay prevented developers from flattening the mountain to use to fill of San Francisco Bay with landfill for urbanization.
Topography, geology and climate.
The name "San Bruno Mountains" was first affixed by the Geological Survey of California in 1865, describing the place as a short range extending from Sierra Point nearly to the Pacific Ocean.
The mountain itself actually consists of two parallel northwest trending ranges separated by the Guadalupe Valley. These two ranges are united by a saddle at the northern end of Colma Canyon. The northernmost range attains a peak of , while the southern range rises abruptly from Merced Valley at the south to reach Radio peak in a horizontal distance of only . This southern range is often referred to as San Bruno Mountain., while the northern range is called the Crocker Hills.
The region is drained by two major streams: Guadalupe Valley Creek flowing through Guadalupe Valley, and Colma Creek from a source in the Flower Garden into the deep cleft of Colma Canyon and thence into Merced Valley.
In the 1850s San Francisco Bay lapped against the eastern sandstone cliff flank of San Bruno Mountain, whereas today the entire shoreline is bay fill.
These two mountains are underlain primarily with late Cretaceous dark greenish-gray graywacke, a poorly sorted sandstone containing angular rock fragments, about ten percent feldspar and detrital chert. The angular unsorted content implies a rapid erosion and burial in a depositional basin, with an outcome of few fossils. Exposed graywacke can be observed on high ridges and on the steep canyon walls. Radiolarian chert is exposed on certain south facing slopes of San Bruno Mountain and at Point San Bruno.
The most important rock type is serpentine, a greenish soft material that is the California State Rock. Outcrops of this rock are found near Serbian Ravine and at Point San Bruno. Serpentine's importance is its unusual and diverse mineral composition which imparts to associate soils the ability to host rare plants, not usually supported on common soils. Therefore, San Bruno Mountain is a habitat for a variety of uncommon plants, which in turn host even rarer animal life.
Since the climate is dominated by marine air flow, temperatures are milder in the winter and summer on these mountains. Furthermore, summer temperatures are further reduced by the annual appearance of marine fog enshrouding the mountains most mornings between late June and late August; this fog is particularly pronounced on the western slopes. Minimum credible temperature might extend as low as in the sheltered valleys. Winds are higher than on reference locations at surrounding points; in fact, on ridges it is not uncommon for the most fierce winter storms to produce gusts from . Precipitation is similar to surrounding cities, or about per-annum, with approximately 66 days-per-annum realizing perceptible rain. On several occasions the mountain has been temporarily covered by snow, including December 1932, January 1952, January 1957, January 1962, and February 1976.
Vegetation.
There are a variety of habitats in this mountainous area, and notably the following rare or endangered flora:

</doc>
<doc id="2886258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886258" title="Meridian Mail">
Meridian Mail

Meridian Mail was one of the early all-digital voicemail systems, running on Meridian Norstar digital PBX systems from Northern Telecom (later known as Nortel).
In the early 1980s Northern Telecom introduced the Norstar, a scaled-down version of their SL-1 all-digital switch. The Norstar was the first all-digital system suitable for small-sized offices (up to 192 lines), and became one of their major product lines.
The Norstar was powered by a 16 MHz Motorola 68000, and used only a fraction of the CPU's power. Nortel executives were interested in finding ways to use that excess power, as long as their customers paid for the privilege. Nortel asked their research arm, Bell Northern Research (BNR), to look for ways to spend those cycles.
Some time in the mid-1980s a complex project evolved that would deliver a large terminal onto every user's desk, combining a color screen, keyboard and telephone. The Meridian would be used to run various application software in a timesharing fashion. Since the Apple Macintosh had been recently introduced, the system was also to support a rudimentary GUI based on character graphics.
While impressive in concept, the Norstar was simply not up to the task of driving such a system. A similar amount of processing power was needed to drive the single-user Macintosh, so how it is that the BNR developers felt that they could drive multiple terminals as well as telephony from the system is something of a mystery. The system was extremely slow, taking over a minute to open a window for their rather basic spreadsheet for instance. Project managers continued to report the system was on-track and just needed a little more time to complete, even though this was clearly not the case.
After millions had been spent on the project, Nortel management finally gave up and decided to cancel it. In the midst of this a group of three engineers suggested that they could use portions of the system to deliver a voicemail system very quickly, and at least salvage some of the money spent so far. Management accepted the proposal, and the three (two brothers and a longtime friend), styling themselves as the "Toronto Ideas Group", soon had a demonstration system up and running.
As development continued stability appeared to decrease. The developers became increasingly convinced that there was no problem in the system itself, and started to suspect that one of the former project's managers was attempting to make them look bad. In order to test this theory they wired the shutter release of a camera to the reset switch on the machine, placed the camera under a hat, and set up a clock within the camera's view of the machine. They did not have to wait long before they captured a rather clear picture of one of the middle-managers resetting the machine at 2AM. The manager in question was not reprimanded, but instead promoted to another group.
With this problem out of the way the system continued to improve. It was soon on the market and became a major seller, even though it could only be used with the Meridian switches. Only one other company, Octel Communications, now part of Avaya, offered a system competitive with Meridian Mail. While Meridian Mail was successful with smaller customers, Octel had market share leadership in North America, Europe and Japan. This occurred for several reasons: Octel's product line was broader in range (low capacity to very high capacity) whereas the Meridian Mail system only had small and medium capacity; Octel offered networking so larger companies could network all its voicemail systems into one company network; Octel's user interface was simpler to use and contained a much richer feature set; and Octel's systems worked with virtually every PBX in the world whereas Meridian Mail only worked with Nortel PBXs. In addition, Octel had a full voicemail product line for use in cellular networks and central office switches (for home and Centrex use), a market for which Nortel had no product.
Meridian Mail was discontinued by Nortel, and has been replaced by CallPilot, which in fact uses the same features and codes as Meridian Mail, but unlike Meridian Mail, allows newer features such as Unified Messaging. Unlike older Nortel systems, where the Meridian PBXs were assigned Meridian Mail and the Norstar systems were assigned Norstar VoiceMail or Startalk Flash VoiceMail, CallPilot was branded for both the Communication Servers PBX and Business Communication Manager Hybrid/Key telephone systems.
CallPilot was one of the products acquired by Avaya in their purchase of Nortel Enterprise Solutions in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2886260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886260" title="Justin Lo">
Justin Lo

Justin Lo (born 1 July 1976) is a Hong Kong American Cantopop singer-songwriter, actor and record producer working in Hong Kong.
Biography.
Lo was born in Syracuse, New York, and moved to Hong Kong with his parents when he was two years old. He studied at St Paul's Co-educational Primary School and St. Paul's Co-educational College. In 1989, Lo moved to Seattle, Washington, in the United States to further his studies. He spent two years in the University of Washington and finished his degree in Graphics Design at Rhode Island School of Design in Providence, Rhode Island in 1999. After graduation, he worked as a web designer at Yahoo! in Sunnyvale, California.
Lo grew up in a family where music has always played an important role. His uncle, Ted Lo, is a famous music arranger and record producer in Hong Kong. In addition, the singer song writer was a member in the Hong Kong Children's Choir, and he developed vast interest in music as he was growing up. In 1981, composer Joseph Koo Ka-Fai invited Justin, aged 5 at the time, and his younger sister Roxane to sing in a commercial for Barbie.
Lo felt the work at Yahoo! was exciting, but because his true interest lay in creating music, he decided to move back to Hong Kong to pursue his dream.
In 2006, Lo made his feature film debut with "Love @ First Note", co-starring alongside youthful singers such as Kary Ng, Alex Fong, Stephy Tang, and Theresa Fu. That same year, Lo also co-starred in "2 Become 1" opposite Miriam Yeung and Richie Ren.
Name variations.
Lo was born as Lo Ting Wai, and has the English name Justin. His Chinese stage name "Zak Tin" (側田) derives from the transliteration of his English name. He is also credited as "Justin Lo".
Music.
For a while Lo did some freelance design work while sending numerous demo tapes to record and label companies. In 2003, his uncle Ted Lo introduced him to Mark Lui, one of the most popular pop-composers and producers in Hong Kong. Recognizing the talent in Justin, Mark Lui signed him to his music producing company On Your Mark Ltd and Lo officially began his musical career in Hong Kong. He produced the album "Day & Night" for Janice (衛蘭) and wrote two songs "大雄" and "傷追人" for Leo Ku.
In 2005, he performed in an a cappella section in Ku's Solid Gold Hits Concert. His outstanding performance was validated by Mr. Paco Wong from Gold Label Music Ltd. and Wong signed him up as a singer. His plugged songs "好人" (Good Person), "Erica", "命硬" (Hard Life) and "我有今日" (I Got It Going For Myself) (he wrote the latter three) received very positive responses. He is considered as one of the leading contenders of this year's New Male Artist Award.
His debut CD album "Justin" was released on 29 November 2005. Over half of the songs found in this album are written by him. It was a hit: 15,000 copies were sold on the first day. Sales reached 25,000 copies on 20 December 2005.
He held his debut concert in the Hong Kong Coliseum on 26 March 2006. The title of the show is One Good Show. The tickets were sold out in just within 10 minutes at 13 February and thus two more concerts XX( his 2nd and 3rd concert in 2006 )had been held on 18 & 19 April 2006.
In Sydney, Australia, in May 2006, he was in a concert, accompanied by Stephy Tang, Alex Fong and Wilfred Lau at Sydney Entertainment Centre and Melbourne Arts Centre on the 19 and 21 May 2006 respectively. The title of the concert was J.A.W.S.: each letter representing the first letter of each artist.
Justin held his fourth concert in Canton, China on 1 September 2006. The title of the concert was "Watson's Distilled Water: Listen to Justin Sing", followed by another show with the same title in Hong Kong Exhibition Center( his 5th concert for 2006) on Sept 13,2006.
His sixth concert was held in Macau on 21 October 2006, One Good Show.
His seventh concert in 2006 will be held in Malaysia on 24 December 2006. Title of the show is Justin Christmas Party Concert 2006, at the MIECC, The Mines in Malaysia. His seventh concert in February 2007, titled "Justin In Love With Hong Kong Philharmonic" was again in the Hong Kong Coliseum, and were sold out as well. His eighth concert was on 14 February 2007, held at Macau's Open Coliseum.
Justin released his second album, "No Protection", on 24 March 2006, two days before his debut concert "One Good Show" in the Hong Kong Coliseum.
In 2007 and 2008, he performed at the S.U.C.C.E.S.S. Charity Gala at Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada with many other artists.
Also, Justin went on a 3rd visit to Sydney to have another performance on the 26 May 2007 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre with Theresa Fu.
Justin's third album, "JTV", was released in November 2007. Current hits from this new album include "男人KTV" and "紅地氈."
From 1–7 October 2008, Justin will be holding another concert titled "Air Justin Live 08" in Hong Kong. Again releasing his new album, "阿田" one day prior to the first show of his concert.
Justin will be holding two concerts next year from January 27 through 28 at Hong Kong Coliseum, titled "Justin Around the World 2011". This will be his third time holding a concert at the Hong Kong Coliseum. This concert is sponsored by Philip Stein. Justin will be using a variety kind of music, including rock, Bollywood and much more. He plans to invite musicians rather than singers.
Justin Lo announced officially in January that he will be leaving Hong Kong, temporarily ending his music career there and continuing his music career in Beijing. He stated that he will continue to release Cantonese albums, but he is now based in Beijing and not Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="2886263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886263" title="All-Russian Committee for Defence of Kuriles">
All-Russian Committee for Defence of Kuriles

All-Russian Committee for Defence of Kuriles (in Russian: "Всероссийский комитет защиты Курил") is an association in Russia, formed by the 1992 Communist Party of the Soviet Union of Sergei Skvortsov to politically counter the Japanese claims to the Kuriles. It credits itself with having forced president Boris Yeltsin to cancel a trip to Japan.
The association was reconstructed in the early 2000s, their website having press releases dating back to 2001. Skvortsov is the chairman of the association.

</doc>
<doc id="2886264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886264" title="Core business">
Core business

The core business of an organization is an idealized construct intended to express that organization's "main" or "essential" activity. 
The corporate trend in the mid-20th Century of acquiring new enterprises and forming conglomerates enabled corporations to reduce costs funds and similar investment vehicles, and sometimes the following of a popular trend among corporate management seeking to appear current and impress investors.
Core business process means that a firm's success depends not only on how well each department performs its work, but also on how well the company manage to coordinate departmental activities to conduct the core business process, which is;
1. The market-sensing process
Meaning all activities in gathering marketing intelligence and acting on the information.
2. The new-offering realization process
Covering all activities in research, development and launching new quality offerings quickly and within budget.
3. The customer acquisition process
all the activities defining the target market and prospecting for new customers
4. The customer relationship management process
all the activities covering building deeper understanding, relationships and offerings to individual customers.
5. The fulfillment management process
all the activities in receiving and approving orders, shipping out on time and collecting payment.
To be successful, a firm needs to look for competitive advantages beyond its own operations.
The firm needs to look at the competitiveness value chain of suppliers, distributors and customers.
Many companies today have partnered with specific suppliers and distributors to create a superior value delivery network.
References.
Kotler & Keller, Marketing management, 2009, p76
See also.
Core competency

</doc>
<doc id="2886267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886267" title="Flums">
Flums

Flums is a municipality in the "Wahlkreis" (constituency) of Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.
It is close to a large shopping complex and also is the gateway to a large skiing resort called "Flumserberg".
History.
Flums is first mentioned in 765 as "Flumini".
Geography.
Flums has an area, , of . Of this area, 51.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while 32.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (12.1%) is non-productive (rivers or lakes).
The municipality is located in the Sarganserland "Wahlkreis". Until 2002 it was the capital of the Sargans district. In terms of area, it is the third largest municipality in the canton. Flums covers from the Schils valley to the border with the Canton of Glarus, part of the Flumserberge, part of the Seez valley and the western slope of the Alvier chain. It consists of the village sections of Flums-Dorf, Grossberg and Kleinberg.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Trierced per fess Or, Sable and Argent."
Demographics.
Flums has a population (as of ) of . , about 23.0% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Of the foreign population, (), 20 are from Germany, 126 are from Italy, 688 are from ex-Yugoslavia, 14 are from Austria, 46 are from Turkey, and 77 are from another country. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -0.3%. Most of the population () speaks German (86.9%), with Albanian being second most common ( 8.1%) and Italian being third ( 1.5%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 4,242 speak German, 9 people speak French, 75 people speak Italian, and 4 people speak Romansh.
The age distribution, , in Flums is; 691 children or 14.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 740 teenagers or 15.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 584 people or 12.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 752 people or 15.4% are between 30 and 39, 629 people or 12.9% are between 40 and 49, and 572 people or 11.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 395 people or 8.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 332 people or 6.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 163 people or 3.3% who are between 80 and 89, and there are 24 people or 0.5% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 52% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (21.1%), the SP (10.9%) and the FDP (8.1%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Flums about 57.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Out of the total population in Flums, , the highest education level completed by 1,372 people (28.1% of the population) was Primary, while 1,465 (30.0%) have completed Secondary, 298 (6.1%) have attended a Tertiary school, and 274 (5.6%) are not in school. The remainder did not answer this question.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Gräpplang (a prehistoric hilltop settlement and a ruined medieval castle), the Chapel of St. Jakob and the catholic church of St. Justus are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Transportation.
The municipality is located on the A3 motorway.
Economy.
, Flums had an unemployment rate of 1.04%. , there were 339 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 152 businesses involved in this sector. 996 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 65 businesses in this sector. 861 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 149 businesses in this sector. the average unemployment rate was 3.9%. There were 354 businesses in the municipality of which 68 were involved in the secondary sector of the economy while 147 were involved in the third. there were 1,403 residents who worked in the municipality, while 945 residents worked outside Flums and 664 people commuted into the municipality for work.
Religion.
From the , 3,480 or 71.3% are Roman Catholic, while 380 or 7.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there are 5 individuals (or about 0.10% of the population) who belong to the Christian Catholic faith, there are 92 individuals (or about 1.88% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 30 individuals (or about 0.61% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 614 (or about 12.58% of the population) who are Islamic. There are 5 individuals (or about 0.10% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), 139 (or about 2.85% of the population) belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 137 individuals (or about 2.81% of the population) did not answer the question.

</doc>
<doc id="2886269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886269" title="Chris Calhoun">
Chris Calhoun

Chris Calhoun, a Korean War veteran, was born in Opa-locka, Florida in 1934.
Calhoun was committed to a Florida State Hospital, Chattahoochee, located in Gadsden County in 1956 following a failed suicide attempt. He suffered from what now is known as post-traumatic stress syndrome. He was later released in 1962 after he spurred an investigation leading to state mental health care reforms.
While at Chattahoochee, Calhoun described the conditions inside the hospital as a hellish prison atmosphere through letters he wrote that were passed outside the hospital walls via visitors and friendly staff. He wrote of events along the lines of how he had been raped by other patients, how staffers encouraged patients to fight with one another and then had subdued them by choking, and how at least seven patients had died while he was there. Some of the patients died from the choking sessions.
The abuse eventually was exposed by "The Tampa Tribune". Governor Farris Bryant ordered an investigation that led to reforms in the early 1960s.
Calhoun moved to Los Angeles after his release. He was then inspired to tell the world his experiences. He did maintenance work for a theater chain in hopes that he would be able to meet members of the film industry who could assist him in his movie and book goals.
He came to meet screenwriter James Hicks, who agreed to write a script. It was turned down by several major studios before being accepted by Hemdale Film Corporation, a small British-owned, Los Angeles-based company that also produced "Platoon", "Hoosiers", "The Last Emperor", and "Salvador". 
The movie based on Chris Calhoun, entitled "Chattahoochee", stars Dennis Hopper and Gary Oldman, who plays Emmitt Foley, a fictional character based on Calhoun. It appeared in theaters nationwide in 1990.
Chris Calhoun continues to provide a voice for mental patients through various channels. He voices the need for hospitals to better itself concerning caring for the mentally ill.

</doc>
<doc id="2886273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886273" title="Corecom">
Corecom

Corecom () was a chain of hard-currency stores during the Communist rule in Bulgaria (1944–1989). Goods were often priced cheaper than in the West, however, they were still inaccessible for most Bulgarians because the national currency, the lev, was not accepted at the stores. Apart from western diplomats and visitors, access to hard currency was a privilege of the nomenklatura (small, elite subset of the general population) and a few other people who were authorized to travel abroad or do business with Westerners. Anyone purchasing goods at Corecom but not authorized to possess foreign currency ran the risk of investigation by the authorities.
The stores operated on the same principle as East German Intershops, Czechoslovakian Tuzex, or Polish Pewex stores. In addition to major Western currencies, such as US dollars, Corecom stores also accepted foreign exchange certificates. Western consumer goods sold at these stores were not available at regular retail outlets, including imported spirits and tobacco products (e.g. Scotch whisky and Marlboro cigarettes), consumer electronics (e.g. VCRs and video cameras), cosmetics, clothing, magazines, toys, and even foodstuffs such as Kinder Surprise chocolate eggs (commonly known as "Корекомски яйца" or "Corecom eggs" at the time). There were also Bulgarian products that were either destined exclusively for export or ordinarily required signing up on long waiting lists.
Ironically, by making the significantly greater diversity and quality of Western consumer goods conspicuous yet inaccessible to the vast majority of the population, the communist party elites inadvertently demonstrated not only some of the major constraints of a planned economy, but also the hypocrisy of their anti-Western rhetoric.

</doc>
<doc id="2886280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886280" title="Tetrakis square tiling">
Tetrakis square tiling

In geometry, the tetrakis square tiling is a tiling of the Euclidean plane. It is square tiling with each square divided into four isosceles right triangles from the center point, forming an infinite arrangement of lines. It can also be formed by subdividing each square of a grid into two triangles by a diagonal, with the diagonals alternating in direction, or by overlaying two square grids, one rotated by 45 degrees from the other and scaled by a factor of √2.
Conway calls it a kisquadrille, represented by a kis operation that adds a center point and triangles to replace the faces of a square tiling (quadrille). It is also called the Union Jack lattice because of the resemblance to the UK flag of the triangles surrounding its degree-8 vertices.
It is labeled V4.8.8 because each isosceles triangle face has two types of vertices: one with 4 triangles, and two with 8 triangles.
Dual tiling.
It is the dual tessellation of the truncated square tiling which has one square and two octagons at each vertex.
Symmetry.
The symmetry type is:
The edges of the tetrakis square tiling form a simplicial arrangement of lines, a property it shares with the triangular tiling and the bisected hexagonal tiling. These lines form the axes of symmetry of a reflection group (the wallpaper group *442 or p4m), which has the triangles of the tiling as its fundamental domains. This group is isomorphic to, but not the same as, the group of automorphisms of the tiling, which has additional axes of symmetry bisecting the triangles and which has half-triangles as its fundamental domains.
Applications.
A 5 × 9 portion of the tetrakis square tiling is used to form the board for the Malagasy board game Fanorona. In this game, pieces are placed on the vertices of the tiling, and move along the edges, capturing pieces of the other color until one side has captured all of the other side's pieces. In this game, the degree-4 and degree-8 vertices of the tiling are called respectively weak intersections and strong intersections, a distinction that plays an important role in the strategy of the game. A similar board is also used for the Brazilian game Adugo, and for the game of Hare and Hounds.
The tetrakis square tiling was used for a set of commemorative postage stamps issued by the United States Postal Service in 1997, with an alternating pattern of two different stamps. Compared to the simpler pattern for triangular stamps in which all diagonal perforations are parallel to each other, the tetrakis pattern has the advantage that, when folded along any of its perforations, the other perforations line up with each other, making repeated folding possible.
This tiling also forms the basis for a commonly used "pinwheel", "windmill", and "broken dishes" patterns in quilting.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
It is topologically related to a series of polyhedra and tilings with face configuration V"n".6.6.

</doc>
<doc id="2886282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886282" title="Cinven">
Cinven

Cinven is a leading European private equity firm founded in 1977 with offices in Guernsey, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Milan, Luxembourg and Hong Kong.
Currently, the company has raised five funds, with the last one signing up 5 billion euros. Cinven is solely focused on European acquisitions and buyouts, with investment coming from over 111 institutional investors from 22 countries. 
Cinven’s funding base originally came solely from three UK pension funds (British Coal, the Railway Industry and Barclays Bank) who remain as important investors. Cinven has been reported to originally stand for "Coal Investment Nominees' for Venture Capital".
Cinven invests in six sectors on an international basis: Business Services; Consumer; Financial Services; Healthcare; Industrials; and TMT.
Investments.
Cinven is a european private equity firm based in London. Some of the recent acquisitions include:

</doc>
<doc id="2886290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886290" title="Old Supreme Court Building, Singapore">
Old Supreme Court Building, Singapore

The Old Supreme Court Building (Chinese: 最高法院大厦) is the former courthouse of the Supreme Court of Singapore, before it moved out of the building and commenced operations in the new building on 20 June 2005. The building was the last structure in the style of classical architecture to be built in the former British colony. It is planned to become an arts and cultural centre in future, with plans to refurbish the building.
History.
Many colonial-built houses were built before the courthouse was constructed in the 1930s, in addition to the Grand Hotel de l'Europe, which was demolished to make way for the new building. Raffles initially designated the site for public use, but his administrator in Singapore, Willam Farquhar, allowed private residences to be constructed there. By the 1830s, houses built in Madras chunam lined the streets that faced the sea. The residence of Edward Boustead designed by George Drumgoole Coleman stood there. The house was remodeled to become hotels of several names, namely London Hotel, Hotel de l'Esperance and later Hotel de l'Europe. However, these houses made way for the Grand Hotel de l'Europe in 1900, the only other hotel in Singapore that could be comparable with the landmark Raffles Hotel. The Grand Hotel boasted a lounge, reading room, a bar, shops and a roof garden, a novelty at that time. In 1932, the hotel's business declined and filed for bankruptcy. It made way in 1936 for the present building, the former building had good views of the Padang from its verandah.
On 1 April 1937, the original foundation stone of the Old Supreme Court Building, (then the biggest foundation stone in the whole of Malaya) was laid by the Governor of the Straits Settlements, Sir Shenton Whitelegge Thomas. Buried beneath the stone, is a time capsule containing six Singaporean newspapers dated 31 March 1937, and a handful of coins of the Straits Settlements. The capsule is not due to be retrieved until the year 3000.
The building was declared open on 3 August 1939 by Sir Shenton Thomas and handed over to the Chief Justice, Sir Percy McElwaine, on the same day. The courthouse had 11 courtrooms and adjoining judges' chambers. In 1988, a further 12 courtrooms from the City Hall were transferred to the Supreme Court to accommodate the needs of the main courthouse, as it needed more courtrooms.
The building used to have many premises before moving to the premises at City Hall. Dorrington Ward's plan was to demolish the Singapore Cricket Club, Old Parliament House and the Victoria Theatre and Concert Hall to make way for a grand government scheme designed by his department. However, this plan was interrupted by the onset of World War II.
The Old Supreme Court Building, together with the adjacent City Hall, was slated be converted into the National Art Gallery of Singapore by 2012.
Architecture and design.
Built in front of the historical Padang grounds between 1937 and 1939, the Old Singapore Supreme Court building was designed by Frank Dorrington Ward of the Public Works Department of Singapore, and was his last and most significant piece of work.
The former courthouse features Corinthian columns, classical design, and spacious interiors with murals by the Italian artists. The four-storey steel structure was erected by United Engineers. The building consists of four blocks surrounding a central courtyard which houses the circular law library with its significant dome and Travertine columns supporting two balconies on two levels. Behind the main dome, there is a smaller dome.
The pediment sculpture (an allegory of justice) which characterized the Supreme Court is a work by Florentine sculptor Augusto Martelli. 
The Corinthian columns are works by Cavaliere Rudolfo Nolli. Nolli also carried works for the general building, pre-cast works, imitation stone sculptures, artistic decorations, special plastering and bush-hammered facing works.

</doc>
<doc id="2886291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886291" title="Ten thousand martyrs">
Ten thousand martyrs

The ten thousand martyrs of Mount Ararat were, according to a medieval legend, Roman soldiers who, led by Saint Acacius, converted to Christianity and were crucified on Mount Ararat in Armenia by order of the Roman emperor. The story is attributed to the ninth century scholar Anastasius Bibliothecarius.
In the Roman Catholic Church the martyrs are commemorated on March 18 and June 22, according to entries in the "Roman Martyrology". 
In the Greek Orthodox Church the "Great Synaxaristes" has a reference on June 1 for the "The Holy Ten Thousand Martyrs" in Antiochia, under the Roman Emperor Decius.
Despite its questionable veracity, the event was extremely popular in Renaissance art, as seen for example in the painting "10,000 martyrs of Mount Ararat" by the Venetian artist Vittore Carpaccio, or in the "Martyrdom of the Ten Thousand" by the German artist Albrecht Dürer.

</doc>
<doc id="2886296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886296" title="XEX-AM">
XEX-AM

XEX-AM (730 AM, TDW Radio) is a 100 kW all-sports radio station based in Mexico City, Mexico. The sports format started in 1999 as "Super Deportiva" on 1180 AM; later, it moved to 830 AM ("Estadio 830") and 590 AM ("Estadio 590"). In 2003 the format settled at XEX and is known as Estadio W until 2012 when it adopted the branding to TDW.
During the 1940s, XEX was affiliated with the Mutual Radio Network as its Latin American flagship; its sister stations were also flagship stations of Latin American networks of competing radio networks, XEW-AM with NBC and XEQ-AM with CBS. XEX was also affiliated with ABC. All three have been owned by Televisa Radio for decades. Starting in the late 1950s, XEX-AM became a Top 40 radio station with the branding of "Los 40 Principales"; the CHR format and "Los 40 Pricipales" branding later broadcasts on XEX-FM 101.7. 
Motto.
The motto of the station is: "El único estadio con capacidad para más de 80 millones de aficionados" (The only stadium with a capacity for more than 80 million fans).

</doc>
<doc id="2886302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886302" title="Einstein synchronisation">
Einstein synchronisation

Einstein synchronisation (or Poincaré–Einstein synchronisation) is a convention for synchronising clocks at different places by means of signal exchanges. This synchronisation method was used already by telegraphers in the middle 19th century, but was popularized by H. Poincaré and A. Einstein who applied it to light signals and recognized its fundamental role in relativity theory. Its principal value is for clocks within a single inertial frame.
Einstein.
According to Albert Einstein's prescription from 1905, a light signal is sent at time formula_1 from clock 1 to clock 2 and immediately back, e.g. by means of a mirror. Its arrival time back at clock 1 is formula_2. This synchronisation convention sets clock 2 so that the time of signal reflection is formula_3.
The same synchronisation is achieved by "slowly" transporting a third clock from clock 1 to clock 2, in the limit of vanishing transport velocity. The literature discusses many other thought experiments for clock synchronisation giving the same result.
The problem is whether this synchronisation does really succeed in assigning a time label to any event in a consistent way. To that end one should find conditions under which
(a) clocks once synchronised remain synchronised,
(b1) the synchronisation is reflexive, that is any clock is synchronised with itself (automatically satisfied), 
(b2) the synchronisation is symmetric, that is if clock A is synchronised with clock B then clock B is synchronised with clock A, 
(b3) the synchronisation is transitive, that is if clock A is synchronised with clock B and clock B is synchronised with clock C then clock A is synchronised with clock C.
If point (a) holds then it makes sense to say that clocks are synchronised. Given (a), if (b1)–(b3) hold then the synchronisation allows us to build a global time function t. The slices t=const. are called "simultaneity slices".
Einstein (1905) did not recognize the possibility of reducing (a) and (b1)–(b3) to easily verifiable physical properties of light propagation (see below). Instead he just wrote ""We assume that this definition of synchronism is free from contradictions, and possible for any number of points; and that the following" (that is b2–b3) "relations are universally valid"." For this reason, and since more recent developments are not so well known, some physical papers still present the assumption of consistency of Einstein synchronisation among the postulates of relativity theory.
Max Von Laue was the first to study the problem of the consistency of Einstein's synchronisation (for an account of the early history see ). 
L. Silberstein presented a similar study although he left most of his claims as an exercise for the readers of his textbook on relativity. 
Max von Laue's arguments were taken up again by H. Reichenbach, and found a final shape in a work by A. Macdonald. The solution is that the Einstein synchronisation satisfies the previous requirements if and only if the following two conditions hold
(i) No redshift: If from point A two flashes are emitted after a time interval Dt as recorded by a clock at A, then they reach B separated by a time interval Dt as recorded by a clock at B.
(ii) Reichenbach's round-trip condition: If a light beam is sent over the triangle ABC, starting from A (and through reflection with mirrors at B and C) then the event of return at A is independent of the direction followed (ABCA or ACBA).
Once clocks are synchronised one can measure the one-way light speed. However, the previous conditions that guarantee the applicability of Einstein's synchronisation do not imply that the one-way light speed turns out to be the same all over the frame. Consider 
(iii) Von Laue and Weyl's round-trip condition: The time needed by a light beam to traverse a closed path of length L is L/c, where L is the length of the path and c is a constant independent of the path.
A theorem (whose origin can be traced back to von Laue and Weyl) states that Laue-Weyl's round trip condition holds if and only if the Einstein synchronisation can be applied consistently (i.e. (a) and (b1)–(b3) hold) and the one-way speed of light with respect to the so synchronised clocks is a constant all over the frame. The importance of Laue-Weyl's condition stands on the fact that the time there mentioned can be measured with only one clock thus this condition does not rely on synchronisation conventions and can be experimentally checked. Indeed, it is experimentally verified that the Laue-Weyl round-trip condition holds throughout an inertial frame.
Since it is meaningless to measure a one-way velocity prior to the synchronisation of distant clocks, experiments claiming a measure of the one-way speed of light can often be reinterpreted as verifying the Laue-Weyl's round-trip condition.
The Einstein synchronisation looks this natural only in inertial frames. One can easily forget that it is only a convention. In rotating frames, even in special relativity, the non-transitivity of Einstein synchronisation diminishes its usefulness. If clock 1 and clock 2 are not synchronised directly, but by using a chain of intermediate clocks, the synchronisation depends on the path chosen. Synchronisation around the circumference of a rotating disk gives a non vanishing time difference that depends on the direction used. This is important in the Sagnac effect and the Ehrenfest paradox. The Global Positioning System accounts for this effect.
A substantive discussion of Einstein synchronisation's conventionalism is due to Reichenbach. Most attempts to negate the conventionality of this synchronisation are considered refuted, with the notable exception of Malament's argument, that it can be derived from demanding a symmetrical relation of causal connectibility. Whether this settles the issue is disputed.
History: Poincaré.
Some features of the conventionality of synchronization were anticipated by Henri Poincaré. In 1898 (in a philosophical paper) he argued that the postulate of light speed constancy in all directions is useful to formulate physical laws in a simple way. He also showed that the definition of simultaneity of events at different places is only a convention. Based on those conventions, but within the framework of the now superseded aether theory, Poincaré in 1900 proposed the following convention for defining clock synchronisation: 2 observers A and B, which are moving in the aether, synchronise their clocks by means of optical signals. Because of the relativity principle they believe to be at rest in the aether and assume that the speed of light is constant in all directions. Therefore they have to consider only the transmission time of the signals and then crossing their observations to examine whether their clocks are synchronous.
In 1904 Poincaré illustrated the same procedure in the following way:

</doc>
<doc id="2886307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886307" title="Peter F. Rothermel">
Peter F. Rothermel

Peter Frederick Rothermel (July 8, 1817 – August 15, 1895) was an American painter.
Biography.
Rothermel was born in Nescopeck, Pennsylvania in 1817, although some date his birth earlier, in 1813 or 1814. He had a common-school education, and studied land surveying. At age 20, he moved to Philadelphia and became a sign painter. Then at age 22, he took up the study of art. He was instructed in drawing by John Rubens Smith, and subsequently became a pupil of Bass Otis in Philadelphia.
His 1844 work "De Soto discovering the Mississippi" was purchased by the Art Union and marked his first success as an artist. He served as vice president of the Artists' Fund Society in 1844 and as director of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts from 1847 to 1855.
During 1856-1859 he was in Europe, residing for about two years in Rome, and visiting also the principal cities in England, France, Germany, Belgium, and Italy. On his return to the United States, he settled in Philadelphia again, and was elected a member of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.
He specialized in portraits and dramatic historical paintings. His most famous paintings include "Patrick Henry before the Virginia House of Burgesses" (1851) and a massive oil painting of the Battle of Gettysburg (finished in 1871) that hangs in the State Museum of Pennsylvania. This latter work was commissioned by Gettysburg lawyer David McConaughy. Another of his more popular historical works is "Columbus Before the Queen", painted in 1844.
In 1877, he moved from Philadelphia to “Grassmere,” his country home near Linfield, Pennsylvania, where he resided until his death. His estate still exists today on Limerick Center Road it is now a residential site. Rothermel's son, Peter F. Rothermel, Jr., was District Attorney of Philadelphia.
Other works.
Besides those mentioned, other works of Rothermel include:

</doc>
<doc id="2886311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886311" title="Budakhan Mindphone">
Budakhan Mindphone

Budakhan Mindphone is a 1999 album by Squarepusher, released on Warp Records. It follows in much the same vein as its predecessor, "Music Is Rotted One Note", and is often classified as an EP due to its relative brevity - the cover refers to it as "a mini-album".

</doc>
<doc id="2886312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886312" title="Elayne Boosler">
Elayne Boosler

Elayne Boosler (born August 18, 1952) is an American comedian and advocate for animal rescue.
Boosler was born into a Jewish family and raised in Brooklyn. She was the youngest child and only daughter of her father, a Russian acrobat, and her mother, a Romanian ballerina. She attended public schools in Brooklyn, including Shellbank Junior High School and Sheepshead Bay High School.
Boosler is married to Bill Siddons, music industry executive and former manager of The Doors.
Career.
Early work.
After a job as a singer/dancer in touring companies and many unsuccessful waitressing jobs, Boosler worked as doorman at The Improvisation comedy club in New York for two and a half years. While working there, she met comedian Andy Kaufman, a regular at the club, who convinced her she should do standup comedy. They lived together in Greenwich Village for three years and remained close friends until Kaufman's death. For her "comedy education" Boosler credits Kaufman as well as her other peers at the time, which included Freddie Prinze, Jay Leno, Larry David, Richard Lewis, Richard Belzer, Jimmie Walker, and Ed Bluestone.
Cable shows.
In 1986, Boosler became the first female to get her own one-hour comedy special on cable when Showtime aired "Party of One." Having no credit cards or borrowing power, Boosler saved her money to produce the special herself when cable executives told her they didn't believe people would tune in to see a female do an hour of comedy. She successfully toured for 50 weeks a year performing a two-hour comedy show. "People magazine" gave it an ‘A’. John J. O’Connor in the "New York Times" wrote, ”How refreshing, a woman who doesn’t have to tear her own skin off for our amusement... an attractive human being simply standing there being funny, the first to feel she doesn’t have to be a grotesque...”
Up to 2011 Boosler has done seven cable specials. Her one-hour standup comedy concert specials for Showtime include “Party of One,” “Broadway Baby,” “Top Tomata” (broadcast live from Omaha and voted Best Comedy Special of the Year by readers of Cable Guide magazine), and “Live Nude Girls.” Her new year’s eve comedy-variety special “Elayne Boosler’s Midnight Hour” was a 90-minute special from a Town Hall in New York and telecast live on Showtime. Elayne has also written, directed, and acted in two half-hour movies for Cinemax: “Comedy From Here” (a drama) and “The Call.”
Boosler hosted the short-lived game show "Balderdash" on PAX (now ION Television). Other television guest-hosting duties include "A.M. San Francisco", "The Late Show", "The Midnight Special", "Comic Strip Live", "Friday Night Videos", "The Gossip Show" on E!, and many specials. She has contributed field pieces to many shows, including 'The Today Show", "Not Necessarily the News", and "Donny and Marie". In the early days of cable, Boosler wrote and hosted the Cable ACE Awards. Her specials were nominated every year they premiered. She has also written and hosted awards shows for the Writer's Guild of America (both west and east), for New York Women in Film and Television twice, for the Pollstar Awards three times, the Daytime Emmys, the "Casting Director's Guild," and many others.
Cable and network television appearances.
Besides her standup comedy career, Boosler has also guest-starred as an actress on "Night Court", "The Cosby Show", "Living Single", "Dear John", "Sisters", and "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist"and done cartoon voiceovers. She guested on Bill Maher's "Politically Incorrect" 32 times. The year before Andy Kaufman's death, she and Kaufman wrote his last special together, "Soundstage: Andy Kaufman", where she and Kaufman performed an interview with Kaufman seated at a desk that towered over her by eight feet. Boosler appeared on HBO's "Comic Relief" for six years. She appeared on ABC's "A Festival at Ford's Theater," entertaining President Bill Clinton and Congress. Her specials ran for years on the BBC, and she has performed twice at the London Palladium once for a live Easter special and once at the Command Performance for the Queen. She was the first comedian chosen by President Clinton to perform at the White House Press Correspondents' dinner during his first year in office.
Political activism.
Boosler is active in liberal politics. On July 11, 2003, she moderated a Democratic presidential candidates debate on C-Span hosted by the National Organization for Women. She is also a frequent contributor to The Huffington Post. She works on behalf of women's reproductive freedom and has been honored by the "Women's Reproductive Rights Assistance Project." She was a frequent guest during election cycles on "Larry King Live" and after-debate roundtables on CNN and local news channels. She appeared frequently on "CNN and Company" For three years she was the permanent guest host for Stephanie Miller on "The Stephanie Miller Show", a progressive radio talk show.
Animal rescue and advocacy.
Boosler began volunteering at Boxer Rescue of Los Angeles in 1995. She eventually joined its Board of Directors and raised the down payment needed for them to buy a rescue kennel. She moved on and founded her own animal rescue and advocacy organization, "(Elayne Boosler's) Tails of Joy" in 2001. "Tails of Joy" is a nonprofit organization that benefits the smallest, neediest rescue organizations and individual cases nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2886314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886314" title="CV postcode area">
CV postcode area

The CV postcode area, also known as the Coventry postcode area, is a group of postcode districts around Atherstone, Bedworth, Coventry, Kenilworth, Leamington Spa, Nuneaton, Rugby, Shipston-on-Stour, Southam, Stratford-upon-Avon and Warwick in England.
__TOC__
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:
! CV1
! CV2
! CV3
! CV4
! CV5
! CV6
! CV7
! CV8
! CV9
! CV10
! CV11
! CV12
! CV13
! CV21
! CV22
! CV23
! CV31
! CV32
! CV33
! CV34
! CV35
! CV36
! CV37
! CV47

</doc>
<doc id="2886316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886316" title="Around the World with Willy Fog">
Around the World with Willy Fog

Around the World with Willy Fog () is a cartoon adaptation of "Around the World in Eighty Days" by Jules Verne. The cartoon was produced by Spanish studio BRB Internacional with animation by Japanese studio Nippon Animation. In the same vein as BRB's "Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds", the characters are anthropomorphisms of various animals as the species depicted are of much greater variety than in that series. The core trio are all felines being pursued by three canine foes. Willy Fog (Phileas Fogg in the original book) is depicted as a lion, while Rigodon (Passepartout) is a cat, and Romy (Aouda) is a panther.
An English dub of the series was directed by Tom Wyner, which featured artists such as Cam Clarke (as Rigadon), Gregory Snegoff (Inspector Dix), Steve Kramer (as Constable Bully) and Mike Reynolds. While the series never achieved popularity in the United States, the English version found fame when it was broadcast on Children's BBC in the United Kingdom. The series was initially screened in 1984 in the UK (and later repeated in 1991) and then on RTE in Ireland, while other dubs gained the series fanbases in several other countries. The series was also dubbed into Japanese and aired on Japan's TV Asahi in 1987, where it was titled .
With all of the international versions, the height of popularity remains in Spain, where in 2008, the series spawned a live-action theatrical musical show in celebration of its 25th anniversary.
Plot.
As with every morning since he moved into Savile Row, Willy Fog awakens at 8:00 am and rings for his servant, only to remember that he fired him the previous day for his inability to follow Fog's precise schedule. He has already arranged an interview for a replacement - former circus performer Rigodon, who is even now rushing towards Fog's house to make his 11:00 am appointment. Rigodon is accompanied by his old circus colleague Tico, who hides within his travelling bag, and prompts him through the interview, which gets off to a bad start when Rigodon arrives four minutes late. Nonetheless, Rigodon is hired by Fog as his butler and soon departs for the Reform Club.
At the club, the main topic of conversation is the recent theft of £55,000 from the Bank of England which was discussed till the bank's governor Mr. Sullivan arrives and requests a change of topic. Sullivan's off-hand remark that the thief is still in London causes the elderly Lord Guinness to bring up an article in the "Morning Chronicle", detailing how it is now possible to travel around the world in eighty days. The article states that one departs London by train for Dover, where one crosses to Calais, and on to Paris. From there, it is a train journey to Brindisi, and the Suez Canal, all within a week. Having rounded the Arabian peninsula, one would arrive in Bombay on day 20 and then a three day railway journey to Calcutta. Hong Kong is reached on day 33, Yokohama on day 39, and then a mammoth three week crossing of the Pacific to arrive in San Francisco on day 61, a week long train crossing to New York and then finally a nine day crossing of the Atlantic back to London making it possible to circumnavigate the globe in eighty days. The other members of the club laugh at Lord Guinness's suggestion that he would take on the challenge if he were younger, prompting Fog to defend his honor by taking up the task himself. Sullivan bets Fog £5,000 that it is impossible, and additional wagers by three other club members increase this amount to £20,000. He then stuns the club by announcing that he will leave that very evening and promises to return to the club by 8:45 pm on 21 December 1872.
Rigodon is less than thrilled to hear the news of their impending trip, having spent his life travelling with the circus. However, he dutifully accompanies his master as they set out, with Tico still in hiding. Little do they know, however, that they are pursued by three individuals determined to halt their progress. Inspector Dix and Constable Bully of Scotland Yard are convinced that Fog is the thief who robbed the Bank of England, and the wicked and conniving Transfer, a saboteur, was hired by Mr. Sullivan to impede Fog's journey in any way.
Differences from the novel.
Despite the addition of three prominent new characters into the story (Tico, Bully and Transfer) and changing the names of the established characters, "Around the World with Willy Fog" remains one of the most accurate adaptations of Verne's novel made for film or television. The cartoon covered essentially all of the major and minor plot points from the novel to an extent that no other adaptation has accomplished. Parts of the novel were slightly modified, usually to incorporate the conniving Transfer's schemes, but the resolution remains the same. The series also expands on the original text, again usually the work of Transfer. Particularly, the villains causes several close shaves for Fog during the European stage of his trip, which passed without incident in the original novel, and is responsible for three incidents during the North American leg of the journey (the buffalo stampede, the collapsing bridge and the attack by American Indians) all of which happen purely by chance in the novel.
Music.
A collection of all themes from every country can be found here: http://www.austerlitz-rock.com/WillyFogg.html. The main theme was composed by a Spanish famous group Mocedades.
Spanish.
Six songs were crafted for the series, composed by background score writers Guido and Maurizio De Angelis and performed by the group Mocedades. The songs were synced with the movement of the animated characters. The eponymous theme song, "La Vuelta al Mundo de Willy Fog", was sung by Fog, Rigodon, Tico and Romy, while Rigodon and Tico also provided the ending theme, "Sílbame" ("Whistle to Me"). Extended versions of both the opening and closing theme tunes were regularly sung by the characters in-show in short musical numbers during the course of the series. As was the "Dix y Transfer" duet in addition two different melodies performed by the protagonists entitled "America America" and "Hay Que Viajar" ("It Is Necessary to Travel"). The sixth song, "Romy", was performed by the titular character, although it only featured in the series in an instrumental form. It would, however, later be used as the closing theme of the sequel series, "Willy Fog 2". The Spanish soundtrack was released in 1984 in LP album, CD and cassette formats. The soundtrack can also be downloaded in Spanish in Mp3 format from Amazon's Spanish website.
English.
The soundtrack was re-recorded for the English dub of the series by parties unknown, re-using the De Angelis's music but with new English lyrics that are similar to the original Spanish. Perhaps most prominently, "Hay Que Viajar" was retitled "Daisy", and became a song about a woman by that name. All six songs were re-recorded in their entirety - even "Romy", which did not appear in the series. The English soundtrack is available to download in Mp3 format from Amazon's UK website.
Japanese.
Two new theme tunes were composed for the Japanese dub of the series, both sung by Keiko Han. The opening theme was entitled "Sky Way", while the closing tune was named "Our Two Watches".
Finnish.
Songs in the Finnish dub were sung by the actors of YLE Import. In the Finnish dub some scenes are cut, which includes musical numbers in some episodes.
Czech.
In Czech some scenes from Willy Fog episodes are cut (songs). But those "deleted scenes" are used in the opening and ending.
Franchise.
Willy Fog 2.
Due to the success of the first series, BRB revisited the franchise ten years later in conjunction with Wang Film Productions in Taiwan, released a sequel series simply titled "Willy Fog 2". The series ran to 26 episodes, and consisted of two separate serialized stories that were based on the original novels.
The first was "Journey to the Centre of the Earth", which played out very similarly to the first series. Again a bet was made with Sullivan - and he sent Transfer to cause havoc. This time, however, more people believed in Willy Fog, although all of them (apart from Lord Guinness) turned against him at times - when reports came back that the volcano they journeyed into was about to erupt. Romy, Tico and Rigadon went with Willy on the voyage again and were joined by Professor Lidenbrock - an expert in archeology and Hans - an Icelandic who acted as a general dogsbody. The team again made it - just in time to win the bet.
The second story was adapted from "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea", and was completely different from the other two. Willy was invited to help investigate strange events as several ships had been attacked by what seemed to be a sea monster. Willy, Romy, Rigadon and Tico went, although soon the ship they were on was invaded and they, alongside Ned the harpoonist and another Professor, were kidnapped by the mysterious Captain Nemo. After having adventures under the sea, they finally escaped.
As production occurred in Taiwan, the Japanese studio who made the first series, Nippon Animation, was not involved in "Willy Fog 2", as is clearly evidenced in its much flatter, brighter, less-nuanced animation. The series re-used the De Angelis's opening theme, with new lyrics to reflect the change of premise, and employed the lyrical version of "Romy" as a closing theme. The series was dubbed into English by the London-based company Village Productions, Ltd, which had worked on dubs of several other contemporary BRB shows, such as "Sandokan". Although the voice cast was entirely new, the group clearly drew upon the Intersound dub of the original series as a source upon which to base the character voices.
Home entertainment releases.
In 1995, BRB Internacional released three "Willy Fog" TV movies - "Around the World in 80 Days", "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea" - each one created by "heavily" editing the first series from roughly 650 minutes in total down to a truncated 75 minutes apiece. All three films were dubbed by Village Productions, who had previously dubbed the second series for the United Kingdom, and later reached the United States on DVD. Notably, the Village Productions dub for the first movie was able to secure use of Intersound's English-language version of the theme tune.
In 2004, Revelation Films released all twenty-six episodes of "Around the World with Willy Fog" on DVD in the UK, across five Region-0-encoded discs. Extras included character profiles, a Jules Verne biography, and bonus episodes of "Arthur! and the Square Knights of the Round Table" and "Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds". In 2005, all five discs were collected in a complete series box set.
Also in 2004, the first nine episodes of "Willy Fog 2" were released on DVD by Direct Video Distribution Ltd. in the UK, across three volumes of three episodes. No further DVDs were released, and the series was left unfinished. This fate affected many other BRB series being released by the distributor at the time, such as "Mort and Phil", "The Untouchables of Elliot Mouse" and "Sandokan".
Willy Fog: The Musical.
"Willy Fog: El Musical" was released in 2008 in celebration of the show's 25th anniversary in its home country of Spain. With the original cartoon soundtrack by the De Angelises, the theatrical performance featured live actors Jaume Ortonobas (Fog), Laura Toledo (Romy) and José Troncoso (Rigodon) in make-up and masks to replicate the anthropomorphic characters of the cartoon. Tico is represented as a puppet manipulated by Celia Vioque. Scripted by original series creator Claudio Biern Boyd and directed by Ricard Reguant, the musical ran twice a day in the Teatro Häagen-Dazs Calderón in Madrid from October 2008; although originally intended only to run until the end of the year, the show's success saw its run extended first until early February 2009, after which it proved so successful that it went on tour around the country until the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2886317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886317" title="CB postcode area">
CB postcode area

The CB postcode area, also known as the Cambridge postcode area, is a group of sixteen postcode districts in England, which are subdivisions of five post towns. These postcode districts cover much of south and east Cambridgeshire (including Cambridge and Ely), plus parts of west Suffolk (including Newmarket and Haverhill) and north-west Essex (including Saffron Walden).
The districts CB21 to CB25 were created in September 2006 from parts of the districts CB1 to CB5.
__TOC__
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:
! CB1
! CB2
! CB3
! CB4
! CB5
! CB6
! CB7
! CB8
! CB9
! CB10
! CB11
! CB21
! CB22
! CB23
! CB24
! CB25

</doc>
<doc id="2886328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886328" title="Freddie Spencer">
Freddie Spencer

Frederick "Freddie" Burdette Spencer (born December 20, 1961), known by the nickname Fast Freddie, is an American former World Champion motorcycle racer. Spencer is regarded as one of the greatest motorcycle racers of the early 1980s.
Biography.
Spencer was born in Shreveport in northwestern Louisiana. He was a racing prodigy who began racing at the age of four, competing in dirt track events near his hometown of Shreveport.
Racing history.
After winning the 1978 250cc U.S. National Road Racing Championship, American Honda signed Spencer to ride for their Superbike team. He gained international prominence at the 1980 U.S. versus Britain Transatlantic Trophy match races when he won two legs at Brands Hatch, defeating World Champions Kenny Roberts and Barry Sheene in the process. In 1981, he split his time between the AMA Superbike series, and the European Grand Prix circuit, helping Honda develop the exotic, oval-cylindered NR500 four-stroke Grand Prix bike.
By 1982, he had been promoted full-time to Honda's Grand Prix team, who by then had given up on the NR500 and developed the NS500 three cylinder, two-stroke. In 1983, Spencer won his first 500cc World Championship at the age of 21, becoming the youngest person to win the title, a distinction previously held by Mike Hailwood. The 1983 season would be remembered as one of the most dramatic title chases in the history of Grand Prix racing; Honda's Spencer and Yamaha's Kenny Roberts fought back and forth for the points lead with each of them earning six victories. The season culminated at the penultimate round in Sweden when the two riders collided on the last lap. Roberts ran off the track leaving Spencer to sprint to the finish line and victory. Roberts won the last race but Spencer finished second, securing his first world title by two points.
In 1984, Honda developed a radically new V4 NSR500 that featured the fuel tank under the engine and the expansion chambers under a false tank above the engine. Teething problems and injuries from crashes hindered Spencer's defense of his crown and he was relegated to fourth place in the championship. In spite of this, he still managed to win three times with the NSR500, and twice more on the NS500 three cylinder machine.
1985 proved to be an historic year for Spencer. He began the season by winning the prestigious season opening Daytona 200, including the 250cc and Superbike classes, making him the only rider to win all three divisions in a single year. Spencer also competed in both the 250cc and 500cc Grand Prix World Championships, winning both titles in the same year. That made him the fifth (& last) rider ever to win in the 500cc & the next class down and, due to class changes, the only rider to win in both 500cc & 250cc in one year. His career was cut short by wrist injuries that some believe were caused by the physical strain of competing in two championships during a single season
After his historic 1985 season, Spencer never won another Grand Prix race. He retired from Grand Prix racing at the beginning of 1988, although there were a couple of abortive GP comeback attempts, in 1989 and 1993.
He returned to race in the AMA Superbike Championship in the 1990s, winning three races. He was eighth in 1991, riding a Honda for Two Brothers Racing, and went one better in 1992. In 1995 he raced a Fast By Ferracci Ducati to ninth, and at the end of the year took over the works Ducati from Mauro Lucchiari in Superbike World Championship.
Spencer raced under several different marques during his racing career, winning his first Superbike National Championship race aboard a Kawasaki, but he is most closely associated with Honda and his partnership with Grand Prix tuner, Erv Kanemoto. He won all three of his world titles on Hondas with Kanemoto as head mechanic. Spencer had a short stint with the Agostini Yamaha team and ended his career on a Ducati in the U.S. National Championship.
Spencer now lives in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he operated a motorcycle riding school at least until October 2008, when financial difficulties led to the school ceasing operations.
Grand Prix career statistics.
Points system from 1968 to 1987.
Points system from 1988 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2886333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886333" title="William Chatterton">
William Chatterton

William Chatterton (27 December 1861 – 19 March 1913) was an English cricketer and footballer. He played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1882 and 1902 and for England in 1891/2. He captained Derbyshire between 1887 and 1889 and scored over 10,000 runs in his first-class career as well as taking over 200 wickets. He played football for Derby County, being one of 19 sportsmen to achieve the Derbyshire Double of playing cricket for Derbyshire and football for Derby County.
Chatterton was born at Thornsett, Birch Vale, Derbyshire, the son of David Chatterton, a cotton mill fireman, and his wife Hannah. In 1881 he was a cotton carrier in the mills at Newton Cheshire. He started playing cricket for Derbyshire in the 1882 season and football for Derby County in 1884.
Chatterton was an inside-forward and played in Derby County's first FA Cup tie against Walsall Town on 8 November 1884, which Derby County lost 7–0. He played many games for the club before the Football League was formed in 1888. He then made five League appearances for Derby County in the first Football League season of 1888–89.
Chatterton was captain of Derbyshire cricket from 1887 to 1889. The club was demoted from first-class status before the 1888 season. In 1891–92 Chatterton toured South Africa. Although it was a winter in which two England sides toured (the other one to Australia), but later the representative games there were raised to Test match status, which meant that Chatterton played one Test match. Chatterton was considered to be almost single-handedly responsible for Derbyshire regaining first-class status in the 1894 season. He finished his cricketing career for Derbyshire in the 1902 season.
Chatterton died of consumption at Flowery Field, Hyde, Cheshire, in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="2886338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886338" title="Crescent (John Coltrane album)">
Crescent (John Coltrane album)

Crescent is a 1964 studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released by Impulse! as A-66. It features his jazz quartet group of McCoy Tyner, Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones playing all original Coltrane compositions, with the leader playing tenor saxophone exclusively. It is commonly regarded as the saxophonist's darkest album. Only the brief, infectious medium-up "Bessie's Blues", and a samba-tinged groove in the midsection of the otherwise sedate "Wise One", break the sombre mood.
Recording and production.
The quartet went into Rudy Van Gelder's studio on April 27, 1964, and performed all five of the songs on this album as well as a short version of "Song of Praise"—which was recut in May 1965 and compiled on "The John Coltrane Quartet Plays". They returned to the studio on June 1, 1964, and recorded versions of the title track and "Bessie's Blues", which ended up on the album. The three rejected recordings from April 27 are compiled on "".
The music represents Coltrane's return to meticulous form and structure, and post-bop modality, after several years of free-form experimentation alternating with traditional balladeering. The album's closing track is an improvisational feature for Jones' drums (with spare melodic accompaniment from Coltrane's tenor sax and Garrison's bass at the song's beginning and end): Coltrane would continue to explore drum/saxophone conversations both in live performances with this group and on subsequent recordings such as the posthumously released "Interstellar Space" (with Rashied Ali). Furthermore, Coltrane does not solo at all on side two of the original LP; the ballad "Lonnie's Lament" instead features a long bass solo by Garrison.
The album's liner notes are written by Nat Hentoff, and the original LP's inner gatefold profile photograph of Coltrane was also featured on the cover of Coltrane's next Impulse! album release, "A Love Supreme".
Legacy.
An earlier version of "Lonnie's Lament" appears on "Afro-Blue Impressions", and an almost hour-long version of "Crescent" was recorded on "Live in Japan". The entire album was collected on "". Coltrane would later perform the song "After the Crescent", which appeared on 1965's "To the Beat of a Different Drum".
The title track would later be covered by Alice Coltrane for 2004's "Translinear Light" and McCoy Tyner on his 1991 album "Soliloquy". Tyner recorded it again live for the albums "" and "Live at Sweet Basil". Guitarist Steve Lukather is the soloist on the version recorded for the 2005 tribute album "A Guitar Supreme". The SFJAZZ Collective covered four of the songs on their "SFJAZZ Collective 2", with Nicholas Payton and Joshua Redman soloing on the title track.
Garrison's widow recalled that this album along with "A Love Supreme" were the two he listened to the most.
Track listing.
All songs composed by John Coltrane and published by Jowcol Music (BMI)
Side one
Side two
Personnel.
John Coltrane Quartet
Technical personnel
Compact Disc release
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2886343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886343" title="CTV Atlantic">
CTV Atlantic

CTV Atlantic (formerly known as the Atlantic Television System, or ATV) is a system of four television stations in the Canadian Maritimes, owned and operated by the CTV Television Network, a division of Bell Media. Despite the name, it is not available on basic cable or analog in Newfoundland and Labrador even though that province is part of Atlantic Canada.
The CTV Atlantic stations are:
All four stations refer to themselves on air as CTV, not by their call letters. CJCB and CKCW simulcast CJCH for most of the day, but air separate commercials and local telethons. CKLT is a full repeater of CKCW. However, all four stations are separately licenced by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). Station information and history is discussed in each station's own article.
History.
CJCH was a charter CTV affiliate when it started in 1961. CJCB and CKCW were established as CBC Television stations in 1954. CKCW affiliated with CTV in 1969, adding sister station CKLT the same year. Between 1969 and 1976, CKCW's relay stations in Northern New Brunswick (Campbellton, Upsalquitch Lake and Newcastle (Miramichi), plus three relay stations in Quebec) carried a combined CBC/CTV schedule, becoming full relays of CKCW after CHSJ in Saint John, the CBC affiliate in New Brunswick, established its own relays in the area. 
CHUM Limited, a Toronto broadcaster, bought CJCH in 1970, CJCB in 1971 and CKCW and CKLT in 1972. Later that year, it switched CJCB's affiliation to CTV and merged the four stations into the ATV system. Shortly afterward, CKCW opened a rebroadcaster in Charlottetown, making Prince Edward Island the last province to get CTV. In 1997, as part of a group deal, the ATV stations were sold to CTV.
Although each station originally produced its own news and local programming in the beginning, they too were merged in the early 1980s. A side effect of this is that the newscasts often include stories about things like local politics that can be of little interest to viewers in other parts of the region, and a common complaint among residents of both New Brunswick and Nova Scotia is that CTV News focuses too much on the other province. However, CTV Atlantic has had some of the highest ratings of any local newscasts in Canada, although its presence and viewing audience is somewhat less in PEI mainly as a result of competition from CBCT in Charlotteown, which provides the province's only PEI-specific newscast.
On October 11, 2005, ATV was renamed "CTV Atlantic". Most other CTV owned-and-operated stations had been renamed the prior week.
Newscasts and regionally-produced programming.
CTV Atlantic produces approximately 26 hours of local programming each week.
All news programs are produced in standard definition at CJCH's Robie Street studio in Halifax. "CTV News" also has news bureaus in Charlottetown, New Glasgow, Saint John, Fredericton and Moncton.
News team.
Anchors
Weather team
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="2886349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886349" title="Mount Mandara">
Mount Mandara

Mandara () is the name of the mountain that appears in the Samudra manthan episode in the Hindu Puranas, where it was used as a churning rod to churn the ocean of milk. Vishnu's serpent, Vasuki, offered to serve as the rope pulled on one side by a team of "asuras", and on the other, by a team of "devas". The Puranas refer to various sacred places on the hill that are also believed to be the abode of god Krishna as Madhusudana or the destroyer of the demon called Madhu who was killed by Krishna and then covered by the Mount Mandara.
According to legends and popular belief, this Mandara Hill is located on the state highway between Bhagalpur and Dumka. They are laced with a landscape of extraordinary splendor exposing the 800 feet high granite hill. One of the specialty of the mountain is that it is not composed of fragmented stones but the whole hill is one single structure.
Kalidasa’s Kumarasambhava refers to foot marks of Lord Vishnu on the slopes of Mandara. The hill is replete with relics of bygone ages. Besides inscriptions and statues there are numerous rock cut sculptures depicting various Brahmanical images. The hill is equally revered by the Jains who believe that their 12th Tirthankara attained nirvana here on the summit of the hill. 
The depiction of the Churning of the Ocean of Milk became very popular in Khmer art, perhaps because their creation myth involved a naga ancestor. It is a popular motif in both Khmer and Thai art; one of the most dramatic depictions is one of the eight friezes that can be seen around the inner wall of Angkor Wat--the others being the Battle of Kurukshetra, Suryavarman's Military Review, scenes from Heaven and Hell, the battle between Vishnu and the "asuras", the Battle between Krishna and Banasura, a battle between the gods and "asuras", and the Battle of Lanka. 
Location.
It is very near to Bausi, a place located on the state highway between Bhagalpur and Dumka. Bausi is also connected with Bhagalpur through Rail. The hill actually is located on the road from Bausi to Godda.

</doc>
<doc id="2886357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886357" title="Scott Township, Marion County, Ohio">
Scott Township, Marion County, Ohio

Scott Township is one of the fifteen townships of Marion County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 521 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the northeastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
No municipalities are located in Scott Township, although the unincorporated community of Kirkpatrick lies in the northern part of the township.
Name.
Statewide, other Scott Townships are located in Adams, Brown, and Sandusky counties.
History.
The township was organized between June 7 through 9th, 1824, and comprises land included in the Sandusky Plains of Ohio. Land in Scott Township is generally flat, with shallow slopes. Prairie grasses and other native plants were destroyed in its settlement; ditches were added to aid drainage of farm fields. The majority of farms in Scott Township today produce wheat, corn, and soybeans.
In the 1920s, the township was a favorite of Jim Thorpe (who played for the Oorang Indians NFL team in LaRue, Ohio) who hunted near the "Wolf Pond" north of Linn Hipsher Road. In 1942, the United States Federal Government seized approximately one-fourth of the total land in the township for the construction of the Scioto Ordnance Plant (this same action also resulted in the building of Marion Engineering Depot). Families living within the boundaries of the facility were given less than 60 days to vacate their homes and farms. Following the end of the war, the land was sold back to the public, however by that time, many of the homes and farmsteads that had been within the site had been leveled by the US Army; few families who had lived in the area before the government action returned to the area having established themselves in other communities.
The township was hard hit by the Great Blizzard of 1978. Quail, once plentiful in the area, have not been seen in the township since then.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Police protection in Scott Township is provided by the Marion County Sheriff’s Department.
Education.
Children in Scott Township attend one of two different school systems: those from the western part of the township attend the Ridgedale Local School System, while those from the eastern part attend the River Valley School System.

</doc>
<doc id="2886367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886367" title="Wreck of the Hesperus">
Wreck of the Hesperus

Wreck of the Hesperus are a doom metal band from Ireland, based in Dublin. The band first played together in January 2004 and they recorded their first demo, a four-track effort entitled "Terminal Dirge" in June 2004. The follow-up "Eulogy for the Sewer Dwellers" was released in 2005. 
The band's style of music is a particularly slow and heavy form of Sludge Doom, with guttural vocals and stoner doom influenced guitar riffs. Unusually for doom metal, the band's music frequently highlights Ray Keenaghan's drumming skills, with tracks such as "Prolix" featuring close to 4 minutes of drumming accompanied by nothing other than Christian choral samples.
The band's live performances feature as little interaction with the crowd as possible, with feedback filling the spaces between songs and giving the audience no chance to applaud. This bears some resemblance to the live shows of Sunn O))). The bass player dons a hooded top and keeps his back to the crowd at all times.
The band released their first full-length album "The Sunken Threshold" in October 2006. The band's website reports that split albums with Irish doom metal bands Mourning Beloveth and DeNovissimus are in the pipeline, with the former to be expected in 2007.
July 2011 saw the release of the bands long-awaited second album "Light Rotting Out".

</doc>
<doc id="2886368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886368" title="KTWO">
KTWO

KTWO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886371" title="Robert Stackhouse">
Robert Stackhouse

Robert Stackhouse (born 1942, Bronxville, New York, United States) is an American artist and sculptor.
Stackhouse graduated with a Bachelor Degree from the University of South Florida in 1965. He later earned a masters degree at the University of Maryland, College Park in studio art. USF's Contemporary Art Museum contains an archive of his work, with copies of all of his prints over the course of his career. His work has been featured in one-man exhibitions in museums such as the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
The artist Mary Beth Edelson lived with Stackhouse for 27 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2886373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886373" title="Mandara Kingdom">
Mandara Kingdom

The Mandara Kingdom (sometimes called Wandala) was a West African kingdom in the Mandara Mountains of what is today Cameroon. The Mandarawa people are descended from the kingdom's inhabitants.
History.
Tradition states that Mandara was founded shortly before 1500 by a female ruler named Soukda and a non-Mandarawa hunter named Gaya. The kingdom was first referred to by Fra Mauro (in 1459) and Leo Africanus (in 1526); the provenance of its name remains uncertain.
For the kingdom's first century of history, its rulers warred with neighbouring groups in an effort to expand their territories. After conquering the Dulo (or Duolo) and establishing the capital at Dulo c. 1580, the dynasty of Sankre, a war leader, began. When the Dulo made an attempt to seize the throne, the Bornu kingdom supported the claim of Aldawa Nanda, a member of Sankre's house. Emperor Idris Alaoma of Borno personally installed Nanda as king in 1614. Bornu thus attained an influential position over Mandara.
Mai Bukar Aji, the 25th king, made Mandara a sultanate c. 1715, which it would remain for nearly two hundred years. Muslim visitors converted Bukar to Islam, and the Islamicisation of the kingdom would continue for most of the next century. The kingdom experienced a golden age of sorts under Bukar and his successor, Bukar Guiana (1773-1828). Around 1781, the Mandara defeated the kingdom of Borno in a major battle, further expanding their control in the region. At the peak of her power at the turn of the century, Mandara received tribute from some 15 chiefdoms. However, the kingdom faced a setback in 1809, when Modibo Adama, a Fulani disciple of Usman dan Fodio, led a jihad against Mandara. Adama briefly seized Dulo, though the Mandara counterattack soon drove him from the kingdom's borders. Adama's defeat prompted Borno to ally with Mandara once again against the Fulani invaders.
Upon the death of ruler Bukai Dgjiama, Mandara's non-Muslim tributaries rose up, and the Fulani attacked once more. By 1850, Borno could not pass up the opportunity to attack the weakened kingdom. This renewed conflict began to sap the kingdom's strength, paving the way for the invasion of Muhammad Ahmad's forces in the 1880s. In 1895 or 1896, Muhammad Ahmad's army destroyed Dulo, marking a further decline in Mandara power. However, the kingdom continued to exist, repelling continual Fulani raids until it finally fell to them in 1893.
English explorer Dixon Denham accompanied a slave-raiding expedition from Borno into the Mandara kingdom in February 1823; though he barely escaped with his life following the raiders' defeat, he brought back one of the first European accounts of the kingdom. In 1902, the kingdom was conquered by Germany, passing then to France in 1918. In 1960, the Mandara kingdom became a part of newly independent Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="2886376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886376" title="EDX London">
EDX London

EDX London was a derivatives exchange managed by the London Stock Exchange that was absorbed into the Turquoise trading platform in 2011. The market was set up in 2003 to combine the liquidity and expertise of the LSE with advanced derivatives technology offered by Sweden's OMX AB. Members of EDX could trade either standardised or flexible futures and options on indices or single stocks. Trading took place on the three Scandinavian linked exchanges, the Stockholm Stock Exchange, Copenhagen Stock Exchange, and Oslo Børs as well as some Russian stocks.
The exchange utilised the electronic trading platform Sola Trading and trades were cleared via LCH.Clearnet. At its peak there were approximately 150 contracts available for trading.
The cooperation between EDX London and OMX was terminated in November 2009 when Nasdaq took over OMX. Most of the contracts were moved to Nasdaq OMX with only the Norwegian derivatives remaining with EDX London. NasdaqOMX moved these contracts to its Genium Inet electronic trading platform in 2010. The LSE merged the remaining EDX London contracts with its Turquoise trading service that it had acquired in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2886381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886381" title="Santo Stefano (island)">
Santo Stefano (island)

Santo Stefano is an island in the Maddalena archipelago of northern Sardinia, Italy, and part of the Maddalena National Park. It is largely uninhabited and it is mainly known for its hosting of a NATO Naval Base and Italian Navy munitions magazines Apart from the military, the only residences on the island is a tourist resort, Club valtur, which is largely occupied only during the summer months. Public access to the island is made by ferry either from La Maddalena or nearby Palau, on Sardinia.
In 1987, the United States Navy was issued an executive eviction, which called for abandonment of the island and its return to a national park. However in 2004, the Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, despite the pending eviction, gave the U.S Navy the rights to extend the base using part of the natural park surface to build a new wider office building.
The U.S. military is scheduled to leave the region in 2008. left the Italian navy base on September 27, 2007.
The military base on Santo Stefano had been chosen to host the 2009 G8 summit before it was moved to L'Aquila. The water is azure blue. On the island is also a tourist resort, the Valtur Hotel. In the summer of 2009 globalisation activists will meet on Sardinia and organise for peaceful protests. They hope to bring some glamour to the islands.

</doc>
<doc id="2886389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886389" title="Walter Haas">
Walter Haas

Walter Haas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886400" title="Ellicott's Stone">
Ellicott's Stone

Ellicott’s Stone, also known as the Ellicott Stone, is a boundary marker in northern Mobile County, Alabama. It was placed on April 10, 1799 by a joint U.S.-Spanish survey party headed by Andrew Ellicott. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 11 April 1973.
It is the only known stone monument set by Ellicott when he surveyed the 31st parallel north latitude, which served as the boundary line between the Mississippi Territory in the United States and Spanish West Florida. The boundary line extended along the 31st parallel from the Mississippi River east to the Chattahoochee River, as set forth in the 1795 Pinckney Treaty, formally known as the Treaty of San Lorenzo. Ellicott's Stone is the initial point for all United States Public Land surveys in the southern region of Alabama and Mississippi. It is the point of intersection of what is known today as the St. Stephens meridian and the St. Stephens baseline.
Description.
The stone marker, a ferruginous sandstone block about two feet high and eight inches (203 mm) thick, is near the west bank of the Mobile River. On the northern side of the stone is an inscription stating "U.S. Lat. 31, 1799." The inscription on the southern side reads "Dominio De S.M. Carlos IV, Lat. 31, 1799." (Dominion of his majesty King Charles IV, Lat. 31, 1799)

</doc>
<doc id="2886409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886409" title="Foster-Miller TALON">
Foster-Miller TALON

The Foster-Miller TALON remotely operated vehicle is a small, tracked military robot designed for missions ranging from reconnaissance to combat.
Overview.
Foster-Miller claims the TALON is one of the fastest robots in production, one that can travel through sand, water, and snow as well as climb stairs. The TALON transmits in color, black and white, infrared, and/or night vision to its operator, who may be up to 1,000 m away. It can run off lithium-ion batteries for a maximum of 7 days on standby independently before needing recharging. It has an 8.5 hour battery life at normal operating speeds, 2 standard lead batteries providing 2 hours each and 1 optional Lithium Ion providing an additional 4.5 hours. It can also withstand repeated decontamination allowing it to work for long periods of time in contaminated areas. It was used in Ground Zero after the September 11 attacks working for 45 days with many decontaminations without electronic failure. This led to the further development of the HAZMAT TALON.
It weighs less than 100 lb (45 kg) or 60 lb (27 kg) for the Reconnaissance version. Its cargo bay accommodates a variety of sensor payloads. The robot is controlled through a two-way radio or a Fiber-optic link from a portable or wearable Operator Control Unit (OCU) that provides continuous data and video feedback for precise vehicle positioning.
Regular (IED/EOD) TALON: Carries sensors and a robotic manipulator, which is used by the U.S. Military for explosive ordnance disposal and disarming improvised explosive devices.
Special Operations TALON (SOTAL): Does not have the robotic arm manipulator but carries day/night color cameras and listening devices; lighter due to the absence of the arm, for reconnaissance missions.
SWORDS TALON: For small arms combat and guard roles. Tested in December 2003 in Kuwait prior to deployment in Iraq.
HAZMAT TALON: Uses chemical, gas, temperature, and radiation sensors that are displayed in real time to the user on a hand-held display unit. It is now being tested by the US Armament Research Development and Engineering Center ARDEC.
The robot costs approximately $60,000 in its standard form. Foster-Miller was subsequently bought out by QinetiQ, a United Kingdom military developer.
SWORDS.
SWORDS or the Special Weapons Observation Reconnaissance Detection System, is a weaponized version being developed by Foster-Miller for the US Army. The robot is composed of a weapons system mounted on the standard TALON chassis. The current price of one unit is $230,000; however, Foster-Miller claims that when it enters mass production the price may drop to between $150,000 and $180,000.
There are a variety of different weapons that can be placed on the SWORDS; M16 rifle, 5.56 mm SAW M249, 7.62 mm M240 machine gun, .50 cal M82 Barrett rifle, a six barreled 40 mm grenade launcher or quad 66 mm M202A1 FLASH incendiary weapon.
SWORDS units have demonstrated the ability to shoot precisely. It is not autonomous, but instead has to be controlled by a soldier using a small console to remotely direct the device and fire its weapons. Foster-Miller are currently at work on a "Game Boy" style controller with virtual-reality goggles for future operators.
In 2007, three SWORDS units were deployed to Iraq. Each unit is armed with a M249 machine gun. This deployment marks the first time that robots are carrying guns into battle; however, their weapons have remained unused as the Army has never given the go-ahead for using them. The Army stopped funding the SWORDS robots after deploying the initial three robots. Foster-Miller is working on a successor: the Modular Advanced Armed Robotic System (MAARS)
By August 2013, the Smithsonian Institution had acquired a SWORDS robot for its collection. One is also on display at the National Infantry Museum in Fort Benning, Georgia.
Deployment.
The Talon has been deployed in military service since 2000 - for example, in Bosnia for the movement of munitions and EOD (explosive ordnance disposal) to get rid of grenades. It was also used in Ground Zero after the September 11th attacks in search and recovery. It is the only robot used in this effort that did not require any major repair. Foster-Miller claims the Talon was used for a classified mission by US Special Forces in the war against the Taliban in Afghanistan as well as in an EOD role. In Iraq its standard role has been performing EOD and IED destruction missions. Its combat SWORDS version is now being used there in a guard role protecting front line buildings from attack. According to Foster-Miller, the robot has performed around 20,000 EOD missions in the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="2886410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886410" title="Derek McCulloch">
Derek McCulloch

Derek Ivor Breashur McCulloch OBE (18 November 1897 – 1 June 1967) was a BBC Radio presenter and producer. He became known as "Uncle Mac" in "Children's Favourites" and "Children's Hour", and the voice of "Larry the Lamb" in "Toytown". He served as the head of children's broadcasting for the BBC from 1933 until 1951.
Early life.
McCulloch was born in Plymouth to Scottish parents. The First World War interrupted his education, and he enlisted in 1915 in the Public Schools Battalion of the 16th Middlesex Regiment at the age of 17. He served until 1921 with the infantry, where he was commissioned into the Green Howards, and in the Royal Flying Corps as an equipment officer, including a spell on HMS Valiant. He was wounded at the Battle of the Somme in 1916. After the war he worked in Argentina on the railways, but had to return to England because of ill health.
Career.
BBC.
He joined the BBC in 1926 as an announcer. He was the commentator on the first radio broadcast of the FA Cup Final in 1927. He became second in command on "Children's Hour" in 1931 and was placed in charge of it in 1933. The programme included talks, plays, music and drama serials. He was appointed head of children's broadcasting in 1933, serving in that position until 1951. He regarded the department as a microcosm of all broadcasting, stating: "Nothing but the best is good enough for children ... our wish is to stimulate their imaginations, direct their reading, encourage their various interests, widen their outlook and inculcate the Christian virtues of love of God and their neighbours." In 1938 he lost a leg as the result of a road accident, and thereafter remained in constant pain.
In 1939 the audience for "Children's Hour" reached four million. His sign-off line, "Goodnight children, everywhere," became more poignant after the evacuation of many children from their homes at the start of the Second World War. He resigned from the BBC in 1950 due to ill health.
"Children's Favourites".
He became the children's editor for the "News Chronicle". In 1954 he returned to the BBC, to present a BBC music request programme for children, "Children's Favourites", on Saturday mornings. The programme was dropped in 1964, despite protests and questions in Parliament, but it was popular, and McCulloch continued to present it until 1965. After his retirement it became "Junior Choice", hosted by Ed Stewart, when the BBC Light Programme was replaced by Radio 1 and Radio 2 in 1967.
Writing.
He wrote two children's stories, "Cornish Adventure" (1941) and "Cornish Mystery" (1950), and gave his name to a series of Ladybird children's books in the 1950s.
Personal life.
McCulloch married Eileen Hilda Barry in 1931. He was awarded an OBE in 1964. He died at Haywards Heath on 1 June 1967.
He was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in February 1964 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews in central London.
Posthumous allegations.
A book published in 1999 by BBC journalist John Simpson related claims from a pseudonymous source that someone Simpson called "Uncle Dick" had sexually assaulted children while working for the BBC. "Uncle Dick" was rumoured to be McCulloch. McCulloch's family described the allegations as "complete rubbish".

</doc>
<doc id="2886414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886414" title="Reset">
Reset

Reset may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886418" title="Olé Coltrane">
Olé Coltrane

Olé Coltrane is the ninth album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1962 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1373. The album was recorded at A&R Studios in New York, and was the last of Coltrane's Atlantic albums to be made under his own supervision.
Background.
Two days prior to the recording of "Olé Coltrane", Coltrane had made his inaugural recording session for his new label, Impulse Records, at the new Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. With one further album due his old label Atlantic, he brought in his working quintet along with two participants in the "Africa/Brass" sessions, Art Davis and Freddie Hubbard. Owing to his concurrent contract with Prestige Records, Eric Dolphy was listed on the credits under the pseudonym George Lane.
Coltrane's interest in the music of Spain evident in "Olé", may have been spurred by his ex-employer Miles Davis's "Sketches of Spain" from the previous year. The structure and melody of the modal jazz vamp "Olé" was borrowed from the Spanish folk song "El Vito" (maybe better known as "El Quinto Regimiento" from the Spanish Civil War, which was made known by Pete Seeger), while the soprano saxophone work recalled 1961's "My Favorite Things". The titles for the songs on side two reflect the band's continued interest in African forms as expressed on the May 23 "Africa/Brass" recordings.
On September 19, 2000, Rhino Records reissued "Olé Coltrane" as part of its Atlantic 50th Anniversary Jazz Gallery series. Included was a single bonus track which had appeared on "" in 1995.
Influence.
Paul Weller included the title track on a 2003 compilation called 'Under The Influence', which included a selection of his favourite tracks. He had initially been turned on to the track by Alfreda Benge, who recalled that the track was a favourite in London mod clubs in the early 1960s.
"Olé" has also been performed and recorded by Noah Howard on his live albums "Live In Europe, Vol. 1" (1975) and "Berlin Concert" (1977) and by Coltrane's later sideman Pharoah Sanders, on his live album "Heart is a Melody" from 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2886421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886421" title="Anthony Goldwire">
Anthony Goldwire

Anthony Goldwire (born September 6, 1971 in West Palm Beach, Florida) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the NBA and other leagues. He played for the University of Houston and was drafted by the Phoenix Suns in the 2nd round (52nd overall) in 1994.
Pro career.
Goldwire played with Panellinios BC of the Greek basketball league in the 2006-07 season. In 2009, he joined the Spanish club CB Girona. In July 2010, Goldwire joined the Phoenix Suns' Summer League coaching staff.
He later became an assistant coach for the Milwaukee Bucks.

</doc>
<doc id="2886422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886422" title="Selection Sixteen">
Selection Sixteen

Selection Sixteen is a 1999 album by Squarepusher, released on Warp Records. According to the CD, the cover-art is from a film called "Acid Trayners 4", which seems to be different pictures of an oscilloscope. Throughout the record the bass, hooked to an audio/midi converter, played an important part in the composition of synth and drum parts.[http://afxlive.watmm.com/squarepusher/images/Making%20Music.jpg]
"Anti-Greylord Protection Scheme Prelude".
Most releases of "Selection Sixteen" include "Anti-Greylord Protection Scheme Prelude," which was originally released as a separate EP with a slightly different track order. "Ceephax Mix" was created by Squarepusher's brother, Andy Jenkinson, aka Ceephax Acid Crew.
On the original release, "Schizm Track #2 Mix" is the first track.

</doc>
<doc id="2886435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886435" title="Kenneth Money">
Kenneth Money

Kenneth Money (born April 1, 1935 in Toronto, Canada) is the Senior Scientist at the Defence and Civil Institute of Environmental Medicine in Toronto. He has published over one hundred science articles and authored six different topics in the "World Book Encyclopedia". 
Education.
Money attended North Toronto Collegiate Institute for high school. He then enrolled at the University of Toronto and earned his bachelor of science in physiology and chemistry in 1958, master of science in physiology in 1959 and Ph.D. in physiology in 1961.
Career.
Some of his contributions in the scientific field include knowledge of the inner ear, motion sickness, disorientation, and biological effects of space flight. Some of Money’s interests include badminton, skiing, acrobatic flying, skydiving, fishing, and reading. In 1956, Money competed at the Olympic Games and placed fifth in the men's high jump event. In 1989, he won the U.S. masters badminton championship in Miami, Florida.
Money was selected by the National Research Council of Canada as an astronaut candidate in December 1983, but left the Canadian Astronaut Corps in 1992 without having flown in space. He acted as Spacelab Payload Operations Controller for a Spacelab mission in 1992. 
During the same mission, Money served as the alternate astronaut, having the capability to fly if needed. He is credited with the invention of an experimental surgical operation called semicircular canal plugging, which is now being used in North America and Europe to treat particular types of dizzy spells. He is also working part time as a professor of physiology for the University of Toronto and regularly lectures to undergraduate classes.
Awards and service.
In 1994, he was awarded the Meritorious Service Cross by the Governor General of Canada for his many contributions to science and technology.
Money is also a member of the volunteer Board of Governors of the National Space Society, a non-profit space advocacy group originally founded by Wernher von Braun.

</doc>
<doc id="2886436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886436" title="Rich Aurilia">
Rich Aurilia

Richard Santo Aurilia (; born September 2, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball player, mainly as a shortstop. He bats and throws right-handed.
The 24th round pick of the Texas Rangers in the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft, Aurilia worked in the Rangers minor league system before being traded with first baseman Desi Wilson to the San Francisco Giants for pitcher John Burkett in .
High school and college.
Aurilia was born in Brooklyn, New York. Before being drafted by Texas, Aurilia was a standout at St. John's University, where he represented the Red Storm as an All-Big East selection in .
Aurilia is also a graduate of Xaverian High School in Brooklyn, New York and University of Texas. He was inducted into the school's Hall of Fame, and his number 22 was retired by local baseball league, Our Lady of Grace.
Major league career.
Aurilia made his major league debut on September 6, as a defensive replacement in a game against the Montréal Expos. This would begin his long, solid run as the Giants shortstop. On June 14, , during his first stint with the Giants, Aurilia hit the first-ever grand slam in interleague play at the expense of the Anaheim Angels' Allen Watson, a former teammate. The Giants went on to win the game 10–3. would prove to be a banner year for Aurilia as he collected a National League best 206 hits, all leading to a .324 batting average with 37 home runs, 97 RBI, an NL All-Star nod, and a Silver Slugger Award. However, his career best 37 home run year in 2001 was overshadowed by Barry Bonds' record breaking 73 home runs in the same season.
From 1999 to 2001, he led NL shortstops in home runs. Production trailed off in , but Aurilia shined once again in San Francisco's failed 2002 run for a World Series Championship. In 14 postseason games that season, he batted .296, with 5 homers and 14 RBI (an NL record for a shortstop in the postseason). He also was a Roberto Clemente Award nominee.
After more offensive stagnation in , the Giants severed their nine-year relation with the shortstop, granting him free agency on October 27. Soon after, Aurilia signed on with the Seattle Mariners to patrol the M's infield. The lifetime National Leaguer could not get a grip on American League pitching, and was dealt to the San Diego Padres. He continued to struggle in spacious PETCO Park, and was not tendered a contract for .
Needing a veteran infielder, the Reds signed Aurilia to a minor league contract, on January 22, . The versatile infielder played well for the Reds collecting 14 home runs and 68 RBI as Cincinnati's shortstop, second baseman, and third baseman. The Reds then re-signed him on January 8, .
Aurilia served as an everyday player spending time rotating between shortstop, second base, first base and third base for the Reds in 2006. He finished the year with 23 home runs, 70 RBI, and a batting average of exactly .300—his highest in all three categories since 2001.
In the 2006 offseason, Aurilia signed a two-year, $8 million contract with his old team, the Giants. During the season, he appeared in 99 games (mostly at first base), starting in 81 of them. Aurilia was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a neck injury that had been slow to heal, limiting his range of movement and causing headaches. At the time, he was batting only .236 with two home runs. Aurilia returned to the Giants' lineup on July 4, hitting a home run in a 9–5 win over the Cincinnati Reds. He finished the season batting .252 with five home runs, 33 RBI, and a .304 on-base percentage. Aurilia posted better numbers in each of those categories during the 2008 season, where he remained generally healthy throughout the year, one factor that led him to have considerably more playing time (99 games started).
On February 9, , Aurilia re-signed with the San Francisco Giants to a minor league deal. It was announced on April 4 that Aurilia had made the Giants final roster. He went on to appear in 60 games during the 2009 season, starting in 22 of them, playing either first or third base. There was considerable uncertainty whether Aurilia would stay with the team for the entire season, but he was placed on the DL twice in order to free up a roster spot long enough for the September roster expansion. Knowing that the organization would not be bringing him back for the 2010 season, Aurilia played his final game as a Giant on October 1 at home against the Arizona Diamondbacks, receiving standing ovations from the home fans in appreciation for 15 years with the team.
Aurilia announced his retirement on April 11, 2010. He is currently a member of Comcast SportsNet Bay Area.
Personal life.
Aurilia appeared on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital" in 2003. For his non-speaking role as Juror No. 9 in a court room scene, he was accompanied by his wife, Raquel (Juror No. 10).
The Aurilias are very active in the Make-A-Wish Foundation. He and Raquel have 2 sons: Chaz Aiden, (born August 18, 2001) and Gavin Shea, (born October 1, 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="2886438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886438" title="DSG International Ltd.">
DSG International Ltd.

DSG International Ltd, also known as Disposable Soft Goods International, is a publicly traded company that engages in the manufacture and marketing of disposable baby diapers, training pants, youth pants, and adult incontinence products. It markets its products to wholesalers, retailers, and grocery chains primarily in the United States, People's Republic of China, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia under the following brands: Fitti, BabyLove, PetPet, Certainty and Dispo123. Since its establishment in 1973 in Hong Kong, DSG International has become the fourth largest manufacturer of disposable baby diapers and training pants.
Subsidiaries.
DSG International (Thailand) Public Company Limited
DSG International (Thailand) Public Company Limited (DSGT) was founded on as a collaboration between DSG International Limited and the Anuwongnukroh Family, to be in the business of producing and distributing disposable baby diapers in Southeast Asian region. The company was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand on .
Associated Hygienic Products LLC (AHP) is a wholly owned subsidiary of DSG that has been manufacturing, marketing and selling disposable baby diapers and training pants for customers in North America since 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="2886445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886445" title="Eleme people">
Eleme people

The Eleme are one of the various groups of indigenous peoples that inhabit the Niger Delta region of southeast Nigeria.
Location.
The Eleme live in ten village-clusters situated in Eleme Local Government Area (ELGA), Rivers State, around 20 km east of Port Harcourt. The total territory occupied by the Eleme people expands across approximately 140 square kilometres.
Ethnicity.
Linguistically and ethnographically the Eleme Kingdom is a separate entity from the Ogonis, their neighbours.
Society.
Eleme has a future rule to play in the development of the Niger Delta Area of Nigeria,Before now,the eleme people were behind in the educational sector,but now they are one of the educated eleme local government of the state,Again they are the center of trade in that region,because eleme market is the most purpolar market in the region.
The Eleme are traditionally an agricultural society, with workers travelling out to farms situated around the villages. Crops include yams, cassava, oil palm fruit, fluted pumpkin, and bitter-leaf. Crops are primarily used to sustain each family (a system of agriculture known as subsistence farming), but each family also typically trades their excess crops at one of the town markets. Even where family members are employed outside of agriculture, they still farm their own land as a supplementary income. Farm workers are usually women.
Eleme has two clans, the Odido and the Nchia, with same dialect, but with the western education and civilization pronunciations are changing. Those from the odido still speak the correct dialet.
The eleme language means, Eleame(which means who wins)
Religion.
Christianity is the dominant major-religion in South-Eastern Nigeria and is widespread in Eleme. Traditional animist beliefs are also upheld by the majority of the population, including those who identify themselves as Christians. Marriages are traditionally polygamous and commonly exogamous with both other Ogoni and non-Ogoni groups across the Niger Delta. While the introduction of Christianity has undoubtedly led to a greater number of monogamous marriages in the region, polygamy and Christianity do not appear to be mutually exclusive in some families.
Language.
The Eleme language is potentially endangered.
The eleme is the language they speak. There Name is Mboli which is not meantioned. The complete History of Eleme can Explain this more. Written By Chief Obo Ngofa.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2886448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886448" title="WOC (AM)">
WOC (AM)

WOC is a radio station licensed to Davenport, Iowa, and has a news and talk radio format. The station's frequency is 1420 kHz, and broadcasts at a power of 5 kW. Its transmitter is located in Bettendorf, Iowa near the Scott Community College Campus. WOC is the only AM station to transmit from this site as the remaining stations at the Bettendorf antenna farm are either FM Radio stations or Television stations.
WOC is owned by Clear Channel Communications. Studios are located at 3535 East Kimberly Road in Davenport, Iowa. Other stations located in the same complex are KMXG, KUUL-FM, WLLR-FM, KCQQ-FM and WFXN.
History of 1420 kHz.
WOC is widely known as the radio station where future U.S. President Ronald Reagan got his start re-creating Chicago Cubs baseball games.
WOC traces its roots to 1907, when Robert Karlowa began an experimental station in Rock Island, Illinois. The station was known under several callsigns, including 9-BC, 9-XR and 9-BY.
On February 18, 1922, the government assigned the fledgling station the WOC call letters, and full-time broadcasting commenced. Historians believe WOC to have been the first commercial radio station west of the Mississippi River, and certainly the first in Iowa.
Karlowa continued to operate the station, but the costs quickly became too great. In March, he sold the station to Col. B. J. Palmer, who operated the Palmer School of Chiropractic, later the Palmer College of Chiropractic, in Davenport. The equipment was moved to a small studio on Palmer's Brady Street campus, and a family connection was started that lasted almost 75 years.
WOC was known for many firsts in the radio industry. A short list might include:
On January 26, 1925, WOC formed a network and joined forces with radio station WEAF. In September 1927, WOC became a charter member of the new NBC radio network.
In 1933, Ronald Reagan got his first broadcasting job at WOC as a sportscaster. Reagan returned to WOC in 1988, when WOC and FM-affiliate KIIK 104 dedicated its new studios on East Kimberly Road.
When the FRC's General Order 40 reallocated frequencies in 1928, Des Moines radio station WHO was forced to share time on WOC's frequency. This continued for several years, even after B.J. Palmer purchased WHO. For about four years, the two stations operated together as WOC-WHO. In November 1933, a 50 kW transmitter near Mitchellville went into service. WOC ceased broadcasting, but in November 1934, the station separated from WHO and returned to a new frequency - 1370 kHz. The station's power was boosted to 5 kW in 1942, the same time WOC moved to its current 1420 kHz home.
WOC's FM affiliate, WOC-FM, signed on the air in October 1948 at 103.7 MHz. The FM station has changed formats three times, and currently has a country music format as WLLR-FM and is the highest-rated station in the Quad Cities market. WOC-TV, the first television station in Iowa, began broadcasting on October 31, 1949; after the Palmer family split its radio and television holdings in 1986, the TV station became KWQC-TV.
The AM frequency, meanwhile, has undergone several format changes since the end of the Golden Age of Radio. Its current news/talk oriented format started in 1979.
WOC and its FM affiliate were purchased from Palmer Communications, Inc. by Vickie Anne Palmer and her then husband, J. Douglas Miller in 1986. In 1989 Mr. Miller entered the motion picture business as a producer and Ms. Palmer took over complete control of the properties then known as Signal Hill Communications, Inc. until 1996, when it was sold. The station was purchased by Clear Channel Communications in 2000.
Local programming.
WOC currently boasts a five-person news staff, and shares its services with its sister stations.
Local personalities who host talk shows include Dan Kennedy who host "The Morning Report"; Jim Fisher, who fronts an afternoon call-in show; and a number of advice-type programs. The station also carries University of Iowa sports and National Football League games.
Syndicated talk shows include those hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity.
In December 2007 Jim Albrecht, the host of the morning show, was fired from WOC, leaving Sean Patrick and Dan Kennedy to host the morning show. Mr. Albrecht is now hosting a television commentary segment called "The Quad Cities' According to Jim" three nights a week during the 6 and 10 p.m. newscasts on local television station WQAD.
Starting in February 2012, Mark Manuel and Steve Ketalaar began hosting WOC's morning show. The move came with the demise of the oldies format at KUUL-FM, where the two had hosted the morning program for five years.

</doc>
<doc id="2886452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886452" title="Rodman Rockefeller">
Rodman Rockefeller

Rodman Clark Rockefeller (May 2, 1932 – May 14, 2000) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the eldest son of former U.S. Vice President Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller and his wife Mary Todhunter "Tod" Clark, and was a fourth-generation member of the Rockefeller family.
Rockefeller was vice president from 1968 to 1972 and chief executive from 1972 to 1980 of the International Basic Economy Corporation, a commercial genetics and agribusiness concern based in New York and incorporated by his father in 1946. Its activities, all in Latina America, included developing corn production there and building thousands of low-cost homes in three places in Mexico. He was also chairman of IBEC Inc. a successor concern, from 1980 to 1985, and of Arbor Acres Farm, based in Glastonbury, Connecticut, a seller of genetic material for poultry broiler stock, for some years. 
Rockefeller was co-chairman of the Mexico-United States Business Committee, an organization focusing on economic and political issues of interest to both nations' business communities. The passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement in the mid-1990s has been called the culmination of his and the committee's efforts. The honors he received included a prestigious Mexican decoration, the Order of the Aztec Eagle. 
He was on the board of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund for nine years. For many years, he was a trustee of Rockefeller Financial Services, which manages the family's office (known as "Room 5600"), its investment companies and its many foundations. He was the head of the finance committee of Rockefeller Financial Services for many years and was a longtime trustee of Rockefeller Financial's holding company, Rockefeller & Company. 
Rockefeller attended both Deerfield Academy and Dartmouth College. While at Dartmouth, he was a member of Green Key, co-editor of Dartmouth's Freshman Handbook, and elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Rockefeller continued his education at Columbia University's Graduate School of Business Administration and received his master's degree. Rockefeller served as chairman of Pocantico Associates, a private capital and real estate investment company. He was also a trustee of the Institute of International Education, the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Foundation, the Museum of Modern Art, the Americas Society, and New York Blood Center.
Rockefeller married Barbara Ann Olsen in 1953 and the couple had four children: Meile, Peter, Stuart, and Michael. That marriage ended in divorce in 1979 and he married the former Alexandra von Metzler, known as Sascha, in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2886454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886454" title="Coltrane Plays the Blues">
Coltrane Plays the Blues

Coltrane Plays the Blues is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1962 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1382. It was recorded at Atlantic Studios during the sessions for "My Favorite Things", assembled after Coltrane had stopped recording for the label and was under contract to Impulse Records. Like Prestige Records before them, as Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s, Atlantic used unissued recordings and released them without either Coltrane's input or approval.
On September 19, 2000, Rhino Records reissued "Coltrane Plays the Blues" as part of its Atlantic 50th Anniversary Jazz Gallery series. Included were five bonus tracks, all of which had appeared in 1995 on "".
Track listing.
2000 reissue bonus tracks.
<br>
"Side Two track 2 recorded during the evening of October 24, 1960; the remainder during the night of the same day."

</doc>
<doc id="2886455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886455" title="Więcbork">
Więcbork

Więcbork () is a town in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2007 it had a population of 5,945.
History.
After 960 the town was part of Piast Poland under Mieszko I. It is first mentioned under the name "Wanszowna" in historical records in the chronicle of Jan of Czarnków in 1383. The first record instance of the name Więcbork occurred in 1405. The town was part of the Kingdom of Poland and it belonged to various Polish magnates. It was part of the Kalisz Voivodeship (1314–1793).
After the First Partition of Poland 1n 1772 the town became part of Kingdom of Prussia, under the name Vandsburg. The town belonged to Landkreis Flatow until 1920, when the eastern part of this Landkreis with 30,516 inhabitants (including 8,600 Poles) and the towns of Kamień Krajeński, Sępólno Krajeńskie and Więcbork were transferred without a referendum to the Second Polish Republic after the Treaty of Versailles. The town became part of Sępólno County, under the name Więcbork. Sępólno County was annexed by Nazi Germany in 1939, and the town now became part of Landkreis Zempelburg, under the name Vandsburg. In 1945 the town was restored to Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2886461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886461" title="Moving Picture Company">
Moving Picture Company

MPC (The Moving Picture Company) is a British production and post production facility creating digital visual effects and computer animation for feature films, commercials, music videos and television. A wholly owned subsidiary of Technicolor, MPC has facilities in London, Los Angeles, Vancouver, Montreal, New York and Bangalore.
Recent film projects include Life of Pi (Ang Lee); Skyfall (Sam Mendes); Prometheus (Ridley Scott); Dark Shadows (Tim Burton) and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 & 2 (David Yates). Other notable work includes X-Men: First Class (Matthew Vaughn); Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides (Rob Marshall), Sucker Punch (Zack Snyder) Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (Michael Apted); and Wrath of the Titans (Jonathan Liebesman).
Recent commercials that MPC has worked on include; Cadbury 'Spots V Stripes,' Virgin Atlantic 'It', Cravendale 'Cats with Thumbs', Evian 'Skating Babies,' and Sky '360'.
MPC have been one of the most successful post production companies in the UK for over 25 years. 
Awards.
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006 

</doc>
<doc id="2886478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886478" title="La'Keshia Frett">
La'Keshia Frett

La'Keshia Frett (born June 12, 1975 in Carmel, California, U.S.) is a former collegiate and professional basketball player. She is currently an assistant coach for the women's basketball team at the University of Georgia.
High school.
Frett attended Phoebus High School in Hampton, Virginia, where she was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. She participated in the WBCA High School All-America Game in 1993, scoring six points. Additionally, Frett was named the 1993 Gatorade Female Basketball Player of the Year.
University of Georgia.
After being named the 1993 National Prep Player of the Year at Phoebus High School in Hampton, Virginia, Frett attended the University of Georgia and played for their women's basketball team, averaging 15.2 points and 6.9 rebounds during her collegiate career from 1993 to 1997.
She was a three–time All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) first team selection, and was named the 1993-94 "SEC Freshman of the Year". In 1996, Frett was named to the Final Four All Tournament team.
By the time she graduated, she had scored 242 points in 15 NCAA tournament games, ranking third time all-time at UGA. She competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 1994 Jones Cup Team that won the Gold in Taipei.
USA Basketball.
Frett was named to the team representing the USA at the 1994 William Jones Cup competition in Taipei, Taiwan. The USA team won all eight games, winning the gold medal, but not without close calls. In three games the teams had to come from behind to win. One preliminary game ended up as a single point victory, and the gold medal game went to overtime before the USA team beat South Korea by a single point, 90–89.
Frett represented the USA at the 1995 World University Games held in Fukuoka, Japan in August and September of 1995. The team had a record of 5–1, securing the silver medal. The USA teams won early and reached a record of 5–0 when the USA beat Yugoslavia. In the semi-final game, the USA faced Russia. The team was behind much of the first half but managed to tie the game at the half. The USA broke the game open in the second half and won 101–74, with Frett contributing a double-double, 20 points and 13 rebounds. The gold medal match was against unbeaten Italy. The Italian team started strong, scoring 12 of the first 14 points of the contest. The USA took a small lead in the second half, but the team from Italy responded with a ten point run, and won the game and the gold medal by a score of 73–65. Frett was the leading scorer for the USA team with 18.0 points per game.
Frett again represented the USA at the 1997 World University Games held in Marsala, Sicily, Italy in August of 1997. The USA team won all six games, earning the gold medal at the event. In the opening game Frett was the leading scorer for the USA with 14 points. She went on to average 10.2 points per game.
ABL and WNBA.
After graduating from college, Frett started her professional career in 1997 playing two seasons for the Philadelphia Rage of the American Basketball League (ABL).
After the ABL folded due to financial difficulties, she was selected by the Los Angeles Sparks in the 1999 WNBA Draft, and later played for the Sparks during the 1999 and 2000 seasons.
After the 2000 season ended, the Sparks traded Frett to the Sacramento Monarchs in exchange for Latasha Byears. Frett played for the Monarchs for the next three seasons before signing a free agent contract with the Charlotte Sting. However, the Sting waived her halfway through the 2004 season.
A week after being waived, she signed with the New York Liberty and played for them during the remainder of the season, as well as the following 2005 season.
Shortly after the 2005 WNBA season ended, Frett returned to her "alma mater", the University of Georgia, after being hired as an assistant coach for the women's basketball team for the 2005-06 season. On April 2006, Frett announced her retirement from the WNBA to devote herself full-time to her collegiate coaching position.

</doc>
<doc id="2886487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886487" title="Control bus">
Control bus

In computer architecture,
A control bus is (part of) a computer bus, used by CPUs for communicating with other devices within the computer. While the address bus carries the information on which device the CPU is communicating with and the data bus carries the actual data being processed, the control bus carries commands from the CPU and returns status signals from the devices. For example if the data is being read or written to the device the appropriate line (read or write) will be active (logic zero).
Lines.
The number and type of lines in a control bus varies but there are basic lines common to all microprocessors, such as:
Additional lines are microprocessor-dependent, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="2886490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886490" title="The Sea">
The Sea

The Sea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886493" title="Winter cherry">
Winter cherry

Winter cherry may refer to following plants, which are all Solanaceae, unrelated to actual cherries (which are Rosaceae), and do not have edible fruit (some are actually poisonous):

</doc>
<doc id="2886506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886506" title="WXTK">
WXTK

WXTK (95.1 FM; "Newsradio 95 WXTK") is a news/talk radio station licensed to West Yarmouth, Massachusetts, and headquartered in Hyannis, Massachusetts. It is the direct descendant of Cape Cod's first commercial radio station, WOCB. 
WOCB first signed on as an AM station October 2, 1940; the station was originally owned by the Cape Cod Broadcasting Company. It originally operated at 1210 kHz, but moved to 1240 in 1941 as a result of the North American Radio Broadcasting Agreement. WOCB shut down in May 1943 after running out of money, resulting in its license being canceled by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on November 30. E. Anthony and Sons, owner of WNBH in New Bedford and publisher of the "New Bedford Standard-Times" and the "Cape Cod Standard-Times", bought the station's equipment and relaunched WOCB under a new license on May 6, 1944 as an affiliate of the Blue Network, broadcasting mostly network programming (soap operas, radio drama, newscasts, etc.) with some local programming, remaining affiliated with that network after it became ABC. When ABC broke into four sub-networks in 1968, WOCB AM and FM became affiliated with ABC's American Information Network.
Its FM signal, for years a simulcast of its AM signal, signed on May 2, 1948 on 94.3 MHz (becoming the Cape's first FM commercial station as well), and in 1962 moved to 94.9 MHz. (The 94.3 frequency is now used on Cape Cod by WZAI, the Brewster repeater for WCAI.)
By the 1970s, WOCB-FM broke away from simulcasting the AM during midday and evening hours to broadcast easy-listening music while still simulcasting the AM's format (then adult contemporary with a heavy news commitment) during weekday drive times and hourly newscasts the rest of the broadcast day. The FM call letters were changed to WSOX-FM in 1978, WRZE in 1984, WJFK in 1985, back to WOCB-FM in 1987, WJIB in 1990 (shortly after the call sign was dropped by 96.9 FM in Boston, now WBQT), and then WOCB-FM once more in 1991.
In the summer through winter of 1981, the afternoon drive announcer on WOCB was Edd Hall, who subsequently did voice work for "Late Night with David Letterman" from 1982–1990 and was the announcer on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" from 1992–2004.
In 1991, Hurricane Bob blew down WOCB's transmitter tower, and the damage suffered was so severe that the owners could not afford to rebuild. The station was then sold to Ernie Boch, Sr., an automobile dealer in the Boston suburb of Norwood, Massachusetts, who turned WOCB-FM into the flagship station for his new Boch Broadcasting company. The station's first news director, Hal Lamb, applied to the FCC to change the station's calls to WXTK, or "X-Talk," a reference to the rarity of the news/talk format on the FM dial at the time. WXTK initially planned to brand as "Extreme Talk," but did not do so, though a few station IDs were produced using the branding (as late as 1998, the unused IDs were still in the station archives). Despite this, WXTK went through with the change to news/talk, and secured several syndication agreements, including the right to broadcast "The Rush Limbaugh Show". Limbaugh himself acknowledged his newest affiliate by remarking on-air, "I am now beaming into Kennedy compound." Over the next few years, the station also became the Cape's home of G. Gordon Liddy (cancelled from the station as of July 2006) and Howie Carr, and longtime local morning hosts Ed Lambert and Don McKeag.
Concurrent with the WXTK relaunch, WOCB's AM 1240 facility became WUOK, and under those call letters programmed CNN Headline News, sports radio, and finally a WXTK simulcast. In 1997, Boch donated WUOK to Boston University for use as a relay of WBUR-FM in Boston, under the call letters WBUR (AM). 1240 AM now broadcasts as WBAS.
In July 1996, WXTK filed an application with the FCC to change frequencies from 94.9 to 95.1 MHz. The application was granted May 20, 1997. The move was in response to listener complaints of co-channel interference (when two stations on the same frequency interfere with each other) from WHOM on Mount Washington. The move took effect on-air on September 18, 1997; to ease people into the new frequency, there were two weeks of promotional material over-the-air, and after the switch its branding was changed to "95.1 is 95 WXTK", putting stress on the word "is". When WXTK moved to 95.1, it had to operate "directionally" with a signal limited towards WHRB in Cambridge.
In 2005, Boch Broadcasting sold WXTK and its sister stations to Qantum Communications, owner of WRZE (now WEII, a simulcast of sports radio WEEI-FM) and WCIB (Cool 102), though Qantum had to sell WTWV/WDVT (now WHYA and WFRQ) to Nassau Broadcasting in order to stay within FCC regulations. Until that sale, WOCB/WXTK had been broadcasting from the same studio building for over 60 years.
Local, regional, and national shows featured include The Ed Lambert Show, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Howie Carr, Sean Hannity, C.L. Fonari's Gardenline, Fooding Around with John Rega, The Handyman Hotline with Larry Egan. The station broadcasts games for the Boston Red Sox, New England Patriots, and Boston Celtics.
The news staff featuring Judith Goetz and Mark Mumford have tallied countless awards, including for their Spectrum Series. Operations manager Steve McVie and program director Joe Rossetti oversee programming.
On May 15, 2014, Qantum Communications announced that it would sell its 29 stations, including WXTK, to Clear Channel Communications for WALK AM-FM in Patchogue, New York as part of the sale of the WALK stations to Connoisseur Media.

</doc>
<doc id="2886525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886525" title="Stadttempel">
Stadttempel

The Stadttempel (), also called the Seitenstettengasse Temple, is the main synagogue of Vienna, Austria. It is located in the Innere Stadt 1st district, at Seitenstettengasse 4.
History.
The synagogue was constructed in 1824 and 1826. The luxurious Stadttempel was fitted into a block of houses and hidden from plain view of the street, because of an edict issued by Emperor Joseph II that only Roman Catholic places of worship were allowed to be built with facades fronting directly on to public streets. Ironically, this edict saved the synagogue from total destruction during the "Kristallnacht" in November 1938, since the synagogue could not be destroyed without setting on fire the buildings to which it was attached. The Stadttempel was the only synagogue in the city to survive World War II, as the Nazis destroyed all of the other 93 synagogues and Jewish prayer-houses in Vienna.
In August 1950, the coffins of Theodor Herzl and his parents were displayed at the synagogue, prior to their transfer for reburial in Israel.
In the 1981 Vienna synagogue attack, two people from a bar mitzvah ceremony at the synagogue were murdered and thirty injured when Palestinian Arab terrorists attacked the synagogue with machine guns and hand grenades.
Today the synagogue is the main house of prayer for the Viennese Jewish Community of about 7,000 members.
The synagogue has been declared a historic monument.
Architecture.
The synagogue was designed in elegant Biedermeier style the Viennese architect Joseph Kornhäusel, architect to Johann I Joseph, Prince of Liechtenstein, for whom he had built palaces, theaters and other buildings. Construction was supervised by the official municipal architect, Jacob Heinz.
Two five-story apartment houses, Numbers 2 and 4 Seitenstettengasse were built at the same time as the synagogue, designed by the architect to screen the synagogue from the street in compliance with the Patent of Toleration, which permitted members of tolerated faiths ot worship in clandestine churches, but not in buildings with facades on public streets. The synagogue is structurally attached to the apartment building at # 4 Seitenstettengasse.
The synagogue itself is in the form of an oval. A ring of twelve Ionic columns support a two-tiered women's gallery. Originally, the galleries ended one column away from the Torah Ark, they were later extended to the columns beside the ark to provide more seating. the building is domed and lit by a lantern in the center of the dome, in classic Biedermeyer style.
A commemorative glass made at the time of the synagogue's dedication and etched with a detailed image of the synagogue's interior is now in the collection of the Jewish Museum (New York). 
The synagogue underwent renovation in 1895 and again in 1904 by the Jewish architect Wilhelm Stiassny, adding considerable ornamentation, and, in the opinion of architectural historian Rachel Wischnitzer, "the serene harmony of the design was spoiled by renovations." Damage inflicted on Kristallnacht was repaired in 1949. The "Stadttempel" was renovated once again in 1963 by Prof. Otto Niedermoser.

</doc>
<doc id="2886535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886535" title="John C. White">
John C. White

John Coyle White (November 26, 1924 – January 20, 1995) was an elected and appointed Democratic official from Texas. He was the longest-serving Texas Commissioner of Agriculture, first elected in 1950 and serving until his resignation in 1977. He was the youngest person ever elected to statewide office in Texas. From 1977 to 1978, he was United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture. From 1978 to 1981, he was the chairman of the Democratic National Committee under U.S. President Jimmy Carter.
Early years.
White was born in Newport in Clay County in north Texas. His father, Ed White, was a sharecropper. White graduated in 1946 from Texas Tech University in Lubbock.
Texas agriculture commissioner.
At the age of twenty-five, White was elected statewide as the Agriculture Commissioner, the youngest person ever elected to statewide office in Texas. He was re-elected twelve times and served 26.5 years in the post. He worked to smooth the transition of Texas frp, an agricultural to a predominately urban economy. White established marketing programs that served as models for other state governments. He was responsible for establishing a close working relationship with Mexican agricultural entities that had expanded markets for both countries.
Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.
In 1977, U.S. President Jimmy Carter nominated White to serve as Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. He was responsible for the implementation of national agriculture policy and was the chief U.S. representative in negotiations with foreign governments, including the Soviet Union, on grain agreements. White served during a period of great unrest among the nation's farmers. His calm and reasoned arbitration with disaffected groups resulted in several successful changes in U.S. farm policy. White resigned his post in 1978, when President Carter tapped him to lead the Democratic National Committee.
Chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
He helped the Democratic Party retain its majority in the 1978 congressional elections. The Republicans took control of the presidency and the U.S. Senate in the 1980 elections, but the Democrats retained their majority in the United States House of Representatives under the leadership of Tip O'Neill. John White was DNC chairman at a time when Democrats controlled the White House, the Senate, the House of Representatives, and a majority of governorships.
Death and burial.
White died on January 20, 1995 in Washington, D.C. He is interred at the Texas State Cemetery in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2886542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886542" title="Brad Norton">
Brad Norton

Brad Norton (born February 13, 1975) is an American former professional ice hockey player. Norton played for several teams in the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the younger brother of former NHLer Jeff Norton, and is married to Playboy Radio afternoon advice show host Tiffany Granath.
Playing career.
Norton started his professional career with the Detroit Vipers in the IHL in 1997. He was drafted in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft as the Edmonton Oilers' ninth-round pick, #215 overall. He has played a total of 124 NHL games with the Florida Panthers, Los Angeles Kings, Washington Capitals, Ottawa Senators and the Detroit Red Wings.
Norton signed with Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga. On December 15, 2006, he abruptly left the team to play in North America by invoking an NHL release clause in his contract. The Senators signed Norton to a one-year two-way deal on March 8, 2006. He gained viral video fame that year when his 16 April non-fight with Montreal Canadiens enforcer Aaron Downey. The two squared off with fists raised for forty seconds before being escorted to the penalty box without having thrown a punch or made contact in any way.
On June 23, 2006, Norton was signed by the Detroit Red Wings. He started the 2006–07 season, with the Red Wings, but injury struck and he was assigned to affiliate, the Grand Rapids Griffins, upon recovery. 
Norton signed a one-year contract with the San Jose Sharks on July 18, 2007. Norton did not play a game with the Sharks as a back injury caused him to miss the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2886547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886547" title="Ebling Mis">
Ebling Mis

Ebling Mis is a fictional character from Isaac Asimov's Foundation Series. Specifically, he is one of the main characters from the latter half of the novel "Foundation and Empire". Mis is the Foundation's greatest psychologist and a very prominent scientist. He is described in the book as being "The Scientist — with capital letters and no smile." Because of this, he is allowed a certain lenience in formality when dealing with the government; no disrespect or broken taboo was worth losing his contribution to science. For instance, Mis disregards the usual protocol involved with requesting an audience with the Mayor, and instead, he barges into the palace unannounced.
Mis is important to the Mule's goal of galactic conquest. He is sought out by the Mule and brought along on with Toran and Bayta Darrell on their journey, still unaware of the Mule's presence. While on Haven, Mis speculates about the nature of the Mule. He and Randu discuss the probability that the Mule is a mutant and if so, what sort of abilities he might have. As they are debating the explanations to the peculiarities that have recently occurred, they come very close to the truth, but they do not realise that even as they speak, Haven is under the influence of the Mule's power. Mis and his companions leave for Trantor to find the location of the Second Foundation and a way to defeat the Mule. As they travel, Mis becomes more and more withdrawn. In fact, in the pages leading up to their arrival on Trantor, he is only barely mentioned in the plot. When he is described, it is typically as being in a pensive mood and oblivious to events happening around him. After landing on Trantor his condition worsens considerably. 
He spends the last few chapters locked in the catalogue rooms of the University, poring over old documents, and frantically trying to uncover the secret location of the Second Foundation. It is later discovered that the Mule was manipulating him into this state of arousal in order to achieve the great insights that would emulate Hari Seldon's work. Unfortunately for Mis, this heightened state is fatal, and when he did discover the secret, he was on his deathbed. Bayta Darrell sees through the Mule's plan, and she kills Mis with a blaster before he could reveal the location of the other Foundation. Ebling Mis is possibly the only one since Seldon's time to have discovered the secret, but the information died with him, and the truth about the Second Foundation would not be revealed until many years later.
In later times, a spaceship is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2886554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886554" title="Bell Telephone Company">
Bell Telephone Company

The Bell Telephone Company, a common law joint stock company, was organized in Boston, Massachusetts on July 9, 1877, by Alexander Graham Bell's father-in-law Gardiner Greene Hubbard, who also helped organize a sister company — the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company. The Bell Telephone Company was started on the basis of holding "potentially valuable patents", principally Bell's master telephone patent #174465.
The two companies merged on February 17, 1879, to form two new entities, the National Bell Telephone Company of Boston, and the International Bell Telephone Company, soon-after established by Hubbard and which became headquartered in Brussels, Belgium. Theodore Vail then took over its operations at that point, becoming a central figure in its rapid growth and commercial success. 
The National Bell Telephone Company subsequently merged with others on March 20, 1880, to form the American Bell Telephone Company, also of Boston, Massachusetts.
Upon its inception, the Bell Telephone Company was organized with Hubbard as "trustee", although he was additionally its "de facto" president, since he also controlled his daughter's shares by power of attorney, and with Thomas Sanders, its principal financial backer, as treasurer. The American Bell Telephone Company would later evolve into the American Telephone & Telegraph Company (AT&T), at times the world's largest telephone company.
Predecessor to the Bell Company.
The Bell Patent Association (February 27, 1875 – July 9, 1877, a name later assigned by historians), was technically not a corporate entity but a trusteeship and a partnership, and was first established verbally in 1874 to be the holders of the patents produced by Bell and his assistant Thomas Watson. 
Approximate one-third interests were at first held by Gardiner Greene Hubbard, a lawyer and Bell's future father-in-law; Thomas Sanders, the well-to-do leather merchant father of one of Bell's deaf students (and who was the very first to enter into an agreement with Bell); and finally by Alexander Graham Bell himself. Hubbard would subsequently register some of his shares with two other family members. An approximate 10% interest of the patent association was later assigned by its principals to Bell's technical assistant Thomas Watson, in lieu of salary and for his earlier financial support to Bell while they worked together creating their first functional telephones. 
The verbal Patent Association agreement was first formalized in a memorandum of agreement on February 27, 1875. The Patent Association's assets would later became the foundational assets of the Bell Telephone Company.
Earliest division of Bell Company shares and corporate evolution.
At the time of the organization of the Bell Telephone Company as an Association (also known as the Bell Company), on July 9, 1877 as a joint stock company in 1877 by Hubbard, who soon became its trustee and "de facto" president, 5,000 shares in total were issued to:
The Bell Telephone Company was formally incorporated in Massachusetts on July 30, 1878 with 4,500 shares of stock. It then merged with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company (incorporated on February 12, 1878) to form the National Bell Telephone Company (incorporated on March 13, 1879 with 7,280 shares, later increased to 8,500 shares in May 1880). A little over a year later it was then reorganized to become the American Bell Telephone Company (incorporated on April 17, 1880 with 73,500 shares, which included 14,000 trustee shares held by National Bell Telephone). American Bell's outstanding stock rose to 258,863 shares by May 1900.
Two days after the company's formation, on July 11, 1877, Bell married Hubbard's daughter Mabel Gardiner Hubbard, and made a wedding gift of 1,487 shares of his allotment to his new wife, keeping only 10 shares for himself. Bell and his wife left not long after for a tour of Europe that lasted over a year, during which time Mabel left her shares with her father under a power of attorney, allowing him to become the new company's defacto president.
Both Hubbard and Sander's roles in the newly born company were pivotal to its early survival and its eventual growth to become a corporate giant. Hubbard's very early structuring of its telephone service by leasing, instead of selling telephones, was critical to its success. He based his decision on the previous legal work he performed for the Gordon McKay Shoe Machinery Company, where its shoe sewing machines were leased, not sold, and royalties also had to be paid to the Gordon McKay Company based on the numbers of shoes produced. Hubbard insisted that leasing was the better option, even if it significantly raised the need for initial capital expenses. Sanders for his part, a wealthy leather merchant, provided most of the financing for both Bell's research and the young company, eventually amounting to expenditures of some $110,000 "before he received any reimbursement" by the sale of his shares.
Not long after the National Bell Telephone Company was established it required substantial new capital in order to maintain its majority share ownership of its affiliate telephone companies and to also provide further funds for expansion of its overall telephone infrastructure. On April 17, 1880, National Bell was split into the American Bell Telephone Company, led by Theodore Vail as general manager, and with the International Bell Telephone Company (IBTC) as a holding company for its international subsidiaries. IBTC’s ﬁrst non-North American subsidiary was the Bell Telephone Manufacturing Company (BTM), established by Hubbard at Antwerp, Belgium, in 1882 (the Bell System's Bell Telephone Company of Canada subsidiary, wholly owned by the National Bell, having been established two years earlier).
Alexander Graham Bell's ten shares of Bell Telephone Company stock were later converted into a "single" share of the American Bell Telephone Company, and still later into "two" shares of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company. AT&T President Frederick Fish would subsequently return Bell's single American Bell Telephone Company share to him as a memento after it had been converted and canceled.
Of the Bell Company's original shareholders, Thomas Watson resigned his position in 1881 with his shares bringing him up to the status of a millionaire, thereafter living a colourful life as a Shakespearean actor and later as a shipyard owner and ship builder—always retaining his friendship with Bell. Thomas Sanders, whose entire personal fortune was virtually depleted during the Bell Telephone's first formative years (until a historic settlement was reached with Bell's fierce competitor Western Union on November 10, 1879), quickly sold his Bell shares for almost $1,000,000 but then lost most of his wealth with an investment in a Colorado gold mine. He also remained a confident of Bell, who would later help ensure the welfare of Sander's deaf son in his adulthood.
Hubbard was satisfied to leave the head of the Bell Company to another major investor, William Forbes, who was brought into the company as its president and as a member of its board of directors in late 1878. Under Forbes' leadership a new executive committee was created at its corporate level to reorganize and run the overall company with professional management. The company was also recapitalized, with Vail continuing as its head of operations. After leaving the offices of what became the American Bell Telephone Company, Hubbard created the National Geographic Society as its president, with Bell succeeding him the next year.
Ownership of American Bell was transferred to its own subsidiary, American Telephone & Telegraph Company (AT&T Company) on the second to last day of 1899. AT&T had originally been incorporated on April 17, 1880 as American Bell's 'long lines' division to handle its long distance telecommunications. On the first day of the 20th century, AT&T, a publicly traded corporation, owned the major assets of American Bell and thus became the head of the Bell System. By December 31, 1900 it had 569,901 shares of stock outstanding, which rose to 18,662,275 shares at the close of 1935.
Early promotional success.
Alexander Graham Bell's fiancée Mabel Hubbard was the indirect source of the Bell Telephone Company's early commercial success after his creation of the telephone. The U.S. Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1876 brought Bell's newly invented telephone international attention. Exhibition judges Emperor Dom Pedro II of the Empire of Brazil and the eminent British physicist William Thomson (Lord Kelvin) recommended his device to the Committee of Electrical Awards, which voted Bell the Gold Medal for Electrical Equipment, helping to propel him to international fame. Bell also won a second Gold Medal for his additional display at the exposition, Visible Speech —developed earlier by his equally famous father Alexander Melville Bell. 
Pivotally, late in the evening moments after the main group of tired judges and newspaper reporters had quickly looked over and derided Bell's telephone display, Emperor Dom Pedro, who was straggling, entered the fair's Education Building where Bell's two displays were located. As the main group started moving on to the next exhibit to be reviewed, Dom Pedro came upon the displays and called out to Bell in his booming voice: "What are you doing here?" The emperor had previously met Bell in Boston much earlier while visiting schools for the deaf in the United States.
Startled by the emperor's enthusiastic response to Bell's telephone demonstration—during which the emperor exclaimed "My God! It talks!", the crowd of judges and press members became energized and vied to take turns communicating with Bell over his invention.
Ironically, Bell, who was then a full-time teacher, hadn't even planned on exhibiting at the fair due to his heavy teaching schedule and preparation for his student's examinations. He went to Philadelphia only at the stern insistence of Mabel Hubbard, his then-fiancée and future wife and who was an expert multilingual lip reader, deaf since age five. 
Mabel had understood Bell's reluctance to go to the exhibition and display his works, so she secretly bought his train ticket to Philadelphia, packed his bag, and then took the unknowing Bell to Boston's train station, where she told her shocked fiancé that he was going on a trip. When Bell started arguing, Mabel turned her sight away from him and became literally deaf to his protests.
Worldwide expansion.
In 1879 Gardiner Hubbard founded the International Bell Telephone Company in order to promote sales of its telephone equipment throughout Europe. During his tour of the continent the Belgian government offered him the greatest financial incentives to establish his European subsidiary's headquarters in their country. 
The International Bell Telephone Company (IBTC) shortly evolved into a holding company for its various telephone service and production divisions, with its major manufacturing arm being the Bell Telephone Manufacturing Company (BTMC), which was founded in Antwerp, Belgium, on 26 April 1882. BTMC was created as a joint venture by the International Bell Telephone Company of New York and the Western Electric Company of Chicago, Illinois. BTMC then established la "Compagnie Belge du Téléphone Bell" ("Bell Telephone Company of Belgium") in the same year as its Belgian operating subsidiary for telephone service, one of several companies that provided such service in the country, the others having evolved principally from telegraph carriers. 
BTMC eventually came under complete ownership by Western Electric, and also established multiple other divisions as national companies across Continental Europe and Russia. Western Electric was itself later majority owned by the American Bell Telephone Company, returning indirect control of BTMC back to the Bell organization.
Divestiture of most international divisions.
At the very close of 1899, the American Bell Telephone Company was acquired, for business purposes, by its own subsidiary, the American Telephone & Telegraph Company (AT&T), which then became the head of the monolithic and monopolistic Bell System. 
Significant criticism of AT&T (a monopoly) had emerged in the United States that domestic telephone system rates were higher than they needed to be, and that AT&T was using those revenues to subsidize its European operations. Due to that reason and others, and also due to the U.S. Government's regulatory intervention, AT&T president Walter Gifford divested almost all of its international interests in 1925, with the exceptions of the Bell Telephone Company of Canada (now called Bell Canada), and Northern Electric (now called Nortel). 
In 1925 the European division and its subsidiaries were sold to the International Telephone & Telegraph Company (IT&T, unaffiliated with AT&T) of Cuba, at the start of that company's meteoric rise in the international telecommunications industry.
Acquisition by AT&T.
By 1881 American Bell had acquired a controlling interest in the Western Electric Company from Western Union. Only three years earlier, Western Union had turned down Gardiner Hubbard's offer to sell it all rights to the telephone for US$100,000 (approximately $ in current dollars). In only a few years Western Union's president would acknowledge that it was a serious business error, one that nearly led to his company later almost being swallowed up by the newly emerging telecommunications giant into which Bell Telephone would shortly evolve. Western Union was saved from demise only by the U.S. Government's anti-monopoly interventions.
A year earlier in 1880 the management of American Bell had created what would become AT&T Long Lines. The project was the first of its kind to create a nationwide long-distance network with a commercially viable cost-structure. The project was formally incorporated in New York State as a separate company named American Telephone and Telegraph Company on March 3, 1885. Starting from New York, its long-distance telephone network reached Chicago, Illinois, in 1892, with its multitudes of local exchanges continuing to stretch further and further yearly, eventually creating a continent-wide telephone system.
On December 30, 1899, the assets of American Bell were transferred into its subsidiary American Telephone and Telegraph Company (formerly "AT&T Long Lines"); this was because Massachusetts corporate laws were very restrictive, and limited capitalization to ten million dollars, forestalling American Bell's further growth. With this assets transfer on the second to last day of the 19th Century, AT&T became the parent of both American Bell and the Bell System. 
John Elbridge Hudson joined Bell Telephone as counsel in 1880 and served as president from 1889 to 1900. AT&T would later be acquired by SBC Communications which became the "New AT&T".
Memorials to Bell's invention.
In 1906 the citizens of the City of Brantford, Ontario, Canada and its surrounding area formed the Bell Memorial Association to commemorate the invention of the telephone by Alexander Graham Bell in July 1874 at his parent's home, Melville House, near Brantford. Walter Allward's design was the unanimous chose from among 10 submitted models, winning the competition. The memorial was originally to be completed by 1912 but Allward did not finish it until five years later. The Governor General of Canada, Victor Cavendish, 9th Duke of Devonshire, ceremoniously unveiled the memorial on 24 October 1917.
Allward designed the monument to symbolize the telephone's ability to overcome distances. A series of steps lead to the main section where the allegorical figures of "Inspiration" appears over a reclining male figure representing "Man, the inventor", and also pointing to the floating figures of "Knowledge", "Joy", and "Sorrow", positioned at the other end of the tableau. At each end of the memorial there are two female figures mounted on granite pedestals representing "Humanity", one sending and the other receiving a message.
The Bell Telephone Memorial's grandeur has been described as the finest example of Allward's early work, propelling the sculptor to fame. The memorial itself has been used as a central fixture for many civic events and remains an important part of Brantford's history, helping the city of Brantford to style itself as" 'The Telephone City'."
The Bell Memorial Association also purchased the Bell family's former farmhouse, Melville House, and its orchard at Tutela Heights, opening it as a museum to the family and to the invention of the telephone. in 1996 it was declared a historic landmark, and is now known as the Bell Homestead National Historic Site.
References.
Footnotes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2886559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886559" title="Jasper McLevy">
Jasper McLevy

Jasper McLevy (March 27, 1878—November 20, 1962) was an American politician who served as mayor of Bridgeport, Connecticut from 1933-1957. He was a member of the Socialist Party, later leaving in protest to join the Social Democratic Federation.
Early years.
Jasper McLevy was born to Scottish immigrants Hugh and Mary Stewart McLevy in Bridgeport on March 27, 1878. McLevy worked first as a roofer, learning the trade from his uncle after his own father died when he was 14. After reading Edward Bellamy's futuristic, utopian novel "Looking Backward", he became a socialist, and helped form the Bridgeport Socialist Party in the early 1900s. The 24-year-old idealist first ran for the Connecticut General Assembly under the Socialist banner in 1902, collecting a grand total of 215 votes. He ran another 20 unsuccessful campaigns for local, city, state and federal offices over the following years, including nine tries at mayor, the last in 1931. In all these races he ran as a Socialist at a time when socialists were portrayed as anarchists and bomb-throwers.
Mayor of Bridgeport.
In the early 1930s, Bridgeport, an industrial city in southern Connecticut, was plagued by corruption and hard hit by the Great Depression. In 1931, voters had ousted the incumbent Republican mayor for Democrat Edward Buckingham and McLevy only lost by a couple thousand votes. By 1933, dissatisfaction had spread to both parties and McLevy trounced the competition, bringing along a Socialist majority on the Board of Aldermen, Bridgeport's city council. While people familiar with local politics had seen the writing on the wall in the 1931 results, the national media was astonished to find the Socialists in control in a New England city.
Contrary to the fears of some, capital did not flee Bridgeport and McLevy began upon a reform agenda rather than a revolution. In a time of reduced revenue due to the Depression and, with city coffers depleted by corruption, McLevy managed to meet the City's obligations and balance the books, even reducing taxes. He withheld the lucrative contract for trash hauling, instituting municipal trash collection, saving the city hundreds of thousands of dollars. He took over Pleasure Beach where concessionaires had been reneging on taxes and rent for years. He began the process of putting all city purchases out for competitive bidding. In one instance when asphalt suppliers all supplied identical bids, he threatened to create a municipal asphalt supplier and broke their cartel. He championed transparency, opening all board and commission meetings to the press and the public ("Operation Goldfish Bowl"). He sold the expensive limousine his predecessor had used. He instituted a merit system in the police and fire departments. McLevy went on to be reelected eleven times.
While he was a Socialist, McLevy was known for his fiscal restraint. When asked, after a snow storm, when the City would begin plowing snow, McLevy allegedly replied, "God put the snow there, let him take it away." McLevy gained a reputation for balancing budgets, reducing spending and micromanaging city affairs. In the vernacular of the time, McLevy was referred to as a "sewer socialist", a pragmatist who focused on the details of running a city.
In the shadow of McLevy's victory, Bridgeport elected several Socialists to the state legislature in 1934.
Even though he was now residing in the mayor's office, McLevy continued to be a perennial candidate for higher office. In a 1938 gubernatorial campaign, he was called a spoiler when his votes made the difference in Republican Raymond Baldwin's ouster of incumbent Democrat Wilbur L. Cross.
In 1941, Wesleyan University awarded McLevy an honorary degree.
In 1957, after twenty-four years of service, McLevy was defeated in his bid for reelection as mayor by Samuel J. Tedesco. He ran again, unsuccessfully, in 1959, but finally retired from politics in 1960 due to illness.
McLevy and the Socialists.
As early as 1936, left-wing socialists, such as party leader Norman Thomas, accused McLevy, a member of the Old Guard, of only paying "lip service" to socialism. Ultimately, these disagreements led to McLevy taking the Connecticut Socialists out of the National Party briefly in 1938 and permanently in 1950.
McLevy was a member of the conservative wing of the Socialist Party. He was a member of the Provisional Executive Committee of the Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party established in 1934 in response to the defeat of the Old Guard faction at the 1934 Detroit Convention of the Socialist Party. When this faction lost in its bid to defeat the radical Declaration of Principles adopted in Detroit in referendum balloting of the SP's rank and file, the more conservative Party members broke away to form the Social Democratic Federation. McLevy joined them and disaffiliated his state party from the national Socialists. This caused friction between McLevy and other local Socialists who stayed with the party, including journalist Devere Allen, a close associate of party leader Norman Thomas, and state representative Jack Bergen.
Death and legacy.
McLevy died on November 20, 1962.
His papers are archived at University of Bridgeport.
McLevy is remembered today as perhaps Bridgeport's second-most famous mayor (the first being P.T. Barnum). McLevy Hall and McLevy Green between Broad and Main Street at State Street are both named for Jasper McLevy.

</doc>
<doc id="2886563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886563" title="Gar'in">
Gar'in

Gar'in (, "lit." Kernel) is a Hebrew term used for groups of people who moved together to Ottoman Palestine, British Palestine, and since 1948, Israel. 
Background.
Since the beginning of the 20th century, groups of people (usually circles of young friends) moved to Palestine/Israel together. The term "gar'in" originally referred to these groups who came from all across the world. Immigrating in a group provided the support necessary for survival. Many of these groups founded their own kibbutzim. The phenomemon of these groups has been ongoing since before Israel was established in 1948.
A variation of the original Gar'in groups still exist today. Whilst it is rare for gar'in to move to Israel together and form a community, the groups provide support for people interested in moving to Israel. They also provide forums for social-networking, information gathering, and encouragement.

</doc>
<doc id="2886564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886564" title="1993 Latur earthquake">
1993 Latur earthquake

The Latur earthquake struck India at 03:56 local time (UTC + 05:30) on September 30, 1993. The main area affected was Maharashtra State in Western India. The earthquake primarily affected the districts of Latur and Osmanabad including Ausa block of Latur and Umerga of Osmanabd. 52 villages were demolished in the intraplate earthquake. It measured 6.2 on the moment magnitude scale, and approximately 10,000 people died, whilst another 30,000 were injured. The earthquake's focus was around 12 km deep – relatively shallow – causing shock waves to cause more damage.
Because India does not lie on a plate boundary there was some debate as to what caused the earthquake. One suggestion is the existence of fault webs. The Indian sub-continent crumples as it pushes against Asia and pressure is released. It is possible that this pressure is released along fault lines. Another argument is that reservoir construction along the Terna was responsible for increasing pressure on fault lines.
Killari, where the epicenter of the quake is believed to be, had a large crater, which remains in place to date.
Relief efforts.
Several foreign and local donors reacted immediately to the tragedy by sending relief teams and rescue workers. The first convoy of over 120 trucks laden with relief material such as tents, blankets, food and clothing, medical supplies and temporary shelters given by international donors departed from Mumbai at around 10am on October 2, 1993. The Indian Army, State Reserve Police Force, Central Reserve Police Force and other law enforcement agencies rushed their personnel almost immediately after the quake, assuming there would be a greater number of casualties.
Among the first to respond were amateur radio operators from Mumbai and Hyderabad, who had rushed to Omerga, a town near Latur from where all quake-hit areas could be accessed by road. The Mumbai-based JNA Wireless Association undertook a special mission. With four-wheel drive vehicles given for the purpose by Mahindra and Mahindra, a group of eight Mumbai-based radio hams escorted the supplies convoy from Mumbai to Omerga. Later, the radio operators split into four groups and visited scores of ravaged villages, relaying vital information – such as possible outbreak of disease, food supply and devastation – to a control station set up in Omerga. During the 10 and a half day trip, these radio hams successfully assisted disaster mitigation efforts undertaken by the Indian government and private aid agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="2886571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886571" title="Callimachus (sculptor)">
Callimachus (sculptor)

Callimachus () was an architect and sculptor working in the second half of the 5th century BC in the manner established by Polyclitus. He was credited with work in both Athens and Corinth and was probably from one of the two cities. According to Vitruvius (iv.1), for his great ingenuity and taste the Athenians dubbed Callimachus "katatêxitechnos" (literally, 'finding fault with one's own craftsmanship': perfectionist). His reputation in the 2nd century AD was reported in an aside by Pausanias as one "although not of the first rank of artists, was yet of unparalleled cleverness, so that he was the first to drill holes through stones"—that is, in order to enhance surface effects of light and shade in locks of hair, foliage and other details. Thus it is reported that Callimachus was known for his penchant for elaborately detailed sculptures or drapery, though few securely attributed works by him survive.
Sculpture.
Callimachus is credited with the sculptures of Nikes on the frieze of the Temple of Athena Nike ("Athena, Bringer of Victory") on the Propylaea of the Acropolis of Athens. The small temple was commissioned by Pericles shortly before his death in 429, and built "ca" 427– 410. Pliny mentions his "Laconian Dancers". Six ecstatic "Maenads" attributed to him exist in Roman copies.
The clinging draperies of the above works has led to the original of the Venus Genetrix type (whose draperies are similarly clinging) being also attributed to him.
Architecture.
Callimachus is credited with inventing the Corinthian capital, which Roman architects erected into one of the Classical orders.
The attribution comes from Vitruvius's "On Architecture" (book IV) (here in Morris Hicky Morgan's translation):
There is no way to corroborate Vitruvius's account, but since the elaborate design of the Corinthian column resembles other works attributed to Callimachus, the attribution seems reasonable to modern architectural historians. The complex and difficult design of the column's capital often required drilling to undercut the leaf edges.
In the cella of the Erechtheion hung an ingenious golden lamp invented by Callimachus, according to Pausanias' "Description of Greece": it needed to be refilled with oil only once a year. Above it hung a bronze palm branch which trapped any rising smoke.
An inscription from Aigai of the late 5th century BC may be attributed to some work of Callimachus and the time when Archelaus invited artists to Macedon.

</doc>
<doc id="2886578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886578" title="Eddie Jemison">
Eddie Jemison

Edward Francis "Eddie" Jemison, Jr. (born 1963) is an American film and television actor. He is known for his roles in the "Ocean's Eleven" trilogy and the television series "Hung".
Life and career.
Jemison was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the son of Rosalie (née Centanni) and Edward Francis Jemison. He is of Irish and Italian descent. He was raised in Kenner, Louisiana and attended a Catholic secondary school, Archbishop Rummel High School. He graduated from Louisiana State University where he was a member of the Delta Chi Fratenity.
He has made multiple appearances on "Late Night with David Letterman", and starred in television pilots for NBC and ABC.
Jemison is a veteran of the Chicago theatre scene. His stage credits include "The Wizards of Quiz" at the National Jewish Theatre; "Only Kidding" at the Wisdom Bridge Theatre; "Loot" at Tulane Repertory; "A Christmas Carol" at the Goodman Theatre; "Talking to Myself" and "Holiday Memories" at the Northlight Theatre; and "T Bone N Weasel" at Victory Gardens. Jemison also performed in "The Two Gentlemen of Verona" and "As You Like It" at the Chicago Shakespeare Theater.
In mid-1990s, before starting a film career, he starred in a series of Bud Light commercials with the tagline "Yes, I am". Offered a contract to continue playing the wildly popular character, Eddie instead chose to pursue music for a time, which prompted the creation of the now famous "Budwieser Frogs". Online Eddie recently starred in the web-series Self-Storage.

</doc>
<doc id="2886582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886582" title="Meile Rockefeller">
Meile Rockefeller

Meile Louise Rockefeller (born December 5, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American lawyer, philanthropist, heiress, and real-estate developer. She is the daughter of Rodman Clark Rockefeller and his first wife, Barbara Ann Olsen. Her paternal grandfather was New York Governor and U.S. Vice President Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller. She is a member of the Rockefeller family. 
Education.
Meile earned a bachelor's degree in political economics from Williams College in 1979 and a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from New York University.
Career.
Rockefeller is a lawyer, real-estate developer, drug law reformer, and serves on the board of the Counseling Service of the Eastern District of New York.
Political protest.
In 2002, at age 46, Rockefeller was arrested for protesting the "Rockefeller drug laws" which bear the name of her grandfather, who secured their passage as governor of the state of New York in 1973. She was accompanied by her brother, Stuart Rockefeller, and was supported by other members of the family on the issue, including her grandfather's brother, Laurance Rockefeller.

</doc>
<doc id="2886583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886583" title="Bugle-Observer">
Bugle-Observer

The Bugle-Observer is a newspaper based in Woodstock, New Brunswick, which provides local news to Carleton and York Counties. The paper publishes twice weekly, on Tuesday and a weekend edition on Friday. 
History.
Woodstock's newspaper began as two papers, The Bugle and The Observer in the neighboring town of Hartland. The papers merged to become the Bugle-Observer and today provide all of Carleton County with the latest news and events. In 2008 The Bugle Observer celebrated its 100th Anniversary in the Woodstock market, one of the oldest newspapers in New Brunswick.The Bugle-Observer is published Tuesday and the Bugle-Observer Weekend is distributed Friday.
The paper is owned by Brunswick News. The paper has gone by the name of "The Bugle" since it began in 1963 until it was sold to Brunswick News in 2003. When the Bugle began there was a rival newspaper called was called "The Sentinel Press". The paper in neighboring town Hartland, the "Observer", was bought by Brunswick News and the two were combined, merging both paper's staffs into one office in Woodstock, publishing each paper separately for a short time before combining them into one single edition to cover both towns and surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2886584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886584" title="Carolina (film)">
Carolina (film)

Carolina is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Marleen Gorris, starring Julia Stiles, Shirley MacLaine, Alessandro Nivola, Mika Boorem, Randy Quaid, and Jennifer Coolidge. Lisa Sheridan has a cameo role in the film, and Barbara Eden has the uncredited part of Daphne. It is set in Los Angeles, California. Shot in 2003, the film failed to find a distributor and was released direct-to-video in 2005.
Miramax Films was the domestic distributor, but failed to release it in theaters. When Harvey Weinstein screened the film he told the producers, "You have a hit movie on your hands. We're going to blast this on MTV all over Super Bowl Weekend." This was in December 2001. The producers never heard about it again until 2005 when it was suddenly released Direct-to-DVD.
The film began principal photography in July 2001. Kathy Bates was originally slated to play the role of "Grandma Millicent Mirabeau", but dropped out after make-up/hair tests due to the shut down of the original production shoot date. Shirley MacLaine eventually stepped in to play the role of "Grandma Millicent Mirabeau".

</doc>
<doc id="2886590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886590" title="Snap-dragon (game)">
Snap-dragon (game)

Snap-dragon (also known as Flap-dragon, Snapdragon, or Flapdragon) was a parlour game popular from about the 16th to 19th centuries. It was played during the winter, particularly on Christmas Eve. Brandy was heated and placed in a wide shallow bowl; raisins were placed in the brandy which was then set alight. Typically, lights were extinguished or dimmed to increase the eerie effect of the blue flames playing across the liquor. The aim of the game was to pluck the raisins out of the burning brandy and eat them, at the risk of being burnt. Samuel Johnson's "Dictionary of the English Language" (1755) describes it as "a play in which they catch raisins out of burning brandy and, extinguishing them by closing the mouth, eat them". According to an eighteenth-century article in Richard Steele's "Tatler" magazine, "the wantonness of the thing was to see each other look like a demon, as we burnt ourselves, and snatched out the fruit." Snap-dragon was played in England, Canada, and the United States, but there is insufficient evidence of the practice in Scotland, or other countries. In some families, this tradition continues to be practiced and enjoyed even into the 21st Century.
Meanings.
The words "snap-dragon" and "flap-dragon" can refer to the game, the raisins used in the game, or the bowl with brandy and raisins. Other senses of "flap-dragon" are that of something worthless or trivial, as in "A Flap-dragon for your service, Sir!" from William Congreve's "The Way of the World", and "a contemptuous term for a Dutchman or German". In "The Winter's Tale", Shakespeare used it as a verb, to describe a moment when a ship at sea is instantly swallowed up by a storm.
Ingredients.
The liquid used in Snap-dragon was typically brandy, although similar flammable liquors could also be used. Traditionally, raisins were the treat to be snatched; William Sandys specifies Málaga raisins. Other treats, however, could also be used. Of these, almonds were the most common alternative or addition, but currants, candied fruit, figs, grapes, and plums also featured. Salt could also be sprinkled in the bowl. The low bowl was typically placed in the middle of a table to prevent damage from the inevitable splashes of burning brandy. In one variation a Christmas pudding is placed in the centre of the bowl with raisins around it.
Traditions.
Most sources describe Snap-dragon as a Christmas tradition, however Blain suggests that in the United States it was played at Halloween instead, and Platt notes that
There were several other traditions surrounding the game of Snap-dragon. Mary F. Blain describes the belief that the person who snatches the most treats out of the brandy will meet their true love within a year. In another tradition, one of the raisins contains a gold button and becomes 'the lucky raisin'. The person who fishes the raisin out can claim a reward or boon of their choosing. In the short story "Master Sandy's Snapdragon" by Elbridge S. Brooks, Snap-dragon is played in the royal household of James I of England. Young Prince Charles (later Charles I of England) catches the lucky raisin and, after much prevarication, asks for the freedom of Walter Raleigh.
According to Robert Chambers' "Book of Days" (1879) the game was accompanied by a chant:
Literary references.
The first printed references to snap-dragons or flap-dragons are in Shakespeare's "Love's Labour's Lost" (1594):
and "Henry IV, Part 2" (1598):
John Dryden refers to them in his play "The Duke of Guise" (1683):
Snap-dragons were also described in Isaac D'Israeli's "The Curiosities of Literature" (1791–1823). However, at this time it was not a parlour game but a drinking game, with the snap-dragons being "small combustible bodies fired at one end and floated in a glass of liquor, which an experienced toper swallowed unharmed, while yet blazing." Sandys cites a related variant of Snap-dragon where a lit candle end is placed in a cup of ale or cider; the aim is to quaff the liquor without singeing one's face.
The first reference to Snap-dragon explicitly as a parlour game is in Francis Grose's "Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue" (1811): "Christmas gambol: raisins and almonds being put into a bowl of brandy, and the candles extinguished, the spirit is set on fire, and the company scramble for the raisins."
By the mid-19th century Snap-dragon was firmly entrenched as a Christmas parlour game, and it is in this sense that it is referenced in 1836, in Charles Dickens' "The Pickwick Papers" and in 1861, in Anthony Trollope's novel "Orley Farm".
Agatha Christie's book "Hallowe'en Party" describes a children's party (during which a child's murder causes Hercule Poirot to be brought in to solve the case) at which Snap-dragon is played at the end of the evening.
In The Dark Flight Down by Marcus Sedgwick, Chapter 5 describes a game of Snapdragon being played during the wake of Director Korp. The rules are described as a drinking game, whereby should a player drop the raisin, they have to take a shot. Boy recalls Valerian playing (and winning) the game with absinthe as the alcohol which burns, including how he used to show off as the game wore on.
Origins.
In the English play "Lingua" (1607) the practice is said to come from classical antiquity: "when Hercules had killed the flaming dragon of Hesperia with the apples of that orchard, he made this fiery meat; in memory whereof he named it Snapdragon." Brooks' "Master Sandy's Snapdragon" suggests another mythical origin, relating the fire of snap-dragons to Saint George and the dragon. Chambers suggests that it hearkens back to druidic fire-worship. According to the "Oxford English Dictionary" entry for "flapdragon", "the original sense may have been identical with a dialectal sense of "snapdragon", viz. a figure of a dragon's head with snapping jaws, carried about by the mummers at Christmas; but of this there is no trace in our quots".
Science.
Michael Faraday, in his essay "The Chemical History of a Candle" (1860), suggested that the raisins in Snap-dragon act like miniature wicks. The concept is similar to that of burning brandy on top of Christmas puddings – the brandy is burning, but is not burning at a high enough temperature to consume the raisins. Nevertheless, children often burnt their hands or mouths playing this game, which may have led to the practice mostly dying out in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2886597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886597" title="Robert Webster (virologist)">
Robert Webster (virologist)

Robert Gordon ("Rob") Webster (born 5 July 1932 in Balclutha, New Zealand) is an avian influenza expert, who correctly posited that pandemic strains of flu arise from genes in flu virus strains in nonhumans; for example, via a reassortment of genetic segments (antigenic shift) between viruses in humans and nonhumans (especially birds) rather than by mutations (antigenic drift) in annual human flu strains.
Background.
Robert Webster grew up on a New Zealand farm, and studied microbiology on leaving school, gaining his BSc from University of Otago, New Zealand in 1955, his MSc at the same university in 1957, and his PhD from the Australian National University, Canberra, Australia, in 1962.
He worked as a virologist with the New Zealand Department of Agriculture in 1958 - 1959 before being appointed Research Fellow at the Department of Microbiology at ANU's John Curtin Medical School, for 1964 - 1966. He moved to U.S. in 1969 where he became a member of both the Department of Microbiology and the Department of Immunology at the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, a city where he has lived ever since and has held many research posts.
Accomplishments.
Robert G. Webster holds the Rose Marie Thomas Chair in Virology at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. He is also director of the World Health Organization Collaborating Center on the Ecology of Influenza Viruses in Lower Animals and Birds, the world's only laboratory designed to study influenza at the animal-human interface. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of London, the Royal Society of Medicine and the Royal Society of New Zealand, and a member of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States. In December 2002, he was presented with the Bristol-Myers Squibb Award for Distinguished Achievement in Infectious Diseases Research.
Webster has been awarded membership of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, and the honour of fellow of both the Royal Societies of New Zealand and London. Other memberships he enjoys are of the American Society for Microbiology, American Society for Virology and the American Association for the Advancement of Science, as well as being a fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine. He also heads the World Health Organisation (WHO) collaborating laboratory on animal influenza.
Work on general influenza.
Webster's major discoveries relating to influenza include the likelihood that avians were most likely the culprit in other flu outbreaks. His work is also responsible for the method of human influenza vaccination that is commonly used. Before Webster and his colleagues separated the influenza virus into different particles, the entire influenza virus was injected into a patient as a vaccine - now, only certain parts of the virus are necessary to create the same response, lessening side effects of the vaccine.
H5N1 Work.
Webster's work with the avian flu can be said to have sprung from a beach walk with fellow researcher Graeme Laver, on which the men noticed a large number of birds dead along the shoreline. Webster wondered whether it was possible that the birds had died from the avian flu, and subsequently traveled to an island to take samples from hundreds of birds. This led to more trips, and eventually Webster discovered a link between the avian flu and the human flu. This link meant one thing to Webster: that it is possible for the avian and human viruses to combine, creating a new virus that humans would have no antibodies to. In an interview with NBC, he said that when he first reestablished there was a link, few paid attention to what he saw as a great danger. He was quoted as recalling that "The veterinarians said, 'Not a problem.' The medical people said, 'Not a problem.'" However, Webster theorizes that the only event that has to occur to begin a flu pandemic is the mixing of avian and human flu strains in the same mammalian cell - most likely in a pig. Pigs are similar enough in genetic makeup to humans that they are susceptible to the human flu; also, in many areas, pigs come in close contact with chickens or ducks, making it likely that they will catch the avian flu.
Another danger that Webster has uncovered is the duck. Ducks, while capable of catching and transmitting the avian flu virus through contact with chickens, seldom sicken and die from the exposure. Being alive and quite healthy, the ducks are then capable of spreading the virus to other areas.
He "is a world-renowned virologist, an expert in the structure and function of influenza virus proteins and the development of new vaccines and antivirals..."

</doc>
<doc id="2886599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886599" title="David Criswell">
David Criswell

David R. Criswell, Ph.D is the Director of the Institute for Space Systems Operations at the University of Houston. ISSO is the operational agent for the Houston Partnership for Space Exploration.
Criswell received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1963 (graduating cum laude) and a Master of Science degree in Physics in 1964 from the University of North Texas, in Denton, Texas. In 1968, he received a Doctorate degree in space physics and Astronomy from Rice University in Houston, Texas. 
He is an active member of the Power from Space Committee of the International Astronautical Federation and participates in IAF and United Nations Summits dealing with supplying energy to Earth. He also serves on the Board of Governors of the National Space Society, a non-profit space advocacy organization in Washington, D.C.
Views on exploiting lunar resources.
For over thirty years, Criswell has been an advocate for obtaining solar power from the moon. He proposes the large-scale construction of solar collectors on the lunar surface, using local lunar materials. The solar energy would be converted to microwave energy and transmitted to Earth.
Criswell envisions that this energy source would spur an unprecedented amount of global economic growth (Gross World Product increasing by a factor of 10), while having a positive environmental impact (fossil fuel-burning power plants would be decommissioned). He points out that lunar-solar energy would not generate nuclear waste, and is not a finite resource (in the sense that fossil fuels are a finite resource).
He estimates that a 1 GigaWatt demo of the lunar-solar power generation system could be built over a 10-year period for approximately $50 billion. If this estimate is accurate, it would indeed be a relatively small investment (To put the figure in perspective, Bill Gates' personal wealth is estimated to be $69 billion [http://philip.greenspun.com/WealthClock] and the 2008 total estimate for the war at Iraq is $500 billion ).
In short, Criswell believes that lunar-solar energy is the only viable option for generating the massive amounts of electrical power that would be needed to raise the standard of living in third-world nations to that of first-world nations.
He once said, from the University of Houston, that "We are already well beyond what the biosphere can provide. We have to go outside to get something else."

</doc>
<doc id="2886604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886604" title="Crown Court Church">
Crown Court Church

A Scottish Presbyterian congregation was first established in London during the reign of King James I of England and VI of Scots, following the Union of the Crowns in 1603. Some of his Scottish courtiers worshipped in a chapel near the old Whitehall Palace at the diplomatic site as “Scotland Yard” and later provided the original headquarters of London’s Metropolitan Police.
More tangible records date from 1711, when Crown Court Church was established near Covent Garden. The church was extensively rebuilt in 1909, but remained on the same site. The exterior of the church is scarcely visible as it shares walls with neighbouring buildings, whilst the interior retains a 17th-century feel (despite the early 20th-century rebuilding work.) The church is named after a small courtyard adjacent to its location, but is also known as the "Kirk of the Crown of Scotland".
Crown Court Church is the older of the two Church of Scotland congregations in London, the other being St Columba's in Pont Street, Knightsbridge. The church entrance is difficult to find, but is located in Russell Street, off Covent Garden, next to the Fortune Theatre and opposite the Theatre Royal.
The Reverend Philip Majcher (formerly a Chaplain in the British Army) was inducted as the new minister on 18 December 2007. The previous minister, the Reverend Sigrid Marten, moved to London Road Church, Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="2886606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886606" title="Bayard–Condict Building">
Bayard–Condict Building

The Bayard–Condict Building at 65 Bleecker Street between Broadway and Lafayette Street, at the head of Crosby Street in the NoHo neighbourhood of Manhattan, New York City is the only work of architect Louis Sullivan in New York City. It was built between 1897 and 1899 in the Chicago School style; the associate architect was Lyndon P. Smith. The building was originally known as the Condict Building before being renamed the Bayard Building. The building was considered to be a radical design for its time, since it contravened the strictures of American Renaissance architecture which were the accepted "status quo", but had little influence on architectural design in New York City, because of its location in the industrial area that Bleecker Street was during that period. It is located in the NoHo Historic District.
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1975, and has been a National Historic Landmark since 1976.,
Design.
This commercial office building is clad in white terra cotta over a masonry wall. The Bayard Building was one of the first steel skeleton frame skyscrapers in New York City and the Department of Buildings raised numerous objections to the design before the plans were finally accepted. It is one of the first examples of the Chicago school style of architecture in New York City.
The division of the building into three sections – an ornamented base, a shaft of identical stacked floors, and a decorated crown – illustrates Sullivan's views on skyscraper design. At 13 stories and 162 feet (49 meters) high, the building does not attempt to disguise its height, but rather accentuates it by leaving relatively undecorated mullions and pilasters. Sullivan's signature ornate floral designs decorate the base and top of the facade, and across the spandrels below the window openings. Figural sculptures of angels were added at the request of the client, Silas Alden Condict, over Sullivan's objections.
Restoration.
In 2000, WASA/Studio A, a New York City-based architecture and engineering firm, designed and oversaw the careful restoration of the exterior of the Bayard–Condict Building. Of the 7,000 glazed architectural terra-cotta tile units, 1,300 were found to be cracked and required removal. Of these, only 30 units were damaged beyond repair and were replicated. The remainder were epoxied and blind pinned, and then reinstalled. At some point in the building's history, the original storefronts were replaced with insensitive commercial aluminum storefronts. This "renovation" removed the extravagantly ornate original column capitals; only one survived in the basement of the Brooklyn Museum. When the storefronts were restored by others, WASA/Studio A had the column capitals replicated based on the surviving original and reinstalled.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2886607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886607" title="Bell's Amusement Park">
Bell's Amusement Park

Bell's Amusement Park was an amusement park located in Tulsa's Expo Square, part of the Tulsa County Fairground in Oklahoma. It operated for 55 years before closing in 2006. The park was especially known for its large wooden roller coaster, called Zingo, designed by John C. Allen and built in 1966–68.
History.
Robert Bell built a miniature train around his Tulsa house in 1948, and for a time ran children's rides at the Admiral Twin drive-in. In March 1951, he started the amusement park at the Fairgrounds with a small collection of rides and amusements including a three car train and a Shetland pony ride. This would later grow into a family-owned amusement park with several dozen rides and attractions. 
The park was forced to relinquish its position at the Square at the end of the 2006 season when the county did not renew its lease. The reason given for the park's removal was nonviable business plans, although Bell's asserted that the 2006 season was the most successful the park had seen for years and expansion plans were underway. The park paid $135,000 to the Expo in 2006 and a total of $12.5 million since 1951. The midway for the Tulsa State Fair was provided by Jerry Murphy, owner of Murphy Brothers Exposition. The carnival company was granted, in 2006, a 10-year, non-competitive contract to operate the Tulsa State Fair midway. The 2006 contract included the right of first refusal to expand Murphy's operation into the Bell's tract during the State Fair, if Bell's was no longer a tenant. Following the closing of Bell's, the 2007 Tulsa State Fair saw a 7% drop in attendance and a 29% hit on midway ticket sales. Some vendors told the fair board that the board's decision not to renew Bell's lease was the reason for the drop, and there were some reports that the loss of Bells accounted for some of the drop. The Fairgrounds CEO said that they did not have any theories at the time to account for the drop. Attendance was up in the recession of 2008 from 2007, according to the Tulsa World.
The park announced plans to move elsewhere, but the rides remained in a warehouse. Other locations around Northeast Oklahoma were considered for a new home, but the park was not rebuilt. In November 2008, Sally Bell ran unsuccessfully for Tulsa County Commissioner. 
In 2010, Wagoner County, Oklahoma negotiated a deal with the Bell family to potentially place the park in Coweta, Oklahoma. On May 25, 2010 Robbie Bell signed a 50-year lease (with a 25-year optional extension) with the county. This deal depended on the voters approving a quarter-cent tax increase to finance building the park; it was to go on the ballot in July 2010. But, after two of the three Wagoner County commissioners raised concerns about whether the plan was financially viable for the county, the commissioners removed the question from the ballot by a 2-1 vote.
Early in 2012, the Bell family installed a few rides at the Tulsa Saturday Flea Market. As of August 2013, additional attractions had been installed and Robby Bell III (grandson of the founder) said he had plans to continue restoring more of the old park's rides.
Wildcat roller coaster malfunction.
On April 20, 1997, mechanical failures on the Wildcat roller coaster caused a car near the top of a chain hill to disengage and roll backwards, colliding with another car. The accident killed a fourteen-year-old and injured six others. The Wildcat was disassembled following the accident and was afterward relocated to Jolly Roger Amusement Park in Ocean City, Maryland, where it operated for a year under the name "Avalanche."

</doc>
<doc id="2886615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886615" title="Paul G. Kirk">
Paul G. Kirk

Paul Grattan Kirk, Jr., (born January 18, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician who served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts from 2009 to 2010, having been appointed to fill the vacancy created by the death of Ted Kennedy. From 1985 to 1989, he served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC). He has also served as the co-chairman of the Commission on Presidential Debates, the chairman of the board of directors of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, and a member of the board of directors of the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate. In the private sector, he served as a lawyer and lobbyist.
Education and family.
Kirk, one of five children, was born in Newton, Massachusetts. He is the son of Josephine Elizabeth (née O’Connell) and Judge Paul Grattan Kirk, Sr., an associate justice of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. His father was of Irish and English descent and his mother was of Irish ancestry. He attended The Roxbury Latin School and graduated from St. Sebastian's School in 1956, Harvard College in 1960, and Harvard Law School in 1964, and was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar in 1965. In 1974, he married Gail Loudermilk. The couple have no children. They reside in Marstons Mills Village, Barnstable County, Massachusetts.
Kirk is a great-nephew of the late Cardinal William O'Connell.
Board memberships and company affiliations.
Kirk is affiliated with the law firm Sullivan & Worcester LLP of Boston, Massachusetts, and was a partner from 1977 to 1990. He is the chairman and chief executive officer of Kirk & Associates, Inc., a business advisory and consulting firm located in Boston. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., Rayonier, Incorporated, and Cedar Shopping Centers, Inc. He was a board member of ITT Corporation from 1989 to 1997 and Bradley Real Estate, Inc. from 1991 to 2000.
Kirk is a trustee of Stonehill College. He also served as a trustee of St. Sebastian's School from 1992 to 2004 and again from 2006 to 2009. He is past chairman of the Harvard Board of Overseers Nominating Committee and is the chairman of the Harvard Overseers Committee to Visit the Department of Athletics.
From 1992 to 2001 Kirk was the chairman of the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs.
Political career.
Kirk was a special assistant to Senator Ted Kennedy from 1969 to 1977. In 1983, he became treasurer of the national Democratic Party.
In 1985 Kirk was elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee despite opposition from Virginia Governor Chuck Robb and a group of southern state Democrats who went on to form the Democratic Leadership Council. He caused a brief stir when he suggested means testing for Social Security, but he quickly withdrew his remarks. In the 1986 mid-term elections, under Kirk's chairmanship, the Democrats regained control of the Senate, which had had a Republican majority since the 1980 elections. Kirk resigned shortly after Republican Vice President George H. W. Bush's victory over Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis in the 1988 presidential election. He was succeeded as DNC chairman by Ron Brown. During his time as DNC Chair, he promoted and executed a successful plan to take over the planning of presidential debates, with one goal specifically being the deliberate exclusion of third party candidates. 
On May 2, 2008, Paul Kirk formally pledged his superdelegate nomination vote in the summer 2008 national Democratic convention to Barack Obama.
U.S. Senate.
In August 2009, Senator Ted Kennedy died, leaving a vacancy in the Massachusetts Senate delegation. In 2004 the Massachusetts General Court had withdrawn the authority of the governor to fill a U.S. Senate vacancy by appointment, to prevent the then-Governor Mitt Romney, a Republican, from appointing a Republican to fill the remainder of Democrat John Kerry's Senate term, if Kerry were to win the 2004 presidential election. The legislation was enacted over Romney's veto. At that time, Senator Ted Kennedy successfully made personal appeals to Massachusetts Democratic legislative leaders to pass the bill, which had been stalled prior to his request. The new law called for a special election months later to fill the vacancy. However, Kennedy's death denied Democrats in the U.S. Senate the 60‑vote supermajority required to end filibusters. Given the urgency of and narrow partisan support for some legislation before Congress, most notably health care reform, Democratic lawmakers and liberal pundits called for an interim senator to be appointed so that Massachusetts would have full Senate representation until the special election; Kennedy himself had requested such a change before he died. In September, the General Court passed legislation restoring the governor's power to make interim appointments to serve until the special election stipulated in the earlier legislation is held, over multiple bipartisan concerns of hypocrisy. Kennedy's two sons, Patrick J. Kennedy and Edward Kennedy, Jr., and his wife, Victoria Reggie Kennedy, had all expressed their preference for Kirk. Kirk was sworn into office on September 25, 2009. On September 23, 2009, several national media organizations reported that Kirk was favored by the family of the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy to be the senator's interim replacement, and that the family had communicated their preference to Governor Deval Patrick. Governor Patrick announced Kirk's appointment the next day. Kirk pledged he would not be a candidate in the special election, which was won by Republican Scott Brown.
On September 24, 2009, members of the Massachusetts Republican Party filed suit seeking to block the appointment of Kirk, saying that under commonwealth law, the law giving Gov. Patrick the right to appoint Kirk should not take effect for 90 days. A hearing was scheduled for the morning of September 25 to resolve the issue. A Suffolk Superior Court judge dismissed the case the same day, and Kirk took the oath of office as Senator that afternoon.
On January 19, 2010, Scott Brown, a Republican state senator, was elected to serve the balance of Kennedy's term. Although Kirk was only appointed until his successor was elected, he continued to sit, and voted on the Senate floor on January 20, 2010, without any objection from Senate staff or Senate Republicans. This situation is analogous to 1993, when Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected on June 5, but Bob Krueger continued to hold the seat until she took the oath of office on June 14, but was different from when Ted Kennedy was allowed to be sworn into office the day after his special election to the Senate in 1962. Kirk was present at his successor's swearing in ceremony on February 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2886617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886617" title="1995 NHL Entry Draft">
1995 NHL Entry Draft

The 1995 NHL Entry Draft was held at the Edmonton Coliseum (now Rexall Place) in Edmonton, Alberta. The drafting order was now set partially by a lottery system whereby teams would not be guaranteed first pick if they finished last. Instead, a draft lottery was instituted in which the winner of the lottery could move up a maximum of four spots in the first-round draft order. The Los Angeles Kings won the lottery, and thus moved up four spots from seventh to third. The last-place finishers, the Ottawa Senators did not lose the first overall pick through the lottery and picked Bryan Berard.
Selections by round.
Selections by round:
Club teams are located in North America unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2886619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886619" title="Subspace (Star Trek)">
Subspace (Star Trek)

In the "Star Trek" fictional universe, subspace is a feature of space-time that facilitates faster-than-light transit, in the form of interstellar travel or the transmission of information. Subspace obeys different laws of physics. Subspace has also been adopted and used in other fictional settings, such as the "Stargate" franchise, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" series, and the "".
In most "Star Trek" series, subspace communications are a means to establish nearly instantaneous contact with people and places that are light-years away. The physics of "Star Trek" describe infinite speed (expressed as Warp 10) as an impossibility; as such, even subspace communications which putatively travel at speeds over Warp 9.9 may take hours or weeks to reach certain destinations. Since subspace signals do not degrade with the square of the distance as do other methods of communication utilizing conventional bands of the electromagnetic spectrum (i.e. radio waves), signals sent from a great distance can be expected to reach their destination at a predictable time and with little relative degradation (barring any random subspace interference or spatial anomalies).

</doc>
<doc id="2886632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886632" title="Law in Star Trek">
Law in Star Trek

Law in "Star Trek" refers to the legal procedures and processes as seen in the "Star Trek" fictional universe. In several TV episodes and films since its inception in the 1960s, "Star Trek" has used fictional legal constraints and consequences as a plot device both as a parable for contemporary society in the real world, and to explore the society and politics of the future.
A discussion of this subject by Paul Joseph and Sharon Carton in the "University of Toledo Law Review" examines how this fictional set of laws deals with controversial issues in American law, such as the right to life and privacy, as well as the law's response to sexual orientation. The details and application of these laws, and the ways in which these reflect real-world legal systems, are further examined in the "Adventures in Law and Justice: Exploring big legal questions in everyday life" by Bryan Horrigan and "Star Trek Visions of Law and Justice" edited by Robert Chaires and Bradley Chilton. The former discusses the possibility of applying a comparison between law and a part of popular culture to the teaching of national and international law.
United Federation of Planets.
In "Star Trek", the Federation is depicted as a utopian federal republic stressing the importance of sentient rights, respect for life, and non-aggression. The government resembles a representative democracy. A legislative, judiciary, and executive branch are present. The Prime Directive, a controversial guiding principle of the Federation, states that there should be no interference with the development of any pre-warp alien civilization; the only higher law in the Federation is the highly-classified 'Omega Directive', which directs captains to seek out and destroy the extremely dangerous 'omega particle' and effectively 'rescinds' the Prime Directive.

</doc>
<doc id="2886638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886638" title="Odonturus dentatus">
Odonturus dentatus

The Kenyan deathstalker is a small (around ) scorpion native to Kenya, Somalia and Tanzania in East Africa. It is mainly found in warm but not too dry savannahs, where it lives under rocks, logs and other ground items. This species has the typical slender claws found in most members of the Buthidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="2886641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886641" title="Nepheloid layer">
Nepheloid layer

Nepheloid layer or nepheloid zone is a layer of water in the deep ocean basin, above the ocean floor, that contains significant amounts of suspended sediment. It is from 200 to 1000 m thick. The name comes from Greek: "nephos", "cloud". The particles in the layer may come from the upper ocean layers and from stripping the sediments from the ocean floor by currents. Its thickness depends on bottom current velocity and is a result of balance between gravitational settling of particles and turbulence of the current.
In a similar way, a surface nepheloid layer may be created, due to particle flotation, while intermediate nepheloid layers may be formed at the slopes of the ocean bed due to the dynamics of internal waves.
The existence of the nepheloid layer complicates bathymetry: one has to take into account the reflections of lidar or ultrasonic pulses from the upper interface of this layer, as well as their absorption within the layer.
Gulf of Mexico.
A prominent nepheloid layer exists in the Gulf of Mexico extending from the delta of the Brazos River to South Padre Island. The layer of turbid water can begin as shallow as 20 meters and is caused mostly by clay run-off from multiple rivers. The silty bottom of the gulf also contributes to the high turbidity. Due to the blockage of light by this nepheloid layer, algae and coral are sparse, resulting in an animal-dominated community. This community is largely composed of infauna and consists of a detrital-based food chain. Many species of polychaete worms, amphipods, and brittle stars inhabit the benthic surface and can also be accompanied by some secondary consumers such as flounders, shrimp, crabs, and starfishes.
Porcupine Bight.
A prominent nepheloid layer exists also in the Porcupine Bight

</doc>
<doc id="2886643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886643" title="Acacia cyperophylla">
Acacia cyperophylla

Acacia cyperophylla, commonly known as creekline miniritchie or red mulga, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it on the banks of rivers and creeks on the semi-arid plains east of Carnarvon.
Creekline miniritchie grows to a height of about seven metres. It usually has just one or two main trunks. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are rigid, round in cross-section with a diameter of about two millimetres, between ten and fifteen centimetres long, and curved. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters about two centimetres long. The pods are broad and flat, about eight centimetres long and seven millimetres wide.
Creekline miniritchie is most readily identified by its distinctive "minni ritchi" bark, which constantly peels off in small curling flakes, making the tree look like it has a coat of curly hair. On creekline miniritchie, this is an orange-brown colour.
There are two varieties, "A. c." var. "cyperophylla" and "A. c." var. "omearana". The latter variety is known from only a few populations near Port Hedland, all of which are under threat. It has been classified "Priority 1" under the Western Australian Wildlife Conservation Act, and is under consideration for declaration as "rare flora".

</doc>
<doc id="2886658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886658" title="Ciliary ganglion">
Ciliary ganglion

The ciliary ganglion is a parasympathetic ganglion located in the posterior orbit. It measures 1–2 millimeters in diameter and contains approximately 2,500 neurons. "Preganglionic" axons from the Edinger-Westphal nucleus travel along the oculomotor nerve and form synapses with these cells. The "postganglionic" axons run in the short ciliary nerves and innervate two eye muscles:
Both of these muscles are "involuntary" – they are controlled by the autonomic nervous system.
It is one of four parasympathetic ganglia of the head and neck. (The others are the submandibular ganglion, pterygopalatine ganglion, and otic ganglion).
Anatomy.
Three types of nerve fibers run through the ciliary ganglion: "parasympathetic fibers", "sympathetic fibers" and "sensory fibers". Only parasympathetic fibers form synapses in the ganglion. The other two types of nerve fibers simply pass through. In classical anatomy, the ciliary ganglion is said to have three “roots:”
Diseases.
Adie tonic pupil.
Diseases of the ciliary ganglion produce a tonic pupil. This is a pupil that does not react to light (it is “fixed”) and has an abnormally slow and prolonged response to attempted near vision (accommodation).
When a patient with an Adie pupil attempts to focus on a nearby object, the pupil (which would normally constrict rapidly) constricts slowly. On close inspection, the constricted pupil is not perfectly round. When the patient focuses on a more distant object (say the far side of the room), the pupil (which would normally dilate immediately) remains constricted for several minutes, and then slowly dilates back to the expected size.
Tonic pupils are fairly common – they are seen in roughly 1 out of every 500 people. A patient with anisocoria (one pupil bigger than the other) whose pupil does not react to light (does not constrict when exposed to bright light) most likely has Adie syndrome – idiopathic degeneration of the ciliary ganglion.
Physiology.
The strange behavior of tonic pupils was first explained by Irene Loewenfeld in 1979. The ciliary ganglion contain many more nerve fibers directed to the ciliary muscle than nerve fibers directed to the constrictor pupillae – roughly twenty times more. The ciliary muscle is also more massive than the constrictor pupillae, again by a factor of twenty. Based on these observations, Loewenfeld proposed an explanation of the tonic pupil. She noted that pathological destruction of nerve cells in the ciliary ganglion that is found in all cases of Adie pupil. In her own words:
Loewenfeld’s theory is now generally accepted. It explains the defining features of a tonic pupil:
Tonic pupils are usually due to "Adie syndrome", but other diseases can denervate the ciliary ganglion. Peripheral neuropathies (such as diabetic neuropathy) occasionally produce tonic pupils. Herpes zoster virus can attack the ciliary ganglion. Trauma to the orbit can damage the short ciliary nerves. Anything that denervates the ciliary ganglion will produce a tonic pupil due to aberrant nerve regeneration.
Adie syndrome.
Adie syndrome is tonic pupil plus absent deep tendon reflexes. Adie syndrome is a fairly common, benign, idiopathic neuropathy that selectively affects the ciliary ganglion and the spinal cord neurons involved in deep tendon reflex arcs. It usually develops in middle age, although it can occur in children. A variant of Adie syndrome, Ross syndrome, affects sweating as well.
Early in the course of Adie syndrome (when the cells of the ciliary ganglion have been destroyed, but before regeneration has occurred) the pupil will be fixed and dilated. The "sphincter pupillae" will be paralyzed. There will be no response to accommodation – the "ciliary muscle" is also paralyzed.
With aberrant nerve regeneration, the pupil will remain fixed, but it will constrict with attempted near vision. The constriction will be abnormal (“tonic”).
Late in the course of Adie syndrome, the pupil becomes small (as all pupils do with old age). It will still be “fixed” (it will not constrict to bright light) and it will continue to show abnormal, tonic constriction with attempted near vision.
Light-near dissociation.
In some neurological disorders, the pupil does not react to light, but it does react to accommodation. This is called “light-near dissociation”.
In Adie syndrome, damage involving the ciliary ganglion manifests light-near dissociation and a tonically dilated pupil (usually unilateral).
Other causes of light-near dissociation involve damage to the brainstem, where a tonic pupil is not produced. Brainstem causes of light-near dissociation include Argyll Robertson pupil and Parinaud syndrome.
Irene Loewenfeld is generally credited for being the first physiologist to make this distinction.

</doc>
<doc id="2886672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886672" title="Seaspan Marine Corporation">
Seaspan Marine Corporation

Seaspan Marine Corporation provides marine-related services to the Pacific Northwest. Within the Group are three shipyards, an intermodal ferry business, and a tug and barge transportation company that serves both domestic and international markets. Seaspan Marine Corporation is part of the Washington Companies, owned by Dennis Washington. The Seaspan Marine Corporation is run by his son Kyle Washington, as Executive Chairman, who has become a Canadian citizen. Seaspan Marine Corporation was formerly known as Washington Marine Group.
Marine Transportation.
Seaspan Marine Corporation.
Seaspan Marine Corporation has evolved into a prominent marine transportation company serving the West Coast of North America with a large tugboat and barge fleet. Seaspan's barges haul materials from the forest (logs, wood chips, hog fuel, lumber, pulp, paper and newsprint), minerals (construction aggregate and limestone), railcars, plus machinery, fuel and supplies to coastal communities. Seaspan also provides ship docking services to the Ports of Vancouver, Victoria, Esquimalt and other BC out ports.
Seaspan Ferries Corporation.
Seaspan Ferries Corporation is a commercial roll on - roll off ferry service providing regularly scheduled transportation between British Columbia's Lower Mainland terminal in Delta and Vancouver Island's Nanaimo and Swartz Bay
terminals. Based in Delta, B.C., Seaspan Ferries Corporation transports semi-trailer trucks, containers, and rail cars on self-propelled ferries and integrated tug-barge units.
Ships.
Former Vessels.
the three ferries were sold to Abu Dhabi MAR, a luxury yacht builder. In the six years with WMG, a plan was organized to run the ferries from the Duke Point Ferry terminal to Vancouver, but this idea never happened.
Shipyards.
Near to Pacific Northwest shipping lanes, Seaspan Shipyards are a resource for the region's important marine industry. The Group's operations consist of three shipyards.
Vancouver Drydock.
Located on the north shore of Vancouver Harbour at the eastern end of the former Burrard Dry Dock site, Vancouver Drydock operates two floating drydocks with lifting capacities of 36,000 tonnes in a Panamax beam dock, and 30,000 tonnes in a self-contained deployable dock.
Vancouver Shipyards.
Vancouver Shipyards designs, constructs, maintains, and repairs all types of vessels. The yard's facilities include a major steel forming shop, a large fabrication and assembly hall, a totally enclosed paint facility, and a SyncroLift capable of lifting vessels up to 1200 tonnes.
Victoria Shipyards.
Utilizing the Esquimalt Graving Dock, owned and operated by Public Works and Government Services of Canada, Victoria Shipyards can drydock and repair vessels up to 100,000 DWT. Victoria Shipyards is the largest ship repair company on Canada's Pacific coast.
Other Services.
Marine Petrobulk.
For over a quarter of a century, Marine Petrobulk has supplied all grades of bunker fuels to vessels entering the ports of Vancouver, New Westminster, Victoria, Prince Rupert, Kitimat and Nanaimo.
History.
Note: There are many differences in dates between the Seaspan corporate history web page and other references; in such cases, the dates stated in the most reliable reference and on the Seaspan corporate history web page are both given.
Seaspan Marine Corporation as we know it today is the product of a series of acquisitions and mergers in the coastal marine transportation and shipbuilding/ship repair business. Seaspan was created in 1970 by the merger of two prominent coastal towing firms: Vancouver Tug Boat Company (formed in 1898 by Harry A Jones) and Island Tug & Barge (formed in 1924 by Harold Elworthy). In addition to being the largest tug and barge operation on the lower coast, Vancouver Tug also owned Vancouver Shipyards. In 1968 or 1969, Vancouver Tug was acquired by the construction firm Dillingham Corporation, while Island Tug & Barge was acquired by Genstar Ltd. in 1969. The following year, Genstar joined with Dillingham to merge Island Tug and Vancouver Tug into a new corporation, Seaspan International Ltd. (In 1993 the name "Island Tug and Barge" was sold to the Shields family, of Shields Navigation, and the current Island Tug and Barge is not affiliated with Seaspan.)
Another prominent branch of the family tree was C H Cates & Sons Towing, generally known as Cates Towing, which was the primary shipdocking tug outfit in the Port of Vancouver for much of the 20th Century. Captain Charles Henry Cates arrived from Machias, Maine in 1885 and built the first cargo-handling wharf on the North Vancouver waterfront. He expanded into boatbuilding and repair and his tugs towed barges of building stone and assisted ships in Burrard Inlet. In 1913 he formed C H Cates Towing, then joined with his three sons, all master mariners, to incorporate the company as CH Cates and Sons Limited in 1921.
Vancouver Shipyard was founded in 1902 at the foot of Denman Street in Vancouver's Coal Harbour. Primarily a builder of small fishing and pleasure boats, the company built two minesweepers for the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. It was acquired by Vancouver Tug in 1954. In 1968 or 1969, both Vancouver Tug and Vancouver Shipyards were acquired by Dillingham Corporation and moved to their present site at the foot of Pemberton Avenue in North Vancouver, where a larger shipyard was established. Since that time the company has constructed, outfitted, or converted 171 tugs, barges and ferries at the shipyard.
Seaspan acquired many of the assets of the former Versatile Pacific Shipyards in two separate transactions. First, Seaspan and Allied Shipbuilders formed a partnership and, with assistance from both Federal and Provincial governments, created Vancouver Drydock Company to acquire the floating drydocks and some onshore facilities in North Vancouver from the defunct firm. Seaspan later acquired Allied's interest in the company. 
Meanwhile, in 1994 Vancouver Shipyards (Esquimalt) Ltd. (now Victoria Shipyards) was created at the Esquimalt Graving Dock to fill the void left when the Yarrows shipyard in Esquimalt went bankrupt. Since then, Victoria Shipyards has become prominent in refitting and repair of cruise ships and vessels of the Royal Canadian Navy, including life-extension servicing of the five "Halifax" class frigates based at CFB Esquimalt and the four Victoria Class submarines. It built the Orca class patrol vessel fleet for the Royal Canadian Navy, constructed over two dozen search and rescue lifeboats for the Canadian Coast Guard, and assembled and launched the newest Seabus, the "Burrard Pacific Breeze".

</doc>
<doc id="2886673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886673" title="Georgenburg">
Georgenburg

Georgenburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886679" title="Karl Goehring">
Karl Goehring

Karl Goehring (born August 23, 1978 in Apple Valley, Minnesota) is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender, who is currently an assistant coach with the Syracuse Crunch. He led Apple Valley High School to a win in the 1996 Minnesota State High School League Boys' Hockey Tournament. He also led the University of North Dakota to a win in the 2000 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship.
Playing career.
Goehring played four seasons for the Syracuse Crunch in the AHL, and following the abrupt departure of Tim Thomas from Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga, he signed with Jokerit for the 2005–06 season. Goehring was recommended to Jokerit management by Tim Thomas as a winning goaltender, but Goehring played a disappointing early season and was taken off goaltending duties in November. On November 18, 2005, he signed with the San Antonio Rampage in the AHL. Goehring was signed by the Nashville Predators on November 23, 2006 and reassigned to the Milwaukee Admirals four days later.
Goehring was released from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on November 13, 2007. He signed a professional tryout contract (PTO) with the Norfolk Admirals on November 20, 2007. Goehring then signed a professional tryout contract with the Syracuse Crunch. On March 3, 2008, Goehring was named AHL Player of the Week [http://www2.nhl.com/nhl/app?articleid=355766&page=NewsPage&service=page]. On July 3, 2008, Goehring was signed by the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League.
Coaching career.
Goehring had offers to play in Germany in the 2009–10 season, but instead of waiting to see if more opportunities arose closer to the beginning of the season on July 24, 2009, he retired from professional hockey to begin his career in coaching. He took up an assistant coaching role with the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL, with whom he set franchise records for most games played by a goaltender (176) and wins (78) during his four-year stint with the team as a player. The Crunch later let go Goehring and the rest of their coaching staff.

</doc>
<doc id="2886686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886686" title="My Red Hot Car">
My Red Hot Car

"My Red Hot Car" is a single by Squarepusher, released in 2001 on Warp Records. The lead track on the single is "My Red Hot Car (Girl)", which leaves the pop music aspects of the song intact. An extended version of "My Red Hot Car" is featured on the album "Go Plastic" and as the second track here.
The single was selected as "NME" Single of the Week in its week of release.
The song was listed as the 317th best song of the 2000s by pitchfork media.
Trivia.
Although the song title is "My Red Hot Car", the actual vocal sample in the track says "I'm going to fuck you with my red hot cock". This can be heard more clearly in the "(Girl)" version of the track. 
Samples:
Drum breaks used in the track include Jimmy McGriff – "The Worm", The Winstons – "Amen, Brother" and Lyn Collins – "Think (About It)".
Song usage.
Miss Kittin used "My Red Hot Car" on her mix album "A Bugged Out Mix".
It's also played during a scene in the film "Any Way The Wind Blows".
It's been used as theme music for the MTV Italy show "On the beach"

</doc>
<doc id="2886697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886697" title="Mitchell Melich">
Mitchell Melich

Mitchell Melich (1 February 1912 in Bingham Canyon, Salt Lake County, Utah - 12 June 1999) was Solicitor for the Interior Department under the first Richard Nixon administration.
A lawyer and a member of the Republican Party, Melich ran for the Utah governorship in 1964, but lost to Democrat Calvin L. Rampton.

</doc>
<doc id="2886715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886715" title="IBJ">
IBJ

IBJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886717" title="NeXTcube">
NeXTcube

The NeXTcube was a high-end workstation computer developed, manufactured and sold by NeXT from 1990 until 1993. It superseded the original NeXT Computer workstation and was housed in a similar cube-shaped magnesium enclosure. The workstation ran the NeXTSTEP operating system and had a $10,000 list price.
Hardware.
The NeXTcube was a development of the original NeXT Computer. It differed from its predecessor in having a 25 MHz 68040 processor, larger hard disks in place of the MO drive and an optional floppy disk drive. A 33 MHz NeXTcube Turbo was produced later.
NeXT also released the NeXTdimension for the NeXTcube, a circuit board based on an Intel i860 processor, which offers 32-bit PostScript color display and video sampling features.
There was also a rare accelerator board known as the Pyro. It increased the speed of a NeXTcube by replacing the standard 25 MHz processor with a 50 MHz one.

</doc>
<doc id="2886721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886721" title="Mimis Fotopoulos">
Mimis Fotopoulos

Dimitris "Mimis" Fotopoulos (; 20 April 1913 – 29 October 1986) was a Greek actor, writer, poet and academic.
He was born in Zatouna, Gortynia, Arcadia. He studied at the Dramatic School of National Theatre (Δραματική Σχολή του Εθνικού Θεάτρου). He also studied maths at the Philosophical School at the University of Athens until his second year in 1933. He headed a theatrical company from 1952 and an actor from 1960.
He died on 29 October 1986 in Athens, from a heart attack, aged 73.
Writings.
He wrote books:
His important works were from Chekhov, Ibsen and from Shakespeare at the Royal Garden in 1956 and for many years worked together with D. Iliopoulos. He appeared in hundreds of comedies other than his dramatic roles. His characterisitcal interpretations were in "Don Camillo". He did about a hundred movies with comedic roles including "Kalpiki Lira", "Laterna, Ftochia I Filotimo", "Ta Kitrina Gandia" ("The Yellow Glove") as Leandros, "To Soferaki" ("Το σωφεράκι" = "The Little Chauffeur"), etc.
His characteristic and the cinematographic quote was: "And after we siiit" ("Και μετά θα κάααθεσαι" = "Kai meta tha kaaathesai")

</doc>
<doc id="2886722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886722" title="Frederick Arthur Bridgman">
Frederick Arthur Bridgman

Frederick Arthur Bridgman (November 10, 1847 – January 13, 1928) was an American artist known for his paintings of "Orientalist" subjects. 
Born in Tuskegee, Alabama, he was the son of a physician. He began as a draughtsman in New York City, for the American Bank Note Company in 1864–65, and studied art in the same years at the Brooklyn Art Association and at the National Academy of Design. He went to Paris in 1866, and in 1867 he entered the studio of the noted academic painter Jean-Léon Gérôme (1824–1904), where he was deeply influenced by Gérôme's precise draftsmanship, smooth finishes, and concern for Middle-Eastern themes. Thereafter, Paris became his headquarters. In 1874, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member, and became a full member in 1881.
Bridgman made his first trip to North Africa between 1872 and 1874, dividing his time between Algeria and Egypt. There he executed approximately three hundred sketches, which became the source material for several later oil paintings that attracted immediate attention. Bridgman became known as "the American Gérôme", although Bridgman would later adopt a more naturalistic aesthetic, emphasizing bright colors and painterly brushwork. His large and important composition, "The Funeral Procession of a Mummy on the Nile", in the Paris Salon (1877), bought by James Gordon Bennett, Jr., brought him the Cross of the Legion of Honor. 
Additional visits to the region throughout the 1870s and 1880s allowed him to amass a collection of costumes, architectural pieces, and objets d'art, which often appear in his paintings. (Amusingly, John Singer Sargent noted that Bridgman's overstuffed studio, along with the Eiffel Tower, were Paris's must-see attractions.) Though Bridgman maintained a lifelong connection to France, his popularity in America never waned. Indeed, in 1890, the artist had a one-man show of over 400 pictures in New York's 5th Avenue galleries. When the show moved to Chicago's Art Institute, it contained only 300 works – testimony to the high number of sales Bridgman had made.
One of Bridgman's most recognized Orientalist images, "A Street Scene in Algeria", is exceptional for its biographical and historical significance. Many of its details can be considered "signature" motifs of the artist, and its subject, a pointed record of travel. In keeping with Bridgman's tendency in the 1880s to focus on intimate domestic subjects, two seated male figures are given pride of place in the center of the composition, gesticulating while they chat.
Other paintings by him were "An American Circus in Normandy", "Procession of the Bull Apis" (now in the Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.), and a "Rumanian Lady" (in the Temple collection, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania).
Recently, works by the painter have sold at auction in the price range of $250,000 USD to $350,000 USD.

</doc>
<doc id="2886725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886725" title="Ross Childress">
Ross Childress

Ross Childress (born September 8, 1971) is an American musician. He was the original lead guitarist and co-songwriter for the rock band Collective Soul. 
Life and career.
Childress was born on September 8, 1971 in Stockbridge, Georgia, USA.
Collective Soul.
Childress grew up with and had played with the original band members of Collective Soul before the group signed to Atlantic Records in early 1994. Over a period of eight years with the band, he recorded on, and toured in support of, five studio albums that have sold over seven million copies and generated seven #1 singles on the U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock charts. He left the band in September 2001 after the release of the greatest hits compilation "7even Year Itch". Much debate still exists regarding the reason for his departure. The band had released a brief statement on its website urging fans to understand that the situation was very personal.
During his time with Collective Soul, Childress was known for his metallic guitar sounds and heavy riffs incorporating elements of metal and blues in his playing. Along with songwriter Ed Roland, he penned many of the band's popular "hooks." Childress wrote, sang lead vocals, and performed guitar on the song "Dandy Life" on the 1999 release "Dosage". This was the first time that a member other than Ed Roland had sung lead on a studio recording.
Childress left the band in 2001, with Joel Kosche taking his place. Collective Soul performed their first concert without Childress in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia on September 5, less than two weeks before the release of the greatest hits compilation "7even Year Itch".
Other projects.
In 2004/2005 Ross returned to recording music as a studio musician for the Trevor Hurst project entitled "Hurst". He contributed in many ways, including co-writing & producing. The band recruited a few other musicians to join. The album has done moderately well in Canada since its release in June 2005. Touring with Trevor as "Early Moses," named after the Basquiat painting of the same name, Ross played a few shows, but decided not to play live and remain in the background.
In November 2006, Ross was mentioned on the myspace.com page of Atlanta based Metal/Rockabilly band "The Hot Rods" as the producer of their debut album "Rumble Seat" slated for release in January 2007.
In December 2006, a myspace.com page for Ross appeared. It spoke of a new project entitled "Ross Childress Experience", consisting of himself on vocals/guitar, and two musician friends on bass and drums. With the addition of a second backup singer/guitarist in 2007, "Ross Childress Experience" was renamed "Starfish and Coffee," and their self-titled debut album was released on April 29, 2008.
On November 23, 2010, Ross released his first solo album, the 10 track "Music Box".
Ross is currently playing guitar in the coverband GoBox www.babygobox.com

</doc>
<doc id="2886729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886729" title="Árpád Tóth">
Árpád Tóth

Árpád Tóth (April 14, 1886 in Arad - November 7, 1928 in Budapest) was a Hungarian poet and translator.
Tóth went to Gymnasium (high school) in Debrecen and then studied German and Hungarian at the University of Budapest. In 1907, his poems began to appear in the papers A Hét and Vasárnapi Újság and after 1908 in Nyugat. In 1911, he became a theater critic for the paper Debreceni Nagy Újság.
In 1913, he became a tutor to a wealthy family and received a little income from writing but still lived in poverty. Tuberculosis led him to rest at the Svedlér Sanitorium in the Tatra Mountains.
During the period of the revolutionary government after World War I, he became secretary of the Vörösmarty Academy, but lost the position and couldn't find new work after the government's fall. He remained poor and sick with tuberculosis for the rest of his life and even considered suicide at one point – although he did join the staff of Az Est in 1921.
In Debrecen is a Gymnasium named of him.
Work.
He was a major lyric poet and contributed to the Nyugat School. His core themes focused on fleeting happiness and resignation.
He translated Milton, Oscar Wilde, Shelley, Keats, Baudelaire, Flaubert, Gautier, Maupassant, and Chekhov.

</doc>
<doc id="2886759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886759" title="Falling Free">
Falling Free

Falling Free is a novel from the Vorkosigan Saga, written by Lois McMaster Bujold. It was first published as four installments in "Analog" from December 1987 to February 1988, and won the Nebula Award for Best Novel for 1988. It is included in the 2007 omnibus "Miles, Mutants and Microbes".
Plot.
The novel is set about 200 years before the birth of Miles Vorkosigan, the protagonist of much of the Vorkosigan series. It deals with the creation of the "Quaddies", genetically modified people who have four arms, the second pair appearing where unmodified humans would have legs. They were intended to be used as a space labor force, not only superbly adapted to zero-gravity but unable to function "downside" in any but the lightest gravitational field. From the point of view of the commercial interests responsible for their creation, they would be highly-profitable, requiring none of the special facilities or mandatory time off needed by other humans, whose bodies tend to deteriorate over the long term in weightlessness. They would also be completely beholden to the company for life support, and would have no rights as human beings.
Legally, the Quaddies are not classed as human but as "post-fetal experimental tissue cultures". The company treats them as chattel slaves. Their access to information is tightly controlled. Even their children's stories are about working in space. They can be ordered to reproduce or to have a pregnancy terminated. They are the subject of breeding programs, the company compelling them to mate only with one of the company's choosing, regardless of existing partners. When a new artificial gravity technology renders them both obsolete and a potential political embarrassment to the executives, there are discussions about killing them or sterilizing them. Bipedal engineer Leo Graf, who had been assigned to help train them, instead helps them break free. They eventually settle in an initially remote system that gradually becomes a major part of the Nexus.
Bujold has stated in the notes of her reprints that "Falling Free" was the first half of the intended story. The unwritten, second story was to tell how the Quaddies settled into what would be known as "Quaddiespace". "Diplomatic Immunity", published in 2002, revisits the subject of the Quaddies, showing the state of their society some 240 years after its foundation. It takes place on Graf Station, named for Leo Graf, who is hero and patriarch to the Quaddies.

</doc>
<doc id="2886760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886760" title="Minni ritchi">
Minni ritchi

Minni ritchi is a type of reddish brown bark that continuously peels in small curly flakes, leaving the tree looking like it has a coat of red curly hair. Brooker and Kleinig (1990) formally described it as a bark type in which "the outer rich, red-brown smooth bark splits both longitudinally and horizontally, the free edges rolling back without completely detaching to expose new green bark beneath".
A number of species of "Acacia" and "Eucalyptus" have minni ritchi bark. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="2886766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886766" title="Kickboxer (film)">
Kickboxer (film)

Kickboxer is a 1989 American martial arts film produced, storied and directed by Mark DiSalle, and directed by David Worth, and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and former world kickboxing champion Dennis Alexio. The film was released in the United States on September 8, 1989. The film is considered to be a cult classic.
Plot.
Kurt Sloane (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is the cornerman for his brother Eric (Dennis Alexio), an American kickboxing champion. Kurt and Eric travel to Bangkok to challenge Tong Po (Michel Qissi), Thailand's undefeated champion. After a brutal first round, Kurt realizes that they are outmatched by Tong Po and tries to convince his brother to stop the fight. Unwilling to give up, Eric returns for the second round and continues to take a vicious beating, finally prompting Kurt to throw in the towel. Tong Po ignores him and continues the assault, which ultimately leaves Eric paralyzed from the waist down. However, Eric is carried outside and left on the street without any help, until Winston (Haskell Anderson), a retired American special forces member, intervenes and agrees to take the brothers to hospital. 
Furious, Kurt vows to avenge his brother and defeat Tong Po in the ring. Though reluctant at first, Winston eventually tells him about Xian Chow (Dennis Chan), a locally famous trainer living in a remote area of Thailand. Upon locating Xian, Kurt is able to convince him to train him in the art of Muay Thai ("Thai boxing"). While training, Kurt attempts to foil the operations of a group of Thai mobsters led by Freddy Li, who continuously threaten and steal money from Xian's niece, Mylee (Rochelle Ashana). After Kurt makes short work of the thugs in a bar fight, Xian is able to arrange a match with Tong Po on Kurt's behalf. It is determined that they will fight in the "ancient way", in which both fighters wrap their hands in hemp rope, which is then coated in resin and dipped in broken glass to make them deadly weapons.
In the days leading up to the match, Mylee is beaten and raped by Tong Po whilst Eric is kidnapped by Freddy Li's henchmen for the purpose of blackmailing Kurt into losing the fight. To save his brother's life, Kurt is instructed to go the distance with Po before losing the match. He endures a torturous beating, but fortunately, Xian and Winston are able to locate and rescue Eric before the fight concludes. With his brother free from danger, Kurt manages to find a second wind and ultimately defeat Tong Po and also kick Freddy Li.
Production.
As a backdrop for some of the training scenes, Kurt Sloane (Van Damme) trains near the temples in Wat Phra Si Sanphet and Wat Ratchaburana, part of the ruins of Ayutthaya city in Thailand. Principal photography lasted 56 days on location in Bangkok, Thailand , between June 28 and August 23, 1988.
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack containing songs from the movie was released featuring songs from soundtrack specialist Stan Bush. The score for the movie was composed by Paul Hertzog. The full score was remastered and released in 2006 by Perseverance Records in limited quantity.
The track listing is as follows on the 2006 full score CD.
The 2006 official score release does not include a previously released version of the score track titled "Buddha's Eagle" which was released on the "Best of Van Damme Volume 2 Compilation" CD.
On July 2, 2014, an expanded version of the 2006 album was released by Perseverance Records. This album contained the remastered original 22 tracks plus 9 vocal performances that previously had only been available in Germany.
Box office and reception.
"Kickboxer" is considered a box office success, as it grossed $14,697,005 in the domestic box office based on a $1.5 million budget.
Chris Willman of the "Los Angeles Times" called the film "egregiously dull" and a contender for one of "the dumbest action pictures of the year", citing its "jarring shifts in tone, insurmountable plot implausibilities, rampant racial stereotyping, superfluous nudity and inhuman amounts of comically exaggerated violence". Willman also questioned the manner in which characters seem to recover from serious injuries and major trauma. 
Chris Hicks of the "Deseret News" criticized the film as a ripoff of "The Karate Kid", with added elements from other films such as "Rocky" and "". In addition to stating that ending the was predictable, Hicks also dismissed Van Damme as "little more than a low-budget Arnold Schwarzenegger Wannabee" whose attempts at acting were in vain. 
There is currently no consensus on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, though it has a 50% "rotten score" generated by 50,319 users.
Home media.
On June 8, 1999, DVD was released by HBO Home Video at the United States in Region 1. On 6 January 2003, DVD was released by Prism Leisure Corporation at the United Kingdom in Region 2.
Reboot.
Radar Pictures is developing a reboot of the film with Jim McGrath and Dimitri Logothetis writing, Logothetis is also produced along with Ted Field and Nick Celozzi, Mike Weber and Peter Meyer executive producing and Stephen Fung directing with the film start filming in early 2014. On May 12, 2014, Deadline that has The Exchange boarded sales on Radar for with Brian O’Shea, Jeff Bowler and Nat McCormick executive produce the film and announced stunt man Alain Moussi will star in his first lead role with Georges St-Pierre and Dave Bautista. The film follows David and Kurt Sloan, the descendants of a California dynasty of champions. After David wins the Karate World Championship, a promoter lures him to Hong Kong despite his brother’s protests. When David dies, Kurt turns to his former mentor Xian Chow to seek revenge on the viscous Tong Po. J.J. Perry will be the action director and Larnell Stovall will be the fight choreographer. 

</doc>
<doc id="2886768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886768" title="Local eGovernment">
Local eGovernment

Local eGovernment is eGovernment as it relates to local government, police, fire, national park and transport authorities.
Local eGovernment in England.
The UK government’s objective was that all of public services in England should be capable of being delivered electronically by 31 December 2005. The "Modernising Government" White Paper of March 1999 proposed "all dealings with government being deliverable electronically by 2008." Prime Minister Tony Blair then announced on 30 March 2000 that the target date had been brought forward from 2008 to 2005.
Electronic delivery is defined as delivery through internet protocols and other ICT methods and includes delivery by telephone if the officer receiving the call can access electronic information and/or update records online there and then.
The average local authority achieved a reported 97% e-enablement by 31 December 2005, though it is suspected the actual figure is much lower. The target also applied to the Civil Service, which achieved a reported 96%.
Objectives and performance management.
Implementing Electronic Government (IEG) Statements.
From December 2001 to April 2006 local authorities were required to publish an "IEG Statement" on their degree of e-enablement (electronic enablement). The measures include BVPI 157 and the Priority Outcomes.
Best Value Performance Indicator (BVPI) 157.
BVPI 157 measures the percentage of 'interactions' provided by a local authority that are e-enabled. The figure must be published annually as part of the Best Value performance management framework. The figure is calculated by considering the following ten types of interaction as they apply to the services provided by the local authority:
Local authorities may use a proprietary list of services, but are required to validate their list against the "Local Government Services List" (LGSL).
BVPI 157 forms part of the annual IEG statement.
Priority Outcomes.
To guide local authorities in implementing eGovernement, the Department for Transport, Local Government and the Regions (and its successor the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM)) issued a list of key targets, most commonly referred to as the Priority Outcomes or PSOs (Priority Service Outcomes). The list was issued in the snappily entitled document "Defining E-government Outcomes for 2005 to Support the Delivery of Priority Services & National Strategy Transformation Agenda for Local Authorities in England – Version 1.0".
In September 2004, detailed guidance on the Priority Outcomes was issued in the document "Priority Outcomes - Explanatory Notes for Practitioners", published by the IDeA (Improvement and Development Agency) and endorsed by the ODPM.
Priority Outcomes are rated with three levels of obligation:
The following technologies are recommended in Priority Outcomes: Explanatory Notes for Practitioners as those likely to be essential in the achievement of the Priority Outcomes:
Socitm Insight Better Connected reports.
Local authority websites are also subject to assessments by Socitm (Society of Information Technology Management) Insight in their annual "Better Connected" reports.
References.
Modernising Government White Paper, March 1999 on the Official-Documents.gov.uk website
Priority Outcomes - Explanatory Notes for Practitioners on the IDeA website
Defining E-government Outcomes for 2005 to Support the Delivery of Priority Services & National Strategy Transformation Agenda for Local Authorities in England – Version 1.0 (Microsoft Word document) on the ODPM website
Local Government Services List and related information on the Electronic Service Delivery website.

</doc>
<doc id="2886786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886786" title="Gary Spani">
Gary Spani

Gary Spani (born January 9, 1956) is a former NFL linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1978-1986. He has worked for the Chiefs' front office since 1989, and is currently the Director of Special Events for the Chiefs. 
Spani was born in Satanta, Kansas, but raised in Manhattan, Kansas, and graduated from Manhattan High School. He played college football at Kansas State University. At Kansas State, he was a three-time All Big Eight Conference selection, was conference defensive player of the year in 1977, and was named the school's first consensus All American in 1977. He still holds the all-time tackles record for Kansas State University. Following graduation, Spani was named MVP of the East-West Shrine Game.
The Chiefs selected Spani in the third round of the 1978 NFL Draft. As a pro, Spani was a hardnosed and tenacious player. He was a team captain for the Chiefs in 1983. He still holds the all-time tackles record for the Kansas City Chiefs, where he registered 999 career stops. His single-season record of 157 tackles with the Chiefs, set in 1979, stood until 2002 when it was broken by Mike Maslowski.
Spani was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002 and the Kansas City Chiefs Hall of Fame in 2003.
Daughter Shalin Spani played college basketball for the Kansas State University Wildcats from 2007-2010. She later married K-State star quarterback and Heisman Trophy finalist Collin Klein. Daughter Taber Spani plays college basketball for the Tennessee Lady Vols. His third daughter, Tanis Spani, is a member of the Southwest Baptist University Lady Bearcat basketball team. 

</doc>
<doc id="2886788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886788" title="A Favor House Atlantic">
A Favor House Atlantic

"A Favor House Atlantic" is a song by rock band Coheed and Cambria from their 2003 album "".
The song was one of Coheed and Cambria's breakout singles. It features the characters Claudio and Al the Killer, and is part of the sci-fi saga that is present in all of the band's songs. In contrast to other songs on the album, "A Favor House Atlantic" has been described as a "fairly straightforward of emo".
The song is featured in "ATV Offroad Fury 3". It was also made available as a downloadable, playable track for the music video game series "Rock Band" as part of the Bonnaroo Pack.
Music video.
There are two versions of the music video of the song. The first, directed by Christian Winters, revolves around the band in a bar, attempting to pick up women. Meanwhile, an alternate version of the band performs the song on the stage. This version could be considered an "80s" version of the band as they wear typical 80s rock style attire such as headbands and tight clothes. 
The video's humor is very tongue-in-cheek featuring antics such as drummer Josh Eppard attempting to look up girls' dresses, bassist Michael Todd in a drunken stupor soliciting the services of a drag queen, and the band insulting itself.
The second version is an animated video, telling a story from the Amory Wars. Rather than being about Claudio and Al the Killer, however, it is about Coheed and Cambria as teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="2886791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886791" title="Dawson murder case">
Dawson murder case

The Dawson family, a family of seven (parents Carnell, Angela, and five children), were all murdered in Baltimore, Maryland, on October 16, 2002. After Angela had repeatedly alerted police to drug dealing, assault, and other crime in her East Baltimore neighborhood of Oliver, the entire family died after their home was firebombed. A neighbor, Darrell L. Brooks — once a page in the Baltimore City Council chamber — pled guilty to the crimes and was given a life sentence without the possibility of parole. At the time of the attack, Brooks was on probation but had been left unsupervised.
After repeated vandalism of their home, the Dawsons survived a first arson attempt on October 3, 2002, only to succumb to the second. The outcry over the magnitude of the crime was only matched by the frustration expressed by many residents who simply could not believe that city officials, who were aware of the escalating violence, had been unable to protect the family. City officials defended their actions, saying an offer to relocate the family was refused.
The tragedy underscored the failure in attempts to encourage residents of Baltimore to stand up to drug dealing and of the city to provide protection to those who did. In 2005, relatives of the Dawson family filed suit against the city, state and various agencies. They alleged that despite the launch of the Believe campaign in 2002 (which encouraged residents to supply information about drug dealers) there were insufficient resources to protect witnesses who did come forward. The lawsuit was later dismissed, a ruling which was later upheld in an appeal to the Maryland Court of Appeals.
Numerous efforts to reclaim and rebuild Oliver in the name of the Dawson family have been undertaken by politicians, activists, and ordinary citizens. Mayor (and later Governor of Maryland) Martin O'Malley, U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings, State Senator Nathaniel McFadden, and the action group known as Baltimoreans United in Leadership Development (BUILD) have worked in individual and collective ways to ensure the Dawson family a lasting public memory. The house where the Dawsons died reopened in April 2007 as the Dawson Safe Haven Community Center.

</doc>
<doc id="2886792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886792" title="St Paul's Collegiate School">
St Paul's Collegiate School

St Paul's Collegiate School is a private (independent) Anglican secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand. Opened in 1959 originally as a boys only school, the school began admitting girls in years 12 to 13 in 1985, then girls in years 11 to 13 in 2010.
St Paul's Collegiate was founded by the local Anglican community including the parents of some Southwell School students, but today only a small proportion of St Pauls students are former Southwell students.
The school also owns and operates Tihoi Venture School, located on the edge of the Pureora Forest Park around 50 km west of Taupo. Year 10 students attend Tihoi for two terms (18 weeks) as part of an adventure-based character development and education programme.
The school won the Maadi Cup and Springbok Shield in 2002 and 2003 for rowing.
Enrolment.
As a private school, St Paul's Collegiate receives little funding from the government and charges parents of students tuition fees to cover costs. As of 2013, the school fees are approximately NZ$17,400 per year for day students and NZ$30,400 for boarders. The exception is in Year 10 with the 18 weeks at Tihoi Venture School, where the fees are NZ$26,200 for day students and NZ$31,700 for boarders. Fees for international students are higher.
At the March 2012 Education Review Office (ERO) review of the school, St Paul's Collegiate had 675 students, including 31 international students. The school's gender composition was 85% male and 15% female, or 72% male and 28% female once the boys-only Years 9 and 10 are excluded. Around 71% of students at the school identified as New Zealand European (Pakeha), 9% as Maori, and 5% each as Chinese, Indian, and Pacific Islanders.
Houses.
The school has eight school houses: four for day boys, three for boarding boys, and one for girls.

</doc>
<doc id="2886798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886798" title="Gina Rinehart">
Gina Rinehart

Georgina Hope "Gina" Rinehart (born 9 February 1954) is an Australian mining heiress and Executive Chairman of Hancock Prospecting group. She is the daughter of Lang Hancock and Hope Margaret Nicholas. In the 2010s, Rinehart bought a stake in media organizations, becoming the largest shareholder in Fairfax Media and taking a significant share in Ten Network Holdings.
During 2011, both "Forbes Asia" and the "Business Review Weekly" reported that Rinehart was Australia's wealthiest person, a title that she continues to hold. During 2012, "BRW" named Rinehart as the world's richest woman, having surpassed Christy Walton; however, by 2013 Rinehart was the fourth richest woman in the world; and by 2014, the sixth richest.
Early life and family.
Rinehart was born in Perth, Western Australia, the daughter of Hope Margaret Nicholas and Lang Hancock. An only child, Rinehart lived with her parents at Nunyerry, north of Wittenoom, until she was four, later boarding at St Hilda's Anglican School for Girls in Perth. She briefly studied economics at the University of Sydney, before dropping out and working for her father, gaining an extensive knowledge of the Pilbara iron-ore industry.
As a teenager, Rinehart met Englishman Greg Milton, while both were working in Wittenoom. In 1973, aged 19, Rinehart married Milton and he changed his surname to Hayward. Together, they had two children, John Langley and Bianca Hope. However, the marriage did not last; Rinehart and Hayward separated in 1979 and divorced in 1981. In 1983 she married Frank Rinehart, a 57-year-old German American corporate lawyer. They had two children together, Ginia and Hope, born 18 months apart. Frank died in 1990.
She was involved in an acrimonious legal fight with her stepmother, Rose Porteous, in 1992 over the circumstances of her father's death and control of the Hancock assets. The court cases and negotiations ultimately took 14 years to settle.
In 1999, her proposal to name a mountain range after her family was approved. The so-named Hancock Range is situated about north-west of the town of Newman at and commemorates the family's contribution to the establishment of the pastoral and mining industry in the Pilbara region.
In 2003, after a falling out with her, Rinehart's son John changed his surname by deed poll from Rinehart to Hancock; and as of May 2014, their relationship remained difficult as Hancock married his partner of 14 years, Gemma Ludgate, in the absence of Rinehart. John's sister, Bianca Hope Hayward, who was once positioned to take over the family business, served as a director of Hancock Prospecting and HMHT Investments until 31 October 2011, when she was replaced by her half-sister, Ginia Rinehart. In 2013 Bianca married her partner Sasha Serebryakov; and Rinehart did not attend the wedding. Rinehart's other daughter, Hope, married Ryan Welker, an American director of Mineral Resources (a Hancock partial subsidiary) and they live together in Sydney, Australia.
Business career.
After the death of her father in March 1992, Rinehart became Executive Chairwoman of Hancock Prospecting Pty Limited (HPPL) and the HPPL Group of companies. All companies within the group are privately owned. With the notable exception of receiving a royalty stream from Hamersley Iron since the late 1960s, Lang Hancock's mining activities were mainly related to exploration and the accumulation of vast mining leases. In recent years Rinehart has focused on developing Hancock Prospecting's undeveloped deposits, raising capital through joint venture partnerships and turning the leases into revenue producing mines.
Rinehart, via Hancock Prospecting, shares 50 per cent of the profits generated by the Hope Downs mine, which is operated by Rio Tinto and produces 30 million tonnes of iron ore annually. Another joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited at Nicholas Downs, northwest of Newman, is producing 500 million tonnes of ferruginous manganese. The Alpha Coal and Kevin's Corner projects in Central Queensland, both with production due to commence in 2013, are expected to produce 30 million tonnes of coal each. The Roy Hill iron ore project, south of Port Hedland, in the Pilbara is expected to begin production in 2013 with a yield of 55 million tonnes a year.
In 2010 Rinehart took a 10 per cent stake in Ten Network Holdings; James Packer had acquired an 18 per cent stake in the same company shortly before. Since then she has also acquired a substantial stake in Fairfax Media. In acquiring these shares, she has become a major player in the media and no longer limits her interests to the mining business. In February 2012 she increased her stake in Fairfax to over 12 per cent, becoming the largest shareholder of the company. Fairfax journalists were reportedly fearful that she wanted to turn them into a "mouthpiece for the mining industry". In June 2012, she increased her stake further to 18.67 per cent, and was believed to be seeking three board seats and involvement in editorial decisions in Fairfax's newspaper division. Negotiations between Fairfax and Hancock Prospecting broke down in late June because of disagreements over Fairfax's editorial independence policy and other issues relating to board governance; chairman Roger Corbett subsequently announced that Rinehart would not be offered any seats on the board.
In 2014, Rinehart was listed as the 27th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes"; a decline of nine positions from her 2013 ranking of the 16th most powerful woman.
Political activities.
Rinehart opposed the Rudd government's Mineral Resource Rent Tax and Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme as part of a group of mining magnates that included Andrew Forrest. She has founded the lobby group ANDEV, ("Australians for Northern Development & Economic Vision") and has sponsored the trips of prominent climate change sceptic Christopher Monckton to Australia.
Since 2010 Rinehart has been actively promoting the cause of development of Australia's North and has spoken, written articles and published a book on this topic. Rinehart stresses that Australia must do more to welcome investment and improve its cost competitiveness, particularly when Australia faces record debt. She advocates a special economic zone in the North with reduced taxation and less regulations and has enlisted the support of many prominent Australians, plus the Institute of Public Affairs. In a 2012 article in the "Australian Resources and Investment Magazine", Rinehart said that if people wanted to have more money they should "stop whingeing" and "Do something to make more money yourself − spend less time drinking or smoking and socialising, and more time working". She criticised what she saw as the "socialist" policies of the Australian Government of "high taxes" and "excessive regulation".
In a video posted to the Sydney Mining Club's YouTube channel on 23 August 2012, Rinehart expressed concern for Australia's economic competitiveness noting how "Indeed if we competed in the Olympic Games as sluggishly as we compete economically, there would be an outcry." She said "Furthermore, Africans want to work and its workers are willing to work for less than two dollars a day. Such statistics make me worry for this country's future." Rinehart's views were dismissed by the Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, who said that "It's not the Australian way to toss people $2, to toss them a gold coin, and then ask them to work for a day" and that "we support proper Australian wages and decent working conditions." The Australian Deputy Prime Minister and Treasurer, Wayne Swan, described Rinehart's statement as an "insult to the millions of Australian workers who go to work and slog it out to feed the kids and pay the bills."
Hope Margaret Hancock Trust.
In 1988 Lang Hancock established the Hope Margaret Hancock Trust, nominating Rinehart as trustee, with his four grandchildren named as beneficiaries. The Trust owns a quarter of the shares in Hancock Prospecting. In 2011 Rinehart's daughter, Hope Rinehart Welker, commenced a commercial action in the New South Wales Supreme Court for reasons understood to be related to the conduct of the trustee. The action sought to remove Rinehart as sole trustee. Her brother, John, and sister, Bianca, were later revealed as parties to the dispute.
In an agreement reached between the parties, the Court granted an interim non-publication order in September 2011. In making the interim order, Justice Paul Brereton stated: "This is not the first occasion of discord in the family, which has immense wealth, no small part of which resides in the trust. In the past, the affairs of the family, including such discord, has attracted considerable publicity in the media." Then, in a judgement handed down on 7 October 2011, Justice Brereton stated that he intended to dismiss an application by Rinehart, that there be a stay on court action, and that the family be directed into mediation. In December 2011, three justices of the NSW Court of Appeal lifted the suppression orders on the case. However, a stay was granted until 3 February 2012 and extended by the High Court of Australia until 9 March 2012. Rinehart's application for suppression was supported by Ginia Rinehart, but was opposed by Hope, John and Bianca. A subsequent application by Rinehart for a non-publication order on the grounds of fear of personal and family safety was dismissed by the NSW Supreme Court on 2 February 2012. In March 2012, when the suppression order was lifted, it was revealed that Rinehart had delayed the vesting date of the trust, which had prompted the court action by her three older children.
Rinehart stood down as trustee during the hearing in October 2013. While Rinehart's lawyers subsequently declared any legal matters closed, John and Bianca's legal representatives proceeded with a trial in the NSW Supreme Court to deal with allegations of misconduct, whereby Rinehart was accused of having "unclean hands". it appeared likely that the matter would be settled by the court appointing a new trustee.
Personal wealth.
According to the 2014 BRW Rich 200, Rinehart's personal wealth was estimated at 20.01 billion. Meanwhile, "Forbes Asia" estimated her wealth in 2014 at 17.6 billion.
Rinehart first appeared on the 1992 BRW Rich 200 list, published annually in the "Business Review Weekly (BRW)", following the death of her father earlier that year. She has appeared every year since, and became a billionaire in 2006. Due to Australia's mining boom in the early 21st century, Rinehart's wealth increased significantly since 2010, and she diversified investments into media, taking holdings in Ten Network Holdings and Fairfax Media. According to "BRW", she became Australia's richest woman in 2010, and Australia's richest person in 2011, and the first woman to lead the list. During 2012, "BRW" claimed Rinehart was the world's richest woman, surpassing Wal-Mart owner Christy Walton. 
"Forbes" magazine ranked her as the fourth richest woman in 2012 with US$18 billion; the fifth richest woman in 2013 with US$17 billion; and the sixth richest woman in 2014 with US$17.6 billion. 
In 2012 "BRW" estimated her wealth at A$29.17 billion, with Ivan Glasenberg being her closest rival, with net wealth estimated at A$7.4 billion. At the time "BRW" stated that it was possible Rinehart would become the first person with a net wealth of billion.
In 2007, she first appeared on "Forbes Asia" Australia's 40 Richest, with an estimated wealth of 1 billion; more than doubling that the next year to US$2.4 billion; and then, in spite of the global financial crisis, by 2011 had more than trebled to US$9 billion; doubled again in 2012 to US$18 billion; a slight reduction in 2013 to US$17 billion; and a slight increase in 2014 to US$17.6 billion. Releasing the results in February 2011, "Forbes" was the first to name her as Australia's richest person; with "BRW" conferring the same title in May that year.
In June 2011, Citigroup estimated that she was on course to overtake Carlos Slim, the Mexican magnate worth £46 billion (US$74 billion) and Bill Gates, who is worth £35 billion (US$56 billion), mainly because she owns her companies outright. Using a price-to-earnings ratio of 11:1 that applied at that time to her business partner, Rio Tinto, the Australian internet business news service, SmartCompany, stated: "It is possible to see Rinehart's portfolio of coal and iron ore production spinning off annual profits approaching US$10 billion", giving her a "personal net worth valuation of more than US$100 billion". In January 2012, there were further media reports that Rinehart's estimated wealth has increased to A$20 billion following estimates that the Roy Hill project was notionally valued at A$10 billion. 
As of December 2012, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, Rinehart was the 37th richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of US$18.6 billion.
Philanthropy.
In a 2006 "Business Review Weekly" article reviewing the way Australia's rich support philanthropy, it was noted that Rinehart prefers to keep a low profile, partly to avoid being "harassed by other charities" and partly for reasons of privacy. Rinehart is publicly known for visiting girls' orphanages in Cambodia and is on the expert advisory board of SISHA, a Cambodian non-profit organisation campaigning against human trafficking, in particular by rescuing and assisting sexually exploited women and children.

</doc>
<doc id="2886803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886803" title="Shawnee language">
Shawnee language

The Shawnee language is a Central Algonquian language spoken in parts of central and northeastern Oklahoma by the Shawnee people. It was originally spoken in Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania. It is closely related to other Algonquian languages, such as Mesquakie-Sauk (Sac and Fox) and Kickapoo.
Status.
Though Ethnologue has not yet listed Shawnee as a nearly extinct language, it is certainly threatened due to the fact that many of the approximately 200 remaining speakers are older adults, and it may be shifting to English as a result of the tribe's close geographic proximity to English speakers for over 100 years. It is also possible that the decline in usage of Shawnee is the result of reform schools for Native American children that forced an education in English, causing some Native Americans to cease teaching their languages to children.
Of the 2,000 members of the Absentee Shawnee Tribe around Shawnee town, more than 100 are speakers; of the 1,500 members of the Eastern Shawnee Tribe in Ottawa County there are only a few elderly speakers; of the 8,000 members of the Loyal Shawnee in the Cherokee region of Oklahoma around Whiteoak there are fewer than 12 speakers. All of these low figures, in addition to the fact that most speakers are older adults, make Shawnee an endangered language. Additionally, development outside of the home is limited; apart from a dictionary and portions of the Bible from 1842 to 1929, it appears that there is little literature or technology support for Shawnee.
Language revitalization.
Absentee-Shawnee Elder George Blanchard's Shawnee language classes were profiled on the PBS show "The American Experience" in 2009. The Eastern Shawnee have also taught language classes.
Conversational Shawnee booklets and CDs, and a Learn Shawnee Language website are available.
Sounds.
Stress in Shawnee falls on the final syllable of a word.
Vowels.
Shawnee has six vowels, three of which are high, and three are low.<br>
High- i i: o<br>
Low- e a a: <br>
<br>
Consonants.
Shawnee consonants are shown in the chart below.
The Shawnee /θ/ is most often derived from Proto-Algonquian *s.
Some speakers of Shawnee pronounce /ʃ/ more like an alveolar . This pronunciation is especially common among Loyal Band Shawnee speakers near Vinita, Oklahoma.<br>
Phonology.
<br>
ye-kkil-a-ki<br>
SUB-hide-DIR-3sAO<br>
when (I) hide him<br>
<br>
ye-kkil-a-kki<br>
SUB-hide-DIR-3pAO<br>
when (I) hide them<br>
"These affixes (-ki, -kki) are object markers in the Transitive Animate Subordinate Mode. The subject is understood."<br>
Phonological Rules.
/#____V<br>
A word may not begin with a vowel. Instead, an on-glide is added. For example:<br>
There are two variants of the article "-oci", meaning "from." It can attach to nouns to form prepositional phrases, or it can also be a preverb. When it attaches to a noun, it is "-ooci," and when attached to a preverb it is "-hoci."<br>
example<br>
naamin-ooci<br>
Norman-from<br>
from Norman<br>
<br>
oklahooma niila hoci-lenawe<br>
Oklahoma 1 from-live<br>
I'm from Oklahoma<br>
Morphology.
Morphophonological rules.
Rule 1.
t/V____V<br>
As we know from the phonological rule stated above, a word may not begin with a vowel in Shawnee. From the morphophonological rule above, we can assume that ~.<br>
example<br>
"-eecini(i)" meaning "Indian agent" appears as "hina heecini" or "that Indian agent," and as "ho-meaning "he was their Indian agent." The [t of "ho-fills the open slot that would otherwise have to be filled with [h. <br>
Rule 2.
V1-V2-----> V1<br>
A short vowel preceding another short vowel at a morpheme boundary is deleted.<br>
example<br>
hina + -ene ( > hinene)<br>
that + -Xtimes<br>
at that time period, then<br>
<br>
melo'kami -eke ( > melo'kameke)<br>
spring -LOC<br>
in spring<br>
Rule 3.
V:V------> V:<br>
When a long vowel and a short vowel come together at a morpheme boundary, the short vowel is deleted.<br>
example<br>
ho-staa-ekw-a -li ( > ho-staa-koo-li)<br>
3-build-INV-DIR-3sOBV<br>
he built (him) (a house)<br>
<br>
kaa -ki -noot-en -aa-maa-ekw-a ( > kaakinootenaamaakwa)<br>
REDUP-PERF-hear-by.hand-TI-TA-INV-DIR<br>
(he) signed by hand (to me) (repeatedly)<br>
Grammar and syntax.
Shawnee shares many grammatical features with other Algonquian languages. There are two third persons, proximate and obviative, and two noun classes (or genders), animate and inanimate. It is primarily agglutinating typologically, and is polysynthetic, resulting in a great deal of information being encoded on the verb. The most common word order is Verb-Subject.
Instrumental and transitivizing affixes.
stem-(instrumental affix)-transitivizing affix-object affix <br>
The instrumental affix is not obligatory, but if it is present, it determines the type of transitivizing affix that can follow it, (see numbering scheme below) or by the last stem in the theme. <br>
Instrumental affixes are as follows <br>
Possessive paradigm: inanimate nouns.
-tɵani (w)- 'bed' <br>
<br>
Modality.
The Independent and Imperative orders are used in independent clauses. The Imperative Order involves an understood second person affecting first or third persons. <br>
<br>
teke ki-e' -memekw-i <br>
NEG 2-FUT-run -IMPER <br>
'you mustn't run' <br>
<br>
teki-koos-i-ma <br>
NEG run.from-IMPER-AO <br>
'you mustn't run away from him' <br>
<br>
teke-wi'θen-i kola'-waapaki <br>
NEG eat -IMPER early-morning <br>
'you mustn't eat early in the morning' <br>
<br>
Independent Mode: <br>
Inanimate Intransitive (II): <br>
3s---> /-i/ ---> skwaaw-i 'it is red' <br>
3p---> /-a/ ---> kinwaaw-a 'those are long' <br>
Demonstrative pronouns.
Refer to the examples below. 'Yaama' meaning 'this' in examples 1 and 2 refers to someone in front of the speaker. The repetition of 'yaama' in example 1 emphasizes the location of the referent in the immediate presence of the speaker. <br>
<br>
(1) yaama-kookwe-nee -θa -yaama <br>
this-strange-appearing-PERSON-this<br>
'this stranger (the one right in front of me)' <br>
<br>
(2) mata-yaama-ha' -pa-skoolii-wi <br>
not this TIME-go-school- AI <br>
ni-oosθe' -0a <br>
1-grandchild-PERSON <br>
'this grandchild of mine does not go to school' <br>
<br>
Refer to the examples below. 'Hina' functions as a third-person singular pronoun.<br>
<br>
hina-ha'θepati ni-e-si-naa-pe <br>
3 racoon 1 -call-thus-IN.OBJ-1p <br>
'we called him (the Indian Agent) racoon' <br>
<br>
we ha'θepati -si -θo -hina <br>
now raccoon name-PASSIVE 3 <br>
'then he (the Indian Agent) was named raccoon' <br>
<br>
howe-si taakteli -hina <br>
good-AI doctor 3 <br>
'he was a good doctor' <br>
<br>
Refer to the examples below. 'Hini' fulfills the same functions as above for inanimate nouns. Locational and third-person singular pronominal uses are found in the following examples. <br>
<br>
na'θaapi ni-aay-a hini <br>
even 1-REDUP-go that <br>
'I would even go there' <br>
<br>
hini-h-i-si-ci-howe <br>
that -say-thus-3-now <br>
'(when) he said that (to me)' <br>
<br>
Word order.
Shawnee has a fairly free word order, with VSO being the most common: <br>
teki koos -i -ma <br>
NEG run.from-IMPER-AO <br>
'run you from him' (in the negative) <br>
'you mustn't run away from him' <br>
<br>
SOV, SVO, VOS, and OVS are also plausible.
Grammatical categories.
Parts of speech in the Algonquian languages, Shawnee included, show a basic division between inflecting forms (nouns, verbs and pronouns), and non-inflecting invariant forms (also known as particles). Directional particles ("piyeci" meaning "towards") incorporate into the verb itself. Although particles are invariant in form, they have different distributions and meanings that correspond to adverbs ("noki" meaning "now", "waapaki" meaning "today", "lakokwe" meaning "so, certainly", "mata" meaning "not") postpositions ("heta'koθaki wayeeci" meaning "towards the east") and interjections ("ce" meaning "so!").<br><br>
Case.
Examples (1) and (2) below show the grammatical interaction of obviation and inverse. The narrative begins in (1) in which grandfather is the grammatical subject [+AGENT] in discourse-focus [+PROXIMATE]. In (2), grandfather remains in discourse-focus [+PROXIMATE], but he is now the grammatical object [+OBJECT]. To align grammatical relations properly in (2), the inverse marker /-ekw-/ is used in the verb stem to signal that the governor is affecting grandfather. (The prefix /ho-/ on 'ho-stakooli' refers to grandfather). <br><br>
(1) he-meci -naat-aw'ky-aa-ci hina ni-me'soom' -θa <br>
SUB-COMPLETED-much-land -TA-3SUB that 1-grandfather-PERSON<br>
'afterwards my grandfather received land' <br>
<br>
(2) wiikiwa ho-staa -ekw-a -li kapenalee-li<br>
house 3-build-INV-DIR-3sOBV governor -3sOBV<br>
'the governor built (him) a house' <br>
(/-li/ is the obviative marker)<br>
<br>
Since the person building the house (the governor) is disjoint from the person who the house is being built for (the grandfather), this disjunction is marked by placing one participant in the obviative. Since grandfather is the focus in this narrative, the governor is assigned the obviative marking. Grammatically, 'kapenal-ee' (-ee- < -ile- < -ileni- 'person') is the subject who is not in discourse-focus (marked by /-li/ 3sOBVIATIVE), showing that grammatical relations and obviation are independent categories. <br>
<br>
Similar interactions of inverse and obviation are found below. In Shawnee, third person animate beings participate in obviation, including grammatically animate nouns that are semantically inanimate. <br>
<br>
we ni-cis-h -ekw-a hina weepikwa <br>
then 1-fear-CAUSE-INV-DIR- that spider <br>
'then that spider scared me' <br>
<br>
ho-waap-am-aa-li kisa'θwa-li <br>
3-look -TA-DIR-3sOBV- sun -3sOBV <br>
'he looked at the sun' <br>
<br>
Locative affix /-eki/.
The Shawnee /-eki/ meaning "in" can be used with either gender. This locative affix cliticizes onto the preceding noun, and thus it appears to be a case ending. <br>
<br>
tekwakhwikan-eki<br>
box -in <br>
'in a box' <br>
<br>
msi-wikiwaap-eki <br>
big-house -in <br>
'in a big house' <br>
<br>
tθene melo'kami-eki <br>
every spring -in <br>
'every spring'
Person, number, and gender.
Gender.
The basic distinction for gender in Shawnee is between animate actors and inanimate objects.<br>
Grammatical gender in Shawnee is more accurately signaled by the "phonology", not the semantics.<br>
Nouns ending in /-a/ are animate, while nouns ending in /-i/ are inanimate. It should be noted that this phonological criterion is not absolute. Modification by a demonstrative ("hina" being animate and "hini" being inanimate, meaning "that") and pluralization are conclusive tests.<br>
<br>
In the singular, Shawnee animate nouns end in /-a/, and the obviative singular morpheme is /-li/.<br>
Shawnee inanimate nouns are usually pluralized with stem +/-ali/. <br>
This causes animate obviative singular and inanimate plural to look alike on the surface.<br>
example<br>
<br>
animate obviative singular<br>
wiskilo'θa-li<br>
bird<br>
<br>
inanimate plural<br>
niipit-ali<br>
my teeth<br>
Person.
The choice of person affix may depend on the relative position of Agent and Object on the Animacy Hierarchy. According to Dixon the animacy hierarchy extends from first person pronoun, second person pronoun, third person pronoun, proper nouns, human common nouns, animate common nouns, and inanimate common nouns.<br>
The affixes in the verb will reflect whether an animate agent is acting on someone or something lower in the animacy scale, or whether he is being acted upon by someone or something lower in the animacy scale.
Orthography.
During the 19th century a short-lived Roman-based alphabet was designed for Shawnee by the missionary Jotham Meeker. It was never widely used. Later, native Shawnee speaker Thomas 'Wildcat' Alford devised a highly phonemic and accurate orthography for his 1929 Shawnee translation of the four gospels of the New Testament, but it, too, never attained wide usage.

</doc>
<doc id="2886809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886809" title="Yogi (disambiguation)">
Yogi (disambiguation)

A yogi is an advanced practitioner of yoga in Eastern religions.
Yogi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886811" title="Giretsu Kuteitai">
Giretsu Kuteitai

History.
After USAAF B-29 Superfortress strategic bombers began attacks on Tokyo from bases in the Mariana Islands, the 1st Raiding Brigade of the "Teishin Shudan" was ordered to form a commando unit for a “special operations” mission to attack and destroy the bombers on the Aslito Airfield on Saipan. Captain Michiro Okuyama, commander of the Brigade's engineering company and trained in sabotage and demolition was selected as mission leader, and he selected an additional 126 men from his own team (1st "Teishin-Dan" 1st Regiment 4th Company) to form the first "Giretsu" Airborne Unit. It was initially organized with a command section and five platoons and one independent squad, based at the IJA air academy at Saitama. The group unit also included eight intelligence officers and two radio men from the Nakano School.
Tactics.
The "Giretsu" operations were to be undertaken at night, beginning with air strikes by bombers. After this, commando units would be inserted onto the target airfield by crash landing their transports. The fact that there was no provision for extraction of the strike force, along with the rejection of surrender in Japanese military doctrine at the time, meant that the "Giretsu" ground operations were effectively suicide attacks.
Operations.
The attack against the Marianas was scheduled for 24 December 1944, but was called off after American raids damaged the planned refueling airfields on Iwo Jima. After the Marianas raid was cancelled plans were made to attack airfields on Iwo Jima captured by the United States Marine Corps in March, but these too were cancelled when the Iwo Jima garrison fell.
On 1 April, US forces landed on Okinawa, and American fighters based on Okinawa's west coast intercepted and shot down many kamikaze aircraft attacking the American fleet. In the middle of April, the Sixth Air Army requested the deployment the "Giretsu" Special Forces to neutralize these airfields, in what was designated "Operation "Gi-gou"". On 18 May, this was authorized.
On the night of 24 May 1945, 12 Ki-21-IIbs of the Daisan Dokuritsu Hikōtai ("3rd Independent Squadron": 32 crew members commanded by Captain Chuichi Suwabe) were dispatched for a strike, each with 14 commandos. Eight were assigned to Yontan and four to Kadena. Four aircraft aborted the mission with engine problems, and three more were shot down, however five managed to crash-land at Yontan airfield during the confusion caused by a diversionary attack by some 50 IJAAF and IJN bombers and fighters.
Only one plane landed successfully. About 10 surviving raiders, armed with submachine guns and various explosives then wreaked havoc on the supplies and nearby aircraft, killed two US servicemen, destroyed 70,000 gallons of fuel and nine aircraft, and damaged 29 more before being annihilated by the defenders. One survivor joined the Thirty-Second Army Headquarters around 12 June.
A second large-scale attack on bases in the Marianas with the specific intent of destroying B-29 Superfortress bombers was again planned with 60 transports and 900 commandos for the nights of 19–23 August 1945 (Operation "Ken-gou"). On 15 August, Japan surrendered and the operation was canceled.
Uniforms and equipment.
"Giretsu" personnel wore special hand-made camouflage uniforms and carried special equipment. Most were armed with Type 100 submachine guns, Type 99 rifles, Type 99 light machine guns, and Type 30 bayonets, Type 89 Grenade Dischargers, Type 99 Grenades and Type 99 mines, as well as Type 94 8 mm Pistols.

</doc>
<doc id="2886821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886821" title="Sukisho">
Sukisho

, also known as "Sukisho!" or "Sukisyo!" is a light novel that has since expanded into a Boys' Love game (a type of Visual Novel), an anime series and OVA. The title translates into English as "I like what I like, so it can't be helped", or "I like what I like, so there!" The best known of the versions is the BL game, which features mild BL, and, in the original PC release, hardcore BL. The story is owned by SOFTPAL and Platinum Label, and the illustrations to the novels and games is by Tsutae Yuzu.
TV Series Plot.
High-school student Sora Hashiba was hospitalized after falling from the fourth floor of the school building. On his first night back in the dormitory, he wakes to find a strange boy addressing him by the name "Yoru". The stranger identifies himself as "Ran" and says he's Sora's new roommate. The next day, Sora's childhood friend and dorm manager, Matsuri Honjou, informs Sora that the other boy, whom Matsuri identifies as Sunao Fujimori or "Nao-kun," is actually another childhood friend of Sora. Sora doesn't remember meeting Sunao before. In fact, Sora can't remember much of anything regarding his past, and the series follows his quest to regain his memory.
Sora soon learns why Sunao identified himself as "Ran" that first night: he and Sora have alternate personalities. Sora's is Yoru, a powerful protector and the lover of the more dependent, feminized Ran. The existence of these alternate personalities, and the relationship between them, has some mysterious connection with Sora's fall from the window and his forgotten past. The alternate personalities' passionate relationship is a far cry from the hostility and distrust between Sora and Sunao. Because Yoru and Ran possess them arbitrarily, Sora and Sunao frequently find themselves in embarrassing situations when they regain control of their minds.
Other comical situations arise from Matsuri's efforts to draw Sora and Sunao into his moneymaking schemes, known as the group "The School Do-It-Alls" and from such minor characters as a bishōnen ghost and three younger boys who resemble the trio. No parents are ever mentioned, and the only authority figures are school nurse Kai Nanami and math teacher Shin-ichirou Minato, but it is known that Sora and Sunao are both orphans. Both have some connection with Sora and Sunao's dark past, which also involves one of the older students at the school, Kai Nagase, and a mysterious doctor named Aizawa.
Characters.
The main character of "Sukisho". Sora can't remember his past and at first doesn't know he has an alternate personality named Yoru. Sora has spiky blue hair, blue eyes, and is usually easy going, and also loves to eat. As a dominant male, he has a complicated and occasionally hostile relationship with his roommate and former childhood friend Sunao Fujimori. Normally, he refers to Sunao by his last name, Fujimori. Sora also seems to be the character most often harmed in the anime. (Voiced by: Hikaru Midorikawa, Rika Higashino (child))
Sunao is Sora's childhood friend and current roommate. Sunao has long pink hair usually tied with a long piece of red ribbon and pink eyes, and an alternate personality named Ran. Easily angered, he isn't above punching anyone who makes him lose his temper, especially Sora, who he punches a few times in the beginning of the anime series. At first, he claims he hates Sora, but he becomes closer to Sora with each game/episode, eventually consummating his relationship with Sora. Just as Sora calls Sunao by his last name, Sunao refers to Sora as Hashiba; in some episodes, Sunao calls Sora by the childhood nickname of "Kuu-chan" instead. (Voiced by: Souichirou Hoshi, Madoka Akita (child))
Sora's alternate personality. Unlike Sora, Yoru is both shrewd and flirtatious. He is considered the seme of the couple. Yoru loves Ran, but he isn't above flirting with anyone he loves Ran and will often show it when in bed with him (which embarrasses Sunao in the aftermath). However, Yoru will protect Sora when he feels a need. In the game, he also likes to joke around with Sora by placing images of Sora's friends in odd positions (including Sunao and Ran, Hiromu, Nanami, and oddly enough, Yoru himself). Yoru can be distinguished from Sora by his slightly darker hair, increased height, deeper voice and a glowing amber left eye. He is also usually seen with a long white piece of cloth tied to his right arm. In one of the drama CDs it is said that he tried to kill himself because he left Ran in the lab, and wears the white cloth as a memento. (Voiced by: Takehito Koyasu)
Just as Sora has Yoru, Sunao also has an alternate personality, named Ran (蘭), which is Japanese for orchid. Ran is dependent, demanding and in some cases more feminine than Sunao. Ran is the uke of the pairing, and loves Yoru to the point of an obsession. He will occasionally flirt with Sora only to bring out Yoru. Ran can be distinguished from Sunao by his slightly brighter pink hair color (in the game), higher voice, and red eyes; in the anime, the red eyes are the only feature the two personalities don't share. Unlike Yoru, Ran never harasses Sunao, though he will attempt to seduce anyone else. Note that Kappei Yamaguchi is the voice actor for Ran in the Drama CD and games, but the same voice actor (Hoshi Souichirou) plays both Sunao and Ran the anime. (Voiced by: Game/Drama CD: Kappei Yamaguchi / Anime: Souichirou Hoshi)
A close childhood friend of both Sora and Sunao, Matsuri has long blond hair and green eyes. The dorm manager and head of the Do-It-All Club (in the anime), Matsuri always carries a camera, frequently taking fun (if embarrassing for Sora) snapshots. He's an upbeat person who likes to tease his friends, often inventing elaborate plans usually revolving around getting Sora and Sunao together, or making money. Sora and Sunao rarely like any of Matsuri's ideas, but the pair tends to go along with Matsuri despite that. Note that the Jack-of-All-Trades club that Matsuri establishes in the anime does not exist in the games. Also, he resembles Saotome Haruna from "Mahou Sensei Negima" in both image (Long hair with antennae) and Paru sama personality + Kazumi paparazzi (Voiced by: Susumu Chiba, Chiro Kanzaki (child))
The school nurse. Nanami is possibly the most feminine character in Sukisho (second most feminine would probably be Ran). The perfect housewife, Nanami cooks and cleans with a smile on his face. He lives with Shin-ichirou, whom he is in love with (they are seen sharing the same bed in the anime and the dramas show them to be married). He is very nice and easy to talk to, although he is constantly haunted with guilt because of his past where he worked with Aizawa conducting immoral experiments on humans in an effort to help Shin-ichiro with his own mental condition.
There is hardly any difference between the games and the anime when concerning Nanami, but in the games he tends to be slightly more high strung (he can and WILL punch Shin-ichirou when he feels the need for it). Nanami has brown shoulder length hair (may be slightly longer) and blue eyes. (Voiced by: Akira Ishida)
The school math teacher. He loves Nanami and cares very much for Sora and Sunao (who often refer to him as 'nii-chan'or "brother" though they are not blood related). Usually, Shin-ichirou is very easy going and somewhat immature, though caring. He will often flirt with Nanami, but most of the time in a playful way. He is, however, very prone to jealousy and he also has another side of him often referred to as 'Minato' or 'Minato-sensei'. As Minato, he is very flirtatious and will attempt to force people into sex (often Sora or Nanami). Usually, Nanami just has to mess up Minato's hair or punch him to bring back Shin-ichirou. In White Flower, Minato acts more evil and becomes Aizawa's slave after being brainwashed. Shin-ichirou has black spiky hair and blue eyes. As Minato, his hair is a lot more tidy and sometimes his eyes are pitch black. (Voiced by: Shinichirou Miki)
Sora's friend, he is a year younger than Sora. He has a crush on Nagase Kai, manager of the Chemistry labs. He seems to be always happy, and he tries to help his friend any way he can. A sincere boy of pure feelings, Sora says that "He expresses four times more his feelings than the majority of the people". In the game "Mou Matte", Gaku is given the position of main character and must choose to either continue his relationship with Nagase (as the uke, or bottom) or start a new one with Shiina (as the seme, or top). (Voiced by: Atsushi Kisaichi)
He is the chemistry lab manager. A quiet, serious and mysterious man, yet he is very intelligent and has gotten his thesis printed in numerous science magazines. Gaku is in love with him, admires him and is always praising him whenever he can. Nagase knows this, and takes advantage of this when needed. But finally, he changed because of Gaku's true love. He is the son of Professor Aizawa, the main antagonist. (Voiced by: Ryoutarou Okiayu)
Sei (Hashiba), Ren Shiina, and Fuuta Kitamura (aka the Chibis):
Three children who have become attached to Sora, Sunao, and the rest. It is unknown if Sei and Shiina have parents, but Kitamura has become Hano Yoshihiro's stepbrother (which he resents in the anime). Sei resembles Sora while Shiina resembles a young Nanami. Kitamura does not really resemble anyone, but fans have said he somewhat resembles Sunao due to his hot pink hair. After episode 3, they are never seen apart and seem to act identical for most of the series (except in episode 13, the OVA). In the games, their personalities are a lot more diverse and they are very similar Sora, Sunao, and Matsuri when they were in school. Sei acts the most immature of three (Sora), Kitamura comes up with various plans and likes to joke around (Matsuri), and Shiina tends to be the more effeminate tsundere (Sunao). They also live together in the same dorms. In the games and their teacher is Sora. Although not exactly related, Sei is sometimes seen as Sora and Sunao's child. In the games, Shiina also has a crush on Gaku and whether or not he ends up with Gaku depends on the player's choice (in both White Flower and Mou Matte). Kitamura can also end up with Gaku, but only in Mou Matte. In the game Sei is Sora's clone. He cannot speak first, but starts to trust Sunao and Sora after a while. After White Flower, the three of them are like a family. Ren (蓮) or (恋) means 'lotus' or 'romance, love' in Japanese. (Voiced by: Sei: Kouki Miyata. Ren Shiina: Anime: Chiro Kanzaki / OVA: Motoki Takagi. Fuuta Kitamura: Anime: Yu Kobayashi / OVA: Takahiro Sakurai)
Kano-kun:
The adopted child of Ayano. He is really shy and unexpressive, seems to be a chibi-Gaku as Sei-kun to Sora (chibi-Sora). The first time he smiled was when Ayano used his favourite plushie (a pink rabbit) to talk to him. Since then, Ayano always brings it with him. In the games and novels, Aizawa made Kano out of DNA from Gaku Ichikawa as he admired Gaku's cheerfulness. (Voiced by: Michiru Yamazaki)
Soushi Asaka:
Occasionally appears in the game and makes brief appearances in the anime. Soushi is a lawyer who loves to flirt with Nanami. Most of the time, he playfully flirts with Nanami just to anger Shin-ichirou. Compared to most of the character, he acts a lot more refined, but he will occasionally get mad (especially if children are making too much noise). In the games, there are scenes where he and Sora have sex (depending on the choices the player makes). The PS2 game and the Drama CDs show that Soushi and Matsuri could become a couple. He is also the middle brother of Shin-ichirou Minto and Ryouya Kozuki. (Voiced by: Yuji Ueda)
Ryouya Kozuki (aka Ayano-chan):
Shin-ichirou's and Soushi's older brother. He has a psychiatric clinic and he does double-personalities-analysis to Sora and to Sunao (with Soushi's and Nanami's approval, though the same can not be said for Sora and Sunao). He brings always with him a pink rabbit and does ventriloquism with it to his adopted child, Kano-kun (seemingly a bit unexpressive and shy enough). Smiles often and loves children. In the games, he originally worked for Aizawa. (Voiced by: Toshiyuki Morikawa)
Hiromu Sakura:
A young boy who loves Sora (later on he loves Sunao in the game). He gets into an accident that puts him into the hospital. He then becomes a wandering spirit, but what he does differs between the anime and the games. In the anime, Hiromu haunts the halls of the school to find Sora. In the games, he possesses Sunao and tries to spend time with Sora (this is indicated by Sunao's sudden hair color change to white and the playful tune in the background). Hiromu acts very innocent and playful. Eventually, his spirit returns to his body. In First Limit, Sora can end up with Hiromu if the players makes the right choices. (Voiced by: Daisuke Sakaguchi)
Yoshihiro Hano:
Gaku Ichikawa's classmate, and is also close to Fuuta Kitamura. He is cheerful and enjoys chemistry, just like Gaku, and is the step brother of Fuuta Kitamura. In the games and novels, he has an obsession with putting pink bows in his hair. (Voiced by: Kenji Nojima)
Chris:
A character appearing only in the games and the OVA, he is a young boy who works at a nearby church and has a very close relationship with Sora Hashiba. In Target Nights, he became friends with Sora, but ended almost killing Sora and Sunao, because he said that Sora was possessed. Later, it is revealed that Aizawa manipulated his feelings to get revenge on Nanami (who was Chris real target) to which Chris apologies. Chris also has a love interest in Nanami, the two where close friends when Nanami worked for Aizawa in the laboratory. On the next games, he became a recurring character and a real friend of Sora and his friends. (Voiced by: Hiro Yuuki)
Aizawa:
Aizawa is the main antagonist in Sukisho. He is a professor at the university which Sunao attends after the games, and the chemistry department advisor. Aizawa is obsessed with studying medicine and cloning and even invented medicine that can control the mind and emotions of human beings. Aizawa grew up with and became friends with Shin-ichirou Minato and Kai Nanami. Aizawa struggled with psychological issues, unable to function properly in public, and had issues handling his emotions. Aizawa had began falling in love with Shin-ichirou Minato but failed to cope with such emotions. As he entered high school, he switched schools and Kai Nanami wound up working and studying under him by college so he can help Shin-ichirou with his schizophrenia but left after Aizawa attacked him. Aizawa became obsessed with causing Nanami pain and shortly after, kidnapped Sora Hashiba and Sunao Fujimori and had preformed grotesque experiments on them when they were children. Aizawa has three "sons" whom are all clones by the names Nagase Kai, Cano, and Ren Shiina. Aizawa cannot also feel pain physically. Despite Aizawa being cold and collective, he is usually hyper and fun around Gaku Ichikawa and Nagase Kai. Aizawa deeply cares about the people around him, but due too his emotional disability, has issues showing so. Shin-ichirou's brother Ayano winds up working for him, claiming Aizawa was very depressed and lonely. Most of Aizawa's hate towards Nanami is mostly due to jealousy. By the end of the games, Aizawa redeems himself and happily works as a professor again, leaving the main characters alone. It's implied him and Ayano become a couple. (Voiced by: Jūrōta Kosugi)
Episodes.
Opening Theme: "Just A Survivor", performed by Tatsuhisa Suzuki. <BR>
Ending Theme: "Daydreamin'", performed by Kishō Taniyama.
Games.
Currently, there are four games and one spin-off in the "Sukisho" series. The games were originally point-and-click visual novels released for PC, containing sexual content, though certain body parts are censored (as is all pornographic material in Japan).
Three of the games have been released on the Sony PlayStation 2. The PS2 versions have been heavily edited and many new CG scenes have been added. In addition, they feature the voice acting from the Drama CD cast, which were absent in the PC release. These games do not yet have an official English translation.
"First Limit".
The first game in the series. Sora Hashiba was put into the hospital for quite some time after falling from one of the school buildings. He didn't receive any major injuries, but he has lost some of his memories in the process. However, he continually sees a vision of him being carried through several dark corridors and the voice of someone calling out to him. After being released from the hospital, Sora heads back to the dorms to find that a new boy by the name of Sunao Fujimori, who will now be his roommate. He is told that Sunao is his childhood friend, but he cannot recall spending his childhood with Sunao. As he spends time with Sunao, he notices some strange things about him, including his transformation into his alternate personality Ran. On top of that, the spirit of a hospitalized schoolmate possesses Sunao and confesses his love for him. Depending on the player's decisions, Sora can either end up with Sunao, Hiromu, Ran, or Minato.
"Target Nights".
After spending some time in Shin-ichirou and Nanami's place, Sora and Sunao come across a mysterious cosplaying bandit known only by the number 416. He claims that he has come to take away something precious from Sora. Meanwhile, Sora and Sunao meet Chris, who works at the nearby church. While he seems harmless, he begins to spend more time with Sora. To top it all off, Sora begins to realize that there are times when he and Sunao are mysteriously in bed together. He already knows about Sunao's connection with his alternate personality Ran, but could that mean he has his own alternate personality as well? Depending on the choices of the player, Sora will either end up with Sunao, Chris, Ran, Matsuri, or Minato. Also, obtaining all the CGs rewards the player with a special ending involving bandits 416, 773, and most recently 848.
"Rain".
Possibly the turning point in the series. Sora and Sunao continue their life in school. All seems normal until Sora notices a child that looks very similar to himself. Also, some of his schoolmates are beginning to act a little strange. Even Sora begins to notice that something odd about his connection to Sunao and the relationship between their alternate personalities Yoru and Ran. Depending on the choices of the player, Sora may end up with Sunao, Matsuri, Soushi, or Minato. Collecting all the CGs allows the player to access secret endings that involve Sora, Sunao, Matsuri, Shin-ichirou, and Nanami banding together as cosplaying bandits 848, 370, 332, 416, and 773.
"Sukisho" cast's status prior to "White Flower":
"White Flower".
The final game in the series. Taking place a couple of years after "Rain", many changes have been made to the school. Not only is it no longer an all-boys school, several of the former students are now working as teachers while others move onto other jobs. Sora, as one of the teachers, has been living a fairly normal life as he takes Minato's place as teacher. However, he realizes that it won't stay normal for long when he sees that Sunao, who he has not seen since the events in "Rain", reappears in one of the halls. This game finally wraps up the story between Sora and Sunao and ends their conflict with Professor Aizawa. Depending on the player's choices, Sora can either end up with Sunao, Nanami, Hiromu, Matsuri, Soushi, or Minato. There are two hidden endings in this game. The Yoru/Ran ending is received when achieving the true ending, while the Kaito ending is obtained when all the CGs are collected.
"Mou Matte".
A spin off of the "Sukisho" games. Takes place some time in between "Rain" and "White Flower". The player now controls Gaku Ichikawa, one of Sora's friends who worked in the Chemistry Lab. Gaku must now choose whether to continue his relationship with Kai Nagase or start a new one with Ren Shiina. Depending on the player's choice, Gaku may end up with Shiina, Nagase, or Kitamura. Most of the main cast from the previous "Sukisho" games are visibly absent, including Sora and Sunao. Of the original cast, only Gaku, Nagase, Shiina, Kitamura, Nanami, Nakahara, and Hano make appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="2886826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886826" title="California State Route 36">
California State Route 36

State Route 36 (SR 36) is an east–west state highway in the U.S. state of California that is routed from U.S. Route 101 in Humboldt County to U.S. Route 395 just east of Susanville in Lassen County. The portion of SR 36 travelling past Lassen Volcanic National Park and Lake Almanor is part of the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway, a National Scenic Byway. Also, Route 36 between Alton and Susanville is a designated Blue Star Memorial Highway.
Route description.
SR 36 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System. However, it is not an official scenic highway as designated by Caltrans.
SR 36 begins in Alton at an interchange with US 101. It continues east through the communities of Hydesville and Carlotta before paralleling the Van Duzen River all the way to the town of Bridgeville. It passes near McClellan Mountain as it follows a curving path through the communities of Dinsmore and Cobbs, then enters Trinity National Forest.
Once in Trinity County, the highway veers away from the Van Duzen River, and crosses the Mad River before passing through the communities of Mad River and Forest Glen. The route briefly bends north to intersect with the southern terminus of SR 3 before turning east again and entering first Shasta County, where SR 36 passes through Wildwood and Platina, where it intersects CR A16 and leaves the forest, and enters Tehama County. SR 36 passes through Rosewood and later intersects CR A5 before entering the city of Red Bluff as Beegum Road. SR 36 continues south as Main Street into downtown Red Bluff before making a turn east as Oak Street, crossing the Sacramento River and coming to an interchange with I-5 before turning into Antelope Boulevard and passing the Tehama County Fairgrounds as it leaves the city limits.
SR 36 intersects the northern terminus of SR 99 and turns northeast at the intersection. Several miles later, SR 36 intersects CR A6 at the community of Dales before continuing east and passing through Paynes Creek. Eventually, SR 36 intersects SR 172 at the town of Mineral in the Lassen National Forest before running concurrently with SR 89. SR 89 and SR 36 intersect with the eastern terminus of SR 32 before crossing into Plumas County. Once the highway reaches the western shore of Lake Almanor, SR 89 continues southeast, while SR 36 passes through the community of Chester along the northern shore of Lake Almanor.
The route continues into Lassen County, where it intersects SR 147 and passes in between Lassen and Plumas National Forests. SR 36 intersects SR 44 before entering the city of Susanville as Hillcrest Road. The highway continues north briefly as Pine Street before becoming Main Street and continuing east through downtown Susanville and intersecting SR 139 and CR A27 before leaving the city limits. SR 36 ends at an intersection with US 395 just southwest of Johnstonville.
In popular culture.
On the TV show "Lost", during a flashback scene in the episode "Further Instructions," John Locke picks up a hitchhiker who happens to be an undercover police officer on State Route 36.
In author Robyn Carr's romantic novel series Virgin River, the fictional town of Virgin River is located off State Route 36 in the mountains of Humboldt County in Northern California.

</doc>
<doc id="2886833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886833" title="Celeritas">
Celeritas

Celeritas /kɛ'lɛritas/ or /tʃɛ'lɛritas/ is a Latin word, translated as "swiftness" or "speed". It is often given as the origin of the symbol "c", the universal notation for the speed of light in a vacuum, as popularized in Albert Einstein's famous equation "E" = "mc"². In SI units, the speed of light in a vacuum is defined as 299 792 458 meters per second (1 079 252 848.8 km/h). 
History.
In the 19th century, "V" was commonly used to denote the speed of light. Einstein used this notation in his famous 1905 papers. Thus, Einstein originally wrote his most famous equation as "m = L / V2" (he used "E" elsewhere for a different energy). The first use of the letter "c" as a symbol for the speed of light was in an 1856 paper by Wilhelm Eduard Weber and Rudolf Kohlrausch. Weber used the notation to stand for "constant", and it later became known as "Weber's constant". At the turn of the 20th century, "c" was popularised by influential physicists such as Max Planck and Hendrik Lorentz. In 1907, Einstein switched to this notation in his papers.
A 1959 essay by science fiction and popular science author Isaac Asimov is the first reference to "c" standing for "celeritas", though he cited no evidence to support this. It is now standard to see ""c" is for "celeritas"". David Bodanis, in his popular science book "E=mc²: A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation", states that "the speed of light has this unsuspected letter for its name probably out of homage for the period before the mid 1600s when science was centered around Italy, and Latin was the language of choice, "Celeritas" is the Latin word for swiftness."

</doc>
<doc id="2886835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886835" title="Dancer, Texas Pop. 81">
Dancer, Texas Pop. 81

Dancer, Texas Pop. 81 is a 1998 comedy-drama film starring Breckin Meyer, Peter Facinelli, Eddie Mills, and Ethan Embry.
Plot.
Set in the small, fictional American town of Dancer (Brewster County, Texas), only 81 people live in this town. Following their high school graduation, four young men wrestle with their decisions to leave town for Los Angeles.
Reception.
"Dancer, Texas Pop. 81" received positive reviews; it currently holds an 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Film reviewer Joe M. O'Connell, writing for the San Antonio Express-News, called the film "The finest representation of small-town Texas since "The Last Picture Show"." The movie was filmed in Fort Davis, Texas as dancer and the tri county area.

</doc>
<doc id="2886844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886844" title="Tall Timber Short Lines">
Tall Timber Short Lines

Tall Timber Short Lines was a magazine dedicated to logging railroads and short line railroads, and was published by Oso Publications. The magazine is read both by model railroaders and those into logging history and modeling. The magazine ended publication in August, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2886856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886856" title="Young Moro Professionals Network">
Young Moro Professionals Network

The Young Moro Professionals Network (YMPN) is a non-governmental organization (NGO) composed of young Moro professionals advocating peaceful means to improve the socio-economic well-being of the Bangsamoro people. While a majority of members live in the Philippines, particularly in Metro Manila and Mindanao, there are several members who are based in other countries. YMPN members are largely employed, both in government and private sector jobs.
The YMPN was founded in 2000 during the administration of former Philippine president Joseph "Erap" Estrada. A group of young Moro professionals initially organized themselves as part of the popular protest at EDSA against the alleged corruptions of Erap. As a result of these protests, Erap was ousted from the presidency.
The founding Moros were further motivated by dismay with the Philippine government total war policy against the Moro communities in Mindanao, despite an outstanding peace agreement with the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and ongoing negotiation with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF). Many NGOs concerned with the cultivation of lasting peace and harmony in Mindanao perceived the unilateral declaration of war by the government of the Philippines (GRP) as a diversion from investigations and protests against the alleged corruptions and unfitness of president of the GRP. The war displaced hundreds of thousands of Moros and threatened to poison Muslim-Christian relations, like what happened in the early 1970s.
The success of EDSA II in ousting then President Erap motivated the YMPN founders to continue peacefully advocating and working for the socio-economic well-being of the Moro masses. The founders envisioned a network of young Muslim professionals that promote volunteerism; using their own resources, talents, education and training, and working collectively or individually to help other Muslims in unfortunate circumstances. This peaceful means is in stark contrast to the armed liberation struggle by MNLF and MILF against the GRP from the early 1970s to present.
Since its founding, the YMPN has been active in encouraging young Moros to adopt peaceful means to uplift themselves. The YMPN has stressed the practice of Islam as a peaceful and modest way of life. The core members have designed and implemented leadership training program, using an Islamic framework, aimed at the next generation of YMPN members. In most engagements, these core members are the lecturers and readily provide a role model to their audience for their advocacy for peaceful means. The YMPN has established a website at YMPN.org [http://www.ympn.org/] to reach a larger audience of both Muslims and non-Muslims. The YMPN has also been recognized for their contributions by other local and international NGOs, as well as senior statesmen of the GRP, like Senator Ramon Magsaysay.
On May 9, 2003, the YMPN was incorporated as a non-profit organization with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Philippines. It holds office at G-108 Jocfer Building, Commonwealth Avenue, Quezon City, Philippines. The YMPN membership continues to grow.

</doc>
<doc id="2886868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886868" title="Acacia grasbyi">
Acacia grasbyi

Acacia grasbyi, commonly known as miniritchie, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia, it occurs throughout the arid interior of Western Australia, with isolated populations in South Australia and the Northern Territory.
Miniritchie grows is a shrubby tree to a height of about four metres. It typically has several main stems. These are often twisted, and are always covered in distinctive minni ritchi bark, which peels in small curly flakes. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are rigid, round in cross-section with a diameter of about a millimetre, and up to nine centimetres long. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters about three centimetres long and five millimetres in diameter, on stalks about two centimetres long. The pods are brown, up to eleven centimetres long, with tight constrictions between the seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2886873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886873" title="Saltriosaurus">
Saltriosaurus

Saltriosaurus (Saltrio-lizard) is the informal name for a theropod dinosaur that lived during the Jurassic period. It was found in 1996, when Angelo Zanella discovered its remains in a quarry in Saltrio, in northern Italy. Very little is known about the dinosaur. The name "Saltriosaurus", given to it in 2000 by Cristiano Dal Sasso, is a "nomen nudum".
Saltriosaurus is thought to have resembled "Allosaurus", and is the oldest known three-fingered dinosaur. Like "Allosaurus", it appears to have been carnivorous and is estimated to have weighed about 500 kilograms (1,100 lb). It was 8 metres (26 ft) long and 4 metres (13 ft) tall, with a skull 70 cm (28 in) long. The single tooth that has been found was about 7 cm (2.8 in) long.
About ten percent of the skeleton has been discovered thus far: lateral tooth, dorsal rib fragments, scapular fragment, furcula, humeri, metacarpal II, phalanx II-1, phalanx III-1, phalanx III-2, manual ungual III, proximal fibula, distal tarsal III, distal tarsal IV.

</doc>
<doc id="2886882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886882" title="Lehigh Line (Conrail)">
Lehigh Line (Conrail)

The Conrail Lehigh Line is a railroad line in the state of New Jersey operated as part of the North Jersey Shared Assets Area. It runs from Newark to Manville along the former main line of the Lehigh Valley Railroad. At CP PORT READING in Manville, the ex-Reading Railroad Trenton Subdivision splits southward, and the Lehigh Valley-built tracks continues as the Norfolk Southern Lehigh Line. The line shares track with the Raritan Valley Line Between Newark and Aldene Junction, and then parallels it closely between Bridgewater and Bound Brook. The line is double-track and signaled through its entire length. 
It makes a roughly parallel—but sometimes diverging—route to the former Central Railroad of New Jersey's Raritan Valley Line, running to the south of that line.

</doc>
<doc id="2886883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886883" title="Quinto Sol">
Quinto Sol

Quinto Sol was the first fully independent publishing house to surface from the Chicano radicalism movement in the Sixties. Editorial Quinto Sol (Quinto Sol Publications) was founded in 1967 at UC Berkeley by Octavio I. Romano, a Professor of Behavioral Science and Public Health, in collaboration with Nick C. Vaca and Andres Ybarra. The name “Quinto Sol” is Spanish for "Fifth Sun" and it refers to the Aztec myth of creation and destruction. Since the beginning of the Chicano movement in the 1960’s, this concept has become a pathway to cultural expression. The Fifth Sun has constantly been integrated into the music, art and literature of the Chicano idea.
The goals of the publication house included "cultural unity and self-determination" and the publishing house, its authors, and the works they produced were centrally important in the Chicano Movement in the 1970s. Aiming to create an academic and literary outlet for Chicano voices, it originated from the movement’s need of an unbiased artistic venue for Mexican American authors. Literary nationalism was, after all, the driving cultural force behind “El Movimiento” (Chicano Movement) at the end of the 1960s
Publishing.
Beginning in 1967, Quinto Sol published the interdisciplinary "El Grito: A Journal of Contemporary Mexican-American Thought". This was the first national academic and literary journal ever published in the United States. The journal, whose name is Spanish for "the Shout," was "intended to raise awareness at what we could call a pan-Chicano/a nationalistic level". Considered an intellectual and independent critical space, it became a place where Chicano(a) scholars, authors and artists could work to debunk the “culture of poverty” and other negative stereotypes attributed to Mexican Americans by scientists, other literature works and the media. As the editorial developed, the journal was used to expand Chicano expression and self-definition.
The authors published in "El Grito" drew attention to the biases in academic realms regarding Mexican-Americans and attempted to rectify these blind spots. Quinto Sol released "Voices: Readings from El Grito: A Journal of Contemporary Mexican-American Thought", which was a compilation of the most important works published in the journal. A second expanded edition of "Voices" was published two years later. The texts became an important resource for those wanting to learn about the newly instituted discipline of Chicano Studies. "El Grito" also published advertisements geared towards high schools and other university departments to stress the importance of Quinto Sol materials in the classroom. Finally, in 1969, Quinto Sol released the first edition of "El espejo--The Mirror", the first anthology of Mexican-American literature.
The works published by Quinto Sol in the 1970s were often written in Spanish or engaged in code switching between English and Spanish. The Chicano Movement in general, and the works, drew heavily from Anglo-American culture, the experiences of Mexican-Americans, and Aztec mythology. The Quinto Sol publishing house played an essential role in establishing Chicano literature as a distinctive body of work and giving Chicano writers a sense of belonging in a literary community. Quinto Sol contributed to the careers of a number of writers whose work is now recognized as canonical Chicano literature.
Premio Quinto Sol.
The Premio Quinto Sol was created in 1970, publishing the work of Chicano and Chicana authors from 1971 to 1975. This was the first literary prize promoted nationally. Awarded to the best fictional work by Mexican American authors it was a means of recognizing and promoting Chicano writers. The award involved a cash prize of $1000 and publication of the winning manuscript. The first Premio Quinto Sol was awarded to Tomás Rivera, an Associate Professor of Spanish at Sam Houston University in Huntsville, Texas, in 1971 for "...Y No Se Lo Tragó La Tierra" (And the Earth Did Not Devour Him). It was published with Quinto Sol as a bilingual edition, the Spanish and English versions printed side to side in the first publications. After being awarded the prize, Rivera worked closely with the Quinto Sol editors throughout the early 1970s.
In 1972 Rudolfo Anaya won the second Premio Quinto Sol for the novel "Bless Me, Ultima". Rolando Hinojosa won the third award for "Estampas del Valle y Otras Obras" (Sketches of the Valley and Other Works) in 1973. The Premio Quinto Sol literary prize was first awarded to a woman, Estela Portillo Trambley in 1975 for her collection of short stories, "Rain of Scorpions".
Everlasting Effect of the Publishing House.
The texts distributed by the editorial from 1967 to 1974 have been determined as the most influential works of Chicano authors. The literary awards series, according to the editor’s note introducing "Bless Me, Ultima", provided a “publishing outlet through which the Chicano artist can express himself through exclusively Chicano means.” The authors whose work it published are now an essential part of the Chicano literary and cultural movement.
Through the journal "El Grito", the Premio Quinto Sol literary award, and its various other publications, Quinto Sol played a pivotal role in the process of institutionalizing Chicano culture as a legitimate field of inquiry and contributing to the formation of a Chicano(a) literary canon. It served as a self-sustained creative and intellectual space for the participants of “El Movimiento.” Simply put, it was a necessary institution for the development of Mexican American nationalism. With it, Chicano authors and their followers were able to forge an autonomous identity, finally making it possible to create a self-defined Chicano community.
After a seven-year run, and the fourth Premio Quinto Sol, the publishing house divided into two separate publishers: Editorial Justa and Tonatiuh International. The latter later became Tonatiuh-Quinto Sol (TQS) Publications.
Quinto Sol Remembered.
In 2012, a commemorative organization was founded at the University of California, Berkeley to pay tribute to the literary achievements of Quinto Sol called “Quinto Sol Remembered.” On April 6 and 7, 2012 a symposium featuring several Chicano(a) writers and academics took place to commemorate the Chicano publishing house. Important Chicano voices who participated include Alex Saragoza, Alurista, Edel Romay, Gustavo Segade, Hector Calderón, Juan Carrillo, Lorna Dee Cervantes, Lucha Corpi, Malaquías Montoya, Nick Vaca, Rosaura Sánchez, Rudy Anaya (by video), and Sergio Elizondo.

</doc>
<doc id="2886885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886885" title="Longbenton Community College">
Longbenton Community College

Longbenton Community College is a large secondary school in Benton, North Tyneside, England. Operating under the two-tier system in North Tyneside, the school takes students from age 11-18. It is a specialist Technology College, and has advanced ICT facilities and a City Learning Centre ("see below") with some facilities for non-LBCC students.
Longbenton Community College is part of the North-West Cluster, which also includes George Stephenson High School and Seaton Burn College.
History.
The school was originally built in, and opened officially for the new year in September 1953. It was originally named after Thomas Addison and the girls and boys were kept separate. What is now East was the girls' side, and what is now West was the boys' side. What is now the HMT block was the girls canteen. At some point, likely in the 1960s, the school was turned into a mixed college and became known as Longbenton High School.
Some time ago the school decided to reach out into the community and started adult teaching classes, often outside of school hours. It then became known as Longbenton Community High School. Eventually that became Longbenton Community College.
City Learning Centre.
As the school is a Technology College, it was decided to place a City Learning Centre here in 1998. The building lies between the West and East blocks, and was officially opened in 2003. The main room is "e-learning"; other rooms include "Discovery", a conference room, the "e-Media" computer lab, and the library. In 2013 the City Learning Centre was turned into the new VI form block.
E-learning.
E-learning is the main room in the CLC. It has over 50 computer terminals with software suitable for all levels of ICT knowledge, and often used by other schools from the area. The 4 plasma screens clearly present the work displayed on the main PC, as does the projector.
Library.
The library is the only room that can be used exclusively by Longbenton Community College students. It has computers and a wide range of reading material.

</doc>
<doc id="2886908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886908" title="PTV">
PTV

PTV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886912" title="Vision Montreal">
Vision Montreal

Vision Montreal () was a municipal political party in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was founded in 1994 and dissolved in April 2014. Between 2001 and 2013 it formed the official opposition on Montreal City Council.
Origins.
Vision Montreal was established in 1994 to promote the candidacy of the director of the Montreal Botanical Garden and then rising political star Pierre Bourque for Mayor of Montreal.
Accomplishments.
Bourque was elected Mayor against incumbent Jean Doré in 1994, with 39 of his candidates elected to Montreal City Council. In 1998, he and his team were re-elected for a second term.
The Bourque administration is credited with the following:
Shortcomings and criticism.
Pierre Bourque was criticized for his perceived lack of flexibility. During his first term, he suffered a mutiny within his party. Fifteen of his councillors left his administration to sit as Independents. By August 1997, only a minority of city council members (24 out of 51) were members of Vision Montreal.
Furthermore, the merger was met with so much resistance from residents and politicians of Montreal's predominantly English-speaking West Island that by 2005 fifteen municipalities had demerged from the city centre. After it had reached 1.8 million people, the population of Montreal was reduced to 1.6 million residents.
Bourque's strong emphasis on environmental issues was sometimes dismissed as trivial. He was soon known as "Géranium Ier (Geranium the First)" to the public. During a May 12, 2006 interview with then journalist Bernard Drainville though, Bourque claimed that he was not offended by the nickname, pointing at the fact that there is nothing shameful about "being a gardener."
Opposition.
In 2001, Vision Montreal was voted out of office. Although 64% of the residents of pre-merger Montreal voted for Bourque and his team, elsewhere, Vision Montreal met a very strong, well-disciplined and united opposition. Gérald Tremblay, who was backed by former members of the Montreal Citizens' Movement (RCM) as well as anti-merger activists, became mayor.
Bourque’s succession.
In 2003, Bourque temporarily left his job as Leader of the Opposition, while he tried to become an ADQ Member of the provincial legislature in the district of Bourget. He lost and decided to resume his career at the municipal level. Councillor Ivon Le Duc decided to sit as an Independent, but the majority of the Vision Montreal members wanted Bourque back.
Bourque stayed for three more years but quit city politics in May 2006. Following his resignation, François Purcell (Council member for the district of Saint-Édouard) was selected as the party’s acting leader. Noushig Eloyan (Council member for the district of Bordeaux-Cartierville) became the acting Leader of the Opposition.
A leadership convention was held in June 2006, in which Louise Harel was unanimously chosen as the party leader and candidate for mayor of Montreal for the 2009 municipal elections.
Support for Marcel Côté.
Louise Harel chose not to run again for the mayoralty in the November 2013 municipal election. Harel threw the support of Vision Montreal behind a new candidate, Marcel Côté. In September 2013, Côté announced that candidates would be running under the banner Coalition Montréal – Marcel Côté. Coalition Montréal won only six seats in the 2013 election and does not function as the official opposition.
Quebec Chief Electoral Officer Jacques Drouin announced on April 10, 2014 that he had withdrawn party authorization for Vision Montreal as requested by Louise Harel.
Mayoral candidates.
Victories are indicated with bold fonts.

</doc>
<doc id="2886916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886916" title="Royal Thai Air Base Nam Phong">
Royal Thai Air Base Nam Phong

The Royal Thai Air Base Nam Phong in Nam Phong district, Khon Kaen Province, Thailand in June 1972 became a base of operations for United States Marine Corps air operations by Marine Aircraft Group 15, 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Elements of squadrons that had previously been located in Da Nang, South Vietnam were moved to Namphong starting in June 1972. The advance party that first arrived landed to find basically an airfield in the middle of the jungle. At that time the base consisted of a runway, parking apron and a few wooden buildings. A United States Navy Seabee battalion (MCB 5)was soon clearing the jungle and some 10 man tents were hastily erected to sleep and work in. Since the conditions were rugged, the base soon came to be called "The Rose Garden" after the song by Miss Lynn Anderson and the Marine recruiting campaign based on it saying "We never promised you a Rose Garden", depicting a scary Marine Drill Instructor addressing a mortified recruit.
The squadrons soon in residence included H&MS-15, MABS-15, VMFA-115 and VMFA-232 with F-4 Phantom IIs, VMA(AW)-533 with A-6 Intruders, VMGR-152 with KC-130 Hercules, and H&MS-36, Det "D" with CH-46 Sea Knights.
This group soon was joined by 3rd Battalion 9th Marines who served as the security element. Marine Air Traffic Control Unit 62 (MATCU 62) handled the airport traffic control operations including the airport tower and GCA radar(Ground Controlled Approach). The force occupying "The Rose Garden" was designated Task Force Delta. The base was made up of Marines, Sailors (Medical and Construction staff), Air Force (mostly cargo handing), and Thai military elements. The base was in existence until September 1973 when all the units returned to their home bases.
During Operations the base was used to fly air operations against targets in Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos.
Nam Phong also received refugee flights evacuating Hmong from Long Tieng, Laos in May 1975.
Nam Phong is today a Royal Thai Air Force bombing range. However, the World Aeronautical database states that the runway is still in use. There is not a quoted ICAO location indicator allocated for this field.

</doc>
<doc id="2886917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886917" title="I, Zombie">
I, Zombie

I, Zombie: The Chronicles of Pain is a film which was released by Fangoria Films in 1998; it was written, directed, produced and scored by Andrew Parkinson. It tells the story of a young man who gets infected by being bitten by a zombie and gradually starts turning into one himself.
Plot.
The film opens in mockumentary style with a woman, Sarah, talking about her boyfriend Mark in the past tense.
Mark skips Sarah's event for his research field trip, and she is very displeased with his decision. Mark travels out to the woods to collect moss samples when he stumbles across a rusty decaying station wagon. Intrigued, he continues down the path and eventually finds an abandoned farmhouse. He enters the house, explores the rooms, and stumbles across an injured man propped up against a wall. When he hears a woman scream, he rushes to her aid and finds her having a seizure on a dirty mattress. He brushes her hair out of her face to comfort her and sees that she has the same sort of scars and deformities that the man had. He picks her up and carries her outside, and she bites his neck. He promptly drops her and runs away, eventually collapsing in a nearby field.
Back at home, Sarah calls an investigator to report Mark missing for three weeks. Mark wakes up, thinks to himself about how he doesn't know how long he's been unconscious, and admits to killing his first victim, a camper in the woods. He recalls how he had no control of the situation. He decides he has to hide and rents a new apartment. He looks at his bite wound in a mirror and notices it is beginning to look worse. He collapses, suffers a minor seizure, and reports it in his digital log, along with how he has not eaten in six days and has to find another victim.
As his condition worsens, he begins to accept and study it, keeping everything recorded in logbooks or his digital recorder. He still appears normal and continues to live and function in society, although his bite wound will not heal and the surrounding tissue is starting to decay. He picks up a hitchhiker, knocks him out with chloroform, and eats most of the man's chest. He then burns the man's body and possessions.
Meanwhile, Sarah begins seeing another man named David. Late one night after a date, someone rings her doorbell, but she sees no one. Mark attacks her with chloroform and brings her back inside her apartment to look at her one last time. Mark continues on his hunting spree as his appearance slowly becomes more ghastly and his behavior more erratic. He begins losing a lot of weight and becomes weaker. His leg breaks during the disposal of a victim's body, and he is forced to attach a metal rod to support his ankle. Mark also begins to lose his grip on reality and suffers from hallucinations. His decomposition becomes so severe that he can no longer bear to look at himself, so he overdoses with a bottle of chloroform.
Production.
The film took four years to make. It was shot and edited in 18 months, but it took another 18 months after director Andrew Parkinson realized that there were problems with the script's structure. The unplanned re-shoots caused strained relationships, but the film was completed. Post production took another six months. Parkinson likes the grain, texture, and colors of 16 mm film, and wanted to use that in his film. Broke at the time that he made "I, Zombie", Parkinson was unable to pay even traveling expenses. He did not use auditions, as he had either worked with the actors previously or had seen them in local theater. Giles Aspen performed his own stunts.
Release.
Fangoria Films released "I, Zombie" in 1998. It was released on VHS in 1999.
Jinga Films released "I, Zombie" on DVD in North American on 18 February 2014.
Reception.
Keith Phipps of The A.V. Club wrote that the film is too dull to appeal even to "Fangoria" subscribers. Glenn Kay called the film overly serious and predictable. Peter Dendle called it "more competent and compelling than most of its small-scale Yankee predecessors."
Marc Price, the director of "Colin", said that if he had known about the existence of "I, Zombie", he probably wouldn't have made his film.

</doc>
<doc id="2886936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886936" title="Texas State Highway Loop 323">
Texas State Highway Loop 323

Loop 323 is a state highway loop in Texas in the United States. It is a 19.7 mi (31.7 km) highway circling the city of Tyler in Smith County.
History.
In 1951, Farm to Market Road 1803 (FM 1803) was established as a 4.8 mi (7.7 km) bypass from US 271 northeast of Tyler, to SH 64 east of Tyler. In 1953, FM 845, was created as another bypass around the north side of Tyler, covering 7.3 mi (11.7 km) from SH 31 to US 271 and the northern end FM 1803. In October 1954, the route of FM 845 was extended (but apparently not constructed) approximately 8.0 mi (12.9 km) south and east around Tyler and then northward to intersect with the southern terminus of FM 1803. Just two months later, FM 845 was merged into FM 1803, so that the route, once completely constructed would have a single highway designation.
In 1957, with its southern portion now under construction, FM 1803 was re-designated as Loop 323. The southern portion was to be designated as Loop 323 upon completion, while the northern portion — the original segments of the old FM 845 and FM 1803 — were re-signed to coincide with the release of the 1958 official state highway map. (In the late 1950s, highway designation changes in Texas were often timed with the release of the official state highway map.)
As of 2006, there have been no further routing changes to Loop 323 since 1957.
Route description.
The northern terminus of Loop 323 is at US 271 and SH 155 northeast of Tyler. From there, Loop 323 travels south, intersecting its own "southern" terminus after 0.6 mi (1.0 km). Continuing south, it intersects SH 31, Loop 124 and SH 64 on the east side of Tyler; then, traveling southwest, it crosses SH 110. Shifting to a westward direction, it crosses US 69 and FM 2493 south of town, and SH 155 southwest of Tyler. Now heading north, it intersects with Spur 364 and crosses SH 31, SH 64, and SH 110 for the second time each, before turning northeast and intersecting US 69 again. Approaching northeastern Tyler, Loop 323 crosses US 271 0.7 mi (1.1 km) southwest of their previous intersection, and continues east another 0.5 mi (0.8 km) where it ends at its intersection with itself.

</doc>
<doc id="2886938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886938" title="Transitional Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo">
Transitional Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo

The Transitional Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo was tasked with moving from the state riven by the Second Congo War (1998-2003) to a government based upon a constitution agreed on by consensus. In 2001 President Laurent Kabila was assassinated and his son Joseph Kabila was named head of state. 
In October 2002, Joseph Kabila negotiated the withdrawal of Rwandan forces occupying eastern Congo. Two months later, the Pretoria Accord was signed by all remaining warring parties to end the fighting and establish a government of national unity. The transitional period came to end with the completion of the 2006 general election and the swearing in of Kabila as President on 6 December 2006.
A transitional government was set up in July 2003; Joseph Kabila remains as president and now has four vice presidents representing the former government, former rebel groups, and the political opposition.
On 30 June, a transitional government composed of the various groups of the Inter Congolese Dialogue was formed. Over the course of September, a reinforced MONUC presence carried out the "Bunia, weapon-free zone" operation to demilitarize the province. They were partially successful, though a low-grade conflict continues to permeate the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2886958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886958" title="Theodor Korselt">
Theodor Korselt

Ernst Julius Theodor Korselt (24 November 1891, Annaberg-Buchholz, Kingdom of Saxony – 25 August 1943) was a German jurist, genealogist, and "homeland researcher" ("Heimatforscher"). The government councillor was sentenced to death for negatively influencing Germany's fighting forces – an offence called "Wehrkraftzersetzung" in German – after he publicly uttered his opinion that Hitler's resignation was the only way to avoid defeat.
Life.
Korselt came from a long-established family from Mittelherwigsdorf. His father, Prof. Dr. Ernst Julius Korselt, was the headteacher at the "Realgymnasium" in Zittau. His mother Elisabeth, née Koch, was Theodor Koch's daughter. He himself was a jurist, a member of the "Landtag", the mayor and a freeman of Buchholz, Kingdom of Saxony.
Theodor Korselt was the eldest of four siblings and his parents' only son. He grew up in Buchholz and went to the "Realgymnasium" in the neighbourhood of Annaberg, where his father had been teaching since 1886. After finishing school, he studied law and economics at the universities of Leipzig and Geneva. After his father's appointment as headteacher at the "Realgymnasium" in Zittau, his parents and sisters moved back to his father's hometown in 1911.
After graduating with a doctorate, he had himself trained as an infantryman in Zittau, and fought as a volunteer in the First World War on the Western Front, where he was gravely wounded. Later, Korselt was employed in the administrative service. After the War, the jurist worked as an official of the higher state service in various government offices in Berlin, Leipzig, Chemnitz, Dresden, Freiberg and Rostock, where he was a government councillor in the war damage office.
Besides his professional activities, Korselt had fostered since his time in university an interest in his family's and his homeland's history, and he published many written works.
After the Nazis seized power in 1933, it became apparent to Korselt that to further his career, he would need to join the NSDAP. In his 1934 application to join the Party, Korselt wrote that he would undertake "to further represent his conservative, aristocratic view of the state and the furthering of individualism." His application to join the Party was turned down.
After Germany occupied France came Korselt's deployment in the war administration service, from which he was soon recalled after allegations of fraternizing with the local people.
The "Crime".
After Benito Mussolini was deposed on 25 July 1943, Korselt openly said that "The German people's and the fatherland's salvation from the present difficult situation lies only in a similar reversal to the one in Italy...". This did not sit well with Rostock's mayor, Walter Volgmann, who had reached his position by being, as Korselt put it, a "pure" Party man. The mayor declared that Korselt belonged in a concentration camp.
Arrest, trial, and death.
The month had not even ended when Korselt was arrested by the Gestapo. On 18 August, he was transferred from the court prison in Rostock to the detention centre in Berlin-Moabit. On 23 August, Korselt's case was heard by the First Senate of the "Volksgerichtshof", presided over by the president Roland Freisler and judges Storbeck, Canabis, Aumüller and Bodinus as well as the accuser Dr. Schultze. Korselt was found guilty of "Wehrkraftzersetzung" for uttering his remark on a tram in Rostock as to how Hitler needed to step down owing to the unlikelihood of Germany's winning the war with him in charge. The sentence was the loss of his civil rights, and death. On 25 August at 19:15, the sentence was carried out at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.
After the Second World War, in August 1946, Georgstraße in Zittau was given the new name "Theodor-Korselt-Straße". Another street in Annaberg-Buchholz also bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="2886964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886964" title="USS Dutton (AGS-8)">
USS Dutton (AGS-8)

USS "Dutton" (AGSC-8/AGS-8), originally PCS-1396, was a built for the United States Navy during World War II that was later converted into a survey ship. She was the first US Navy ship to named in honor of Benjamin Dutton, Jr.
"PCS-1396" was launched 7 August 1943 by South Coast Co., Newport Beach, California; sponsored by Miss Cynthia A. Gaffney; and commissioned 29 March 1944, Lieutenant F. E. Sturmer, USNR, in command. She was reclassified AGS-8, 20 March 1945, and assigned the name "Dutton" 4 days later. She was redesignated AGSC-8 on 29 July 1946.
"PCS-1396" sailed from San Pedro, California, 4 May 1944, and arrived off newly assaulted Saipan 17 June to screen the transport areas and give escort service in the Marianas operations. On 29 August she rescued four Marines from the waters off Tinian. She returned to base at Pearl Harbor 15 October for overhaul.
She got underway 22 January 1945 to escort an LST group on its slow trip across the Pacific for the landings on Iwo Jima 19 February. She continued her service in this operation with surveying and patrol duty. On 1 April she took part in the invasion of Okinawa. Remaining off the bitterly contested island, by day she conducted surveys to determine suitable landing beaches for amphibious craft; by night she guarded against suicide boats and swimmers. On 27 May a Japanese plane crashed the ship, carrying away part of the bridge, blowing one of her crew overboard, and holing her, fortunately above the water line. She underwent temporary repairs at Kerama Retto, then sailed to San Pedro Bay, Leyte, for permanent repairs.
"Dutton" served in the Far East until returning to San Diego 20 January 1946. In the summer of that year she took part in Operation Crossroads, the atomic weapons tests at Bikini. Between 3 February and 13 September 1947 "Dutton" conducted surveys of the waters surrounding Truk. She sailed for the east coast 11 July 1948, and after preparation at Naval Station Norfolk, joined Hydrographic Survey Group I which put out from New York City 9 September for the Persian Gulf. "Dutton" surveyed uncharted or poorly known waters off Kuwait and Bahrain until her return to Norfolk 2 June 1949. She was decommissioned at New York 26 August 1949, and sold 21 February 1950.
"Dutton" received three battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2886966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886966" title="Texas State Highway Loop 124">
Texas State Highway Loop 124

Loop 124 is a loop route in the city of Tyler in the U.S. state of Texas. Loop 124 follows the original alignment of State Highway 64 (SH 64) through Tyler. Loop 124 is located entirely in Tyler city limits and follows Old Henderson Highway from SH 31 southeastward to SH 64.
History.
Loop 124 was designated in 1941 along the former alignment of SH 64 through Tyler. It was originally designated from the intersection of SH 64 (Dallas Highway) and US 69 (Glenwood Boulevard) east along Erwin Street. It followed Erwin Street until the intersection with Old Henderson Highway which Loop 124 would follow to its current eastern terminus at SH 64. In 1962, the portion west of SH 31 was removed and turned over to the city of Tyler for maintenance.
Route description.
Loop 124 begins at SH 31 (Front Street) on the east side of Tyler. It follows Old Henderson Highway to the southeast to an intersection with Loop 323. The loop continues to the southeast following this intersection to where it ends at SH 64 in Tyler. Old Henderson Highway continues beyond both ends of the highway without the Loop 124 designation.

</doc>
<doc id="2886984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886984" title="Zoltán Ambrus">
Zoltán Ambrus

Zoltán Ambrus (22 February 1861, Debrecen – 28 February 1932, Budapest) was a Hungarian writer and translator. He completed gymnasium (high school) in Debrecen and Budapest and then studied law in Budapest. At the age of 18, his father died leaving him responsible for his family. He tutored and wrote theater criticism and articles for such publications as "Pesti Napló", "Fővárosi Lapok", and "Budapesti Szemle". In 1885, he moved to Paris where he studied literature at the Collège de France and the Sorbonne. He became a contributor to A Hét upon his return to Pest and wrote a substantial quantity of short stories. In 1900, he became editor of Új Magyar Szemle, and wrote some pieces for "Nyugat", as well as serving as director of the National Theater (between 1917 and 1922).
Work.
He wrote about the urban setting of Hungary in his work. His novel "Midás király" (1906) is a key psychological work. He translated a substantial amount of French literature including Flaubert, Cherbuliez, Maupassant, Anatole France, and Balzac.

</doc>
<doc id="2886989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886989" title="Flag of Calgary">
Flag of Calgary

The official flag of Calgary was designed by Gwin Clarke and Yvonne Fritz. The flag was adopted in 1983 as result of a contest.
The design contains a cowboy hat and the letter "C" on a red background. The hat is somewhat shaped like a hand, as a sign of hospitality.
A white hat tucked in the letter "C" symbolises the citizens living inside their city.
The City wide contest to select the flag was organized by the North Calgary JC's (Junior Chamber of Commerce) 
and chaired by Bruce Lee. Over 1,000 submissions were received and after three sessions, narrowed down to 3 choices, which was then turned over to the City.

</doc>
<doc id="2886993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886993" title="Tonic vibration reflex">
Tonic vibration reflex

Tonic vibration reflex is a sustained contraction of a muscle subjected to vibration. This reflex is caused by vibratory activation of muscle spindles — muscle receptors sensitive to stretch.
Tonic vibration reflex is evoked by placing a vibrator — which in this case is typically an electrical motor with an eccentric load on its shaft — on a muscle's tendon. 30–100 Hz vibration activates receptors of the skin, tendons and, most importantly, muscle spindles. Muscle spindle discharges are sent to the spinal cord through afferent nerve fibers, where they activate monosynaptic and polysynaptic reflex arcs, causing the muscle to contract.
The effects of sustained vibratory stimulation on muscle contraction, posture and kinesthetic perceptions are much more complex than merely contraction of the muscle being vibrated.
Russian scientists Victor Gurfinkel, Mikhail Lebedev, Andrew Polyakov and Yuri Levick used vibratory stimulation to study human posture control and spectral characteristics of electromyographic (EMG) activity.

</doc>
<doc id="2886994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886994" title="Mascot (disambiguation)">
Mascot (disambiguation)

Mascot is a term for any person, animal, or object thought to bring luck.

</doc>
<doc id="2886998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886998" title="1988 Notre Dame vs. Miami football game">
1988 Notre Dame vs. Miami football game

The 1988 Notre Dame vs. Miami football game, colloquially known as "Catholics vs. Convicts", was played on October 15, 1988. The two teams were undefeated when they met at Notre Dame Stadium. Notre Dame won the closely contested game 31–30.
The name "Catholics vs. Convicts" was seized on by the press after some Notre Dame students created and sold t-shirts carrying the slogan prior to the legendary matchup between the two teams at Notre Dame Stadium.
The game.
The two teams met on October 15, 1988 in South Bend, Indiana, with both teams being undefeated. Miami, the defending national champion, came in ranked #1 holding a 36-game regular season winning streak while the Irish were ranked #4. The game, which was preceded by a pregame fight between the two teams in the entrance tunnel, was named by USA Today as one of the greatest college football games of the period 1982–2002.
After a closely contested game, Miami scored a touchdown with 45 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter to pull within one point of Notre Dame, 31–30. Rather than kick the extra point and likely end the game in a tie, Miami head coach Jimmy Johnson decided to go for the two-point conversion, later reasoning that "We always play to win." However, Steve Walsh's pass on the play was knocked down by Pat Terrell, and Notre Dame snapped Miami's winning streak and won 31–30. 
Notre Dame would finish the season 12–0, beating #2 USC 27–10 on November 26 in the last game of the season and #3 West Virginia in the 1989 Fiesta Bowl 34–21 on January 2, 1989 to win the national title. Miami would win the rest of its games and finish #2 behind Notre Dame in the polls. 
Miami fans still question the accuracy of a Cleveland Gary fumble on the 1-yard line, which they allege was an incorrect call. With Miami trailing 31–24 and facing a critical fourth-and-7 from deep in Irish territory midway through the fourth quarter, Walsh connected with Miami running back Cleveland Gary streaking across the middle of the field at the Irish 11-yard line for an apparent first down. He caught, turned, was hit and dropped the football. Notre Dame inside linebacker Michael Stonebreaker recovered the football. The referees appeared to improperly rule the play as a turnover on downs, thinking it was fourth-and-goal rather than fourth-and-seven. In addition, many thought Gary had broken the goal line for a touchdown before losing possession of the ball. After the game, Johnson was adamant that Gary was down before the ball came loose and Miami should have retained possession with a first-and-goal at the Notre Dame 1 yard line. As the game was broadcast, Pat Haden and Brent Musburger seemed certain that the call was correct based on the replays. In its recap of the game, the Notre Dame student newspaper, "The Observer", also agreed Gary appeared down before the fumble. Regardless, Notre Dame's quarterback fumbled three plays later giving Miami the ball on ND's twenty-one yard line from which they scored the game's final touchdown four plays later. On the other hand, Notre Dame fans believe that a Miami touchdown late in the first half never should have occurred. Miami tight end Rob Chudzinski appeared to catch a pass and take two steps before Notre Dame players jarred the ball loose and recovered the apparent fumble. The play, however, was ruled an incomplete pass, and Miami scored a touchdown two plays later.
In a 2005 poll conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the 31–30 win over Miami was voted the Greatest Victory in Fighting Irish history by a landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="2886999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886999" title="Strong Tower">
Strong Tower

Strong Tower is a worship album released by the Christian rock group, Kutless, and it is also their third studio album. An enhanced deluxe edition of this album was released on March 20, 2007 with additional tracks and the "Strong Tower" live music video. The title track of this record, "Strong Tower", was once in the Top 5 on ChristianRock.net. The album peaked at No. 87 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 4 on the "Billboard" Christian Albums. Five years later, in 2010, the album reached the "Billboard" Catalog Albums chart peaking at No. 39. The album was certified Gold by RIAA in 2009 and is Kutless' best selling album to date.
In media.
The title track, "Strong Tower", is used as a walk-up song by an outfielder David Murphy for the Texas Rangers and an outfielder Matt Murton for Japan's Hanshin Tigers. The song also made it to Rock Band, as a DLC on January 2011. It is only available for XBox 360.
Awards and certifications.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Praise & Worship Album of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards. The title song was also nominated for Worship Song of the Year.
Music video.
A video was released for "Strong Tower." It consists of the band playing at night outside of a courthouse building.

</doc>
<doc id="2887013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887013" title="Altranstädt">
Altranstädt

Altranstädt is a village in Saxony, Germany, now part of the Markranstädt district of Leipzig. The village is historically famous for two treaties that were concluded there, the Treaty of Altranstädt (1706) and the Treaty of Altranstädt (1707). 
The 1706 treaty was a peace which Augustus II, king of Poland and elector of Saxony, was forced to ratify on 24 September 1706, with Charles XII of Sweden. The former renounced the throne of Poland in favor of Stanislaus Leszczynski's treaty which Augustus declared null and void after Charles XII's defeat at Poltava (8 July 1709). The other treaty was signed on 31 August 1707. Emperor Joseph I guaranteed to Charles XII religious tolerance and liberty of conscience for the Silesian Protestants.
Charles was visited in Altranstädt by John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough on behalf of the Grand Alliance against France. During 1707-8 he presuaded Charles not to support France but to leave Germany, never to return.

</doc>
<doc id="2887016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887016" title="Frontal suture">
Frontal suture

The frontal suture is a dense connective tissue structure that divides the two halves of the frontal bone of the skull in infants and children. It usually disappears by the age of six, with the two halves of the frontal bone being fused together. It is also called the metopic suture, although this term may also refer specifically to a "persistent frontal suture" (further detailed in section below).
If the suture is not present at birth because both frontal bones have fused (craniosynostosis), it will cause a keel-shaped deformity of the skull called "trigonocephaly." 
It is present in a fetal skull so that the skull can bend and is very elastic at the time of birth. The baby's head bends when coming out of the mother's womb. The space is filled as the child grows older.
Persistent frontal suture.
In some individuals the suture can persist (totally or partly) into adulthood, and in these cases it is referred to as a persistent metopic suture. The suture can either bisect the frontal bone and run from nasion to bregma or persist as a partial metopic suture (see image of frontal bone) (where part of the suture survives and is connected to either bregma or nasion) or as an isolated metopic fissure. Persistent frontal sutures are of no clinical significance, although they can be mistaken for cranial fractures. As persistent frontal sutures are visible in radiographs, they can be useful for the forensic identification of human skeletal remains. Persistent frontal sutures should not be confused with supranasal sutures (a small zig-zag shaped suture located at and/or immediately superior to the glabella).

</doc>
<doc id="2887020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887020" title="York Mills Collegiate Institute">
York Mills Collegiate Institute

York Mills Collegiate Institute is a Toronto high school, offering grades 10–12, located in North York along York Mills Road between Leslie Street and Bayview Avenue. The school emphasizes university preparation. English and French Immersion courses are provided between grade 10 to 12. Windfields Junior High, St. Andrews Junior High and Don Valley Junior High are the 3 feeder middle schools that make up the majority of York Mills' population. 
Extracurricular Activities at York Mills.
School Show.
The School Show is now an every other year event at York Mills and is usually performed in the first week of December, while the production and planning start near the end of the previous school year.
The show is a collaborative staff and student effort with approximately 10 percent of the student population assisting somehow in the production.
Clubs.
York Mills Collegiate is home to a variety of clubs, which include academic clubs (i.e. Math Club, Physics Club, Chemistry Club, etc.), school spirit clubs (i.e. student council, athletic council, Spectrum-Yearbook,WÖRD- School Newspaper Committee, etc.), social concern clubs (i.e. International Issues, Ambassadors' Club, Greenpaws, etc.), cultural clubs (i.e. Korean club, Persian club, Jewish club, etc.), and general interest clubs (i.e. Model United Nation/Politics Club, Ping Pong Club, Anime Club, etc.).
Sports.
York Mills offers a wide variety of extracurricular sports including:

</doc>
<doc id="2887030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887030" title="Friedrich August Freiherr von der Heydte">
Friedrich August Freiherr von der Heydte

Dr. jur. Dr. rer. pol. Friedrich August Freiherr von der Heydte (30 March 1907 – 7 July 1994) was a German Luftwaffe officer who served with the Fallschirmjäger during World War II, reaching the rank of Oberstleutnant. After the war, he served in the Bundeswehr, reaching the rank of "Brigadegeneral der Reserve".
Early life.
Von der Heydte was born to a noble family in Munich, Bavaria. His father, a Freiherr (roughly equivalent to a baron) had enjoyed a successful career with the Royal Bavarian Army, serving with distinction during World War I. His mother immigrated from France. The Von der Heydtes were stout Roman Catholics, and Friedrich attended a Munich Catholic school, achieving excellent grades. He was also a cousin of Claus von Stauffenberg.
After completion of his schooling, Friedrich followed his father's path and joined the Reichswehr. After an unsuccessful application to join the cavalry, Friedrich was posted to "Infanterie-Regiment Nr.19" on 1 April 1925. He did not give up on his goal of joining the cavalry, and soon secured a posting as an officer cadet in "Kavallerie-Regiment Nr.18".
In 1927, Von der Heydte was released from military service to attend Innsbruck University, studying Law and Economics. During this time, he became a private tutor to pay his university fees, as despite their noble status, his family was in dire financial troubles. He received a degree in Economics at Innsbruck University. In 1927, Von der Heydte was awarded his degree in law at Graz University, and traveled to Berlin to continue his studies. Late in the year, he secured a posting to a diplomatic school in Vienna. During his college years, the young Von der Heydte developed decidedly liberal views. This however did not hinder him from joining NSDAP May 1st 1933, obtaining membership number 2.134.193. He also entered the SA the same year.
By 1934, Von der Heydte obtained Austrian citizenship while also maintaining German/Bavarian citizenship. During this period he received a stipend from the Carnegie Institute for Peace. In early 1935 he re-joined the Reichswehr, and was transferred to "Kavallerie-Regiment Nr.15" in Paderborn and promoted to Lieutenant within the Wehrmacht. He again secured his temporary release from the military for study, and traveled to the Netherlands where he furthered his education at The Hague.
Late in 1935, Von der Heydte's company of the regiment was transformed from a cavalry unit to an anti-tank company belonging to Panzerabwehr-Abteilung 6 in Herford. After studying for over two years in The Hague, he returned to the military, where he attended a General Staff Officer's course over the winter of 1938-39. In August 1939, he was recalled to his company in preparation for the planned Invasion of Poland, Fall Weiß.
War career.
France.
During the spring offensive against France in 1940, von der Heydte served as an aide-de-camp (Ordonnanzoffizier) in the divisional HQ of the 246th Infantry Division. In mid May 1940, he was promoted Captain and at the same time transferred to Luftwaffe and its parachute arm. Here he joined the 3rd Fallschirmjäger Regiment as one of its company commanders.
Crete.
Von der Heydte commanded the 1st battalion of the 3rd Fallschirmjäger Regiment during the Battle of Crete in May 1941. His battalion was the first to enter Canea, for which he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
North Africa.
In July 1942 Von der Heydte, now promoted Major, was sent from his posting in Russia to Libya as commander of the elite Fallschirm-Lehrbataillon. This battalion was an integral part of Fallschirmjäger-Brigade Ramcke, that became famous for its daring escape from the German disaster at El Alamein in captured British trucks. In his memoirs he stated that he watched an Italian tank division be destroyed while the Germans withdrew after the Second Battle of El Alamein. Von der Heydte kept his position as an officer in the "Ramcke" Brigade in North Africa until February 1943 when he and several other Fallschirmjäger-officers were transferred to France to form the nucleus of the newly raised 2. Fallschirmjäger Division under command of Major-general H.B. Ramcke. Here, he was posted as "1a" (senior operations officer) in the divisional HQ.
Italy.
After the fall of Sicily during the summer of 1943, the Germans grew more and more suspicious of an Italian defection to the Allies. To counter this event the 2. Fallschirmjäger Division was August 6th transferred from France to Rome. Here, von der Heydte gained audience with Pope Pius XII. As a devout Catholic, von der Heydte had visited Rome before the war. Here he had also befriended the Pope's "Throne Assistant", the Theologian Alois Hudal, who would later become a key person in helping Nazi war criminals evade the courts of justice during the post-war war-crime trials.
September 8th 1943 the Kingdom of Italy decided to break its alliance with Nazi-Germany and join the Allies. This caused the Germans to rapidly execute "Fall Achse" with the purpose of disarming and disbanding all units of the Royal Italian Army, Navy and Air force. The 2. Fallschirmjäger Division was given orders to capture all key positions in Rome. By September 11th the whole of Rome was under German control. The day after, Von der Heydte was sent on a mission that required him to use an aircraft. Unfortunately the aircraft crashed on the island of Elba and Von der Heydte suffered some severe injuries.
France and Normandy.
After his recovery, Von der Heydte was January 15th 1944 given command of the newly formed 6th Fallschirmjäger Regiment of the 2. Fallschirmjäger Division. The unit was formed from veteran paratroopers and Luftwaffe ground personnel in early 1944 at Köln-Wahn. The Regiment had an average age of 17½, with a combined strength of 3457 men as of May 19, and around 4500 men by June 6, 1944.
By the time of Operation Overlord, the 6th Fallschirmjäger Regiment had been detached as a third regiment to the newly reformed 91. Luftlande Infanterie Division and deployed in the Carentan area of the Cotentin Peninsula. 
The dispositions of its three battalions on June 6th, 1944 were as follows: 1st battalion advancing towards Sainte-Marie-du-Mont to relieve the strongpoint W5 and reinforce the defense of Utah Beach; 2nd battalion advancing towards Sainte-Mère-Église and attempt to make contact with 795 Ost battalion (Georgian); 3rd battalion remaining southwest of Carentan to provide flank security.
On D-Day, about 500 US paratroopers dropped southwest of Carentan. Skirmishing between airborne troops of both sides went on throughout the night. The 1st battalion managed to reach Sainte-Marie-du-Mont, only 6 kilometers from strongpoint W5; but finding the town held by the elements of 101st Airborne, the battalion dug in among the hedgerows outside the town. On June 7, after fighting a combined assault of US paratroopers and tanks most of the day, the battalion was destroyed in a fighting withdrawal towards Carentan. About 300 men surrendered. Only 25 reached Carentan. The 2nd battalion found Sainte-Mère-Église held by the 507th Infantry Regiment (United States), fought until its ammunition ran low and withdrew towards St. Come-du-Mont. From the town's church tower (and artillery observation post) Von der Heydte saw the vast Allied invasion armada 11 kilometers away. After heavy fighting on June 7, the 2nd and 3rd battalions were withdrawn into Carentan.
Von der Heydte was ordered by Field Marshal Erwin Rommel to defend Carentan to the last man, since it was the critical junction between Utah Beach and Omaha Beach
Starting around the night of June 10, US troops entered the outskirts of Carentan, and by morning of June 11 fierce fighting went from house to house. To illustrate the intensity: a US battalion (3rd of 502nd PIR) had 700 men entering Carentan and after two days' fighting only 132 men were left. By dusk on June 11, Von der Heydte withdrew what remained of his men out of Carentan to avoid encirclement. The commander of the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division was furious and wanted to arrest Von der Heydte, only intervention from Von der Heydte's higher ranking brethren saved the situation.
A counter-attack on June 12 failed to retake the town. For their battle at Carentan, the German paratroopers earned the nickname "Lions of Carentan" from the US paratroopers. Von der Heydte's regiment was subsequently involved in the intense hedgerow fighting (also known as the battle of the Bocage) defending every inch of ground that was characteristic of the Normandy campaign.
On July 22, Von der Heydte's 6th Fallschirmjäger Regiment was mentioned in a Wehrmacht communique when 32 of his men made a daring raid at St. Germain-sur-Seves on an entire American battalion (the 1st battalion of 358th Regiment, US 90th Infantry Division), capturing 265 men, including 11 officers. St. Germain-sur-Seves is located between Carentan and Perier. "Oberfeldwebel" Alexander Uhlig leading the raid was awarded the Knight's Cross.
On August 6, Von der Heydte's regiment participated in Operation Lüttich, the disastrous Mortain counterattack attempting to cut off the Allies' advance at the Avranches bridgehead. The German Seventh Army was subsequently encircled at Falaise Pocket, the final and epic battle of the Normandy campaign.
In September 1944 his regiment was involved in defending the German lines in North Brabant (The Netherlands) against the Allied Forces attacking in the Operation Market Garden.
Operation Stößer.
On December 16, 1944, during the Ardennes Offensive Von der Heydte led his unit of 1200 men, Kampfgruppe Von der Heydte in the last large-scale German airborne drop of the war, Operation Stößer. The unit was tasked with dropping at night onto a strategic road junction 11 kilometers north of Malmédy and to hold it for approximately twenty-four hours until relieved by the 12th SS Panzer Division, with the aim of hampering the flow of Allied reinforcements and supplies.
However, due to a combination of factors, including lack of reconnaissance of the drop zone and the Luftwaffe pilots' lack of training in dropping paratroopers at night, the Fallschirmjäger were widely dispersed - some landing behind the German frontlines. Initially, only 125 men made it to the correct landing zone, with no heavy weapons. Eventually, 300 men were gathered from the surrounding woods, but without sufficient forces, the task of capturing the crossroads to delay the American re-enforcements was abandoned. In any case, the 12th SS Panzer Division was unable to defeat the Americans at Elsenborn Ridge, and so failed to relieve the Fallschirmjäger.
However, because of the dispersal of the drop, Fallschirmjäger were reported all over the Ardennes, and the Allies believed a division-sized jump had taken place. This caused much confusion and convinced them to allocate men to secure the rear instead of facing the main German thrust at the front.
Cut off, without supplies and hunted by forces including a regiment of the U.S. 1st Infantry Division and a combat command of the U.S. 3rd Armored Division, Von der Heydte ordered his men to break through Allied lines and reach the German front.
Von der Heydte arrived in Monschau on the evening of December 21st, with a broken arm. On December 23, he had a school teacher's son send a surrender note to the Allies. He was held as a prisoner of war in England until July 12, 1947.
Operation Walküre.
Von der Heydte was a cousin of Colonel Claus Schenk Count von Stauffenberg, who tried to kill Hitler with a bomb July 20th 1944, and he was loosely connected to the ring of officers who tried to organize the resistance against Hitler.
Post-war career.
After his release as a POW, Von der Heydte returned to his academic career. From 1947 to 1950, Von der Heydte developed his inaugural dissertation, entitled "Die Geburtsstunde des souveränen Staates" (The birth of the Sovereign State.") His work began to critically examine the ratified constitution. He became in 1951 professor of constitutional and international law at the University of Mainz. He was also a judge at the Administrative Court of Rhineland-Palatinate. From 1953 to 1954 he was a visiting professor at the University of Saarland. From 1954 he served as Professor of International Law, General Administrative Law, German and Bavarian State Law and Political Science at the University of Würzburg. He also headed the Institute for Military Law at University of Würzburg. From 1956 to 1971 he was an associate and a later regular member of the Institut de Droit International. He also served from 1961 to 1965 as a member of the board of the German Society for International Law.
Parallel to his academic career, Von der Heydte also continued with a post-war military career with the Bundeswehr at the rank of Colonel. In 1962, he was promoted to Brigadier General in the Reserves of the Bundeswehr, one of only two to receive that rank.
Post-war religious and political commitments.
In 1947 Von der Heydte joined the Christian Social Union (CSU), where he was chairman of the Christian Democratic Higher Education Association. Between November 20th 1966 and November 22nd 1970 he was one of 20 CSU Members of the constituency for Lower Franconia at the Bavarian Parliament. He was also a member of the Committee on Cultural Policy issues and in 1967, he joined the Bavarian State Office for Political Education and the State Compensation Office.
As a lawyer he was a supporter of the theological ideas of natural law and as a conservative Christian he supported the Catholic church' principles of justice. He was involved in the Catholic Academic Association from 1948 to 1958 and was a member of the Central Committee of German Catholics. He was succeed Franz Prince of Salm-Dyck Reifferscheidt as governor of the German Lieutenancy of the Equestrian Order of the Holy grave in Jerusalem between 1958 and 1965.
Von der Heydte was a member and later board member of conservative-clerical Western Academy. The organization urged Christian values, Western civilization unity and federalism.
The Flick Affair.
In 1958 Von der Heydte Heydte became one of the central figures in the Flick Affair. This was serious party-funding scandal where Von der Heydte allegedly had, as the director for many years of the Würzburg Institute of Political Science and Policy Association, helped with laundering money for political donations to the CDU / CSU and FDP. He had to appear before the Federal Constitutional Court on the issue of party funding through tax-deferred contributions.
The "Spiegel" Affair.
Both as head of the Institute for Military Law at University of Würzburg and as a Colonel in the Reserve, von der Heydte challenged in 1962 the weekly magazine "Der Spiegel" when it wrote an article about the scandalous state of affairs within the Bundeswehr. He accused the editors of high treason because they had revealed the military weaknesses of the newly formed Bundeswehr to the public (and thereby to the Soviets). Because of this accusation and von der Heydte's position as an expert in Military Law, the issue was brought to a federal court, triggering what was to be known as the "Spiegel"-Affäre with numerous arrests of journalists and others connected to that publication. 
The police raid on "Der Spiegel" was forcefully led by Theo Saevecke, the Kriminalrat at Sicherungsgruppe Bonn. It soon emerged that Saevecke was a not only a former SS-Hauptsturmführer with the SS-Sicherheitsdienst in Libya and Tunisia 1942-43 but also a member of SS-Einsatzgruppe IV in Poland 1939-40 and the head of the Gestapo and the Italian fascist police in Milano between 1943–45 and as such a potential war criminal. Von der Heydte's and Saevecke's conduct in the "Spiegel"-Affäre caused a public outcry followed by demonstrations and public debates. The "Spiegel" Affair can be said to be the first sign of a change in the popular beliefs in West Germany - and the progenitor of all the protest later in that decade against all former Nazi German officials still in office. Von der Heydte was heavily criticised for his actions by several prominent West-German politicians and in 1965 a court cleared the editors of "Der Spiegel" on all charges.
Friedrich August Freiherr von der Heydte died in Aham, Landshut, in 1994 after a long illness.
Quote.
Regarding the Theresienstadt concentration camp in Czechoslovakia, Von der Heydte said, "Half a million people have been put to death there for certain. I know that all the Jews from Bavaria were taken there. Yet the camp never became over-crowded. They gassed mental defectives, too."[http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/femail/article.html?in_article_id=469883&in_page_id=1879]
"What would you do in my place?"
---on June 10th, 1944, replying to a request of surrender by American paratroopers
[http://www.militaryphotos.net/forums/archive/index.php/t-9332.html]
"The battle for Crete was to prove the overture to the great tragedy which reached its climax at El Alamein and Stalingrad. For the first time there had stood against us a brave and relentless opponent on a battleground which favoured him." [http://ww2today.com/28th-may-1941-the-germans-count-the-cost-of-crete]

</doc>
<doc id="2887033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887033" title="California State Route 43">
California State Route 43

State Route 43 is a north–south state highway in the U.S. State of California, routed along the southern San Joaquin Valley connecting the towns of Shafter, Wasco, Hanford, and Selma, running roughly parallel to SR 99. Caltrans has plans to widen SR 43 between the Kings County/Fresno County line and SR 99, but due to the California budget crisis, plans have been put on hold.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
The route begins southwest of Bakersfield at the intersection of SR 119 and Enos Lane. It travels north on Enos Lane through rural farmland and quickly crosses I-5. It continues north until reaching SR 58. From there it angles northwest, running parallel to the BNSF railroad tracks. At this point the name changes to Central Valley Highway. It continues travelling northwest through Shafter. North of Shafter the road expands to four lanes until reaching Wasco. The route briefly travels east on SR 46 before continuing north on SR 43, which returns to two lanes. At Pond St, the route turns northwest. It continues on that route through Corcoran. North of Corcoran, the route turns north. It continues north through Hanford, before ending at SR 99 in Selma.
History.
State Route 43 is the combination of two different legislative routes. The northern segment was adopted as a state route in 1933 as Legislative Route 135. It was defined to run from LRN 10 (currently SR 198) near Hanford to LRN 129 (currently SR 65) near Ducor via Corcoran and Earilmart. Originally, the route started in Ducor and traveled west on Ave. 65. It went through Earilmart to Central Valley Highway, where it joins the current route. In 1951, the route and terminus was changed from Ducor to the junction of LRN 33 (currently SR 46) and LRN 139 (current routing of SR 43) in Wasco, eliminating the route along Ave. 56. In 1959, a second disconnected segment was added that ran from the Kings County Line to LRN 4 (currently SR 99) near Selma. The southern segment was adopted as a state route in 1933 as Legislative Route 139. It was defined to run from LRN 140 (currently SR 119) to LRN 33 in Wasco.
In 1964, all of the state routes were renumbered. LRN 135 and LRN 139 were combined, and all gaps were filled to make one continuous route from SR 119 to SR 99 near Selma. This route was named and signed as SR 43.

</doc>
<doc id="2887036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887036" title="Glossodia">
Glossodia

Glossodia is a genus of mostly purple orchids from Australia. In spring vast numbers of "Glossodia major" flower on uncleared land.
There are only two recognised species: 
Cultivation.
"Glossodia" are difficult to maintain in cultivation. Growing from seed "in vitro" has yielded very poor results, and plants taken from the wild usually last only a few years. This may be due to the plants' complete reliance on a symbiotic fungus for nutrition. These orchids form no roots and obtain nutrients from mycorrhizal fungi. A reasonably successful solution to this has been to grow new plants in the same pot each year. This usually requires hand pollination, but it can result in a better yield.

</doc>
<doc id="2887037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887037" title="Cairngaan">
Cairngaan

Cairngaan, Dumfries and Galloway, is the southmost settlement in Scotland. The hamlet of Cairngaan lies just north of the Mull of Galloway (which contains Scotland's most southerly point, and a lighthouse, but no villages) on the B7041, after a turn-off from the B7065 road. The village is at the extreme end of the B7401; as the road comes from an area that is already remote and goes only to this village, it can be said that the only reason to travel it is to experience what it is like to be at Scotland's most southerly settlement. As a result of Cairngaan's southernly location, the town lies south of the English settlements of Newcastle, Sunderland and Carlisle
Nearby settlements of marginally more consequence include Drummore and Kirkmaiden to the near north. Around 18 miles (30 km) away is Stranraer and the ferry to Northern Ireland.
See also Extreme points of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2887038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887038" title="Microtis (orchid)">
Microtis (orchid)

Microtis (onion orchids) is a small genus in the orchid family Orchidaceae.
Description.
These orchids occur from South China to Japan, Southeast Asia, Australia (except the Northern Territory), New Zealand and certain islands of the Southwest Pacific, in grassland and scrub.
They are deciduous, chlorophyllous, sympodial, tuberoid terrestrial orchids with a single, cylindrical leaf that encloses the stem.
The tiny flowers are green and arranged in a many-flowered (50 to 100) spiral in a spike or raceme around the erect and tall central stalk. The lowermost flowers are close the exit of the stalk from the sheathing leaf. The dorsal sepal is sharp-pointed and forms a hood over the column. The lateral sepals are oblong and sometimes recurved. The dorsal sepal often keeps the oblong petals out of sight. The lip is ovate-oblong with united basal calli. The lobed lip has a rough, irregular margin.
Every flower tends to set seed, after being pollinated by wingless worker ants from the genus "Iridomyrmex", attracted by nectar at the base of the lip. This is an exceptional case of pollination by ants, since ants tend to secrete an anti-fungal substance that kills pollen. This doesn't seem to affect "Microtis" pollen.
"Microtis" orchids are often cryptic and difficult to differentiate. "Microtis unifolia" seems to have three different groups in New Zealand with different geographical ranges, habitats and flowering times.
Species.
Species and subspecies accepted as of June 2014:
Cultivation.
Most "Microtis" are very easy to grow, and readily volunteer themselves in other pots. "Microtis" are often found in gardens around Melbourne from wind-born seed.

</doc>
<doc id="2887041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887041" title="Judge Advocate General (Canada)">
Judge Advocate General (Canada)

The Office of the Judge Advocate General for the Canadian Forces provides legal advice to commanders at bases and wings, provides lawyers who defend accused persons at courts martial, teaches courses to other CF members or advises a commanding officer in an operational theatre to uphold the ethical and legal principles established by both the Canadian Forces and the Government of Canada. The current JAG of the Canadian Forces is Major-General B. Blaise Cathcart.
The office consists of 159 regular force legal officer positions and 64 reserve force legal officer positions. Regular force legal officers are deployed as follows:
See also.
United States
United Kingdom

</doc>
<doc id="2887043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887043" title="Plumb bob">
Plumb bob

A plumb-bob or a plummet is a weight, usually with a pointed tip on the bottom, that is suspended from a string and used as a vertical reference line, or plumb-line. It is essentially the vertical equivalent of a "water level".
The instrument has been used since at least the time of ancient Egypt to ensure that constructions are "plumb", or vertical. It is also used in surveying to establish the nadir with respect to gravity of a point in space. They are used with a variety of instruments (including levels, theodolites, and steel tapes) to set the instrument exactly over a fixed survey marker, or to transcribe positions onto the ground for placing a marker.
Etymology.
The "plumb" in "plumb-bob" comes from the fact that such tools were originally made of lead (Latin "plumbum", French "plomb"). The adjective "plumb" developed by extension, as did the noun "aplomb", from the notion of "standing upright".
Use.
Up until the modern age, on most tall structures, plumb-bobs were used to provide vertical datum lines for the building measurements. A section of the scaffolding would hold a plumb line that was centered over a datum mark on the floor. As the building proceeded upwards the plumb line would also be taken higher, still centered on the datum. Many cathedral spires, domes and towers still have brass datum marks inlaid into their floors, that signify the center of the structure above.
Although a plumb-bob and line alone can only determine a vertical, if mounted on a suitable scale the instrument may also be used as an inclinometer to measure angles to the vertical.
The early skyscrapers used heavy plumb-bobs hung on wire in their elevator shafts.
A plumb bob may be in a container of water (when conditions are above freezing temperatures), molasses, very viscous oils or other liquids to dampen any swinging movement, functioning as a shock absorber.
Determining center of gravity of an irregular shape.
Students of figure drawing will also make use of a plumb line to find the vertical axis through the center of gravity of their subject and lay it down on paper as a point of reference. The device used may be purpose-made plumb lines, or simply makeshift devices made from a piece of string and a weighted object, such as a metal washer. This plumb line is important for lining up anatomical geometries and visualizing the subject's center of balance.

</doc>
<doc id="2887051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887051" title="Sardi's">
Sardi's

Sardi's is a Continental restaurant located at 234 West 44th Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue) in the Theater District in Manhattan, in New York City. Known for the hundreds of caricatures of show-business celebrities that adorn its walls, Sardi's opened at its current location on March 5, 1927.
Creation and early years.
Melchiore Pio Vincenzo "Vincent" Sardi, Sr. (born in S. Marzano Oliveto, Italy on December 23, 1885 – died November 19, 1969) and his wife Eugenia ("Jenny") Pallera (born in Castell'Alfero, Italy on July 14, 1889) opened their first eatery, The Little Restaurant, at 146 West 44th Street in 1921. When that building was slated for demolition in 1926, they accepted an offer from the theater magnates, the Shubert brothers, to relocate to a new building the brothers were erecting down the block. The new restaurant, Sardi's, opened March 5, 1927.
When business slowed after the move, Vincent Sardi sought a gimmick to attract customers. Recalling the movie star caricatures that decorated the walls of Joe Zelli’s, a Parisian restaurant and jazz club, Sardi decided to recreate that effect in his establishment. He hired a Russian refugee named Alex Gard (1898–1948) (born Alexis Kremkoff in Kazan, Russia) to draw Broadway celebrities. Sardi and Gard drew up a contract that stated Gard would make the caricatures in exchange for one meal per day at the restaurant. The first official caricature by Gard was of Ted Healy, the vaudevillian of Three Stooges fame. When Sardi’s son, Vincent Sardi, Jr. (1915–2007), took over restaurant operations in 1947, he offered to change the terms of Gard's agreement. Gard refused and continued to draw the caricatures in exchange for meals until his death.
Height of popularity.
Frequent mentions of the restaurant in newspaper columns by Walter Winchell and Ward Morehouse added to Sardi’s growing popularity. Winchell and Morehouse belonged to a group of newspapermen, press agents, and drama critics who met for lunch regularly at Sardi’s and referred to themselves as the Cheese Club. Heywood Broun, Mark Hellinger, press agent Irving Hoffman, actor George Jessel, and Ring Lardner were also Cheese Club members. In fact, it was Hoffman who first brought Alex Gard to Sardi's for lunch at the Cheese Club table. Gard drew caricatures of the Cheese Club members, and Vincent Sardi hung them above their table. It was then that Sardi recalled the drawings at Zelli's and made his deal with Gard. 
The restaurant became known as a pre- and post-theater hangout, as well as a location for opening night parties. Vincent Sardi, a theater lover, kept the restaurant open much later than others in the area to accommodate Broadway performers' schedules.
Alex Gard, who created more than 700 caricatures for the restaurant, died in 1948. After Gard, John Mackey took over drawing for the restaurant but was soon replaced by Don Bevan. Bevan did the drawings until 1974 when he retired, and was replaced by Brooklyn-born Richard Baratz, a banknote and certificate engraver by profession. Baratz, who lives in Pennsylvania, continues to the present day as the Sardi’s caricaturist. Currently, there are more than 1,300 celebrity caricatures on display.
According to actor Robert Cuccioli's spokesperson Judy Katz, in an interview with "Playbill": "On the day Jimmy Cagney died, his caricature was stolen from the Sardi's wall. Since then, when drawings are done, the originals go into a vault, and two copies are made. One goes to the lucky subject of the caricature, the other up on the Sardi's wall. This way, potential thieves won't have their moment."
In 1979, Vincent Sardi, Jr. donated a collection of 227 caricatures from the restaurant to the Billy Rose Theatre Collection of The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
While the Sardi family was Italian, their restaurant's cuisine is not; rather it tends toward "English food", a Continental menu. In 1957, Vincent Sardi, Jr. collaborated with Helen Bryson to compile a cookbook of Sardi's recipes. "Curtain Up at Sardi's" contains nearly 300 recipes ranging from a grilled cheese sandwich to a Champagne cocktail.
In 1932, a Los Angeles location of Sardi's opened on Hollywood Boulevard, where it was similarly popular with celebrities. It has since closed.
Sardi's today.
Sardi's is the birthplace of the Tony Award; after Antoinette Perry's death in 1946, her partner, theatrical producer and director, Brock Pemberton, was eating lunch at Sardi's when he came up with the idea of a theater award to be given in Perry's honor. For many years Sardi’s was the location where Tony Award nominations were announced. Vincent Sardi, Sr. received a special Tony Award in 1947, the first year of the awards, for "providing a transient home and comfort station for theatre folk at Sardi's for 20 years." In 2004, Vincent Sardi, Jr. received a Tony Honor for Excellence in the Theatre. Sardi's is also the venue for the presentation of the Outer Critics Circle Awards, as well as many other Broadway events, press conferences, and celebrations.
The restaurant is today considered a Broadway institution, to the point that composer Stephen Sondheim pointed to it when lamenting the changing climate of New York theater in a 2000 interview. Asked about the Broadway community, Sondheim replied, "There's none whatsoever. The writers write one show every two or three years. Who congregates at Sardi's? What is there to congregate about? Shows just sit in theaters and last."
In popular culture.
Film.
Movies that have filmed scenes in Sardi's include:
Television.
Television shows filmed at Sardi's include:
Radio broadcasts.
On March 8, 1947, Vincent Sardi, Jr. began a radio show broadcast live from the Sardi's dining room, called "Luncheon at Sardi's". It was hosted originally by Bill Slater. Subsequent hosts were Tom Slater, Ray Heatherton and Arlene Francis. Currently, on WOR Radio, Joan Hamburg occasionally does broadcasts from Sardi's.

</doc>
<doc id="2887055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887055" title="Texas State Highway 31">
Texas State Highway 31

State Highway 31, or SH 31, runs from U.S. Highway 84 northeast of Waco via Corsicana, Athens, Tyler, Kilgore to U.S. Highway 80 in Longview.

</doc>
<doc id="2887058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887058" title="Stary Zdrój">
Stary Zdrój

Stary Zdrój (former, German name: "Altwasser") was a town of Poland, now part of a town Wałbrzych, 43 m. by rail S.W. from Wrocław, and 3 m. N. from centre of Wałbrzych. It has factories for glass, porcelain (Fabryka Porcelany Wałbrzych S.A.), machinery, cotton-spinning, iron-foundries and used to have coal-mines. Population (in 1900) 12,144.

</doc>
<doc id="2887064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887064" title="Kiwanis Ravine">
Kiwanis Ravine

Kiwanis Ravine is an public park a block east of Discovery Park in the Magnolia neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Purchased by the Kiwanis Club in the 1950s and donated to Seattle Parks Department, it is home to the largest nesting colony of great blue herons in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="2887074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887074" title="Serbian-Hungarian Baranya-Baja Republic">
Serbian-Hungarian Baranya-Baja Republic

The Serb-Hungarian Baranya-Baja Republic (Hungarian: "Baranya-Bajai Szerb-Magyar Köztársaság", Serbian: Српско-мађарска република Барања-Баја, "Srpsko-mađarska republika Baranja-Baja") was a short-lived, Soviet-oriented mini-state, proclaimed in Pécs on 14 August 1921, on occupied Hungarian territory during the peacemaking aftermath of the first World War, tolerated and fostered by the newly proclaimed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. Its territory included the geographical region of Baranya and the northern part of Bačka region.
History.
The republic was established on 14 August 1921 and was dissolved on 20 August 1921. The area of southern Hungary was occupied by the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes' army and was administrated by the people's administration from Novi Sad. Following the defeat of Béla Kun's Hungarian Soviet Republic in the summer of 1919, many communist dissidents from Budapest, escaping from the "white terror" of Admiral Miklós Horthy, emigrated to Baranya, where Béla Linder, mayor of Pécs, gave them refuge. Linder, the military attaché of the Hungarian Soviet Republic based in Vienna in Austria, became the mayor of Pécs in September 1920.
In the Great People's Assembly of Pécs on 14 August, where in front of 15-20,000 people painter Petar Dobrović suggested the formation of independent republic that would include region of Baranya and northern part of Bačka around Baja. Petar Dobrović became president of executive committee of the new Republic.
The lobbying at the peace conference in Paris under the Belgrade-appointed Yugoslav Prefect Pandurovitch, it is said to have included two great Hungarian landowners, Count Pavao Keglević and Count Ivan Drašković, in addition to the leading Baranya jurist Tivadar Andrits, a former member of the Hungarian Parliament. Due to a miscarriage of justice Ivo Andrić was arrested some years before. Laszlo Pandurovitch certainly did not know this Pavao Keglević personally. Živko Petričić a far relative of this Pavao Keglević was the chief-negotiator of the Yugoslav peoples committee of the Croatian Parliament with the Government of Hungary. This Pavao Keglević (1911–2004) was one of the grandsons of the wholesaler of pork Franjo/Ferenc Keglević/Keglovich (1859 1864-1916) who in 1905 had emigrated from Hungary to Croatia and changed his name from Ferenc Keglovich to Franjo Keglević, and was at that time about 8 years old. It came to an inquiry in Hungary on this Committee of Pandurovitch, because Pandurovitch was an Austro-Hungarian officer. The members of his alleged Committee Iván Gróf Draskovich, Pál Gróf Keglevich, Tivadar Andric, Vladimir Stojcsics and Koszó Gyorgyevics were summoned, but this two alleged counts "alias" Draskovich and "alias" Keglevich quickly disappeared again, it was not established their true identity.
However, the authorities of the new republic did not manage to gain international recognition, and since the withdrawal of the Yugoslav kingdom's army, Horthy's forces entered into region and put an end to the Republic. From 21–25 August 1921, the region was reintegrated into Hungary, represented by Commissioner Károly Soós Bádoki, as had been allocated at the Treaty of Trianon of 1920.
On 12 October 1921, Ferenc Fischer, the tutor of Paul Keglevich (1911–2004), became the supreme governor of Baranya County. Furthermore, the history of Paul Keglevich is very controversial and not well researched, may be because of the changes in 1918 in the Tatra company, with which he was connected through his family, or may be because tutor Fischer had financed the so-called "zeleni kadar" (green cadres), which both became the reasons for the compulsory purchase of Paul Keglevich by his tutor Fischer. The newspapers in Pécs have written in 1930, when Paul Keglevich turned 19 years old, that he would have been a traitor of his country. May be because he was poor, what was better for his protection in those times. Or because he lived in Yugoslavia near Legrad, but the name of the train station in Hungary was until a few years ago also Legrad even if Legrad was not in Hungary. Or because of the upcoming nationalistic propaganda among Germans in Hungary in 1930, or because of the upcoming Nazi propaganda against also his surname in Austria. Pesti Hírlap with the "Legrady brothers" wrote in 1930 in Budapest: "Justice for Hungary! The Cruel Errors of Trianon." Miroslav Krleža wrote later that Josip Broz Tito was an illegitimate child of the above mentioned Franjo Keglević.
Population.
Most of the inhabitants of the republic were ethnic Hungarians, while other ethnic groups that lived in the area included Croats, Serbs, Germans, Romanians, Slovaks and others.
This differences clearly demonstrate the Serb efforts of annexation, moreover, at the Serbian Census, they had to calculate the members of the Serbian Army into the census because there was a classified order about this.
President.
The President of the Executive Committee (14–20 August 1921), i.e. President of the Republic, was Petar Dobrović (1890–1942), an ethnic Serb.

</doc>
<doc id="2887083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887083" title="Franc O'Shea">
Franc O'Shea

Franc O'Shea is a bassist and composer born in Swaziland. He has worked with other artists including Steve Howe (Yes), Lisa Moorish, Mike Lindup (Level 42), Bah Samba, members of Jamiroquai and Beverley Martyn. His playing covers a variety of styles including jazz, Latin, rock, world music, flamenco and funk . He released a solo album, entitled "Esprit", in 1999 and has recently collaborated with members of Paco de Lucia and Chick Corea's bands on his latest album "Alkimia:" Jorge Pardo, Rubem Dantas as well as Juan Manuel Canizares, Benjamin Sarfas, Philippe Barnes, Nan Mercader, Chema Vilchez, Serguei Sapricheff, etc. He currently teaches at the Brighton Institute of Modern Music and lives between England and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2887086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887086" title="Penwortham, South Australia">
Penwortham, South Australia

Penwortham () is a small town in the Clare Valley, South Australia, along the Horrocks Highway, approximately 10 kilometres south of Clare and 14 kilometres north of Auburn. 
Geography.
Penwortham is surrounded by natural eucalyptus bushland and a section of the Skilly Hills, which in turn forms part of the Mount Lofty Ranges. There are two significant peaks nearby, Mount Oakden named after John Oakden, and Mount Horrocks, named after John Horrocks. The Hill River rises about 3 kilometres east of Penwortham.
History.
The village of Penwortham was originally founded by settler, pioneer and explorer, John Horrocks (22 March 1818 – 23 September 1846). Horrocks arrived in the colony of South Australia on his 21st birthday, 22 March 1839, less than three years after its proclamation by Governor John Hindmarsh. After meeting Edward John Eyre, who told him of potentially good farmland to the north of Adelaide, John Horrocks and a servant, John Green, set off to find the area Eyre had described to him. Horrocks settled in a region that he believed to be along the Hutt River and named his establishment "Hope Farm". Later in 1839, the first stone cottage of the settlement was commenced and, in 1840, Horrocks and his servants built stone stables for horses, which were then very rare and valuable in the new colony. For a short time, this was the only inland European settlement north of Adelaide and Gawler.
The following year saw the completion of an inn, "The Derby Arms", which was built to accommodate the many new travellers passing north through Penwortham. The year after that (1842), the first foundations were laid for a flour mill, which did not see full operation until 1856, when all its working parts finally arrived from Europe. 1842 was also the year that the first foundation stone was laid down for the beginning of the manor house at "Hope Farm".
Horrocks died in 1846 as a result of a hunting accident at Lake Gill, just north of the present day city of Port Augusta. By that time, Penwortham had become quite an established town and included a butcher, general store, tailor, school and blacksmith. The next year (1847), an unofficial post office began operation, with the local publican, James Bleechmore, acting as postmaster. In 1851, building began on St Mark's Anglican Church. Completion of St Mark's occurred in 1855, with the installation of a bell, turret and porch.
A new era of transport and industry began in 1915, when the construction of the Riverton to Spalding railway line passed through the town. It brought about many changes, and included the demolition of the manor house at "Hope Farm", as this was in its direct line. By now, the main industries in the town and surrounding farms were fruit, dried currant and dairy production. These continued until just after the Second World War, when competition from the Riverland meant that a viable industry in the Clare Valley was untenable. As a result, the pre-war advent and post-war continuation of the fledgling wine industry began to flourish in the region.
A monument was built and unveiled on 22 September 1946 commemorating the life, exploration and untimely death of the town's founder, John Ainsworth Horrocks. It was built by Gordon Ross and William Robins and now stands by the side of Main North Road, near St Mark's Church.
Name.
Penwortham shares its name with the town of Penwortham in Lancashire, England. Penwortham (in the United Kingdom) was the home of Richard Arkwright, the inventor of the water frame that kick-started the textile industry in the late 18th century. John Horrocks is likely to have been a descendant of Arkwright. "Penwortham" is a town name with a precise meaning: a settlement on a hill by a ford. Horrocks originally called his settlement Penwortham-on-the-Hill. He was born at his family home of Penwortham Hall, near Preston, Lancashire. The name is a hybrid of the Welsh "pen", meaning headland and an Old English word "worphamm", meaning enclosed homestead.
The town today.
Penwortham today is a sleepy, but beautiful village. Pearson Wines are located on the Main Road, a beautiful old stone building creating a delightful cellar door. St. Marks Church is a treasure, with explorer John Horrocks buried in the adjacent cemetery. Greens Cottage, built in 1839 and owned and operated by the local historical society, opens to visitors on the first Sunday of each month. The Riesling Trail, on the eastern side links the village to Auburn and Clare for walkers and cyclists looking to take in the ambience of the local countryside.
The scenic drive to the Skillogalee Valley, west of the Main North Road, can be accessed from Penwortham. This beautiful scenic drive will take you to several well-known cellar doors, Mitchell Wines, Penna Lane Wines, Kilikanoon Wines and Skillogalee Wines and Restaurant.
Governance.
Penwortham is in the District Council of Clare and Gilbert Valleys, the state electoral district of Frome, and the Australian House of Representatives Division of Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="2887091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887091" title="Skarfskerry">
Skarfskerry

Skarfskerry (or Scarfskerry; ) is the most northerly settlement on mainland Scotland. It is located in Caithness, on a small peninsula northeast of Thurso, off the A836. The name comes from the Old Norse for "cormorants rock". Historically it belonged to the Parish of Dunnet, along with Brough.
Landmarks.
This rural settlement consists of a scattering of houses and a small harbour with a pier that is no longer used for commercial purposes, although boats operate in the area providing tourists with trips to see White-beaked dolphins, Minke whales and Harbor Porpoises. The pier, about 150 yards long, has a small bight on the southwestern side. It also contains a Baptist church and a pottery shop, Scarfskerry Pottery, established in 1977. Skarfskerry Point, a double-headed point, 30 feet high, marks the eastern entrance point of Brough Bay. The Loch of Mey lies just to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="2887103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887103" title="Altyn-Tagh">
Altyn-Tagh

Altyn-Tagh, (Astyn-Tagh, Altun Mountains, Pinyin: Altun Shan, A-erh-chin, Wade–Giles:A-erh-chin shan, Aerjin Shan, ()) is a part of the range south of Lop Nor), and is a mountain range in northwestern China that separates the eastern Tarim Basin from the Tibetan Plateau. The western third is in Xinjiang while the eastern part forms the border between Qinghai to the south and Xinjiang and Gansu to the north.
Altun Shan is also the name of a mountain near the eastern end of the range, the highest point in Gansu.
Etymology.
Altyn Tag means "Gold Mountain" in Turkic, and Shan is Chinese for "mountain".
Geography.
A series of mountain ranges run along the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau. In the west are the Kunlun Mountains. About half way across the Tarim basin, where the mountains begin to orient somewhat to the north, the border range becomes the Altyn-Tagh, while the Kunluns continue directly east, forming a "V". Inside the "V" are a number of endorheic basins. The eastern end of the Altyn-Shan is near the Dangjin Pass on the Dunhuang-Golmud road in far western Gansu. East of the Altyn-Tagh the border range rises to the Qilian Mountains. The range separates the Tarim Basin, to the north, and Lake Ayakkum, to the south. The range can be divided into three portions. The southwest portion borders the Kunlun Mountains, is very rugged, with peaks reaching more than and many perennial snow fields. The central portion is lower in elevation, around , and the eastern portion. The eastern portion is higher in elevation, about and consists of a group of smaller ranges oriented in a south-east to north-west trend.
Along the northern side of the mountains ran the main Silk road trade route from China proper to the Tarim Basin and westward. The Altun-Tagh and Qilians were sometimes called the Nan Shan ('south mountains') because they were south of the main route. Near the east end of the Altun-Shan the Gansu or Hexi corridor ends and the silk road splits. One branch follows the Altun-Tagh along the south side of the Tarim Basin while the other follows the north side.
The southwestern part of the Altyn-Tagh range reaches snowy peaks of up to , although it descends to an average of in the narrow middle and eventually rises up to average as it meets the Nan Shan.
There are a dearth of rivers and streams in these mountains, due to the aridity of the region. The western portion has some small streams that either head north into the desert or south into Lake Ayakkum. The remainder of the range is lacking in rivers.
Intermontane endorheic basins.
Inside the "V" shaped area between the Altyn-Tagh and the main Kunlun range (which in this area is called Arka-Tagh) a number of endorheic basins are located.
Within southeastern Xinjiang, the main of these basins is the Kumkol Basin ()
The two main lakes in this basin are the saline Lake Aqqikkol (also Ajig Kum Kul, Achak-kum; ; 37°05′N，88°25′E, elevation) and Lake Ayakkum (; 37°30′N，89°30′E; elevation ). These lakes are two of the few noticeable bodies of water in this extremely arid area; the area around them is officially protected as the Altun Shan Nature Reserve.
Farther east, in northwestern Qinghai, the much larger Qaidam Basin starts between the Altyn-Tagh and the Kunlun and extends almost to the east side of the plateau; the Altyn-Tagh separates the west side of this basin from the Kumtagh Desert.
Major Peaks.
The five highest peaks are Sulamutag Feng (), Yusupu Aleketag Shan (), Altun Shan (), Muzluktag () and Kogantag ().
Economic development.
China National Highway 315 crosses the Altyn-Tagh on its way between Qinghai and Xinjiang.
As of the late 2013, preliminary planning is conducted for the Kurla-Golmud Railway, which, if constructed, will cross the Altyn-Tagh as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2887110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887110" title="Hamza (disambiguation)">
Hamza (disambiguation)

Hamza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2887126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887126" title="Paragould meteorite">
Paragould meteorite

The Paragould Meteorite at by by and weighing is the second largest meteorite ever recovered in North America and the largest stony meteorite chondrite. It fell to Earth at approximately 4:08 a.m. on February 17, 1930.
The fireball could be seen as far away as Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Kansas, and of course, Arkansas. Initially, observers thought it was an airplane crashing.
The meteorite split into many pieces. The largest piece was discovered by W. H. Hodges in an 8 foot (2 m) hole on a farm south of Bethel Church, off Highway 358, a few miles south of Paragould, Arkansas.
It was purchased by Harvey H. Nininger, who later sold it to Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History. It has been on loan to the University of Arkansas since 1988, initially to the University Museum and then after November 2003 to the Arkansas Center for Space and Planetary Sciences. It was on display in Mullins Library, at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville till April 11, 2008, when it was moved to the Arkansas Center for Space and Planetary Sciences building.
Two other pieces were found, one weighing (presently stored in Washington, D.C.) and another piece presently resides in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2887138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887138" title="Social venture capital">
Social venture capital

Social venture capital is a form of venture capital investing that provides capital to businesses deemed socially and environmentally responsible. These investments are intended to both provide attractive returns to investors and to provide market-based solutions to social and environmental issues. Social venture capital can refer to debt, equity or mezzanine investments in socially oriented enterprises, which includes BoP (Base of the Pyramid)-targeted efforts to stimulate economic development in the poorest regions of the world. 
Among the firms that deploy social venture capital are:
Social venture capital is a form of venture philanthropy and impact investing. Organizations providing services to the SVC sector include I-DEV International (management strategy, business scaling, portfolio improvement, and exit strategy) to GIIRS, which is an initiative sponsored by the Rockefeller Foundation and others to create standardized metrics by which to compare social investment performance and criteria. Further service providing services are Aspen Network of Development Entrepreneurs (ANDE) and the European Venture Philanthropy Association (EVPA), an association that covers venture philanthropy funds in Europe that finance charities, revenue generating social enterprises and socially driven business. These growing services are indications of the SVC sectors' increasing popularity and development. While many of the first round of SVC funds established, did so with a largely non-profit, socially oriented focus (vs. one focused on profitable returns and long-term success), funds are beginning to increasingly recognize and put weight on the importance of exit strategy, ROI (financial Return on Investment) and SROI (Social Return on Investment), which includes conducting greater due diligence into investments and supporting capacity building or technical training for portfolio company management. ICCO Investments, which is the impact investment arm of Netherlands based ICCO Cooperation finances the 'Missing Middle'enterprises, which face issues of access to finance primarily because they operate in a space where few businesses tread because of low margins, but high impact.

</doc>
<doc id="2887139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887139" title="Alur people">
Alur people

Alur are an ethnic group who live mainly in the Nebbi, Zombo, and Arua districts in northwestern Uganda, but also in northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, north of Lake Albert. They are part of the larger Luo group, and their language is closely related to Acholi and Japadhola. Some Alur speak Lendu and Kebu.
The Alur Kingdom is probably the only one that was unaffected by the Ugandan ban on traditional monarchies in 1966.[http://www.jaluo.com/sigendniluo/ojangasego051103.html]
In DRC, the Alur people are organized in deferent chiefdoms namely; Angal, Alur Juganda, Jukoth, Mukambu, Junam, War Palara, Panduru and Lendu Watsi. Based on the royal spear head bearing tradition, the Ubimu of Alur tribe H.M Philip Olarker Rauni III is the supreme ruler of the entire Alur tribe, with his capital at Kaal Atyak Winam, Zombo district - Uganda.
In Angal, the current Chief is called Rwoth Djalore Serge II. He took over from his late father Kamanda who died in 1998. All these sub tribes of the Alur descended directly from King Nyipir lineage (Aidan 1953: The Alur Society; a Study in Processes and Types of Domination).

</doc>
<doc id="2887141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887141" title="Australian Maritime Safety Authority">
Australian Maritime Safety Authority

Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) is responsible, on behalf of the Commonwealth Government of Australia, for the regulation and safety oversight of Australia's shipping fleet and management of Australia's international maritime obligations. AMSA is funded largely through levies on the shipping industry. The authority has a jurisdiction over Australia's exclusive economic zone which covers an area of 11 million km².
It was established in 1990, under the Australian Maritime Safety Act 1990. The authority belongs to the Department of Infrastructure and Transport. Directors are appointed by the minister. Other international treaties which AMSA administers include the "Navigation Act 2012" and the "Protection of the Sea (Prevention of Pollution from Ships) Act 1983".
In the 2010-2011 financial year, AMSA recorded expenses of just over $146 million, with revenue at just under $159 million, creating a surplus of more than $10 million.
Functions.
Marine safety activities by AMSA:
AMSA aims to protect the marine environment by administering programs to prevent and respond to the threat of ship-sourced marine pollution; and together with the Australian Marine Oil Spill Centre, managing Australia's National Plan to combat pollution of the sea by oil and other noxious and hazardous substances.
It is responsible for administering MARPOL 73/78, an international marine environmental convention designed to minimize pollution of the seas. AMSA can instigate prosecutions itself, but mainly works with states and territories during investigations and enforcement activities such as vessel inspections. 
A recent major AMSA project involved the rewrite of the Navigation Act 1912, the agency's governing statute.
New responsibilities.
AMSA recently developed policy which led to the transfer of responsibility for the regulation of small commercial vessels from states and territories to the Commonwealth to deal with issues identified by the agency which affect hired canoes, row boats and pedal boats and other small craft. The proposal is controversial in some jurisdictions due to lack of reliable information to support the initiative and due to increases in administrative costs borne by states and territories.
Publications.
The Authority publishes a range of materials in relation to maritime safety - its 'Survival at Sea' Manual is now in its 6th edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2887143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887143" title="Camrose Canadian">
Camrose Canadian

The Camrose Canadian is a local news publication for the Camrose, Alberta area. Founded in 1908, the paper is now one of many Alberta publications owned by Sun Media, a Quebecor company.

</doc>
<doc id="2887148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887148" title="Lumax">
Lumax

Lumax is the brand name of a selective herbicide manufactured by Syngenta for corn production that is popular in the United States. It is based on the herbicides mesotrione, s-metolachlor, and atrazine. It is applied after planting, until the corn emerges, to control grass and broadleaf weeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2887150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887150" title="California State Route 184">
California State Route 184

State Route 184 (SR 184) is a state route in Kern County, California, locally known as “Weedpatch Highway.” It is mainly a 2-lane conventional highway, expanding to four lanes in Bakersfield, and Lamont. It connects the local agricultural land south of Bakersfield, and east of SR 99/I-5, to a major east/west freeway, SR 58. The freeway connects the San Joaquin Valley to all points southeast. It also connects to SR 178 (Kern Canyon Road), a highway which runs from Bakersfield to the Kern Valley region, and SR 223 (Bear Mountain Boulevard), which connects I-5 (Westside Freeway) to SR 58 on a route south of Bakersfield. SR 184 southern terminus is with Wheeler Ridge Rd, a county road. Although not a truck route, it is the only north/south road south of Bakersfield that directly connects to I-5, which runs east of SR 99. Its connection is with the Golden State Freeway section south of SR 99.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
Route description.
SR 184 starts at the intersection of SR 223 (Bear Mountain Boulevard) and Wheeler Ridge Road. It travels north, through relatively flat agricultural land. It crosses through the towns of Weedpatch, and Lamont. The highway continues north, and crosses its major junction with SR 58. At the junction, the road’s name changes to Morning Drive. It then enters the rural, but growing, eastern portion of Bakersfield. At the intersection of Morning Drive and Niles Street/Kern Canyon Road, the route turns right onto Kern Canyon Road. The route turns northeast, as it travels through open grassland. It terminates at SR 178 (Kern Canyon Road) near the old Mesa Marin Raceway.
In describing the route for SR 184, it is also important to discuss Wheeler Ridge Rd, the county route that starts at the southern end of the route. It travels straight south, through agricultural land to I-5 (Golden State Freeway) south of SR 99. This provides an eastern bypass to the busy SR 99.
History.
SR 184 was adopted as a state route in 1933 as Legislative Route 143. It was an unsigned highway running from LRN 140 (current SR 223, Bear Mountain Boulevard), to LRN 57 (current SR 178, Kern Canyon Rd.). The route definition has changed little since that time. In 1964, during the renumbering of California routes, LRN 143 changed to SR 184, and became a signed route. In 1968, with the opening of SR 178 freeway in Bakersfield, SR 184 was extended northeast, along the old SR 178 alignment to a new connection just east of the old Mesa Marin Raceway. This was where the new alignment for SR 178 ended. This connection was only a temporary connection, since SR 178 has an adopted alignment north of its current route to be constructed at a future date.

</doc>
<doc id="2887151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887151" title="Alure">
Alure

Alure (O. Fr., from "oiler", "to walk"), is an architectural term for an alley, passage, the water-way or flat gutter behind a parapet, the galleries of a clerestory, or sometimes even the aisle itself of a church. The term is occasionally written valure or valoring.

</doc>
<doc id="2887161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887161" title="Field Officer in Brigade Waiting">
Field Officer in Brigade Waiting

The Field Officer in Brigade Waiting holds an appointment in the Royal Household. He performs his duties at State Ceremonies under the authority of the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord Chamberlain and the Earl Marshal. When dismounted he carries a distinctive baton as his insignia of office.
The Field Officer in Brigade Waiting is to be in attendance on the Sovereign on the following occasions, to receive The Queen's commands for the Foot Guards:
The Field Officer in Brigade Waiting is to command The Queen's Birthday Parade assisted by the Major the the Parade and the Adjutant of the Parade; all three being mounted on horseback.
The Field Officer in Brigade Waiting is appointed by The Major General and is normally his Chief of Staff and deputy. When not available, the Chief of Staff nominates a replacement. Commanding Officers of Foot Guards battalions may be nominated and since the 1980s have habitually commanded the Queen's Birthday Parade when their own regiment is trooping its colour.
See also.
Trooping the Colour

</doc>
<doc id="2887169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887169" title="Curt Kaufman">
Curt Kaufman

Curt Gerard Kaufman (born July 19, 1957 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a retired American professional baseball player. In Major League Baseball, he appeared in 40 games pitched, all but one as a relief pitcher, for the New York Yankees (1982–1983) and California Angels (1984). He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
After graduating from high school, Kaufman received an athletic scholarship to Iowa State University. He then worked his way through the minors with ease, even setting the International League record for saves in a season (25). He was then recognized for his efforts by the Yankees, who called him up in 1982. He remained a Yankee through the 1983 season, but was traded to the California Angels after the season for infielder Tim Foli. He only played one season with the Angels; his career was cut short by a career ending elbow surgery. He retired after the surgery with a career ERA of 4.48, 50 strikeouts, a save, and an overall record of 3–3.

</doc>
<doc id="2887171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887171" title="Quincy Notre Dame High School">
Quincy Notre Dame High School

Quincy Notre Dame High School is a private, Roman Catholic co-educational high school in Quincy, Illinois, United States, founded in 1859, serving upper school students in grades 9-12. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Illinois. The curriculum is college preparatory.
History.
Historically, private upper school Catholic education in Quincy was separated between schools for boys and girls. The predecessor to Notre Dame was established as a girls' school in 1859, while the Quincy College Academy was established as the boys' preparatory school. In 1859, a local bishop invited the School Sisters of Notre Dame to teach in the town. First known as the Convent School of Infant Jesus, it was chartered by the state in 1873 as the Saint Mary Institute. When the Quincy College Academy closed, the boys were given temporary acceptance to Notre Dame with the idea that a new boys' academy would be established. They actually ended up staying from 1940 until 1959, when Christian Brothers High School was formed (which changed names again in 1970 to Catholic Boys High School). In 1976 the schools re-merged and became the current Notre Dame High School.
Academics.
Annually, about 98% of Notre Dame graduates enroll in college programs. The school follows a traditional liberal arts curriculum of language arts, fine arts, mathematics, the sciences, foreign languages, philosophy and theology. Mental, physical and social growth are all a central part of the school's values and are incorporated into the students' education.
While a Roman Catholic school, the student body is not exclusively Catholic, with a portion regularly coming from other faiths.
The school's mission statement: Founded on Catholic values, Quincy Notre Dame High School educates lifelong learners for lives of service.
Athletics and activities.
Notre Dame High School competes in the Mid-State 6 Conference and is a member school in the Illinois High School Association. Their mascot is the Raiders, with school colors of navy, vegas gold, and white. While their student enrollment is 409, their IHSA adjusted enrollment for private or non-boundary schools is 685.
The school has 19 state championships on record in team athletics and activities:

</doc>
<doc id="2887176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887176" title="Amarar tribe">
Amarar tribe

Amarar is an African bedouin tribe of the Beja people inhabiting the mountainous country on the west side of the Red Sea from Suakin northwards towards Al-Qusayr. Between them and the Nile are the Ababda and Bisharin Beja tribes and to their south dwell the Hadendoa (another Beja subgroup). The country of the Amarar is called the Atbai. Their headquarters are in the Ariab district. The tribe is divided into four great families: (1) Weled Gwilei, (2) Weled Aliab, (3) Weled Kurbab Wagadab, and (4) the Amarar proper of the Ariab district. They claim to be of Koreish blood and to be the descendants of an invading Arab army. Possibly some small bands of Koreish Arabs may have made an inroad and converted some of the Amarar to Islam. Further than this there is little to substantiate their claim.
See "Anglo-Egyptian Sudan", edited by Count Gleichen (London; 1905); Sir F. R. Wingate, "Mahdism and the Egyptian Sudan" (London, 1891); A. H. Keane, "Ethnology of Egyptian Sudan" (London, 1884).

</doc>
<doc id="2887179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887179" title="Me-Kwa-Mooks Park">
Me-Kwa-Mooks Park

Me-Kwa-Mooks Park is a public park located in the West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Me-Kwa-Mooks, meaning "shaped like a bear's head" and pronounced sbuh-KWAH-buks in Nisqually, was what the Duwamish tribe called the West Seattle peninsula when the first European-American settlers landed at Alki in 1851.
Today's Me-Kwa-Mooks Park is land that was acquired by the Parks Department in 1971. The site was originally the homestead of pioneers Ferdinand and Emma Schmitz. When all the Schmitz family died it became city land. 
In 1994 4th and 5th graders from Pathfinder K-8 School helped make Me-Kwa-Mooks a park. In 2009 Pathfinder moved to Cooper Elementary School, a 10 year old building on the other side of West Seattle, so they could no longer work on Me-Kwa-Mooks Park.
Me-Kwa-Mooks Park is across the street from the Emma Schmitz Memorial Overlook and immediately south of Me-Kwa-Mooks Natural Area. Picnic tables are set up on the lawn at the park entry (on Beach Dr. SW between SW Genesee and SW Oregon St.). Most of the park stretches up the hillside and extends north and farther south on land that is largely undeveloped. The dense trees provide habitat for many birds, including screech owls. 
Immediately across the street, below Emma Schmitz Memorial Overlook, is rocky beach that is accessible during low tide. The tidepools here are rich in limpets, lumpsuckers, blennies, chitons, nudibranches, sea stars, sea slugs, sea cucumbers, hermit crabs, and an array of other tidepool dwellers.

</doc>
<doc id="2887186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887186" title="Born to Fly">
Born to Fly

Born to Fly is a country music album by Sara Evans, released October 10, 2000. It is her highest-selling album to date, having earned 2× Platinum certification by the RIAA for U.S. sales of two million copies. The lead single, "Born to Fly," reached number one on January 19, 2001. The album was one of the most successful of the year. Evans was nominated for five CMA Awards: Album of the Year; song, single, and music video (for the title-track), and Female Vocalist of the Year. She won her first CMA award for music video of the year, "Born to Fly." The international version of the album includes a bonus track, "You", which was later released in North America as a bonus track on her 2005 album, "Real Fine Place".

</doc>
<doc id="2887188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887188" title="R. v. Storrey">
R. v. Storrey

R. v. Storrey 1 S.C.R. 241 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the authority of police officers to make an arrest. The Court added an additional requirement that, in addition to an officer's subjective belief that there are reasonable and probable grounds for arrest, the grounds must be justifiable from an objective point of view.
In his judgement, Cory J. stated:

</doc>
<doc id="2887189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887189" title="Liverpool Blitz">
Liverpool Blitz

The Liverpool Blitz was the heavy and sustained bombing of the British city of Liverpool and its surrounding area, at the time mostly within the counties of Lancashire and Cheshire but commonly known as Merseyside, during the Second World War by the German "Luftwaffe".
Liverpool was the most heavily bombed area of the country, outside of London, due to the city, along with Birkenhead, having the largest west coast port and its consequent importance to the British war effort. The government was concerned to hide from the Germans just how much damage had been inflicted upon the docks, so reports on the bombing were kept low-key. Around 4,000 people were killed in the Merseyside area during the Blitz. This death toll was second only to London, which suffered 30,000 deaths by the end of the war. 
Liverpool, Bootle and the Wallasey Pool were strategically very important locations during the Second World War. The large port on the River Mersey, on the North West coast of England, had for many years been the United Kingdom's main link with North America, and this would prove to be a key part in the British participation in the Battle of the Atlantic. As well as providing anchorage for naval ships from many nations, the Mersey's ports and dockers would handle over 90 per cent of all the war material brought into Britain from abroad with some 75 million tons passing through its of quays. Liverpool was the eastern end of a Transatlantic chain of supplies from North America, without which Britain could not have pursued the war.
Preparations for war.
The evacuation of children (Operation Pied Piper) at the start of the war, in September 1939, was a pre-emptive measure to save the population of urban or military areas from German aerial bombing. The evacuations were organised by Liverpool Corporation and though some children were transported to smaller towns nearby, many went to rural areas in North Wales and Cheshire.
Beginning of the blitz.
The first major air raid on Liverpool took place in August 1940, when 160 bombers attacked the city on the night of 28 August. 
This assault continued over the next three nights, then regularly for the rest of the year. There were 50 raids on the city during this three-month period. Some of these were minor, comprising a few aircraft, and lasting a few minutes, with others comprising up to 300 aircraft and lasting over ten hours. On 18 September, 22 inmates at Walton Gaol were killed when high-explosive bombs demolished a wing of the prison.
28 November saw a heavy raid on the city, and the most serious single incident, when a hit on an air-raid shelter in Durning Road caused 166 fatalities. 
The air assault in 1940 came to a peak with the Christmas blitz, a three-night bombardment towards the end of December.
The Christmas blitz.
A series of heavy raids took place in December 1940, referred to as the Christmas blitz, when 365 people were killed between 20 – 22 December. The raids saw several instances of direct hits on air raid shelters; on 20 December 42 people died when a shelter was hit, while another 40 died when a bomb struck railway arches on Bentinck Street, where local people were sheltering. On 21 December another hit on a shelter killed 74 people. 
The bombing decreased in severity after the New Year.
The May blitz.
May 1941 saw a renewal of the air assault on the region; a seven-night bombardment that devastated the city.
The first bomb landed upon Seacombe, Wallasey, Wirral, at 22:15 on 1 May. The peak of the bombing occurred from 1 – 7 May 1941. It involved 681 Luftwaffe bombers; 2,315 high explosive bombs and 119 other explosives such as incendiaries were dropped. The raids put 69 out of 144 cargo berths out of action and inflicted 2,895 casualties and left many more homeless. 
Liverpool Cathedral was hit by a high explosive bomb which pierced the roof of the south-east transept before being deflected by an inner brick wall and exploding mid-air, damaging many stained glass windows. Another landed on the front steps without exploding but incendiaries destroyed equipment in the contractor's yard at the west end.
One incident on 3 May involved the "SS Malakand", a ship carrying munitions which was berthed in the Huskisson Dock. Although its eventual explosion is often attributed to a burning barrage balloon, this fire was put out. However flames from dock sheds that had been bombed spread to the Malakand, and this fire could not be contained. Despite valiant efforts by the fire brigade to extinguish the flames, they spread to the ship's cargo of 1,000 tons of bombs, which exploded a few hours after raid had ended. The entire Huskisson No. 2 dock and the surrounding quays were destroyed and four people were killed. The explosion was so violent that some pieces of the ship's hull plating were blasted into a park over away. It took seventy-four hours for the fire to burn out. 
Bootle, to the north of the city, suffered heavy damage and loss of life. Over 6,500 homes in Liverpool were completely demolished by aerial bombing and a further 190,000 damaged.
The Times on 5 May 1941, carried the following report:" The Germans stated that Saturday night's attack on Liverpool was one of the heaviest ever made by their air force on Britain. Several hundred bombers had been used, visibility was good and docks and industrial works, storehouses and business centres, had been hit. In addition to many smaller fires, one conflagration, it was claimed, was greater than any hitherto observed during a night attack."
End of the blitz.
After the raids in May 1941, the German air assault diminished, as Hitler's attention turned towards attacking the Soviet Union. 
The last German air raid on Liverpool took place on 10 January 1942, destroying several houses on Upper Stanhope Street. By a quirk of fate one of the houses destroyed was number 102, which had been the home of Alois Hitler Jr., half brother of Adolf Hitler and the birthplace of Hitler's nephew, William Patrick Hitler. The house was never rebuilt and the whole site was eventually cleared of housing and grassed over.
By the end German bombs had killed 2,716 people in Liverpool, 442 people in Birkenhead, 409 people in Bootle and 332 people in Wallasey.
Aftermath.
Today one of the most vivid symbols of the Liverpool Blitz is the burnt outer shell of St Luke's Church, located in the city centre, which was destroyed by an incendiary bomb on 5 May 1941. The church was gutted during the firebombing but remained standing and, in its prominent position in the city, was a stark reminder of what Liverpool and the surrounding area had endured. It eventually became a garden of remembrance to commemorate the thousands of local men, women and children who died as a result of the bombing of their city and region. Other architectural casualties of the Blitz included the Custom House, Bluecoat Chambers, and Liverpool Museum. However, many buildings were restored after the War, while the Custom House was controversially demolished.
Those dark days had also been illuminated, too, by bright flashes of heroism. Heroism such as was displayed by a group of ten LMS railwaymen who, heedlessly, took their lives into their hands when, on the night of 3 May, an ammunition train in a siding at Clubmoor was set alight. A 34-year-old goods guard, George Roberts, was later awarded the George Medal in recognition of the leading part which he played in this heroic mass life-saving affair. All along the train wagons were exploding, but the men calmly uncoupled the rear section before the flames had spread to it and shunted it out of danger. 34-year-old John Guinan, though officially off duty, rushed from his home in nearby Witton Road to the scene of the disaster, and continued uncoupling wagons despite repeated and violent explosions. Signalman Peter Stringer also displayed remarkable courage for, after being blown from his signal-box, he grimly returned to his post to continue with the dangerous and complicated job of shunting.
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in May 1941 said after visiting Liverpool and the surrounding area, 
"I see the damage done by the enemy attacks, but I also see ... the spirit of an unconquered people." 

</doc>
<doc id="2887195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887195" title="One Wonderful Day (Desperate Housewives)">
One Wonderful Day (Desperate Housewives)

"One Wonderful Day" is the 23rd episode and first season finale of the American comedy-drama television series "Desperate Housewives". It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC (American Broadcasting Company) on May 22, 2005. The episode was directed by Larry Shaw and written by John Pardee, Joey Murphy, series creator Marc Cherry, Tom Spezialy, and Kevin Murphy.
In the episode, the mystery surrounding the suicide of series narrator Mary Alice Young (Brenda Strong) is resolved. Carlos (Ricardo Antonio Chavira) finally discovers the truth about Gabrielle's (Eva Longoria) affair while Bree (Marcia Cross) learns that her husband has died. Meanwhile, Zach (Cody Kasch) holds Susan (Teri Hatcher) hostage and Tom (Doug Savant) forces Lynette (Felicity Huffman) to go back to work.
According to Nielsen ratings, the episode drew over 30 million viewers upon its initial broadcasting in the United States, becoming the most-watched program of the night across all networks, as well as the highest-rated episode of "Desperate Housewives". The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics, most of whom complimented the writers for wrapping up the season's major story arcs. However, Ann Hodgman of "Entertainment Weekly" criticized the episode for being predictable and spending too much time on the Mary Alice storyline. In 2009, "TV Guide" listed "One Wonderful Day" as the 55th best television episode of all-time.
Plot.
Background.
"Desperate Housewives" focuses on the lives of several residents of Wisteria Lane and primarily on the friends of Mary Alice Young (Brenda Strong), whose suicide in the first episode serves as the subject of the season's mystery. In previous episodes, Paul (Mark Moses) avenges his wife's suicide by killing their neighbor and her blackmailer, Martha Huber (Christine Estabrook); As a result, Martha's sister, Felicia Tilman (Harriet Sansom Harris) asks Mike Delfino (James Denton) to kill Paul. Additionally, Mike investigates the years-long disappearance of his girlfriend, Deirdre Taylor (Jolie Jenkins), whom he suspects Paul murdered.
Elsewhere, Gabrielle Solis (Eva Longoria) discovers she is pregnant, but is unsure if the father of her child is her husband, Carlos Solis (Ricardo Antonio Chavira), or her lover and former gardener, John Rowland (Jesse Metcalfe). Carlos is charged with a hate crime for attacking two gay men whom he suspected are sleeping with his wife. Bree and Rex's (Steven Culp) marriage continues to deteriorate and Rex suffers a second heart attack. Tom Scavo (Doug Savant) quits his job after learning that his wife, Lynette (Felicity Huffman), sabotaged his promotion for the sake of their family and Susan Mayer (Teri Hatcher) and Mike decide to move in together.
Episode.
Felicia takes in Paul's son, Zach (Cody Kasch), informing him that Paul will not be returning. Zach violently attacks Felicia, forcing her to reveal that Mike has taken Paul away to kill him. Later that day, Susan goes to Mike's house to feed his dog and discovers Zach waiting with a gun. He holds Susan hostage and explains his plan to kill Mike when he returns home. Meanwhile, Mike takes Paul to a desert and coerces him into explaining the truth behind Dierdre's death. Paul explains that twelve years earlier, Dierdre, a drug addict, sold Mary Alice and Paul her baby. The couple relocate to Wisteria Lane to avoid the discovery of their crime. Sometime later, a sober Dierdre finally tracked down the Young family and attempted to take her son back. Mary Alice stabbed and killed Dierdre to prevent her from taking Zach. Together, Mary Alice and Paul buried Dierdre's body beneath their pool. 
Rex learns that he will have to undergo surgery following his heart attack. Before the operation, Rex's doctor suggests that Bree may have been poisoning him, citing their marital issues as a possible motive. Rex writes a note informing Bree that he understands and forgives her and dies soon after. During Carlos's trial, John informs Carlos that he had been having an affair with Gabrielle, sending Carlos into a violent outburst in the courthouse. Elsewhere, Lynette learns that Tom has quit his job as a result of Lynette's betrayal. He then decides that she will go back to work and he will be a stay-at-home father.
Production.
"One Wonderful Day" was directed by Larry Shaw and written by John Pardee, Joey Murphy, series creator Marc Cherry, Tom Spezialy, and Kevin Murphy. It was filmed in April 2005. The writers were still working on the script when filming began; as a result, the ending narration was written based on the visuals that had been filmed. The episode focused largely on the conclusion of the Mary Alice mystery storyline. Cherry had wanted there to be a "definite end" to the mystery, hoping to avoid similar viewer fatigue that "Twin Peaks" suffered after drawing out its central mystery past its first season. The storyline relied on two flashback sequences, which featured Jolie Jenkins as Dierdre Taylor. Though "One Wonderful Day" was her first on-screen appearance in the series, Jenkins was cast in the role in the fall of 2004, as scenes earlier in the season required photographs of the Dierdre character. Because no material had been written for the character at the time, Jenkins did not have to audition for the role. ABC executives initially protested the writers' decision to have Mary Alice purposefully kill Dierdre, prompting the writers to make Dierdre violent in order to justify Mary Alice's actions. The writers struggled with whether or not to include a gunshot at the end of the episode when Mike returns to his house where Zach is holding Susan hostage. Ultimately, Spezialy convinced the other writers not to include it.
"One Wonderful Day" also introduced the second-season mystery surrounding Betty Applewhite (Alfre Woodard) and Matthew Applewhite (Mehcad Brooks). Cherry revealed, "they come on the street; they seem like nice people — but they've got a secret. And it's pretty gothic. It's real and human and awful all at the same time." Another scene featuring the Applewhite family, in which Betty brings food to a prisoner in their basement, was cut from this episode but was used in the second season premiere, "Next". Cherry's inspiration for the Lynette storyline came from his own childhood experience when his mother returned to work. He commented: "The predicament of any working woman is that you can love your career, but there is something ... to be said for getting to stay home every day with your kids, and you don't want anyone else to be better at it than you are. Felicity Huffman expressed satisfaction with how her storyline was handled, explaining that Lynette "didn't deal with potential promotion in the most straightforward way, but she was fighting for her family. They were noble motives." While discussing the courtroom scene in which Carlos attacks John, Ricardo Antonio Chavira commented: "People can see the full rage that is in my character. I'm yelling at him, 'I'm gonna kill you' ... Then I broke into Spanish: ""Yo voy a matar!"" ... I just went for it ... Then I looked, and Jesse had the most honest look of sheer terror. I think I scared the living shit out of him."
The scene in which Susan, Lynette, and Gabrielle comfort Bree at the hospital was the last scene of the season involving the four principal characters. Teri Hatcher commented: "It was a heavy scene. There was a very genuine and deeply felt recognition that all four of us together as a team appreciated the ride we'd had this season and were grateful that we'd survived it together." An extension of the scene, in which the women discuss Susan's discovery of Martha Huber's journal, was cut for time, though it was aired on "Good Morning America" on May 23, 2005, one day after the episode's broadcast, and was included on the first season DVD set. The death of one housewife's husband was confirmed prior to the episode's broadcast. Steven Culp was not surprised when his character was killed off, stating "I had a sneaking suspicion someone was going to go." Producer and writer Kevin Murphy explained the reasoning for killing off the Rex character: "As we neared the end of season 1, our plan was that each woman would enter a new life chapter. Gabrielle would learn to function without Carlos, Susan and Mike would build their relationship, Lynette would go back to work, and Bree would become a single woman. We either had to have Rex divorce her or die." Cherry named the scene in which Bree finishes her spring cleaning before mourning the death of her husband as one of his top three favorites of the season, stating: "It was one of the favorite things I wrote because it was so true to her character. She had to finish the cleaning she started, and she comes in and everything’s perfect." A scene between Gabrielle and John was also cut for time.
Reception.
Ratings.
According to ABC, "One Wonderful Day" drew 30.620 million viewers. According to Nielsen ratings, the episode scored a 13.2 rating among viewers 18 to 49 years of age, a 28.2 percent increase from the season's average rating of 10.3 in the demographic. It was the most-watched program of the night across all networks, outperforming repeat episodes of "CSI" and "Crossing Jordan" on CBS and NBC, respectively, as well as Fox's broadcast of "". The episode was the third most-watch program of the week across all networks and one of only three programs to surpass 30 million viewers. It was also the most-watched season finale for a freshman series since "ER" ten years earlier.
Critical reception.
"Entertainment Weekly" Dalton Ross named the episode as one of the season's best, commending the fact that "most of the main questions were actually answered," unlike the season finale of "Lost". He praised the Bree storyline as well as the conclusion to the Mary Alice mystery, calling it "both shocking and satisfying." Gael Fashingbauer Cooper of "MSNBC" also compared the episode to the "Lost" season finale, writing: "'Desperate Housewives' is willing to answer some of its mysterious questions and give readers a little bit of closure. 'Lost,' heading into its own two-hour finale this Wednesday, is still dangling a dozen carrots in front of impatient viewers." Cooper felt that the episode was a satisfying conclusion to the season opining that "by allowing some of its plots to remain tantalizing mysteries, yet offering up the satisfaction of explaining others, 'Desperate Housewives' has smartly set things up for its audience to return for its new season next fall." Frazier Moore of "USA Today" called the finale "a smashing close" to the first season. Moore expressed interest in how the cliffhangers would be resolved, as well as in the Betty Applewhite character. He also theorized that Rex's death was a ruse, writing: "Reminder: The audience saw no death scene and no body. When has "Desperate Housewives" exercised restraint without an ulterior motive?" 
Ann Hodgman of "Entertainment Weekly" was negative in her review and dismissed the episode for feeling "like a plateful of warmed-up leftovers." Hodgman criticized the writers' decision to devoting too much of the episode to the Mary Alice storyline rather than focusing on the other characters. She wrote that Rex's death did not come as a surprise, noting: "Just as a TV or movie cop is inevitably shot after he announces that he's about to retire, we know it's over for Rex the minute Bree rests her head on his feeble chest and promises him he'll make it." Hodgman stated that her interest in the Gabrielle and Carlos storyline was ruined by John telling Carlos about the affair rather than Carlos discovering it himself. She also declared that the Lynette storyline was "wrapped up almost as perfunctorily, or maybe it only seems that way because it's long been so obvious that they were heading toward one of those folktales where the husband and wife switch places." Hodgman concluded by saying the fates of Susan and Mike are predictable, as the characters are too important to be killed off. In 2009, "TV Guide" ranked the episode #55 on its list of "100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time". The Futon Critic ranked the episode as the 19th best television episode of 2005, calling it "note-perfect."

</doc>
<doc id="2887199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887199" title="Monsieur Beaucaire (1924 film)">
Monsieur Beaucaire (1924 film)

Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1924 silent film drama based on the Booth Tarkington novel of the same name. Filmed at Paramount Studios in New York City, it was produced and directed by Sidney Olcott and starred Rudolph Valentino.
Plot.
The Duke of Chartres is in love with Princess Henriette, but she seemingly wants nothing to do with him. Eventually he grows tired of her insults and flees to England when Louis XV insists that the two marry. He goes undercover as Monsieur Beaucaire, the barber of the French Ambassador, and finds that he enjoys the freedom of a commoner’s life. After catching the Duke of Winterset cheating at cards, he forces him to introduce him as a nobleman to Lady Mary, with whom he has become infatuated. When Lady Mary is led to believe that the Duke of Chartres is merely a barber she loses interest in him. She eventually learns that he is a nobleman after all and tries to win him back, but the Duke of Chartres opts to return to France and Princess Henriette who now returns his affection.
Reception.
"Monsieur Beaucaire" was part of a series of box office and critical disappointments that plagued Valentino mid-career. Although the film did fairly well in big cities, it flopped in smaller locales, and could not exceed the expensive budget Olcott put into the film's production. Historians Kevin Brownlow and John Kobal suggested that the film's shortcomings stemmed more from Olcott's "pedestrian" direction.
Many viewers and critics, perhaps expecting the more virile Valentino of his earlier films, felt that his onscreen persona with its heavy makeup, frilled attire and arch mannerisms (particularly in the first half) was overly feminized in "Monsieur Beaucaire": a somewhat unfair accusation considering that much of the film satirizes the excesses of the court of Louis XV. Much of the blame for the film's alleged shortcomings was assigned to Valentino's wife Natacha Rambova who was felt by many of Valentino's colleagues to have had an undue influence on the costumes, set and direction of the film. Alicia Annas wrote that audiences were most likely alienated by the general design of the film which, while historically accurate, was not tailored to 1920s American film-goers' tastes.
The hallmark of the film today, depending on what print is viewed, is Harry Fischbeck's sumptuous photography. The print at the Library of Congress is probably the finest remaining example of the film. The Stan Laurel parody "Monsieur Don't Care" (1924) reflected the general public attitude towards "Monsieur Beaucaire".
Other film versions.
The novel "Monsieur Beaucaire" was adapted into a musical film, "Monte Carlo" (1930), directed by Ernst Lubitsch. The story was filmed again as a comedy, directed by George Marshall and starring Bob Hope and Joan Caulfield, also called "Monsieur Beaucaire" (1946).

</doc>
<doc id="2887200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887200" title="Ambigu">
Ambigu

Ambigu is a French card game, composed of the characteristic elements of whist, bouillotte and piquet. A whist pack with the court cards deleted is used, and from two to six persons may play. Each player is given an equal number of counters, and a limit of betting is agreed upon. 
Gameplay.
Two cards are dealt, one at a time, to each player, after each has placed two counters in a pool. Each player then either keeps his hand, saying "Enough," or takes one or two new cards from the top of the stock; after which the stock is reshuffled and cut, and each player receives two more cards, one at a time. 
The players then either "play" or "pass." If a person "plays," he bets a number of counters and the others may equal this bet or raise it. Should no player meet the first bet, the bettor takes back his bet, leaving the pool intact, and receives two counters from the last player who refuses to play. When two or more bet the same number, they again draw cards and " pass " or "play" as before. If all "pass," each pays a counter to the pool and a new deal ensues. The player betting more than the others call wins the pool. He then exposes his hand and is paid by each adversary according to its value. 
The hands rank as follows: "Point," the number of pips on two or more cards of a suit (one counter). "Prime," four cards of different suits (two counters). "Grand Prime," the same with the number of pips over 30 (three counters). "Sequence," a hand containing three cards of the same suit in sequence (three counters). "Tricon," three of a kind (four counters). "Flush," four cards of the same suit (five counters). "Doublet," a hand containing two counting combinations at once, as 2, 3, 4 and 7 of spades, amounting to both a "sequence" and a "flush" (eight counters). "Fredon," four of a kind (the highest possible hand), ten or eleven counters, according to the number of pips. Ties are decided by the number of pips.

</doc>
<doc id="2887204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887204" title="History (The Verve song)">
History (The Verve song)

"History" is a song by English rock band The Verve, and is featured on their second album, "A Northern Soul". It was released 18 September 1995 as the third and final single from the album, charting at #24 in the UK Singles Chart (see 1995 in British music). The song is notable for being released after the band's sudden first break up (the sign on the CD1 cover reads 'all farewells should be sudden').
Composition and lyrics.
The song begins with a string intro that is very similar to the intro of "Mind Games" by John Lennon. This was the first song by the band to feature strings (a formula that would later be used for several "Urban Hymns" singles). The opening lyrics of the song are based on the first two stanzas of William Blake's poem, "London". The song is quite melancholic, with "Melody Maker" describing it as "an epic, windswept symphony of strings, flailing vocals and staggeringly bitter sentiments". It has been claimed the song was written about Ashcroft's split with his girlfriend, although Ashcroft denied this.
The clapping featured on History was performed by Liam Gallagher.
There was no original music video filmed for the single, probably because the band had already split when the single was released. Instead an official compilation of clips from The Verve's previous music videos was created by Ashcroft.

</doc>
<doc id="2887212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887212" title="Hydroxysultaine">
Hydroxysultaine

Hydroxysultaines are zwitterionic (typically covalently linked positive and negative ions). They find their main use in high-foaming shampoos, bath products and shower gels especially in conjunction with ether sulfates and alkyl sulfates. They are also used in industrial applications where high, stable foam is required. Hydroxysultaines are also compatible with cationic surfactants and are stable over a wide pH range in soft or hard water. In addition to being used as a surfactant, hydroxysultaines are often used as antistatic agents.
Sources.
Common Uses of Hydroxysultaines

</doc>
<doc id="2887225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887225" title="Frog-Man">
Frog-Man

Frog-Man (Eugene Patilio) is a minor comedic superhero created by writer J. M. DeMatteis and artist Kerry Gammill for Marvel Comics. His first appearance was in "Marvel Team-Up" #121.
Fictional character biography.
Eugene Patillo was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Vincent Patillo, the minor Daredevil supervillain Leap-Frog. After several defeats by Daredevil, Iron Man, and Spider-Man, which eventually landed him in jail, Vincent eventually decided to retire and go straight.
His son, Eugene, donned his father's costume as Fabulous Frog-Man in an attempt to be a crime-fighter to clear his father's name. However, his crime-fighting career became essentially a joke. His two major enemy villains are the White Rabbit, a comedic villainess inspired by the "Alice in Wonderland" character, and the Walrus, a dimwitted character who essentially had the proportionate abilities of a walrus (tough skin and super-strength, though well below Spider-Man's class).
Frog-Man had a tendency to capture villains simply by dumb luck. Eugene's inability to fully pilot his automated Frog-Man costume caused him to wildly bounce around, scoring sure wins against villains by crashing into them. This questionable method of fighting supervillains accounts for his luck in dealing with the Yellow Claw, and Speed Demon. (Captain America assisted in the battle against the Claw.) Both villains were later contacted by the White Rabbit with proposals for an alliance against him; she later complained to Walrus that both men laughed her off as soon as they heard her codename. When Rabbit and Walrus went on a rampage shortly after that revelation, they not only lured Eugene to them, as the Rabbit had hoped, but also his father and Spider-Man (who was visiting the Patillos) and suffered another crushing defeat, with Eugene clumsily bouncing into the Rabbit once again.
He also participated, along with Spider-Kid and The Toad, in a short-lived super-team called the Misfits.
Vincent Patilio was very proud of his son, yet at the same time very worried about him risking his life. He even prevented his son from joining the Defenders, even when it meant publicly humiliating him by literally dragging him home in front of the team and the media.
When Alyosha Kraven, the son of Kraven the Hunter began collecting a zoo of animal-themed superhumans, Frog-Man was amongst his captives.
The Initiative.
Eugene Patillo as Frog-Man was later recruited by the US government as part of the Fifty-State- program, as a member of the Kentucky based team, Action Pack. In "Secret Invasion", he was revealed to be a Skrull infiltrator.
After the invasion is over, the real Frog-Man is shown in a support group meeting with the others that had been replaced by Skrulls.
Frog-Man reappears in "Fear Itself", in the mini-series, "Fear Itself: Youth in Revolt". He appears at a meeting held by Prodigy regarding magical hammers that have crashed into the earth. He is a part of Gravity's team and helps battle Crossbones.
During the "Spider-Island" storyline, Frog-Man witnesses terrorists with spider powers attacking the United Nations and springs into action, teaming up with Ms. Marvel, Hawkeye, and Jessica Jones against a Spider-empowered Flag-Smasher.
Powers and abilities.
Frog-Man's suit contains electrical coils on the soles of its flippers which allows him to leap great distances. The boots' power source is worn on his back like a back pack. In addition, internal padding of the suit enables Frog-Man to bounce off objects with little danger.

</doc>
<doc id="2887229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887229" title="Marvin Makinen">
Marvin Makinen

Marvin William Makinen (born August 19, 1939) has been a member of the faculty at The University of Chicago since 1974 and is a founding member of the Human Rights Board at The University of Chicago.
Education.
Born in Chassell, Michigan, Makinen earned a B.A. at the University of Pennsylvania in 1961, an M.D. at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in 1968, and a D. Phil. at the University of Oxford in 1976. He is presently Professor in the Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology and has served as chairman of the department from 1988 to 1993. His primary research interests in molecular biophysics and biochemistry are in mechanisms of enzymes and the structural basis of enzyme action.
Makinen completed the fourth year of his undergraduate education at the Free University of Berlin as an exchange student from the University of Pennsylvania.
Imprisonment.
Traveling in the Soviet Union, Makinen was arrested for espionage and was sentenced to eight years of imprisonment by a closed military tribunal. Of the slightly more than two years that he spent in the Vladimir Prison, a total of approximately 12 months was spent in solitary confinement.
He was afterwards transferred to a labor camp in the Mordovian ASSR and was later exchanged (together with Rev. Walter Ciszek, S. J.) for two Soviet spies. In the Vladimir Prison one of Makinen's cellmates was Zygurds Kruminsh, who had been previously the only cellmate of the U-2 pilot Gary Powers. While Kruminsh had admitted to only having met a Swedish prisoner, later in labor camp Makinen learned through another former inmate of the Vladimir Prison that Kruminsh had also been a cellmate of "the Swedish prisoner van den Berg."
Raoul Wallenberg.
Since 1990 Professor Makinen has worked on three international committees as a consultant to the Swedish Foreign Ministry regarding the fate of Raoul Wallenberg, who, sent to Budapest as a diplomat in July, 1944, is credited with having saved tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews from annihilation. He was arrested on January 17, 1945, by SMERSH through an order from the Deputy Minister of Defense Bulganin and brought to Moscow. The Soviet Ministry of Foreign Affairs acknowledged for the first time in 1957 that Raoul Wallenberg had been in captivity in the Soviet Union but claimed that he had died in 1947. Nonetheless, there has been a constant stream of reports from former prisoners-of-war and inmates of the Soviet prison system attesting to his presence in Soviet prisons, labor camps, or psychiatric hospitals up to the 1980s. A large portion of these reports emanated from the Vladimir Prison located approximately 200 kilometers east of Moscow.
In the course of his work in 1993, Makinen uncovered two retired employees of the prison who identified Raoul Wallenberg from unpublished photographs as having been in the Vladimir Prison. Varvara Ivanova Larina, one of the two retired employees had worked in Korpus 2 of the Vladimir Prison (Korpus is the Russian word for building) for several decades and remembered the prisoner because, as she explained, he incessantly complained about everything, including the soup ration that was always cold by the time she was able to deliver it to him. Finally the head guard ordered Larina to deliver food rations to this prisoner first. (Such an order indicated to Makinen that this was a prisoner under special treatment. Ordinary prisoners would have been sent to the punishment cell for such actions.) The order by the head guard required Larina to climb the stairs to the third floor first for every meal, get his soup bowl and plate, go back to the first floor, dole out the food rations, and then deliver the rations to him by climbing the stairs again. This changed her work schedule in a substantial manner and provided the reason that she could still recall this prisoner after many years had passed. She remembered that this prisoner was in solitary confinement in a cell opposite to that in which a prisoner by the name of Osmak died. Inspection of the prison records later showed that Osmak, Kirill Ivanovich, died on May 16, 1960. With Ari Kaplan, a leading database computer expert, Makinen carried out a cell occupancy analysis of Korpus 2. The results of the analysis showed that records identifying the occupant of the cell opposite Osmak's cell had been removed from the prison archives. Makinen concluded that the absence of the documents meant that Soviet authorities had wanted to conceal the identity of the prisoner in solitary confinement.
Personal life.
Makinen is currently married, has two children, and became a grandfather in 2008. Since 2009 he has served as President of the Independent Investigation into Raoul Wallenberg's Fate, Inc. (www.raoulsfate.org), a tax-exempt organization dedicated to uncovering the truth behind Raoul Wallenberg's arrest by Soviet authorities and his fate as a prisoner in the Soviet Union and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="2887245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887245" title="Northacres Park (Seattle)">
Northacres Park (Seattle)

Northacres Park is a public park located in the Haller Lake neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, at the corner of Interstate 5 and N.E. 130th Street. It incorporates a large forested area with trails, a picnic area, a baseball diamond and soccer field, and an off-leash dog area. The park's playground and wading pool were remodeled and reopened in 2012. They now include two play areas with new equipment for children of different ages as well as a spray park.

</doc>
<doc id="2887247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887247" title="Amis et Amiles">
Amis et Amiles

Amis et Amiles is an old French romance based on a widespread legend of friendship and sacrifice. In its earlier and simpler form it is the story of two friends, one of whom, Amis, was sick with leprosy because he had committed perjury to save his friend. A vision informed him that he could only be cured by bathing in the blood of Amiles's children. When Amiles learnt this he killed the children, who were, however, miraculously restored to life after the cure of Amis. 
The tale found its way into French literature through the medium of Latin, as the names Amicus and Amelius indicate, and was eventually attached to the Carolingian cycle in the 12th-century chanson de geste of Amis et Amiles. This poem is written in decasyllabic assonanced verse, each stanza being terminated by a short line. It belongs to the heroic period of French epic, containing some passages of great beauty, notably the episode of the slaying of the children, and maintains a high level of poetry throughout. 
Plot.
Amis has married Lubias and become count of Blaives (Blaye), while Amiles has become seneschal at the court of Charlemagne, and is seduced by the emperor's daughter, Bellisant. The lovers are betrayed, and Amiles is unable to find the necessary supporters to enable him to clear himself by the ordeal of single combat, and fears, moreover, to fight in a false cause. He is granted a reprieve, and goes in search of Amis, who engages to personate him in the combat. He thus saves his friend, but in so doing perjures himself. Then follows the leprosy of Amis, and, after a lapse of years, his discovery of Amiles and cure. There are obvious reminiscences in this story of Damon and Pythias, and of the classical instances of sacrifice at the divine command. The legend of Amis and Amiles occurs in many forms with slight variations, the names and positions of the friends being sometimes reversed. The crown of martyrdom was not lacking, for Amis and Amiles were slain by Ogier the Dane at Novara on their way home from a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. 
"Jourdain de Blaives", a chanson de geste which partly reproduces the story of Apollonius of Tyre, was attached to the geste of Amis by making Jourdain his grandson.
Versions.
The versions of "Amis and Amiles" include:
Motifs.
The basic plot of the story is found in many fairy tales including "In Love with a Statue", "Trusty John", and "How to find out a True Friend".

</doc>
<doc id="2887256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887256" title="Stuart Buchanan">
Stuart Buchanan

Stuart Buchanan (March 18, 1894 – February 4, 1974) was the voice actor of Humbert the Huntsman in the 1937 Disney animated film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". He also made a cameo voiceover role as a flight attendant in "Saludos Amigos" (1942).

</doc>
<doc id="2887263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887263" title="Amphiprostyle">
Amphiprostyle

In classical architecture, Amphiprostyle denotes a temple with a portico both at the front and the rear. The number of columns never exceeded four in the front and four in the rear. The best-known example is the tetrastyle small Temple of Athena Nike at Athens.
See also the Temple of Venus and Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="2887272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887272" title="Ampliative">
Ampliative

Ampliative (from Latin "ampliare", "to enlarge"), a term used mainly in logic, meaning "extending" or "adding to that which is already known."
In Norman law, an "ampliation" was a postponement of a sentence in order to obtain further evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="2887273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887273" title="Scioto Ordnance Plant">
Scioto Ordnance Plant

The Scioto Ordnance Plant (SOP) was an ammunitions and bomb making facility built in Marion County, Ohio by the United States Army in 1942. The plant operated until 1945 when production wound down. Also built adjacent was the Marion Engineering Depot which was authorized in the summer of 1942. Land for the plant was taken in Grand Prairie, Scott, Clairdon and Marion Townships in an area covering .
Families who owned property within the zone identified for the facility were notified March 2, 1942 that they had to vacate their land by May 1, 1942. Not only did this mean that the displaced had to find a place to live in the midst of a housing and fuel shortage, but it also meant moving and/or selling livestock and agricultural equipment. Federal contractors began removing field fencing in April 1942. While land owners received a "fair" valuation for their property, relocation expenses were not paid. Several property owners claimed that they never received any compensation from the government.
After May 1, 1942, most of the farmsteads located inside the perimeter were leveled; underground bunkers and production buildings were built in clusters throughout the SOP site. By June 1942 SOP was employing 2,900 employees, many of who moved north from Southern Ohio and Kentucky for the high paying wages offered.
Once in operation, the plant (under the operation of U.S. Rubber) produced fuses and boosters, 20 mm bullets, 50 caliber bullets, 50 caliber artillery shells, 65 mm shells and 75 mm shells. Incendiary bombs and napalm barrel bombs, similar to those used on Dresden by Allied forces were also produced at the site. Munitions containers served duel duty by carrying SOP products overseas, and then doubling as coffins for those killed in action.
German Prisoners of War were housed on the site (in an area referred to as “Camp Marion”) beginning in December 1944.
Post-war problems.
Following the end of the war, land taken for SOP was resold to civilians. Some local farmers who had lost their land returned to the area. A housing development - Grandview - was built over the magazine area of the former plant.
In 1949, Uranium handling was planned for the site, with the contract going to Monsanto Company. However production at the facility never began in earnest.
In 2000 it was revealed that students attending River Valley High School (Caledonia, Ohio), built on land formerly occupied by the Marion Engineering Depot, had higher than usual instances leukemia. Tests performed on the site by the Ohio EPA and the United States Army Corps of Engineers proved inconclusive. A private consultant hired by a parents organization found evidence of toxic chemical waste on the River Valley site dating back to the 1940s. As a result these findings, and because of Ohio EPA problems with investigation, River Valley pursued building a new school campus and eventually abandoned the Engineering Depot Site.
Today, most of the buildings have been demolished, or are being used by the private farmers who now own the land. A few buildings are visible today, and can be seen from New Road (which runs north-south parallel to Pole Lane Rd). During the 1990s, at the height of the investigation into the health issues which many residents attributed to the ordinance plant, there were rows and rows of 50 gallon drums sealed and seemingly ready for disposal located in a field a few hundred yards west of New Road. Most assumed this was waste that the Army Corps of Engineers had collected and planned to dispose of. The chapel for the base still exists, although it is unused. It is located at the corner of Pole Lane Rd and Likens Rd. At one point it was inhabited as a residence, but has been unused and abandoned for many years. In the neighborhood of Grandview, which is north from the chapel and west off of Pole Lane Rd, there are still remnants of the plant. In some of the undeveloped areas of the neighborhood in the woods, you can still find large flat overgrown slabs of concrete platforms, large concrete sidewalks, all of which now are on private property. This can also be seen in the fields west of Pole Lane Rd. There are concrete roads which were most likely used for vehicles. The Marion International Airport is also located on Pole Lane Rd. For years many pilots had reported that during the winter as they flew over the area they could see a large square patch of land where the snow would melt in an exact square, while the rest of the land surrounded it remained covered in snow. It was later discovered that this area of land was where the Army had dug and buried chemicals used in ammunition production (phosphorus etc.), and as the chemicals mixed with the oxygen in the ground it would melt the snow that settled on it. Directly across the street from the church at Pole Land and Likens is a crumbled concrete platform. It is roughly 12' square, and all that is left is about 2' high of concrete and several pieces of steel rusted re-bar. This structure was originally a guard tower used for observation when German prisoners were held at the camp. During the 1940s, many of the German prisoners were used as labor in the city of Marion. Local residents who were alive at the time can recall the prisoners being used for painting, maintenance, collecting trash, building improvements, etc. Although they were POW's, they were treated well and fairly by the Army.
Most of the physical history of this area of Marion is gone, except for the church, a few buildings, and the Marion Depot located on Rt 309, which still houses an Army station and a train loading-unloading station (the Army reserve HQ previously located at the corner of Pole Lane Rd and Rt 309 has subsequently closed also). The memories of the history of this area still live strong considering this has been a part of history in Marion Ohio for nearly 70 years.
References.
Mosher, Charles D., Mosher, Delpha Ruth. "The Scioto Ordnance Plant and the marion Engineering Depot of Marion, Ohio, A Profile After Forty years." Published by Authors with Assistance from the Marion County Historical Society. 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2887274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2887274" title="Rory Jennings">
Rory Jennings

Early life.
He has been acting since the age of ten. As a child actor he trained at the Sylvia Young Theatre School; he took a complete break from acting in 2001 to study Politics at the University of Liverpool.
Career.
Since his graduation in 2004, he has been acting regularly on screen, radio and in theatre, often in roles far below his actual age due to his youthful appearance.
Theatre.
His theatre credits include: "Transgression" (National Theatre), "Gong Donkeys" (Bush Theatre) and "Heaven Eyes" (Edinburgh Festival).
Television.
Jennings' drama credits includes: "Urban Gothic" (Urban Gothic Prods), "Randall & Hopkirk (Deceased)" (Ghost Productions), "The Wings of Angels" (BBC), "The Affair" (Anglia/HBO), "Watch" (Spelthorne Prod/BBC), "Casualty" (BBC), "The Fast Show" (BBC), "Tom's Midnight Garden" (BBC), "All About George" (Network|ITV]), "Brief Encounters" (BBC), "Jericho" (ITV), "Doctor Who" ("The Idiot Lantern") and "The Good Housekeeping Guide" (BBC). Eastenders (BBC), The Bill (ITV) and in September 2008, he appears in "Harry and Paul" (BBC).
Film.
Jennings' film credits include: "The People's Princess" (Parma Pictures), "Mary Shelley's Frankenstein" (Columbia Tristar) and "Fatherland" (HBO).
Commercials.
'The People's Post Office' advert for the Post Office, directed by Armando Iannucci.
Radio.
His radio and audio credits include: "Just Prose" (BBC Radio 3), "Feelings Under Siege" (BBC Northern Ireland) and "" (Big Finish Productions), in which he played the iconic "Doctor Who" villain Davros during his youth.
Music Video.
He appears as a teenage boy on a drug influenced trip in the Chemical Brothers' music video for "The Salmon Dance".

</doc>
