<doc id="2875868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875868" title="Stars of the Lid">
Stars of the Lid

Stars of the Lid is a drone-based ambient music duo, comprising Brian McBride and Adam Wiltzie. The duo formed in Austin, Texas in 1993 and they list among their influences minimalist and electronic composers such as Arvo Pärt, Zbigniew Preisner, Gavin Bryars, and Henryk Górecki, as well as Talk Talk, post-rock artists Labradford, and ambient innovator Brian Eno. Their compositions are largely beatless soundscapes, composed of droning, effects-treated guitars along with piano, strings, and horns; volume swells and feedback fill the gap of rhythmic instruments, providing dynamic movement. Their sound has been described as "divine, classical drone without the tedious intrusion of drums or vocals."
History.
Formed in Austin, Texas in 1993, SOTL is composed of two members: Brian McBride and Adam Wiltzie. McBride explained in an interview that the band's name refers to "your own personal cinema, located between your eye and eyelid", suggesting the colors and patterns one can see with closed eyes (either phosphenes or closed-eye hallucinations). They recorded their debut album "Music for Nitrous Oxide" throughout 1993 and 1994 with third musician Kirk Laktas, and released the album in 1995 on the Sedimental label. Laktas did not continue with the group, and the duo of McBride and Wiltzie steadily continued with "Gravitational Pull vs. the Desire for an Aquatic Life" in 1996, "The Ballasted Orchestra" in 1997, "Per Aspera Ad Astra" in 1998, and "Avec Laudenum" in 1999, as well as the limited edition EP "Maneuvering the Nocturnal Hum" and a split single with Windsor for the Derby, both in 1998. Stars of the Lid then released their first double album, "The Tired Sounds of Stars of the Lid", in late October 2001. Nearly six years later, the duo released their second double album "Stars of the Lid and Their Refinement of the Decline" in April 2007 to widespread critical acclaim. Stars of the Lid toured worldwide throughout 2007 and 2008 in support of the album; throughout their European tour, they were joined live by a string trio featuring Lucinda Chua of Felix on cello, Noura Sanatian on violin, and Ela Baruch on viola. Their North American line-up included Julia Kent on cello.
The duo have been active pursuing side-projects and solo releases since "And Their Refinement of the Decline"; however, a teaser trailer for a possible Stars of the Lid feature film has surfaced on the internet.
Solo and side-projects.
Brian McBride and Adam Wiltzie have both released solo material. McBride released his first solo album "When the Detail Lost Its Freedom" in November 2005, then released "The Effective Disconnect" in October 2010, which serves as a soundtrack to the documentary "Vanishing of the Bees", a film about colony collapse disorder. McBride teamed up with musician Kenneth James Gibson and began recording and releasing new music under the name Bell Gardens; their debut EP "Hangups Need Company" was released in May 2010, and the full-length album "Full Sundown Assembly" followed in January 2013. Wiltzie has released material under several aliases: The Dead Texan (with visual artist Christina Vantzou), Aix Em Klemm (with Robert Donne from Labradford), and A Winged Victory for the Sullen (with composer Dustin O'Halloran). Wiltzie currently lives in Brussels, Belgium, and McBride in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2875871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875871" title="Laelius">
Laelius

Laelius is a name that can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2875877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875877" title="Ole Gabriel Gabrielsen Ueland">
Ole Gabriel Gabrielsen Ueland

Ole Gabriel Ueland (28 October 1799 - 9 January 1870) was a Norwegian political leader and member of the Norwegian Parliament. Historians credit him with having popularized politics in Norway, paving the way for individuals of underprivileged backgrounds to rise to positions of political importance.
Ueland was born into a peasant family on the farm of Skaaland, in the parish of Lund, in the landscape of Dalane, on the southwest coast of Norway. The next oldest of four. Although his formal education had been limited to random local lessons, he had proven an unusual aptitude for learning and a voracious appetite for reading. When he was 17, he was asked to teach the children in the area. By 1827, he had by way of marriage acquired the farm Ueland, and was installed as the sexton in the local church in Heskestad in the municipality of Lund.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the rural constituency of "Stavanger Amt" (today named Rogaland). He remained a parliament member until 1869, having been re-elected thirteen times. He became the leader for the peasant and farmer's movement in politics and earned respect for his deliberate and wise political outlook.
Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson wrote of him:

</doc>
<doc id="2875902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875902" title="Walong">
Walong

Walong is a small cantonment and administrative town in the Anjaw District of the state of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India. Walong is also the easternmost town in India. Anjaw was carved out of Lohit District in 2004.
Geography.
Walong's approximate position is 28 degrees 06 minutes North, 97 degrees East. It lies on the west bank of the Lohit River (a tributary of the Brahmaputra), approximately 20 kilometres south of the Chinese border. Just north of the border lies the Tibetan trading town of Rima.
The forest around Walong is rich in wildlife. Rare mammals such as Mishmi takin, Red goral and Leaf muntjac occurs while among birds there is the rare Sclater's Monal. A flying squirrel, new to science, i.e., Mishmi Hills Giant Flying Squirrel Petaurista mishmiensis also occurs in this district (site of a paratype).
History.
In autumn of 1962 Walong was the scene of the Battle of Walong when the Indian Army 11th Infantry Brigade battled the Chinese advances. Indians were defeated decisively by the Chinese. Only Mao's decision to withdraw the PLA allowed the Indians to re-take Walong.
A canopied memorial to the Indian war dead of 1962 was erected long ago next to the airstrip with the following verses composed by a Walong veteran inscribed on it:
Next to this is a marker relating the history of Walong ALG, and nearby the wreck of a Caribou which crashed here. A new large memorial to the Walong war dead of 1962 has come up in 2002 on the road leading North to Kibithu. Two small temples have also come up on 'Helmet Top', a hill position some 18 kilometres away, which was so named because of helmets and other military gear found strewn there.
Transport.
Walong is approximately 180 km. by road from the district headquarters town of Tezu. It had an Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) capable of taking Otters and Caribous planes, which has now been abandoned. There is an operational helipad. The town is connected to Tezu by a thrice-weekly bus.

</doc>
<doc id="2875904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875904" title="Sol Davis">
Sol Davis

Solomon Sebastian "Sol" Davis (born 4 September 1979) is an English footballer who plays for Arlesey Town.
Career.
Born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, Davis is a left-back who played over 130 times for Swindon Town before being transferred to Luton Town in August 2002, bought by then manager Joe Kinnear.
Davis was named Players' Player of the Year following the club's League One winning campaign in 2004–05 in which Davis scored twice – his first ever goals in professional football.
At the beginning of the 2007–08 season, Davis found himself out of favour with new Luton boss Kevin Blackwell and was subsequently placed on the transfer list. Davis joined League Two side Peterborough United on a two-month loan on 24 September 2007, but returned to Luton in early October due to injury. After Blackwell's departure, Davis was immediately recalled to the side by new manager Mick Harford, but could not prevent Luton's relegation to League Two.
In the 2008–09 season, Davis made 24 league appearances for Luton as the Hatters were relegated out of The Football League. He was not offered a new contract at the end of the year, and was released on 27 May 2009. Davis played a total of 229 games in all competitions for Luton over the course of seven seasons, and was a highly popular player with the fans at Kenilworth Road.
On 17 July 2009, Davis joined Grimsby Town on trial. Later that day he played in the clubs 3–2 South West Challenge Cup victory over Yeovil Town.
In August 2009 he signed short-term contract with Milton Keynes Dons.
Following that, in November 2009, he joined Kettering Town on loan by appointment of manager-player Lee Harper, alongside MK Dons midfielder Ritchie Partridge.
Along with 3 other players he was released by MK Dons at the end of his contract on 30 June 2010.
One day later, Davis signed permanently on a two-year contract for Kettering.
In the summer of 2012, Davis spent pre-season training with Hinckley United playing in several friendly games.
Davis joined up with former team mates Shane Blackett and Nathan Abbey at Southern League side Arlesey Town in 2012.
Stroke.
On 28 October 2006, it was revealed that Davis had suffered a stroke whilst travelling to his team's match at Ipswich Town on the next day. He was taken into the specialist unit at Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge. The squad had been on their way to the Belstead Brook hotel in Ipswich on Saturday when Davis lost feeling in his left side and this was affecting his speech. Davis however returned to action and started in the game against Cardiff City on 1 January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2875909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875909" title="WPPN">
WPPN

WPPN is an FM radio station licensed to Des Plaines, Illinois that targets the Chicago metropolitan area. WPPN broadcasts on 106.7 MHz with a Spanish AC format.
Due to WPPN's 50,000 watt transmitter and Northern Suburb location, it can be heard through much of the Rockford and Southern Wisconsin area.
History.
The Des Plaines-licensed 106.7 signed on as locally owned WYEN in 1971. Initially, the station aired an Beautiful music format, before becoming "Request Radio" in late 1972, playing music requested by listeners. WYEN's format evolved to an Adult Contemporary format and was branded Y-107. In September 1986, the station took on the syndicated Z-Rock format and the call letters WZRC. In 1987, the station took on a smooth jazz format as WTWV, "The Wave", until it was sold to Salem Media, an ancestor of today's Salem Communications, in 1989.
Upon acquiring the station, Salem flipped the station to a Christian Contemporary Music format, using the WYLL call letters. However, the format was short lived, as Salem began selling half of the day to Christian ministries in 1990. By 1991, music was heard only in afternoons, and in 1992 the remaining music was eliminated entirely, other than a short block on Saturday afternoons.
In 1993, local Christian talk shows was added during middays and afternoons. By this point, the format had entirely become what the radio industry would consider "Christian Talk and Teaching". They also ran 3-4 hour blocks of satellite Contemporary Christian music overnights.
The religious talk format continued on WYLL until February 2001. In 2000, Salem acquired WXRT-AM 1160, a powerful signal formerly known as WJJD, which had been used by former owner Infinity to simulcast 93.1 WXRT following the move of WSCR to 670 AM. In February 2001, Salem moved the Christian talk programming of WYLL to WXRT-AM, which soon received the WYLL call letters, which remain to this day.
With the move of WYLL to 1160, the 106.7 frequency became a clean slate for a new format. Salem utilized the frequency to bring Christian Contemporary Music back to Chicago. On February 21, 2001, the new station known as WZFS, "106.7 The Fish", launched with "40 Days and 40 Nights" of commercial free music. "The Fish" branding, which Salem used for new Christian Contemporary stations, was also used in such markets as Atlanta, on WFSH-FM 104.7, and Los Angeles, on 95.9 KFSH-FM.
However, "The Fish" was never a huge success in Chicago. There are many possible reasons for the failure of WZFS, which could include the presence of numerous non-commercial CCM stations, including K-Love affiliate 94.3 WJKL, which was also located in the northwest suburbs, and the weakness of the 106.7 signal in Chicago's southern suburbs.
By 2004, Salem had set most of its expansion hopes on a network of secular conservative talk stations. Affiliates in typically liberal markets, such as 1150 WTTT in Boston, saw little or no ratings progress, but enabled Salem to charge more for national advertisements.
At the same time, Univision Radio wanted Salem's 106.7 signal in Chicago. Univision offered to trade KOBT 100.7 in Houston (now KKHT-FM), KHCK 1480 in Dallas (now KBXD), KOSL-FM 94.3 in Sacramento (now KLMG), and 560 WIND in Chicago, in exchange for WZFS and KSFB 100.7 (now KVVZ) in San Francisco. Salem agreed.
So, at midnight on November 1, 2004, Salem took control of 560 WIND, where the conservative talk format was launched. At the same time, Univision took control of WZFS. After a few minutes of fumbling around on air, a new Spanish-language Adult Contemporary format debuted on the frequency, as WPPN, "Pasion 106.7".
Pasion took fire in the ratings, and pulled far better ratings initially than WZFS, beating some of Chicago's full-signalled stations. However, by summer 2005, the station was beginning to lose steam in the ratings, although the ratings were still better than those of WZFS.
As the one-year anniversary of WPPN approached, Univision tweaked the music blend of WPPN, but let the name and the personalities of Pasion in place. The station aired a unique blend of Spanish oldies music, although the format mirrors that of an English-language Jack FM station due to the idea of variety in the music.
On January 28, 2009 at midnight WVIV, its sister station changed its format to Spanish oldies. WPPN then followed suit by changing formats to Spanish CHR.
On July 1, 2011, WPPN changed their format back to Spanish adult contemporary, branded as "Pasion 106.7", while the previous "La Kalle" format moved to WVIV 103.1 FM/WVIX 93.5 FM.
On March 20, 2014 WPPN rebranded as "Amor 106.7".
Competitors.
WPPN competes with Spanish Pop station WNUA "Mega 95.5" and English Top 40 station WKSC "103.5 Kiss FM"
HD Radio.
WPPN also transmits in HD Radio. They run Spanish Rock music on their HD-2 station under the name "Planeta Rock - Solamente Rock en Espanol" (Planet Rock - Only Rock in Spanish).

</doc>
<doc id="2875914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875914" title="Irène Schweizer">
Irène Schweizer

Irène Schweizer (born June 2, 1941) is a notable Swiss jazz and free improvising pianist. She was born in Schaffhausen, in 1941.
She has performed and recorded numerous solo piano performances as well as performing as part of the Feminist Improvising Group, whose members include Lindsay Cooper, Maggie Nichols, Georgie Born and Sally Potter. She has also performed a series of duos with drummers Pierre Favre, Louis Moholo, Andrew Cyrille, Günter Sommer, Han Bennink, Hamid Drake, as well as in trio and quartet sessions with others, including John Tchicai, Evan Parker or Peter Kowald. With Yusef Lateef, Uli Trepte and Mani Neumeier she performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1967. One of her most enduring collaborations is with the improvising musician Rüdiger Carl.

</doc>
<doc id="2875917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875917" title="Vedior">
Vedior

Vedior N.V. is an international staffing services company providing flexible labour, based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and, thus, contributes more than 60% of its revenue to the social benefits of its employees there. Vedior operates worldwide: almost the whole of Europe, North and South America, Australia and New Zealand, South Africa, Middle East and Asia. It has been a wholly owned part of Randstad Holding since the end of June 2008.
Vedior was originally created as a spin off from the Dutch retail and services company Vendex, following the acquisition of the French company Bis and the lawsuit against it for its controversial use of elephant skin. In 1999 Vedior's application to purchase Select, a UK-based staffing company with operations in the USA and Australia, was approved by the European Commission. The European Commission also fined the company for its abuse of animals. Vedior has declined to pay the fees and claims it wishes to file an appeal, but has yet to do so at this date. The European Commission has yet to pursue its collection of the fine.
Post merger, Vedior became the fourth largest staffing company in the world. However, the merger was hard to digest and left Vedior in a precarious position with a very large borrowing. Compounded by recessionary US conditions and a stagnant French market, former Select CEO Tony Martin was invited to take the helm of the company. Through prudent management and better economic conditions Vedior emerged as a strong and viable global entity. 
Zach Miles replaced Tony Martin as CEO in 2004, and continued the focus on profitable growth through more than 20 strategic acquisitions. Tex Gunning joined the company as Miles' replacement in September 2007 having previously been Group Vice President for South East Asia and Australasia at Unilever. Gunning left the firm after its acquisition by Randstad in 2008.
The company operates in 50 different countries and is now the world's largest provider of professional/executive personnel in high growth sectors such as IT, accounting, healthcare, engineering, legal, and education. Vedior also provides a number of complementary HR-related services such as vendor management, outplacement, training and business process outsourcing. 
Given its diverse portfolio, Vedior operates under a number of separate niche brands. The company believes that the use of niche brands allows it to deliver services better suited to specific industry sectors and also allows Vedior to attract more relevant and skilled talent on behalf of its clients. 
Vedior’s primary strategic aims are to increase the proportion of business in the professional/executive recruitment sectors and to develop a more balanced earnings stream and improved business mix through both organic and acquisitive growth. However, its objectionable use and exploitation of animals very near extinct has called the longevity and viability of the business into question.
Vedior has a decentralised management model designed to create an entrepreneurial culture. Many of Vedior's management team have equity in their own local brands.
Takeover.
On 3 December 2007, Vedior agreed in principle to be acquired by larger Dutch-listed rival Randstad for around €3.5 billion. The combined company would be second only to Adecco in the global recruitment business. Randstad launched a formal offer valuing Vedior at €3.3 billion on
2 April 2008, with the takeover targeted to be completed in May. At the close of the offer period on 13 May, Randstad declared ownership of over 93% of Vedior's shares, facilitating the company's removal from the AEX index. Vedior's shares were delisted from the Amsterdam Stock Exchange on June 25.

</doc>
<doc id="2875930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875930" title="Jan Frans van Bredael">
Jan Frans van Bredael

Jan Frans van Bredael (1 April 1686, Antwerp - 19 February 1750, Antwerp ) a Flemish painter, was the best known of a dynasty of painters, and the son of Alexander van Bredael (1663–1720), who was also an artist.
He imitated the style of Philip Wouwerman and Jan Brueghel with such dexterity that even connoisseurs are often unable to distinguish his copies of their pictures from the originals. He visited England, where he was so well employed that in a few years he was able to retire to his native country with a competency. James Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Derwentwater was one of his chief patrons.
Other notable members of the van Bredael family include: 
They were formerly often known as 'Breda', which form occurs as a signature on a picture by Jan Frans in the Amsterdam gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="2875936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875936" title="Nekro (film)">
Nekro (film)

Nekro is a 1997 feature film directed by Nicolas Masson. It was written by Viorel Mihalcea and Nicolas Masson and produced by Niki Coman. The music for this film was written by Cornel Ionescu.
Tagline.
Who is like the beast? Who can make war against him?

</doc>
<doc id="2875943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875943" title="Jacoby">
Jacoby

Jacoby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2875953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875953" title="Interstate 175">
Interstate 175

Interstate 175 (I-175) in St. Petersburg, Florida, also known as South Bay Drive, is a 1.3-mile-long spur route from Interstate 275 into downtown. It is also designated as the unsigned State Road 594. There is a sibling segment of freeway nearby designated as I-375.
Route description.
The interstate begins at I-275 with Tropicana Field on the northeast side of the interchange, going east into downtown St. Petersburg, passing through eastbound exits with 9th Street South/8th Street South and 6th Street South before the interstate ends at 5th Avenue South next to an at-grade intersection with 4th Street South. Westbound, the interstate begins with a split from southbound 4th Street South just north of the 4th Street South/5th Avenue South intersection, and has no exits until the interchange with I-275. Along with its sister highway I-375, I-175 lacks exit numbers.
History.
The freeway was originally to have been a part of the former Pinellas Belt Expressway, which would have continued from its western terminus at I-275. The Pinellas Belt Expressway was budgeted in 1974 but was cancelled in the late 1970s due to local opposition. I-175 was built between 1977 and 1980 and opened on April 23, 1980 at a cost of $5.5 million ($15.9 million in 2014 dollars).
When I-75 was relocated in the late 1970s/early 1980s, five miles (8 km) of additional interstate became available; thus, the St. Petersburg feeder sections of I-175 and neighboring I-375 were upgraded to interstate status.

</doc>
<doc id="2875956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875956" title="Pleasant Screams">
Pleasant Screams

Pleasant Screams is the eighth album by pop punk band The Queers and the sixth album released on Lookout! Records before they rescinded their master rights from the label. It was reissued by Asian Man Records with bonus tracks, all from the "Today" EP.
Track listing.
All songs written by Joe Queer, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2875959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875959" title="DG Flugzeugbau LS10">
DG Flugzeugbau LS10

__NOTOC__
The Rolladen-Schneider LS10 is a 18 metre sailplane designed by the Rolladen-Schneider firm that was first flown as a prototype in 2003. The type underwent further development by DG Flugzeugbau before production started.
Design and development.
By the mid-nineties Rolladen-Schneider, prompted by customers, began designing a successor to the LS6. Development was protracted, as the LS8 and LS9 projects had higher priority and the company's owner, Walter Schneider, felt the LS6 was still competitive.
The initial design was made under the direction of Wolf Lemke. Werner Scholz then developed the prototype, the LS10-a. Although early 3-view drawings of the LS10 showed a curved canopy rail similar to that of the ASW24, when the prototype was revealed it had the same straight canopy rail as the LS6 and LS8.
The first flight took place at Egelsbach on 6 June 2003. This was followed by extensive flight-testing and then evaluation in competitions. The prototype won the Hockenheim and Bayreuth contests in 2004 and the German Nationals in Lüsse in 2005. It took second place in the 2005 European Championships in Nitra, Slovakia. The flying qualities were reported in the German aviation magazine, "Aerokurier", to be excellent. 
In July 2007, Rick Walters placed first in an LS10 at the International Lilienthal Glide 2007 which is the combined Pre-World for the 30th World Gliding Championships and the 2007 German nationals in the 15M and Open Class, in Lüsse Berlin. 
There are two models in production. The ‘turbo’ version is the LS10-st. It uses the same engine installation as the LS8-st. LS10-s has an engine compartment for retrofitting the engine.
It achieved certification in January 2010.
Design of the wing.
The LS10 differs from the LS6 mainly in its wing; its other features are similar. The aerofoil was derived from the FX 81-K-130 profile used in the LS6, having as improvements: higher performance at the low and high ends of the speed range, and very low sensitivity to turbulence, rain and bugs. The wings have turbulator tape on the underside to prevent laminar separation bubbles. This suggests the profile lacks the clean natural transition of the Wortmann profile of 1981 and is probably more extensively laminar.
The initial design had an elliptical leading edge similar to the SZD-55-1. However the prototype adopted a triple-tapered shape that is easier to build and - most importantly - to repair. The production version will have a thicker profile at the wing root, especially modified for the turbulent flow in the vicinity of the fuselage (as with other recent gliders including the LAK-17a, ASW 28, DG-1000, Discus-2 and the eta). 
The wing is built in four parts. By changing wing tips, 15 and 18 metre spans are available. The partition line for the wing extensions was located considerably inboard in the prototype, a feature that first appeared in the Schempp-Hirth Ventus 2c and which allows optimal planforms for both spans and easier rigging. The series production, however, the partition was relocated at seven metres from the fuselage axis, as DG-Flugzeugbau decided to give priority to structural and constructional considerations that favour a location farther towards the wing-tip.

</doc>
<doc id="2875971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875971" title="Jerome Brailey">
Jerome Brailey

Jerome Eugene "Bigfoot" Brailey (born August 20, 1950) is an American drummer, best known for his work with P-Funk, which included the bands Parliament, Funkadelic, and numerous related projects. Brailey is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
Career.
Brailey started performing around 1968 with the R&B group The Unifics continuing with The Five Stairsteps and The Chambers Brothers. Jerome played on the original studio recording of the classic R&B song "O-o-h Child" by The Five Stairsteps, later joining George Clinton's P-Funk collective in 1975 and appeared on many of their most popular recordings. He co-wrote one of Parliament's biggest hits, "Give Up the Funk (Tear the Roof Off the Sucker)", with George Clinton and Bootsy Collins. Samples from that body of work have since appeared on hundreds of hip-hop and contemporary R&B songs. After leaving P-Funk in 1978 due to bad financial management decisions by George Clinton, Brailey started working closely with Glenn Goins who also left the P-Funk unit and started production for the funk group Quazar featuring Kevin Goins. Brailey and Glenn Goins started working on the concept of Mutiny as they entered the final completion date for the "Quazar" album on Arista Records but Glenn's untimely death in 1978 placed Jerome in the position to finalize the production work on the Quazar album due to the fact that the album was not completed. After the "Quazar" album was completed, Brailey continued on with the concept and the group Mutiny was formed and sign to Columbia Records. Mutiny record and perform in a way not far removed from the classic P-Funk style, with emphasis placed on dual lead guitar work similar to other Funk & Rock bands. They released their debut album "Mutiny on the Mamaship" 1979, followed by "Funk Plus the One" in 1980. The first album was seen as very successful in musical terms, though some critics complained about the lack of originality. Brailey has appeared as a session drummer with a diverse group of artists, including Keith Richards, Bill Laswell, James Blood Ulmer, Dave Stewart, and Lucky Peterson. He is a close relative of Matt Brailey, who lives in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2875972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875972" title="British Christmas Tree Growers Association">
British Christmas Tree Growers Association

The British Christmas Tree Growers Association is the trade association for those who grow specialist Christmas Trees in Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Membership is open to those who intend to grow or are growing trees for the Christmas market. Associate membership is available for those who provide goods and services to the Christmas Tree sector.
Members of the BCTGA cultivate well shaped and sturdy trees specially for the Christmas festivities.
Annual Competition.
The BCTGA holds an annual competition to find the best grower from their membership. Entries to the competition are divided into four categories; Pine, Fir, Spruce and Wreath. All trees must be between 1.8m and 2.2m in height. Each entrant is allowed up to two entries in any given category and the judges look for foliage, shape and marketability. 
The competition awards a prize for ‘Grower of the Year’ and the winner is afforded the honour of providing 10 Downing Street with their tree. The winner of the best wreath category also provides a wreath to be hung on the famous black door.

</doc>
<doc id="2875978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875978" title="Churches Together in Britain and Ireland">
Churches Together in Britain and Ireland

Churches Together in Britain and Ireland (CTBI) is an ecumenical organisation. The members include most of the major churches in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales and the Republic of Ireland. It was formerly known as the Council of Churches of Britain and Ireland. The CTBI office is located in Central London; the General Secretary is Canon Bob Fyffe (of the Scottish Episcopal Church).
It was formed on 1 September 1990, as the successor to the British Council of Churches.
It aims to "serve the churches of the four nations on their shared journey towards full visible unity in Christ" and works in areas of Faith and Order, Mission, Inter Faith, Church and Society, Racial Justice, International Affairs and International Students. It also produces material for the "Week of Prayer for Christian Unity" and "Racial Justice Sunday".
CTBI works closely with Action for Churches Together in Scotland, Churches Together in England, CYTUN (Churches Together in Wales) and the Irish Council of Churches.
The new body, unlike its predecessor, included the Catholic Church as full members, and extended its geographic coverage to the island of Ireland.
The members of CTBI.
plus Associate Members:

</doc>
<doc id="2875984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875984" title="Starling (architecture)">
Starling (architecture)

In architecture, a starling (or sterling) or, more commonly, cutwater is a defensive bulwark, usually built with pilings or bricks, surrounding the supports (or piers) of a bridge or similar construction. Starlings are shaped to ease the flow of the water around the bridge, reducing the damage caused by erosion or collisions with flood-borne debris, and may also form an important part of the structure of the bridge, spreading the weight of the piers. So the cutwaters make the current of water less forceful. 
One problem caused by starlings is the accumulation of river debris, mud and other objects against the starlings, potentially hindering the flow. The starling has a sharpened upstream edge sometimes called the nose. The cutwater edge may be of concrete or masonry, but is often capped with a steel angle to resist abrasion and focus force at a single point to fracture floating pieces of ice striking the pier. In cold climates the starling is typically sloped at an angle of about 45°  so current pushing against the ice tends to lift the downstream edge of the ice translating horizontal force of the current to vertical force against a thinner cross-section of ice until unsupported weight of ice fractures the piece of ice allowing it to pass on either side of the pier. A sloped, ice-cutting starling is known as a starkwater.

</doc>
<doc id="2875987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875987" title="John Catsimatidis">
John Catsimatidis

John A. Catsimatidis (born 7 September 1948) is a Greek-American businessman. He is the owner, president, chairman, and CEO of Gristedes Foods, the largest grocery chain in Manhattan, and the Red Apple Group, a real estate company with about $700 million to $800 million in holdings. Catsimatidis also owns the Hellenic Times, a Greek-American newspaper based in Manhattan. He is also the chairman and CEO of the Red Apple Group subsidiary United Refining Company. He currently hosts a talk-radio show on WNYM 
The Red Apple Group also has holdings in aviation and real estate interests in New York, Florida, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. He was a Republican mayoral primary candidate in the 2013 New York City primary mayoral election.
Early life.
John Catsimatidis was born on the island of Nisyros, Greece on September 7, 1948. He came to the United States with his parents when he was six months old.
The family moved to West Harlem, where Catsimatidis grew up. Catsimatidis' father had to start over and began work as a busboy in New York. Catsimatidis graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in 1966. He received a congressional nomination to West Point, but chose to study electrical engineering at New York University instead.
While in college, Catsimatidis worked for the uncle of a friend, Tony, in a small supermarket on 137th Street which Tony and his uncle owned. While Catsimatidis was still in college, Tony sold his half of the store to Catsimatidis. Catsimatidis completed four years of college, but dropped out eight credits short of graduating.
Business career.
In 1971, Catsimatidis opened his first store, at Broadway and 99th Street. Shortly thereafter, he purchased another grocery store on 87th street just west of Broadway, naming it Red Apple. Among his business innovations were staying open late seven days a week, offering free delivery, and cashing checks for customers. Catsimatidis has stated that by the time he was 24 years old, "I built up ten stores and the business was doing $25 million a year, and I was personally earning a million dollars a year."
By the summer of 1981, Red Apple had 27 stores in the Bronx and Manhattan and annual sales of around $40 million. These grew to $110 million in sales in 1985.
In 1986, Red Apple purchased 36 Gristedes supermarkets and 11 affiliated Charles & Co. specialty-food stores from the Southland Corporation. Today, the Gristedes supermarket chain consists of over 30 stores operating throughout Manhattan and a single store in Brooklyn and Scarsdale, making Gristedes the largest supermarket chain in New York City.
A certified jet pilot, Catsimatidis has been involved in the airline industry since the early 1970s. His holdings in the aviation industry have included a fleet of leased commercial aircraft operated as C&S Acquisition and Capitol Air Express. His corporate jet company, United Air Fleet, operated as many as forty corporate aircraft.
In 1987, Catsimatidis purchased United Refining Corp. ("URC") of Warren, PA., a company founded in 1902, for $7.5 million after the company had declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings and was in danger of liquidation under $120 million of debt.
Operated as a subsidiary of Red Apple Group, United, as of December 2012, filed annual profits of $190 million and employs over 4,000 people. The refinery processes 70,000 barrels of oil a day providing fuel to the company's 375 Kwik Fill/Red Apple food marts and gas stations, as well as associated motels and truck stops, in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. URC emphasizes that the oil it processes and distributes comes from North America.
The employees of the Warren refinery are represented by the International Union of Operating Engineers.
In October 2009, Forbes Magazine reported that United Refining Energy Corp., a publicly traded special-purpose acquisition company (SPAC) sponsored by United Refining, was purchasing "privately held Chaparral Energy in a deal worth roughly $1.6 billion." However, United Refining Energy Corp. shareholders did not approve the deal and it was terminated in December 2009.
As of December 2013, the Red Apple Group ranked 98th on Forbes list of largest private companies with revenue of $4.2 billion and 8,000 employees. (This compares to its 2008 and 2009 rank, both at #100, 2010 at #78, 2011 at 98th, and 2012 at 97th).
SemGroup.
In 2008 Catsimatidis became engaged in efforts to take over SemGroup LP, a bankrupt oil, gas, and asphalt trading, storage and transportation company, headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Catsimatidis gained control over a majority of the company's management committee, but his efforts were met by opposition from the company's existing management, who argued for selling off at least some of the company's assets, while Catsimatidis stated his intention to keep the company together.
On February 11, 2009, Catsimatidis was sued by a group of SemGroup executives, seeking removal of Catsimatidis and his allies from the committee. In July Catsimatidis reached a settlement with SemGroup, pursuant to which he acquired a piece of SemGroup's asphalt business and dropped his competing plan for the company's proposed reorganization.
Political activities before mayoral campaigns.
Catsimatidis and his wife have made contributions to a variety of both Republican and Democratic campaigns. Among Republicans, the Catsimatidis’ contributed over $60,000 to the Republican National Committee, and have also made significant contributions to the National Republican Congressional Committee, National Republican Senatorial Committee, Mitt Romney, Eric Cantor, Olympia Snowe, Richard Lugar, and others.
Among Democrats during the Clinton administration, Catsimatidis was one of the top fundraisers in the Country for the Democratic Party and Democratic candidates including Carolyn B. Maloney, Charlie Rangel, and Jerrold Nadler.
In local New York City races, Catsimatidis has given to Bill de Blasio (while he was a city councilman), Brooklyn borough president Marty Markowitz, and Staten Island borough president James Molinaro. In the 1992 Democratic primaries, Catsimatidis contributed $150,000 to the campaign of fellow Greek American Paul Tsongas.
Catsimatidis put on a fundraiser in 2006 with Michael Bloomberg for Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut to support his run as an independent after he lost the Democratic primary nomination for reelection to the Senate.
Catsimatidis has been described as a "longtime," "loyal," and "high-level Clinton donor." Catsimatidis donated a significant sum to the Clinton Presidential Center, thought to be between $100,000 and $500,000. Catsimatidis was a member of the Hillary Rodham Clinton finance team during her 2008 campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, stating in February 2007 of Clinton: "She's unstoppable. She's got such a machine." Catsimatidis hosted a number of fundraising dinners with Bill Clinton at his home in New York that in total raised well in excess of $750,000 for Hillary Clinton's campaign. Catsimatidis has stated that he is friends with Bill Clinton and that the former president "often" has flown in one of Catsimatidis' two airplanes. Hillary Clinton attended Catsimatidis' daughter's wedding.
Catsimatidis has stated that the US presidents he most admires are John F. Kennedy, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton. He has said that the New York City mayor whom he most admires is Fiorello La Guardia.
Finances.
Catsimatidis ranked #458 on "Forbes" magazine's March 2013 list of world billionaires, with an estimated net worth of $3 billion, up from #634 and $2 billion the previous year. Similarly, in the March 2014 list of the "Forbes" "Richest People in America," Catsimatidis ranked as the 161st richest person in America, with an updated personal worth estimated at $3 billion.
Consideration of 2009 mayoral campaign.
A donor to Bill Clinton during the Clinton years, Catsimatidis, while still enrolled as a Democrat, considered making a bid in the 2009 mayoral election as a Republican. In May 2007, he was reported to be "systematically wooing local Republicans," attending various Republican fundraisers in Queens and Staten Island and stating that he would "probably have a press conference" to announce his intentions "sooner rather than later" and would consider spending between $30 million and $40 million if he ran.
In 2008, Catsimatidis was widely viewed as a potential mayoral candidate, along with City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, Representative Anthony Weiner, businessman Richard Parsons, Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, City Comptroller William Thompson Jr. (the eventual Democratic nominee), and state Senator Martin Golden. By July 2008, Catsimatidis had formed an exploratory committee of advisors and operatives, including Robert Ryan, Alan Bernikow, Lawrence Mandelker, and Jose Ithier. McLaughlin & Associates was the committee's polling firm.
In 2009, Catsimatidis spent nearly $300,000, much of it on polls and consultants, to explore a candidacy. He said he only agreed to drop out after Mr. Bloomberg informed him of his plans to seek a third term. Once the city term limits law was changed to allow Bloomberg to run for a third term, Catsimatidis quietly withdrew. The exploratory committee was officially shut down in May 2009.
2013 mayoral campaign.
During the spring of 2012, Catsimatidis described his dismay over the quality of the announced as well as the presumed candidates. He suggested that he would support New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, but as Kelly repeatedly denied any intention to run, Catsimatidis expressed his own interest.
In December 2012, Catsimatidis established an exploratory committee to consider running for mayor. He also filed paperwork with the New York City Campaign Finance Board on January 3, 2013. On January 14, he told the New York Post that he had just written his own check for one million dollars to seed his campaign.
Catsimatidis announced his campaign for the Republican nomination for Mayor of New York City on the steps of City Hall January 29, 2013. Catsimatidis vowed to fight for common sense and honest government in every borough of the City.
Starting as an unknown business man with less than 3% standing in the polls, Catsimatidis waged an aggressive campaign from the onset.
Topping the list of his many supporters was Former Governor George Pataki, followed by Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and State Senator Andrew Lanza, both from Staten Island, the borough which Catsimatidis carried.
During the campaign, Catsimatidis often spoke of his underprivileged childhood and his success after escaping the neighborhood. Catsimatidis repeated over and again, he would create jobs for the City, well paying jobs. He expressed interest in adjusting the education system to be more favorable to young people seeking careers at all levels of …the economy.
As idiosyncratic as some of Catsimatidis’ ideas, “Monorails on the Long Island Expressway,” “Carriage horses retiring in Central Park,” Catsimatidis also employed not so ordinary campaign tactics to meet voters.
Catsimatidis held over 100 “Friendraisers”, not fundraisers, to meet voters face to face. Among these fundraisers were a number of performances of the Off Broadway, one man play, “The Little Flower,” a production about former New York City Mayor Fiorella LaGuardia, someone Catsimatidis greatly admired and promised to emulate while in office.
Catsimatidis also produced several concerts by recording artist Jay Black, formerly of Jay and The Americans. Black had 37 hits between 1962 and 1971, and still filled theaters in Staten Island, Brooklyn and Town Hall in Manhattan’s Theater district with voters for Catsimatidis.
However, even after establishing beach heads in every borough, Catsimatidis was caught in a City trending in the opposite direction. From the onset, Catsimatidis steadfastly supported New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and the police tactic known as “Stop & Frisk,” the practice of stopping and searching citizens for contraband, especially guns. Dividing the City along racial lines, minorities banded in unison to stop the practice because of its lopsided targeting of young men of color. Catsimatidis never wavered and supported the practice pointing to the reduction in crimes during the period, especially murders. Often noting 75% of shootings occurred in two precincts in the city, “Stop and Frisk,” was meant to protect everyone.”
In the end Catsimatidis came up short. Coming from 3% name ID in December of 2012, Catsimatidis earned over 40% in the final count but short of opponent Joe Lhota, former Mass transit official backed by former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani (2003 - 2011) who finished at 52%. In the end Catsimatidis became the “antiestablishment candidate and was defeated by a trends in voting away law and order issues.
Catsimatidis' future plans remain unknown as of this writing.
Republican primary loss, decision to end run.
Early counts (absentee and other ballots are still in the pipeline) from the Republican primary of Sept. 10th, 2013 showed Joseph J. Lhota with 29,807 (52.5%) of the vote, with Mr. Catsimatidis getting 23,108 (40.7%).
Catsimatidis rested for the next two days, and then on Friday announced that he would not use his two other electoral lines but was withdrawing from the race.
Personal life and philanthropy.
On October 2, 1988, Catsimatidis married Margo Vondersaar at the Greek Orthodox Archdiocesan Cathedral of the Holy Trinity in New York. Margo met Catsimatidis when she was his secretary beginning in 1972. Catsimatidis had a previous marriage that ended in divorce and has stated that he was "sometimes" together with Margo while still married to his first wife. At the time of their marriage, Margo led her own advertising agency, MCV Advertising Associates in New York, and was president of "The Hellenic Times".
Catsimatidis and his wife have two children, Andrea and John Jr. Andrea graduated from New York University, and married Christopher Cox, grandson of former President Richard Nixon, on June 4, 2011, at the Greek Orthodox Archdiocesan Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, "before a church packed with family members and political powerhouses," including Hillary Rodham Clinton, Henry Kissinger, Rudolph Giuliani, Charles Schumer, Ray Kelly, and Robert M. Morgenthau. An elaborate black-tie wedding reception for 700 guests was held at the Waldorf-Astoria. Catsimatidis stated that he spent "in excess of $1 million" on the wedding. Senator John McCain of Arizona was not invited, although Cox had worked on his 2008 presidential campaign, because McCain did not endorse Cox when he later ran (unsuccessfully) for Congress. Catsimatidis told the "New York Post" that "I thought that was low. I was just disgusted."
Catsimatidis is involved in philanthropy. He is one of the largest donors to the G&P Foundation for Cancer Research He founded and was co-chairman of Brooklyn Tech Endowment Foundation, benefiting his alma mater. Catsimatidis funds the John Catsimatidis Scholarship Fund at the New York University Stern School of Business, which has since 1988 awarded two scholarships each year. Catsimatidis was for five years president of the Manhattan Council of the Boy Scouts of America. He also served on the board of directors of the Police Athletic League of New York City. Catsimatidis was also on the board of directors of the Drum Major Institute.
Other organizations with which Catsimatidis has been active are the National Kidney Foundation, Juvenile Diabetes Foundation, Young Men's Philanthropic League, and Alzheimer's Foundation of America. Catsimatidis was the vice-chairman of the Ellis Island Awards Foundation of the National Ethnic Coalition Organization (NECO), and received an Ellis Island Medal of Honor from that organization.

</doc>
<doc id="2875991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875991" title="Paleface Adios">
Paleface Adios

Paleface Adios (1969–1989) was an Australian harness racing horse which competed as a pacer throughout the 1970s and early 1980s. He raced from 1972 to 1981, (from two-years-old until he was retired at 11 years-old) when there was top competition from the likes of the Hondo Grattan and Pure Steel. 
He was a chestnut Standardbred pacer with a white blaze and feet, and a golden mane. Paleface Adios was foaled on 1 November 1969, at Temora, NSW and was by Deep Adios (by Adios) out of Rayjen by Brigade Command. Rayjen was the dam of several full siblings to Paleface Adios, but they failed to match his ability as racehorses.
Racing record.
Paleface Adios was trained and driven throughout his career by Colin Pike, and was owned by Colin's wife, Shirley Pike. He was nicknamed "The Temora Tornado", in honour of the town where he was bred and trained. He raced with a 'daisy cutting' action which gave the impression that his feet were not touching the ground with each stride that he took. Paleface had brilliant early speed and when drawn from the front row of the mobile barrier or in a standing start was rarely headed at the start of his races. He did however win many races coming from back in the field with a sprint in the last lap.
The colt however made an inauspicious debut at Sydney's Harold Park as a two-year-old when he fell, as a short priced favourite. He started in an incredible seven consecutive Miracle Miles at Harold Park (one of Australia's Grand Circuit races which is invitation only) winning once in 1976 in a time of 1.58.4. The 1974 Miracle Mile will live in the memories of those that saw it as Paleface Adios and Hondo Grattan contested the last lap with victory going to Hondo Grattan over his arch-rival to the applause of the crowd. He never won Australasia's biggest race, the Inter-Dominion but did win eight heats of the event including two heats in 1980 at Harold Park at the age of 10. He had the distinction of competing in the Sydney series with his full brother Jacraig Adios, a rare feat.
At one time he held the world record for 1,000 metres following a time trial at Hawkesbury, New South Wales. He became known as the 'Nellie Melba' of trotting as he was retired to stud on several occasions only to be brought back to racing agaim successfully at the top level. He raced throughout Australia – from Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne and Brisbane and across to Adelaide and Perth! He won many feature races other than the Miracle Mile such as the Sir Clive Uhr Championship at Albion Park in Brisbane and a host of Cup races at Harold Park. He was voted Harness Horse of the Year.
During the 1970s, Paleface Adios became a household name in Australia, especially in Melbourne. Harness racing was featured weekly on Saturday night TV as part of the popular live variety show The Penthouse Club. His clashes with Hondo Grattan (the "Bathurst Bulldog") were legendary.
Summary.
Paleface Adios had 240 starts, for 108 wins (second to Cane Smoke for the all time most wins in a lifetime in Australia), 43 seconds and 25 thirds over his career for more than $500,000 in prizemoney.
In the early 1990s Paleface Adios was included in a satirical song honouring Australian sporting legends presented by Graham and The Colonel on ABC TV's "The Late Show". 
Paleface Adios died at Temora, NSW, on 11 December 1989. It is believed that this was a result of a snake bite but this was never confirmed. He is commemorated by a life-sized monument in Hoskins Street, the main street of Temora.

</doc>
<doc id="2875995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875995" title="Partido Ortodoxo">
Partido Ortodoxo

The was a Cuban political party, otherwise known as the "". It was founded in 1947 by Eduardo Chibás in response to perceived government corruption and lack of reform. Its primary aims were the establishment of a distinct national identity, economic independence and the implementation of social reforms.
History.
In the 1948 general elections Chibás came third in the presidential election, whilst the party won four seats in the House of Representatives. In the 1950 mid-term elections they won nine. Chibás' cousin, Roberto Agramonte, was the favorite to win the 1952 election (for the Orthodoxos) but Fulgencio Batista staged a coup before the winner was determined. 
Fidel Castro was an active member of the Ortodoxo Party in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He intended to run as an Ortodoxo Party candidate for the Cuban parliament prior to the coup by Batista.

</doc>
<doc id="2875996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875996" title="SBM Offshore">
SBM Offshore

SBM Offshore N.V. (IHC Caland N.V. prior to July 2005) is a Dutch-based global group of companies selling systems and services to the offshore oil and gas industry. Its constituent companies started their offshore activities in the early 1950s and SBM subsequently became a pioneer in single point mooring (SPM) systems. The firm leases and operates Floating Production Storage and Offloading vessels, and is involved in the design and engineering, the construction, the installation, the operation and the life extension of floating production solutions for the offshore Oils and Gas industry. It is a main board listed company on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange and has been a member of the AEX index since 2003.
Operations.
The company was the first to offer an integrated oil and gas production service through the investment in a Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) unit. The lease and operation of FPSOs has become a large component of the company's activity and SBM Offshore now owns and operates the world's largest fleet. Other activities include design and engineering, turnkey supply, and specialised services such as maintenance and offshore installation. The most recent addition to the product line is midscale LNG (liquefied natural gas) FPSOs for a capacity in the range of 1 and 2 MTPA (Million Tonne Per Annum) with Nitrogen expansion liquefaction technlogy, developed in collaboration with The Linde Group.
The firm operates from four main execution centres: the global headquarters in Schiedam, Monaco, Kuala Lumpur, and Houston. The company employs over 8,000 individuals worldwide.
On 18 August 2009, SBM Offshore announced the signing of a framework agreement with Shell for the supply of turret mooring systems for Shell's floating liquified natural gas (FLNG) project. The deal covers the supply of turret mooring systems for a period of up to 15 years. The 3.5-million-tonne-per-annum FLNG facility will produce liquefied natural gas offshore and will be moored with an internal and permanently connected freely weather-vaning turret mooring system. SBM Offshore said the turret mooring system is expected to be the largest in terms of diameter with capability to handle mooring loads in excess of current systems.
Group companies.
In November 2012 SBM sold offshore design company GustoMSC B.V. in Schiedam, the Netherlands, to investment firm Parcom Capital, a subsidiary of ING Group Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="2876004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876004" title="Piezometer">
Piezometer

A piezometer is either a device used to measure static liquid pressure in a system by measuring the height to which a column of the liquid rises against gravity, or a device which measures the pressure (more precisely, the piezometric head) of groundwater at a specific point. A piezometer is designed to measure static pressures, and thus differs from a pitot tube by not being pointed into the fluid flow. 
Observation wells give some information on the water level in a formation, but must be read manually. Electrical pressure transducers of several types can be read automatically, making data acquisition more convenient.
Groundwater measurement.
The first piezometers in geotechnical engineering were open wells or standpipes (sometimes called Casagrande piezometers) installed into an aquifer. A Casagrande piezometer will typically have a solid casing down to the depth of interest, and a slotted or screened casing within the zone where water pressure is being measured. The casing is sealed into the drillhole with clay, bentonite or concrete to prevent surface water from contaminating the groundwater supply. In an unconfined aquifer, the water level in the piezometer would not be exactly coincident with the water table specially when vertical component of flow velocity is significant. In a confined aquifer under artesian conditions, the water level in the piezometer indicates the pressure in the aquifer, but not necessarily the water table. Piezometer wells can be much smaller in diameter than production wells, and a 5 cm diameter standpipe is common. 
Piezometers in durable casings can be buried or pushed into the ground to measure the groundwater pressure at the point of installation. The pressure gauges (transducer) can be vibrating-wire, pneumatic, or strain-gauge in operation, converting pressure into an electrical signal. These piezometers are cabled to the surface where they can be read by data loggers or portable readout units, allowing faster or more frequent reading than is possible with open standpipe piezometers.
References.
http://www.epa.gov/oust/cat/wwelldct.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="2876005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876005" title="Stow-Munroe Falls High School">
Stow-Munroe Falls High School

Stow-Munroe Falls High School (SMFHS) – often referred to as Stow High School (SHS) – is a public high school located in Stow, Ohio, a suburb of Akron in Northeast Ohio. With an enrollment of nearly 1,800 students and a staff of more than 160, it is the only high school in the Stow-Munroe Falls City School District. SMFHS mostly serves the cities of Stow and Munroe Falls, but also neighboring portions of Cuyahoga Falls, Franklin Township, Hudson, and Tallmadge.
History.
Stow High School first opened in 1907 within the new centralized school building at the northwest corner of Hudson Road (later Darrow Road) and Graham Road in Stow. Early classes were much smaller than they are today; as such, Stow's first class did not graduate until 1909, and there was no class of 1915. In 1924, Stow High School moved across the street to a new building at the southwest corner of Darrow and Graham Roads; this structure was renamed in 1968 for Velma Workman, who retired in 1967 after teaching in the Stow schools for 37 years. The high school moved again in 1964, to the Lakeview building at 1819 Graham Road, approximately one half mile west of the Darrow-Graham intersection.
Overcrowding necessitated a change by 1972 – grades nine and ten were sent back to the old Workman building, while grades eleven and twelve remained at Lakeview. In 1987, the high school moved to its current location at 3227 East Graham Road, just over two miles east of the Darrow-Graham intersection. Soon Stow High School officially changed its name to Stow-Munroe Falls High School. Commencement for the high school's 100th graduating class (2009) was held at E. J. Thomas Hall in downtown Akron, long the traditional venue. In 2013, commencement was moved to the Memorial Athletic and Convocation Center in Kent.
Academics.
Stow-Munroe Falls High School offers a broad curriculum designed for students with varying strengths and interests, from college preparatory to intensive career-technical. College bound students opting for a more rigorous schedule may select from 16 Advanced Placement (AP) courses: Art History; Biology; Calculus; Chemistry; Computer Science; English Language; English Literature; European History; Macroeconomics/Microeconomics (combined); Physics; Spanish Language; Statistics; Studio Art Drawing; Studio Art 2D Design; U.S. Government; and U.S. History. Although no AP course is offered in Music Theory, students enrolled in Music Theory 2 do have the option of taking the AP test. The high school is also part of the Six District Educational Compact, a joint program of six area school districts (Cuyahoga Falls, Hudson, Kent, Stow-Munroe Falls, Tallmadge and Woodridge) which share access to each of their vocational training facilities and career resources.
Activities.
The high school offers numerous clubs, activities and programs for students to participate in beyond the classroom: AFS Intercultural Programs; American Civics Center (ACC); Business Professionals of America (BPA); Freshman, Sophomore, Junior and Senior Class Executive Committees; Chess Club; Cooperative Business Education (CBE); DECA; Environmentally Concerned Students (ECS); Foreign Language clubs including French, German, Japanese and Spanish; Interact of Rotary International; Key Club; National Honor Society (NHS); Ohio Math League; Photography Club; Quill and Scroll; Science Olympiad; Ski Club; "Spectrum", a literary and creative arts magazine; "Stoanno", the school yearbook; "Stohion", the school newspaper; "Stow Student News" (television broadcast news); Students Against Destructive Decisions (SADD); Student Council; Teambackers; and Work Study Club.
The Stow-Munroe Falls High School Academic Challenge team is the school's quizbowl team, actively competing in "Academic Challenge", National Academic Quiz Tournaments (NAQT) and the Partnership for Academic Competition Excellence (PACE). During the 2008/09 school year, Stow-Munroe Falls placed 4th in the state as part of NAQT; the team's leading scorer ranked 1st individually at the national level (also NAQT); and the team placed 6th at the 2009 PACE National Scholastics Championship (NSC). The Stow-Munroe Falls High School Speech and Debate team competes in the Eastern Ohio district of the National Forensic League (NFL) and the Akron District of the Ohio High School Speech League (OHSSL). The team has won state titles in 4-Person Policy Debate (1994, 1998), Lincoln-Douglas Debate (2001), and Public Forum Debate (2009). Since 1994, Stow has sent at least eleven students to the NFL National Tournament. The Stow Latin Club – formerly a local chapter of both the Ohio Junior Classical League (OJCL) and the National Junior Classical League (NJCL) – won 28 consecutive state championships, or Overall Sweepstakes trophies, at the annual OJCL State Convention from 1979 to 2006. Stow's Certamen teams also won multiple state titles during this period: five at (1989–90, 1993–95); twelve at (1984–85, 1987–90, 1992, 1994–96, 2004, 2006); and thirteen at the Advanced Level (1978–79, 1981, 1983–85, 1988–90, 1992–93, 1997, 2006). Additionally, club members frequently attended and competed at the NJCL National Convention.
The Stow-Munroe Falls City School District was nationally recognized by the NAMM Foundation as one of the "Best Communities for Music Education" in 2009 and 2010, while the high school itself was recognized in 2012. SMFHS offers courses in music theory, as well as a variety of opportunities to participate in both vocal and instrumental music: the school orchestra, choir and band programs; Madrigals, an a cappella choral group; and the Notables show choir. In addition to offering a Drama Club, Stow-Munroe Falls High School presents several theatrical productions each year: a one-act play festival, the Junior and Senior Class Plays (drama and comedy, respectively), murder mysteries, a children’s theater and the All-School Musical. Theater participants may also qualify for induction into the International Thespian Society (ITS).
With more than 240 students participating for the 2011/12 school year, the band program is the largest organization at Stow-Munroe Falls High School. The Bulldog Marching Band performs during football games in the fall, and at season's end, members are placed into one of four concert bands: the Freshmen Concert Band, the Maroon Symphonic Band, the Gold Symphonic Band, or the Wind Ensemble. Additionally, a jazz program consisting of two jazz bands – Jazz 1 and Jazz 2 – is offered as an extracurricular activity. Bands and band members also compete at Ohio Music Education Association (OMEA) adjudicated events, often receiving superior ratings. The Bulldog Marching Band has twice won the AAA-class competition at the Gator Bowl in Jacksonville, Florida: first in December 1991, then in January 1996. In 2000, the Wind Ensemble performed for the OMEA State Professional Convention, one of three high school bands selected out of 200 statewide through a blind audition.
Athletics.
Stow-Munroe Falls High School is a member of the Northeast District of the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA). Known as the Bulldogs, Stow's 28 varsity athletic teams compete in the Northeast Ohio Conference (NOC): baseball, cheerleading (fall and winter), field hockey, football, gymnastics, softball, and wrestling; and separate boys and girls teams for basketball, bowling, cross country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Before 2007, Stow was a member of the Western Reserve Conference (1996–2007) and Metro League (1936–96). The Cuyahoga Falls Black Tigers are considered Stow's archrival; other SMFHS rivals include the Hudson Explorers and the Kent Roosevelt Rough Riders. Most teams play home matches at Stow-Munroe Falls High School, while the swimming and diving teams hold meets at Akron General Health and Wellness Center North in Stow.
Stow-Munroe Falls won its last state title, and the first won by a boys team, in 2006 when boys soccer defeated Fairfield High School in a shootout match at Columbus Crew Stadium. Girls volleyball last won a state title in 1992, though remains the athletic program's most accomplished team sport: tied for 3rd place statewide for most wins in a season (30-0, 1981); 9th place statewide for most wins all-time (583, 1971–2009); tied for 5th place for most state tournament appearances at 11 (1975–76, 1979–81, 1986, 1989–90, 1992, 1997, 2009); a school-record 28 conference championships; and four state titles in 18 seasons of play.
Stow boys basketball has never won a state title, but was considered one of the nation's most competitive squads in the early 1990s. Teams from both 1990 and 1993 advanced to the state final four, the Associated Press ranked Stow #1 in its final state poll for the 1992/93 season, and "USA Today" repeatedly ranked the teams from the 1992/93 and 1993/94 seasons among the nation's top ten. The girls basketball team finished second in the state in 2007, and girls lacrosse was the Division II state runner-up in 2006 (the majority of Stow teams compete in Division I). In 1996, the baseball team advanced to the state final four, as did boys volleyball in 2001.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2876009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876009" title="Sacred Heart High School, Hammersmith">
Sacred Heart High School, Hammersmith

Sacred Heart High School is a Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status for girls, located in Hammersmith, London, England.
Admissions.
Sacred Heart is a popular girls' school for ages 11–18, located in Hammersmith. The former convent only accepts girls of the Catholic faith and a uniform is obligatory for all girls during the seven years at Sacred Heart. Approximately 900 girls attend the school. The headteacher is Dr. Christine Carpenter and has been so for 23 years. The entrance is via "Bute Gardens".
History.
Foundation.
The school was founded by nuns of the Society of the Sacred Heart in 1893. One of the school buildings is named after the order's founder Madeleine Sophie Barat. It is built on an historic site with a long Catholic tradition dating back to 1609. In 1869 Archbishop Manning decided to convert the convent into a seminary but the original buildings were found to be unsuitable. By January 1876 John Francis Bentley, the architect of Westminster Cathedral, had completed the plans for the current Tudor styled buildings. By July 1884 the seminary was complete, consisting of a chapel, library, school, refectory, common room and upwards of sixty study bedrooms for staff and students.
Grammar school.
In 1948 the convent school was reorganised as a secondary grammar school, continuing as a grammar school, the Convent of Sacred Heart High School, until 1976.
Comprehensive.
The school received its first comprehensive intake in 1976, gradually becoming comprehensive one year at a time until 1981, as the London Sacred Heart High School. It had around 550 girls in 1980. In 1989, a gradual change began to dispose of the sixth form, and by 1991, it was an 11-16 school, with A-levels being taken at the new St Charles Catholic Sixth Form College, in Kensington and Chelsea. From 1990, it was the responsibility of Hammersmith and Fulham, and since 1991 the headteacher has been Christine Carpenter, who replaced Moira Russell.
Apart from the twenty years as a seminary in the late nineteenth century, this site has a 330 year tradition of contributing to the education of young women. The school building was designed by John Francis Bentley, also responsible for Westminster Cathedral. In 1993 Cardinal Basil Hume, Archbishop of Westminster, visited the school for a Mass to celebrate its 100th anniversary.
The school was awarded beacon school honors, and in 2005 it became a specialist school in Mathematics and ICT. 
From September 2006, the school has improved nutrition by taking away the chocolate vending machines and not allowing girls to bring in that kind of food. Fruits and vegetables should be eaten during lunch. A new fruit juice machine has been introduced.
Both the pupils and the teachers are encouraged to take part in regular activities both within and outside the school community, and all the years contribute to raising money and awareness of political, social and economic status' around the world. The school raises large amounts of money each year for various charities around the world.
Academy.
On 1 March 2012, Sacred Heart High School officially gained academy status.
Sixth Form.
From September 2013, the school has a sixth form.
Academic performance.
The school has achieved a lot of A*s in the GCSEs and for brighter pupils, it is possible to be taught AS level Mathematics. For some girls, in year 9, they will start to work on their Maths GCSEs.
It gets exceptionally good GCSE results.
Controversy.
In July 1999 the Press Complaints Commission (PCC) upheld a complaint against the "Mail on Sunday", from Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie, who had claimed that they had improperly used their influence to secure the admission of their daughter, Kathryn, to Sacred Heart High School, some six miles from where they live, when other local girls were rejected. The PCC said: "There was no evidence to support the allegation that Kathryn Blair was unfairly admitted or had received special treatment, and the newspaper did not provide any."

</doc>
<doc id="2876015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876015" title="Tony Fisher (American football)">
Tony Fisher (American football)

Tony Fisher (born October 12, 1979) is a former American football running back who was signed to the Green Bay Packers as a free agent. He also played for the Green Bay Packers and St. Louis Rams. He was signed by the New York Jets on July 27, 2007 but was released just two weeks later.
In 1997, Fisher won the prestigious Mr. Football Award as the player deemed to be the best football player in the State of Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2876020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876020" title="Optimum programming">
Optimum programming

In the history of computing, optimum programming is the practice of arranging a computer program's instructions in memory so as to minimize the time the machine spends waiting for instructions. It is of historical interest mainly due to the design of many early digital computers.
Most early computers used some form of serial memory (primarily delay line memory). Unlike the random access memory of modern computers, words in serial memory are made available one at a time; the time required to access a particular word depends on the "distance" between it and the word currently being read. If a given line held "n" words, the average time to read a word would be formula_1 word times. Without optimum coding, such a machine would spend most of its time idly waiting for instructions and data.
To circumvent this problem, many machines, particularly the ACE and its descendants, included in their instruction format a field specifying the address of the next instruction to be executed. Employing optimum coding, the programmer could locate an instruction such that it would be available in memory just as the preceding instruction had finished. For example, if a programmer had just coded an ADD instruction at address 400, and the ADD instruction required 4 word-times to execute, the programmer would set the "Next Address" field of the instruction to 404, and would place the next instruction there.
In the United States, optimum coding was most commonly employed on the IBM 650 and the Bendix G-15. Both machines had optimizing assemblers (SOAP for the IBM, POGO for Bendix) that could automate this task.

</doc>
<doc id="2876023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876023" title="George Rowley">
George Rowley

George Rowley (4 April 1782 – 5 October 1836) was Dean and Master of University College, Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
Rowley was educated at Abingdon School in Abingdon, south of Oxford.
George Rowley was the Dean of University College in the early 19th century, at the time of Percy Bysshe Shelley's expulsion for writing the pamphlet "The Necessity of Atheism" in 1811. He became Master of University College from 1821 to 1836 and later Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University from 1832 to 1836. He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society on 14 November 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="2876031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876031" title="Jay Heimowitz">
Jay Heimowitz

Jay B. Heimowitz (born December 26, 1937) is an American poker player from Bethel, New York. Heimowitz was one of the original players to help establish the Mayfair Club as a premier poker house.
Heimowitz started playing poker for baseball cards at the age of 9. He went on to join the U.S. Army; by the time he left the service at age 21, Heimowitz had won approximately $10,000 playing against his fellow servicemen.
Heimowitz used this money to invest in a beer company, which he later sold to Budweiser.
Heimowitz has attended the World Series of Poker (WSOP) since 1975 and has won six bracelets:
Heimowitz won a Poker After Dark title on his sole appearance, earning $120,000. The show was themed around former Mayfair Club regulars with a table composed of Heimowitz, Mickey Appleman, Dan Harrington, Mike Shichtman, Howard Lederer, and Steve Zolotow.
As of 2009, he has made over $2,000,000 in live tournament winnings. His 36 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,503,615 of those winnings.
Outside of poker, Heimowitz enjoys keeping himself fit. He lives with his wife Carole (they married in 1960.) They have four sons (Eddie, Lonnie, Roy and Neil) and grandchildren (Katelyn, Jaclyn, Angelo, Max, Sofia, Jake, Anatoly, Casey, and Neil Patrick). 

</doc>
<doc id="2876032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876032" title="1935 German Grand Prix">
1935 German Grand Prix

The 1935 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 28 July 1935.
Classification.
Race.
The 1935 event was considered to be one of the greatest motorsports victories of all time. The 1935 German Grand Prix at Nürbugring was held under one of the most chilling and dreadful conditions. An estimated of 300,000 German fans including some of the most powerful and high ranking Third Reich officers showed up on for the race that was run over the course of 22.8km consisting of 174 turns. There were high expectations that one of the German drivers would win the race since they had the most powerful and advanced car in opposed to their competitors. Three Alfa-Romeo was presented by the Scuderia Ferrari team and were driven by Italian drivers, Tazio Nuvolari, Louis Chiron and Antonio Brivio. The rest of the competitors were from Maserati, ERA and Bugatti and were contested under private teams. Italian legend, Tazio Nuvolari's Alfa Romeo P3 Tipo B was modified having his engine capacity increased from 3.2 to 3.8 litre, 330bhp.
The race position was determined by a ballot and Tazio Nuvolari secured the front row at P2 but due to a poor start, Nuvolari dropped down to the third place with team mates Brivio retiring at lap 1 and Chiron at Lap 5 leaving Tazio with the only Ferrari left competing in the race. Italian legend Tazio Nuvolari, drove a very hard race in appalling conditions, and after a dreadful start was able to pass a number of cars, particularly while some of the German cars pitted. By lap 10, Nuvolari was already leading the race while the rest of the cars were struggling to maintain a grip on the now rain-soaked track. After a botched pit in which he lost a total of 2 minutes and 14 seconds due to refuelling delays from a broken pressure pump, he joined the race at 6th place. He drove on the limit, made up the time and was 2nd by the start of the last lap- 35 seconds behind leader Manfred von Brauchitsch in a Mercedes. But von Brauchitsch had ruined his tyres by pushing very hard in the dreadful conditions- and Nuvolari was able to catch the German and take victory in front of the stunned German High Command and 300,000 spectators. The small 42-year old Italian ended up finishing in front of 8 running Silver Arrows- and 2nd placed Hans Stuck was 2 minutes behind Nuvolari.
For 1935, Nuvolari set his sights on a drive with the German Auto Union team. The team were lacking top-line drivers, but relented to pressure from Achille Varzi who did not want to be in the same teams as Nuvolari. Nuvolari then approached Enzo Ferrari, but was turned down as he had previously walked out on the team. However, Mussolini, the Italian prime minister, intervened and Ferrari backed down.
In this year, Nuvolari scored his most impressive victory, thought by many to be the greatest victory in car racing of all times, when at the German Grand Prix at the Nürburgring, driving an old Alfa Romeo P3 (3167 cc, compressor, 265 hp) versus the dominant, all conquering home team's cars of five Mercedes-Benz W25 (3990 cm³, 8C, compressor, 375 hp (280 kW), driven by Caracciola, Fagioli, Hermann Lang, Manfred von Brauchitsch and Geyer) and four Auto Union Tipo B (4950 cc, 16C, compressor, 375 hp (280 kW), driven by Bernd Rosemeyer, Varzi, Hans Stuck and Paul Pietsch). This victory is known as "The Impossible Victory". The crowd of 300,000 applauded Nuvolari, but the representatives of the Third Reich were enraged.

</doc>
<doc id="2876033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876033" title="Sibel Redžep">
Sibel Redžep

Sibel Redžep (, ) (born 12 December 1987, Radoviš, Socialist Republic of Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian-born Swedish pop singer of Turkish descent. She is known from the Swedish television show "Idol 2005", where she was the second runner up.
She was also a semifinalist of "Idol 2004", where she placed fourth in her group but didn't make it to the finals.
Before she joined the show she lived in Kristianstad, Sweden. Sibel speaks Swedish, Turkish, English, French and a little Chinese and German. She was in the background vocals for the 2009 hit single "It's Alright, It's OK" by Ashley Tisdale.
Early life.
She was born in Radoviš, in the mountains of south-eastern Macedonia, then Yugoslavia. Her family lived in the nearby small Turkish village of Topolnica. 
In 2004, 16-year old Redžep entered Swedish talent contest "Idol". She sang "Beautiful" by Christina Aguilera, reducing the usually hard-faced judge Peter Swartling to tears. The following year she was beaten to the final by Agnes Carlsson and Sebastian Karlsson.
Career.
Sibel's management team includes "Idol" judge Peter Swartling, who immediately after the loss of Sibel in the penultimate round of Idol 2005. Swartling stood to his word and in the summer of 2006, he started work with Sibel in the studio with songwriter/producer Christian Antblad in Dublin. With Sibel at the microphone it was decided that they would work with big ballads for her voice. One of the ballads, "How I Tried To Let You Go" was originally a small idea for a chorus sung by Sibel over the phone, which was taken to the studio where Christian and Peter immediately fell for it. With a total of about thirty songs recorded, Sibel returned to the home town of Kristianstad to graduate from high school.
Melodifestivalen 2008.
Redžep participated in Melodifestivalen 2008 with the ballad "That Is Where I'll Go", in the last semifinal, where she advanced to "Andra chansen" (second chance), and subsequently made it to the finals. In hope of representing Sweden at Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia. She was lost to Charlotte Perrelli, who later represented Sweden in the Eurovision 2008.
Since the show Sibel has released her album "The Diving Belle" and two singles, "That Is Where I'll Go" and "Make Believe. There are plans to release her debut album in her native language, Turkish.
Melodifestivalen 2010.
Redžep participated in Melodifestivalen 2010 with the song "Stop". She performed in semifinal 4, held on 27 February. The song was written by Mikaela Stenström and Dimitri Stassos. She competed for the chance to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest, but she failed, as she only placed 7th. The 2010 contest was held in Oslo, Norway on 29 May 2010.
Shake It Up 2010.
In 2010 Sibel Redžep recorded the song "Our Generation" for Disney Channel's Dancing TV Show Shake It Up which feature on .

</doc>
<doc id="2876034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876034" title="List of CSX Transportation lines">
List of CSX Transportation lines

CSX Transportation owns and operates a vast network of rail lines in the United States east of the Mississippi River. In addition to the major systems which merged to form CSX - the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Chesapeake and Ohio Railway, Louisville and Nashville Railroad, Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and Seaboard Air Line Railroad - it also owns major lines in the Northeast acquired from the 1998 breakup of Conrail.
The lines are split into two regions - Northern and Southern, further split into divisions (five per region), and finally into subdivisions, most of which consist of a single main line with short branches. Huntington East and West division timetables to be merged 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2876039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876039" title="Parks and open spaces in Camden">
Parks and open spaces in Camden

The London Borough of Camden is arguably the greenest of the Inner London boroughs. This is largely because it contains most of the extensive swathe of land that is Hampstead Heath. But there are also many smaller green spaces, like Primrose Hill. The Central London part of the borough, south of the Euston Road, is characterised by its elegant and historic squares, like Tavistock Square and Bedford Square, and the Regent's Canal (a 'Green Route') runs through the borough, around the top edge of Regent's Park, part of which is also in Camden. (Confusingly, while Highgate Cemetery is in Camden, Highgate Wood is in the neighbouring borough of Haringey.)
Apart from Camden Council, a variety of agencies are responsible for the upkeep of open space in the
borough. For example, Hampstead Heath is mostly owned by the City of London Corporation, though the Kenwood House area of the Heath is maintained by English Heritage. Highgate Cemetery is managed by its own trust, Highgate Cemetery Ltd. The Phoenix Garden is managed by an independent charity.
Some open spaces of note:
Nature reserves.
The borough has four Local Nature Reserves:
It has one Site of Special Scientific Interest:

</doc>
<doc id="2876041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876041" title="Fels Institute of Government">
Fels Institute of Government

The Fels Institute of Government is the University of Pennsylvania's graduate program in public policy and public management. Its practical approach to public management education, its Ivy League pedigree and its relatively small size make it one of the nation's leading boutique programs in public affairs. The Institute was founded in 1937 by Samuel Simeon Fels of the Fels Naptha Soap Company in response to a wave of corruption and mismanagement in Pennsylvania government. Originally established for the purpose of training local government officials, over time Fels broadened its mission; it now prepares its students for public leadership positions in city, state, and Federal agencies, elective politics, nonprofit organizations, and private firms with close connections to the public sector. Its 2,000 living alumni work in leadership roles across the US and around the world. As of August, 2008 the Executive Director of the Fels Institute is David Thornburgh, a long-time civic and business leader in the Philadelphia region and son of Attorney General and former Pennsylvania Governor Dick Thornburgh.
The Fels Institute is housed in Samuel Fels' former residence, a brick mansion located on the west end of the University of Pennsylvania's campus.
Academics.
Fels offers a Master of Public Administration degree in both a full-time and executive (part-time) formats. Fels also offers 5-course certificates in Economic Development and Growth, Nonprofit Administration, Politics, and Public Finance. 
The University of Pennsylvania.
Penn students can take elective courses in any of the University's 12 graduate schools. Students can also take advantage of multiple dual degree options, including the Juris Doctor-Master of Public Administration (JD/MPA) degree in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania Law School, the MBA/MPA with the Wharton School, the MEd/MPA through the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Education, and the MSSP/MPA in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania School of Social Policy and Practice.
The MPA degree.
The MPA is a 12-course program designed to provide a broad-based education that prepares students to move within and between government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private firms engaging in public sector work. The curriculum develops core competencies in analysis, management, finance, and politics that are applicable to different contexts. Eight core courses cover the fundamentals of effective public administration, developing competencies in analysis, management, finance and politics. Four elective courses give students the opportunity to apply the skills and theories introduced in the core courses to a particular policy topic or sector.
Courses.
Courses at Fels are divided into four categories: politics, economic development and growth, nonprofit administration, and public finance. A Fels certificate can be earned in any of these areas; or students who wish for broader training can take classes from multiple areas.
Courses include: Policy Development, Performance Management, Fundraising for Nonprofit Organizations, Ancient and Modern Constitutionmaking, Leadership and Politics, Dealing With the Media, Public Finance Investment Banking, The Politics of Housing and Community Development, Lobbying, State Elective Politics, and Foundations and Grant Management.
Faculty.
Faculty members include:
The Fels approach: "Leadership for Results".
The entire Fels experience is centered around its aim of educating leaders to produce results that matter to citizens. Fels students benefit from being in a small graduate program within a much larger Ivy League university. The Institute has approximately 140 students in its full-time and executive programs. Students work in small cohorts of about 35 students, making for a vibrant, close-knit community of scholars to work with and learn from. Students also receive a high level of personal attention from staff and faculty, who get to know their interests and strengths well.
At Fels, students experience and practice the institute's public service mission by conducting research and providing consulting services for government and nonprofit entities. Fels projects enable to put into practice the skills and theories they learn in the classroom while gaining real-word experience; and by partnering with external organizations, Fels projects bring the intellectual capacity of the University to bear on the challenges facing public and nonprofit organizations.
Recent Projects (2008)
The Fels Institute's active research and consulting program distinguishes it as a top-notch "think and do" tank. Fels projects bring Fels staff, alumni, and students together to tackle tough public problems. Recent Fels projects include:
The Fels Performance Action Team, a group of students, staff, and faculty, worked with the City of Philadelphia to transform data-driven leadership into tangible results through its PhillyStat and Budgeting for Outcomes initiatives.
The Pennsylvania Leadership Academy supported Pennsylvania state government officials in identifying and implementing performance-based management strategies.
The Neighborhood Change Project revisited and assessd the current condition of 533 formerly vacant properties in Southwest Center City Philadelphia, providing insight into the process of neighborhood change.
Fels Publications.
"Vacant Property Reclamation and Neighborhood Change in Southwest Center City Philadelphia" (July 2008): Details the current status of vacant properties surveyed in 1998 to better understand the changing neighborhood.
"MyVote1 National Election Report" (Christopher Patusky, Allison Brummel, & Timothy Schmidt, August 2007): Summarizes the results of the 2006 MyVote1 National Election Hotline project.
"The Philadelphia SchoolStat Model" (Leigh Botwinik, Christopher Patusky, Mary Shelley, 2007): Describes how the Compstat and CitiStat models were adapted for the Philadelphia School District, what performance improvements occurred after implementation, and which features of the approach seemed to be the biggest contributors to improvement.
"Making the Most of Social Media" (Chris Kingsley, Allison Brummel, Catharine Lamb, & Jack Higgins, 2009): Discusses the growth of Social Media over the past several years, including the challenges associated with adopting them for public use - legal, practical and political, and distills the experience of cities who have done this both more and less effectively into seven suggestions that cover the full cycle of adoption, from pre-planning to self-evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="2876045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876045" title="J. L. B. Smith">
J. L. B. Smith

James Leonard Brierley Smith, known as J.L.B. Smith (26 October 18977 January 1968) was a South African ichthyologist, organic chemist and university professor. He was the first to identify a taxidermied fish as a coelacanth, at the time thought long extinct.
Early life.
Born in Graaff-Reinet, Smith was the elder of two sons of Joseph Smith and his wife, Emily Ann Beck. Educated at country schools at Noupoort, De Aar, and Aliwal North, he finally matriculated in 1914 from the Diocesan College, Rondebosch. He obtained a BA degree in Chemistry from the University of the Cape of Good Hope in 1916 and an MSc degree in Chemistry at Stellenbosch University in 1918. Smith went to the United Kingdom, where he received his Ph.D at Cambridge University in 1922. After returning to South Africa, he became Senior Lecturer and later on an Associate Professor of Organic Chemistry at Rhodes University in Grahamstown.
From 1922 to 1937, he was married to Henrietta Cecile Pienaar, who was a descendant of Andrew Murray, and whose father was a minister of the NG Kerk at Somerset West. Three children resulted from the marriage.
In Grahamstown, he met Margaret Mary Macdonald, born at Indwe in the Eastern Cape on 26 September 1916. After her school education, she studied at Rhodes University, where she obtained a B.Sc. degree in Physics and Chemistry. She had intended to study medicine, but in 1938 married Smith and became his assistant in the department of ichthyology at the university.
His interest in ichthyology was sparked in childhood during a vacation in Knysna.
Discovery of the coelacanth.
In 1938, Smith was informed of the discovery of an unusual and unidentified fish by Marjorie Courtenay-Latimer, curator of the East London Museum. When he arrived in East London in February 1939, he was able to identify it immediately as a coelacanth, which was then thought to have been extinct for over 65 million years, and he named the species "Latimeria" after her. He was instrumental in organising the search which provided science with the second specimen of the species 14 years later.
Smith and his wife Margaret worked jointly on the popular "Sea Fishes of South Africa", which was first published in 1949, followed by other writings until 1968. Among these were over 500 papers on fish and the naming of some 370 new fish species.
Death and legacy.
Smith was suffering from cancer when he took his own life on 7 January 1968 by cyanide poisoning. According to those who knew him, he had said years earlier that he had no intention of living past 70. His widow Margaret founded the Institute of Ichthyology in Grahamstown. His son is the renowned South African television science and mathematics teacher William Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="2876046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876046" title="Beverly Wilshire Hotel">
Beverly Wilshire Hotel

The Beverly Wilshire Hotel is a historic hotel located at 9500 Wilshire Boulevard on the east side of South Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, California. It was constructed by real estate developer Walter G. McCarty on the site of the former Beverly Hills Speedway. It was completed in 1928 (when the city had fewer than 18,000 residents), and was then known as the "Beverly Wilshire Apartment Hotel". The E-shaped structure is built of a special Tuscan stone and Carrara marble in the Italian Renaissance architecture style. Since 2006, Wolfgang Puck has operated the restaurant "Cut" in the hotel.
Renamed the Beverly Wilshire Hotel by new owners, it was renovated with a ballroom in the 1940s to accommodate the popular big bands of the day. An Olympic-sized swimming pool was built and championship tennis courts were added, with tennis champion Pancho Gonzalez as tennis director.
The hotel changed hands in 1958 and again in 1961, when it was purchased by a group of investors headed by Hernando Courtright.
The singer Elvis Presley and later the actor Warren Beatty lived several years in the hotel. It was also the home of John Lennon, when he had separated for several months from his wife Yoko Ono.
The American socialite and Woolworth department store heiress Barbara Hutton spent her last years in near poverty and poor health in the hotel and died there in May 1979.
Acquired by Regent International Hotels in 1985, the 395-room luxury hotel has been managed by Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts since 1992.
Famous guests have included, among many others, President Barack Obama, the Emperor of Japan Hirohito, the Dalai Lama and Sadruddin Aga Khan, as well as the actors Michael Caine, Michael Douglas, Farrah Fawcett, Dustin Hoffman, Anjelica Huston, Elton John, Robert Pattinson, Walter Matthau, Banu Alkan,
, and Al Pacino.
The Beverly Wilshire was the primary filming location for the 1990 movie "Pretty Woman".
The Beverly Wilshire was a common filming location for HBO's "Entourage" television series, with cast and crew filming there at least three times per season when it was produced from 2004 until 2011.
See also.
Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts

</doc>
<doc id="2876051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876051" title="Theodor Kjerulf">
Theodor Kjerulf

Theodor Kjerulf (30 March 1825 – 25 October 1888) was a Norwegian geologist and poet.
He was born in Christiania, and was the brother of Halfdan Kjerulf. He was educated in the Royal Frederick University and subsequently studied at Heidelberg, working in Robert Bunsen's laboratory. In 1858, he was hired as a lecturer at the Royal Frederick University. In the same year, he became director of the Norwegian Geological Survey, which he had been instrumental in establishing. In 1866 he was promoted to professor of geology.
His contributions to the geology of Norway were numerous and important, especially concerning the southern portion of the country, the structure and relations of the Archaean and Palaeozoic rocks, and the glacial phenomena. His principal works were "Das Christiania Silurbecken" (1855) and "Udsigt over det sydlige Norges Geologi" (1879). Kjerulf was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1869.
He also published three collections of poetry; in 1848, 1854 and 1866. From 1856 to 1857 he was the chairman of the Norwegian Polytechnic Society.
Kjerulf was brother-in-law to Norwegian artist Hans Gude. He died in Kristiania on 25 October 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="2876053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876053" title="Clive Griffiths">
Clive Griffiths

Clive Griffiths may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876061" title="Isomalt">
Isomalt

Isomalt is a sugar substitute, a type of sugar alcohol, used primarily for its sugar-like physical properties. It has only a small impact on blood sugar levels and does not promote tooth decay, i.e. is toothfriendly. Its energy value is 2 kcal/g, half that of sugars. However, like most sugar alcohols, it carries a risk of gastric distress, including flatulence and diarrhea, when consumed in large quantities. Therefore, isomalt is advised to not be consumed in quantities larger than about 50 g per day for adults and 25 g for children. Isomalt may prove upsetting to the intestinal tract because the body treats it as a dietary fiber instead of as a simple carbohydrate. Therefore, like most fibers, it can increase bowel movements, passing through the bowel in virtually undigested form. As with other dietary fibers, regular consumption of isomalt might eventually lead one to become desensitized to it, decreasing the risk of intestinal upset. Isomalt is typically blended with a high-intensity sweetener such as sucralose, so that the mixture has about the sweetness of sugar. 
Isomalt is an equimolar mixture of two disaccharides, each composed of two sugars: glucose and mannitol (α-D-glucopyranosido-1,6-mannitol) and also glucose and sorbitol (α-D-glucopyranosido-1,6-sorbitol). Complete hydrolysis of isomalt yields glucose (50%), sorbitol (25%), and mannitol (25%). It is an odorless, white, crystalline substance containing about 5% water of crystallisation. Isomalt has a minimal cooling effect (positive heat of solution), lower than many other sugar alcohols, in particular, xylitol and erythritol.
Isomalt is manufactured in a two-stage process in which sucrose is first transformed into isomaltulose, a reducing disaccharide (6-"O"-α-D-glucopyranosido-D-fructose). The isomaltulose is then hydrogenated, using a Raney nickel catalyst. The final product — isomalt — is an equimolar composition of 6-"O"-α-D-glucopyranosido-D-sorbitol (1,6-GPS) and 1-"O"-α-D-glucopyranosido-D-mannitol-dihydrate (1,1-GPM-dihydrate).
Isomalt has been approved for use in the United States since 1990. It is also permitted for use in Australia, New Zealand, Switzerland, Canada, Norway, Mexico, Iran, and the Netherlands. (note: List of countries is not exhaustive).
Isomalt can be used in sugar sculpture and is preferred by some because it will not crystallise as quickly as sucrose.

</doc>
<doc id="2876071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876071" title="List of DualDisc releases">
List of DualDisc releases

Since its mass rollout, some of 2004 and 2005's most popular albums have been released on DualDisc in the hopes that the extra exposure will help the new technology gain acceptance in the marketplace.
Note: A typical DualDisc will have a DVD side that is DVD-Audio formatted. However, this is not the case with several titles. Instead, a standard DVD-Video format DVD side will be present, and will not actually meet the high-fidelity sound that DVD-Audio provides. In other words, not all DualDisc titles are also DVD-Audio titles.
High profile DualDisc releases.
Some of the high-profile titles which have seen release on DualDisc include:

</doc>
<doc id="2876082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876082" title="Pardaillan">
Pardaillan

Pardaillan, the name of an old French family of Armagnac, of which several members distinguished themselves in the service of the kings of France in the 16th and 17th centuries. Antoine Arnaud de Pardaillan, maréchal de camp, served Henry IV in Franche-Comté, Picardy and Savoy, and was created marquis de Montespan in 1612 and marquis d'Antin in 1615 under Louis XIII. His grandson Louis Henri Pardaillan, marquis de Montespan, was the husband of Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan, the mistress of Louis XIV. Louis Antoine de Pardaillan de Gondrin (1665–1736), legitimate son of the famous marquise, became lieutenant-general of the armies of the king in 1702, governor of the Orléanais, director-general of buildings in. 1708, lieutenant-general in Alsace, member of the council of regency, and minister of state. He was created duc d'Antin in 1711. The last duc d'Antin, Louis, died in 1757.
The Knight of Pardaillan is also a fictional character in the cloak and dagger novels "Les Pardaillan" by Michel Zévaco. A series which captured the attention of a young Jean-Paul Sartre, who describes his imagination as being suspended in his autobiography "The Words" between the famous tragedian Corneille and the knight-errant Pardaillan.

</doc>
<doc id="2876086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876086" title="Ashley Eden">
Ashley Eden

The Honourable Sir Ashley Eden KCSI CIE (13 November 1831 – 8 July 1887) was an official and diplomat in British India.
Background and education.
Eden was born at Hertingfordbury, Hertfordshire, the third son of Robert Eden, 3rd Baron Auckland, Bishop of Bath and Wells, by Mary Hurt, daughter of Francis Edward Hurt, of Alderwasley, Derbyshire. His uncle was George Eden, 1st Earl of Auckland. He was educated first at Rugby and then at Winchester, until 1849, in which year he received a nomination to the Indian civil service.
Public life.
Eden spent 1850 and 1851 at the East India Company's college at Haileybury, but did not pass out last of his term until December 1851. In 1852 he reached India, and was first posted as assistant to the magistrate and collector of Rájsháhí. In 1856 he was promoted to be magistrate at Moorshedábád, and during the Indian Mutiny he checked sympathy with the revolt in that city. In 1860 he was appointed secretary to the government of Bengal and an "ex officio" member of the Bengal legislative council. This post he held for eleven years, during the last part of Sir John Peter Grant's lieutenant-governorship, and throughout Sir Cecil Beadon's and Sir William Grey's terms of office.
In 1860 Eden accompanied a force ordered to invade the hill state of Sikkim in the Himalayas, as political agent, and in March 1861 he signed a treaty with the raja, which secured protection to travellers and free trade. This success caused Eden to be appointed special envoy to the hill state of Bhutan in 1863. He was accompanied by no armed force and his demands were rejected. He signed a treaty favourable to the Bhutiás. This treaty was not ratified by the supreme government, and the Bhutan war was the result.
In 1871 Eden became the first civilian governor of British Burma, a post he held until his appointment in 1877 as lieutenant-governor of Bengal. In 1878 he was made a K.C.S.I., and in 1882 resigned the lieutenant-governorship. After his retirement from India, on being appointed a member of the secretary of state's council in 1882, admirers founded in his honour the Eden Hospital for Women and Children in Calcutta, and a statue was erected. The Eden canal joins the Ganges and the Tistá, and was intended to relieve Bihar from famine. Eden returned to England and attended the council for the remainder of his life.
Personal life.
Eden married Eva Maria Money, daughter of Vice-Admiral Rowland Money. They had no children. Eden died suddenly of paralysis on 9 July 1887, aged 55.

</doc>
<doc id="2876088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876088" title="SMED">
SMED

SMED can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2876094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876094" title="WLEY-FM">
WLEY-FM

WLEY-FM (107.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Aurora, Illinois, USA, the station serves the Chicago, Rockford area. The station is currently owned by Wley Licensing, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station has been locally owned since its 1965 sign on as WMRO-FM. They played adult contemporary music of some sort over the years. They did go through various formats over the many years. The station was known as WAUR-FM by 1970. In 1986 WAUR was sold to Beasley Broadcasting. They continued as an adult contemporary station, serving the Aurora area at that time. By the late 1980s, the call letters were changed to WYSY-FM "Y-108 - Doin' It In The 'Burbs!" The AM sister station WMRO (AM) 1280, became WYSY-AM, simulcasting Y-108, and it later became WBIG (AM). For a while in 1993, the station played Adult Top 40 days and hard rock/metal at night.
In late 1993, WYSY was sold to Cox Communications to form a duopoly with classic rock WCKG-FM 105.9. The station switched to an all '70s hits format in 1994. Initially, they played all types of '70s music such as easy listening, soft rock, pop, disco, hard rock, classic rock, soul, novelty, and others. By 1995, the station was mixing in popular '60s and '80s hits. The music narrowed to a blend of pop rock, pop, disco, soft rock, and soul. 
In 1996, when the FCC allowed companies to own up to 5 AM and 5 FM stations per market, but totaling no more than 8 in all, CBS bought this station, along with its sister station WCKG, on May 16. At the time CBS already owned WBBM (AM) and WBBM-FM. They also acquired WMAQ and WXRT from Westinghouse. This gave CBS 4 FM stations and 2 AM stations.
In 1997, with the merger of Infinity, CBS owned news 780 WBBM, talk/sports WJJD 1160, news 670 WMAQ, WSCR 820 AM (Daytime Sports Talk), AAA 93.1 WXRT, rhythmic/CHR WBBM-FM 96.3, Country 99.5 WUSN, 104.3 oldies WJMK, talk WCKG 105.9, and 107.9 WYSY, playing mostly '70s hits. This gave CBS nine stations in total: altogether one station "too many" (given ownership restrictions), and one station too many on the FM band alone. CBS/Infinity thus opted to sell the stations with the lowest ratings (and weakest signals), which were WYSY (transmitter in Bloomingdale, IL, co-located with WMAQ 670 AM) and WSCR AM 820 (sold to Douglas Broadcasting; WSCR then relocated to the 24-hour 1160 AM signal). CBS sold WYSY to Spanish Broadcasting System. On July 4, 1997, after a 3-month stunt similar to the adult hits format played by a man named "Bill", WYSY flipped to WLEY and took on a Spanish Adult Contemporary format leaning on Mexican Music. Eventually, WLEY evolved into a Regional Mexican music format focusing on Ranchera.

</doc>
<doc id="2876095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876095" title="Clive Malcolm Griffiths">
Clive Malcolm Griffiths

Clive Malcolm Griffiths worked for several Italian TV and radio stations, including Videomusic, Radio Deejay and Italia 1, and Radio Monte Carlo.
Early days.
Born on 26 January in St Leonards-on-Sea, Sussex, UK, he started his career in the media in 1984 as TV presenter and producer for Videomusic, the first musical TV channel in Europe. presented the Italian links for the World Music Video Awards (300 million viewers) with Bill Wyman and Rick Hutton in 1986 and Estate Rock with Ron Wood on RAI 1. After English teaching programs on Italia 1 and Telemontecarlo in 1990 leaves the world of television and music.
Clive subsequently created and organized festivals:
TV and Radio.
From 1997 he went back to his roots in television and radio, writing and presenting sketches for "Le Iene", a daily program on Italia 1, an Italian TV channel.
From 1997 to 2000 he worked on the Brit Awards and other programs on TVL, broadcast on Stream, an Italian cable TV platform.
From October 1998 to June 2000 he broadcast "Wordaday" on the Italian Radio Deejay, a daily micro-program about the English language. Since 2000, Clive has worked for Radio Monte Carlo, where he broadcasts "Monte Carlo Nights" and then his micro-program about English language, "Speak easy".
External links.
www.clive.it

</doc>
<doc id="2876110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876110" title="Peter the Wild Boy">
Peter the Wild Boy

Peter the Wild Boy (born "c." 1713; died 22 February 1785) was a mentally handicapped boy from Hanover in northern Germany who was found in 1725 living wild in the woods near Hamelin (Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg), the town of Pied Piper legend. The boy, of unknown parentage, had been living an entirely feral existence for an unknown length of time, surviving by eating forest flora; he walked on all fours, exhibited uncivilized behaviour and could not be taught to speak a language. He is now believed to have suffered from the very rare genetic disorder Pitt-Hopkins Syndrome.
Peter was found in the Hertswold Forest by a party of hunters led by George I while on a visit to his Hanover homeland and brought to Great Britain in 1726 by order of his daughter Caroline of Ansbach Princess of Wales.
Life in London.
After Peter's transportation to Britain, curiosity and speculation concerning Peter was excited in London. The craze was the subject of a biting satire by Jonathan Swift, and of another entitled "The Most Wonderful Wonder that ever appeared to the Wonder of the British Nation", which has been attributed to Swift and John Arbuthnot. Daniel Defoe also wrote on the subject in his pamphlet "Mere Nature Delineated". James Burnett, Lord Monboddo in his "Origin and Progress of Language" presents Peter as an illustration of his theory of the evolution of the human species.
Caroline Princess of Wales took an interest in Peter's welfare, and in 1726, after the initial public curiosity began to subside, she arranged for Dr Arbuthnot to oversee his education. All efforts to teach him to speak, read or write failed.
The interior designer and painter William Kent included a depiction of Peter in a large painting of King George I’s court today hangs on the east wall of the King’s Staircase at Kensington Palace in London. Peter is shown wearing a green coat and holding oak leaves and acorns in his right hand.
Life in Northchurch.
After he was discharged from the supervision of Dr Arbuthnot, he was entrusted to the care of Mrs. Titchbourn, one of the Queen's bedchamber women, with a handsome pension annexed to the charge. Mrs. Titchbourn usually spent a few weeks every summer at the house of Mr. James Fenn, a yeoman farmer, at Axter's End, in the parish of Northchurch, Hertfordshire. Peter was left there in the care of Mr. Fenn, who was allowed £35 a year for his support and maintenance. After the death of James Fenn he was transferred to the care of James's brother, Thomas Fenn, at another farmhouse, called Broadway, where he lived with the several successive tenants of that farm, and with the same government pension, to the time of his death.
In the late summer of 1751 Peter went missing from Broadway Farm and could not be traced. Advertisements were placed in newspapers offering a reward for his safe return. On 22 October 1751 a fire broke out in the parish of St Andrew's in Norwich. As the fire spread, the local gaol became engulfed in smoke and flame. The frightened inmates were hastily released and one aroused considerable curiosity on account of his remarkable appearance, excessively hirsute and strong, and the nature of the sounds he made, which led some to describe him as an orangutan. Some days later he was identified as Peter the Wild Boy, possibly through a description of him in the "London Evening Post". He was returned to Thomas Fenn's farm, and had a special leather collar with his name and address made for him to wear in future should he ever stray again.
Peter lived to an estimated 70 years of age. He was visited in 1782 by the Scottish philosopher and judge James Burnett, Lord Monboddo and was said to have a healthy complexion with a full white beard and apparently understood what was said to him but was himself only capable of saying the words "Peter" and "King George" and humming a few songs. There is a portrait of the "Wild Boy", depicting a handsome old man with a white beard, in Caulfield's "Portraits of Remarkable Persons".
Death and burial.
Peter died 22 February 1785 and is buried in Northchurch. His grave can still be seen in the churchyard of St Mary's Church, Northchurch, directly outside the main door to the church.
On 20 February 2013 it was announced by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport that the grave was to be given Grade II listing on the advice of English Heritage.
In 2007 a blue heritage plaque was placed at the Wild Man pub in Bedford Street, near St Andrew's in Norwich, commemorating Peter and his association with the district.
Modern assessment.
In 2011, the condition that afflicted Peter the Wild Boy was suspected to be the chromosomal disorder Pitt–Hopkins syndrome, a condition identified only in 1978, nearly 200 years after Peter's death. Various physical attributes of Peter's which are evident in the Kensington Palace portrait have been matched to the condition, such as his curvy "Cupid's bow" lips, his short stature, his coarse, curly hair, drooping eyelids and thick lips.
An item on the BBC Radio 4 programme "Making History" broadcast in March 2011 examined the history of Peter the Wild Boy, tracing his life in Northchurch and later in Berkhamsted, where a leather and brass collar designed to identify Peter in case he should wander away from the village and inscribed "Peter the Wild Man" is preserved at Berkhamsted School.
Peter the Wild Boy features regularly on the Frank Skinner Show on Absolute Radio, where he is recognised to be a "Friend of the Show".

</doc>
<doc id="2876112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876112" title="BBC Big Screen">
BBC Big Screen

The BBC Big Screens are LED screens with sound systems situated in prominent locations in city centres on the United Kingdom. The project setting up these screens involves the BBC, LOCOG (London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games), and local councils. The premise on which the screens are operated is as a platform for all, to provide local information, and to allow filmmakers and other visual artists a platform on which to display their work.
There are 21 Big Screens in cities across the UK. The screens are run by the BBC in accordance with its editorial guidelines and are individually known as 'Big Screen (city name)' e.g. Big Screen Manchester.
Locations.
Belfast.
Big Screen Belfast is in Donegall Square by the City Hall. Installed in May 2011, it is the first Big Screen in Northern Ireland.
Birmingham.
The Big Screen was temporarily installed adjacent to the Birmingham Town Hall during its refurbishment.
The Big Screen in Birmingham was removed from Chamberlain Square on 19 September 2007 after the renovation of the Town Hall was completed.It was then erected in Victoria Square in November 2007. Some controversy has existed over the screen in terms of the number of objections to the renewal of its planning permission. Three years after it was due to be switched back on it had finally been fully activated. However, funding was cut by the BBC and the Big Screen was switched off on 10 December 2012, Birmingham City Council have yet to remove the screen due to budget cuts themselves.
Bradford.
Big Screen Bradford is situated in Centenary Square, at the heart of Bradford City Centre. Adjacent to City Hall and the new urban park development.
Bristol.
Big Screen Bristol is located in Millennium Square.
Cardiff.
Big Screen Cardiff is located at the Hayes.
Coventry.
Big Screen Coventry is situated at the Coventry Transport Museum, Millennium Place.
Derby.
Big Screen Derby was installed in 2007. The screen was a partnership between the BBC, Derby City Council, the University of Derby and LOCOG and was located in the Market Place next to the Assembly Rooms. In early September 2013, the screen was removed by Derby City Council in a cost-cutting exercise, although its return in some form has not been ruled out.
Derry.
Big Screen Derry was one of the most recent screens to be launched, and the second in Northern Ireland. It was installed in Waterloo Place in November 2011, and is set to be a focal point during both the 2012 Olympics and also Derry's City of Culture celebrations in 2013.
Dover.
Big Screen Dover is in Market Square next to the museum and library.
Edinburgh.
Big Screen Edinburgh is located in Festival Square. It is across the road from the cultural trio of Usher Hall, Lyceum and Traverse Theatres.
Hull.
Big Screen Hull was launched at the turning on of the city's Christmas lights in November 2004. The screen's erection was surrounded by controversy when it emerged that local councillor Colin Inglis had authorised the purchase of the screen without the matter reaching a council committee. When the five-year contract between Hull City Council, Philips and the BBC ended in 2009, the screen was dismantled and moved into storage.
Leeds.
Big Screen Leeds, launched in late 2005, can be found in Millennium Square.
Leicester.
Big Screen Leicester was unveiled in January 2010 and is located in Humberstone Gate.
Liverpool.
Big Screen Liverpool is situated in Clayton Square, in the heart of Liverpool's retail quarter.
Manchester.
Big Screen Manchester was the first Big Screen within the pilot project to be launched in May 2003. The BBC had already explored screens in relation to events such as Proms in the Park, the 2002 World Cup and the Manchester Commonwealth Games. For the Queen's Golden Jubilee ten temporary screens were installed in major cities around the UK. Due to their success, Manchester became the first permanent screen and from this the project has grown. Big Screen Manchester is housed in Exchange Square, a busy public area regenerated after the IRA bomb in 1996. A new Big Screen was installed Spring 2010, replacing the 7-year-old original.
Middlesbrough.
Big Screen Middlesbrough is located in Centre Square.
Norwich.
Big Screen Norwich is situated on Chapelfield Plain which is in the heart of Norwich City Centre.
Plymouth.
Big Screen Plymouth is located in Armada Way on the Piazza.
Portsmouth.
Big Screen Portsmouth is in Guildhall Square, beside the Civic Offices and Portsmouth Guildhall.
Swansea.
Big Screen Swansea is located in Castle Square, in the heart of the city centre.
Swindon.
Big Screen Swindon is sited within the town's main shopping centre at Wharf Green. The screen was bought for Swindon Borough Council by the New Swindon Company as part of a project to redevelop the Wharf Green area in 2008.
Waltham Forest.
Waltham Forest is an outer London borough situated north east of the city. The Big Screen is located in Walthamstow Town Square, installed in time for the Beijing 2008 Olympics.
Woolwich.
Woolwich, in the London borough of Greenwich, received its Big Screen installation in General Gordon Place in 2009. The Big Screen was temporarily switched off during the redesign of General Gordon Place, 2010–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2876120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876120" title="Alfred Piccaver">
Alfred Piccaver

Alfred Piccaver (5 February 1884 - 23 September 1958, in Vienna) was a British-American operatic tenor. He was particularly noted for his performances as Rodolfo in Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème" and other popular mainstream operatic roles.
Early years.
Piccaver was born on 5 February 1884 in the Lincolnshire town of Long Sutton. Before he reached the age of two his parents emigrated to the United States of America and took out American citizenship. Alfred was trained as an electrical engineer but he had a talent for singing and in 1905 he enrolled at the Metropolitan School of Opera. The school's director Heinrich Conried recognised his considerable vocal ability and in 1907 sent the young Alfred to Prague, where he studied with Ludmilla Prochazka-Neumann (1872–1954).
Debut and work in Europe.
His studies led to a three-year contract with the Deutsches Landes-Theater in Prague where he made his debut on 9 September 1907 in Otto Nicolai's "The Merry Wives of Windsor". In the following three years, he sang in operas by Flotow, Verdi, Wagner, Mozart, Puccini and Gounod. This variety stood him in good stead, because in 1910, he was invited to appear as a guest in Mattia Battistini’s touring company that was performing in Prague. He must have impressed Battistini because Piccaver was persuaded to travel with the company to their next venue in Vienna where the Vienna Hofoper showed an interest in him. However, he continued to sing with the Prague company for the remainder of his contract and it was not until 6 September 1912 that he gave his first performance with the Vienna State Opera as a permanent member.
A star in Vienna.
Piccaver had a warm, velvety, lyric tenor voice with a fine cantilena style and excellent legato and diction. Later on it became what an English critic has described as 'slack muscled' and acquired a baritonal quality, but in the early years of his prime he was known to the Viennese as 'the Caruso from Prague'. His roles included Rodolfo (Puccini called him 'my ideal Rodolfo'), Cavaradossi, Canio, Radames, Florestan, Lensky and Walther. He made a large number of recordings by both the acoustic and electrical processes and many of these are available on CD reissues.
Piccaver loved Vienna and the Viennese way of life, so much so that when the director of the Metropolitan Opera in New York, Giulio Gatti-Casazza, made a lucrative offer for him to appear at the Met, he turned it down. He was never asked again. In return, the Viennese were devoted to 'Picci', as he was affectionately known. When the First World War broke out Piccaver as an American citizen was unaffected, though when the United States joined the war in 1917 he was found trying to leave the country but was spared internment if he agreed to continue singing at the Opera. After the war his career at the Vienna State Opera was interrupted by appearances in Chicago in 1923, 1924 and 1925 and at London's Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1924, the only year in which he appeared at this house.
In 1923, for reasons that are not clear, he claimed British nationality as he was entitled to do as a result of his place of birth, though Alfred Piccaver always considered himself an American. On 31 December 1931 his contract with The Vienna State Opera was terminated as a result of a dispute over his salary. He continued to live in Vienna and to make guest appearances in opera in Austria and abroad but with the political situation in Austria worsening he decided to return to Britain in 1937. He made some records and concert appearances in London and even appeared on the BBC’s fledgling television service in 1939. After the war he returned to Vienna for the re-opening of the Vienna State Opera House in 1955 and decided to stay.
He died in his favourite city on 23 September 1958. The Austrian government gave him a state funeral. He is buried in the Cimetry Zentralfriedhof of Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="2876124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876124" title="One Raffles Quay">
One Raffles Quay

One Raffles Quay () is an office building complex located at Raffles Place, the central business district of Singapore.
Designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox, One Raffles Quay (ORQ) consists of the 50-storey North Tower and the 29-storey South Tower, totalling about 1.3 million square feet of prime grade A office space. The building was purpose-built for banking and financial corporations in August 2006.
ORQ is home to international banks such as RBS, Barclays Capital, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank AG, Societe Generale Private Banking and UBS, as well as renowned professional services firms Thomson Reuters and Ernst & Young. It also has a host of world-class amenities and is directly linked to Raffles Place MRT Station via a Retail Link.
ORQ was awarded the 2008 Prix d' Excellence in the 'Office' category by the International Real Estate Federation (FIABCI) for embodying excellence in all aspects of development including construction, brokerage, facilities management, marketing strategy, impact on the local community and benefit to the environment. 
The construction of ORQ was regarded as a major engineering and technical feat, given the constraints of the site and presence of a MRT line running beneath its North Tower. It was awarded the Building and Construction Authority's Design and Engineering Safety Excellence Award in May 2008. 
In 2009, ORQ was also awarded the Green Mark Gold Award by the Building and Construction Authority for its sustainable features.

</doc>
<doc id="2876125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876125" title="Cry (Churchill Kohlman song)">
Cry (Churchill Kohlman song)

"Cry" is the title of a 1951 popular song written by Churchill Kohlman. The song was first recorded by Ruth Casey on the Cadillac label. The biggest hit version was recorded in New York City by Johnnie Ray and The Four Lads on October 16, 1951.
Johnnie Ray & The Four Lads version.
The Johnnie Ray recording was released on Columbia Records subsidiary label Okeh Records as catalog number Okeh 6840. It was a No.1 hit on the Billboard magazine chart that year, and one side of one of the biggest two-sided hits, as the flip side, "The Little White Cloud That Cried," reached No.2 on the Billboard chart. This recording also hit number one on the R&B Best Sellers lists and the flip side, "The Little White Cloud that Cried," peaked at number six. When the single started to crack the charts the single was released on Columbia Records catalog number Co 39659.
Stan Freberg satirized this song, under the title "Try", and reported getting more angry feedback than from any of his many other parodies.
Lynn Anderson version.
Lynn Anderson had major success in the country music market with her 1972 version, released on Columbia Records, which hit No.1 on the Cashbox country charts, and No. 3 on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart. It also charted in the Top 20 on the U.S. Adult Contemporary Charts.
Crystal Gayle version.
Crystal Gayle had her own hit version of the song in 1986, taking it to No. 1 on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart.
Dutch-language versions.
In 1982, singer/comedian André van Duin recorded it as "Als je huilt" (a double A-side with his take on Edith Piaf's "Les Trois Cloches") which became a #1-hit in the Dutch Top 40 by mid-August. During TV-promotion he wore specially designed specs with an in-built water-sprayer for audience-exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="2876132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876132" title="Richard Brind">
Richard Brind

Richard Brind (died March 1718) was an English organist and minor composer of the 17th century. 
Biography.
Born in England in the 1670s or 1680s, Brind was a chorister at St Paul’s Cathedral as boy and young teenager. While there, he sang under the directorship of John Blow and Jeremiah Clarke. After Clarke's death in 1707, he was appointed vicar-choral and, while not succeeding him as Master of the Choristers, he did take over his post as organist at St Paul's. According to music historian Sir John Hawkins, Brind was "no very celebrated performer", and, although five anthems are listed in "Divine Harmony" (London, 1712), none of his compositions survives. He died in London, and is best remembered today as a teacher to composer Maurice Greene.

</doc>
<doc id="2876140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876140" title="Brian Menell">
Brian Menell

Brian Menell is a South African businessman with interests in Mining, Oil & Gas, and Agriculture & Agri Industry.
He is the Chief Executive Officer of the Kemet Group, which invests in and manages mining and other natural resource projects across the African continent, and advises certain African governments on resource policy and major transactions. He also serves as Chief Executive of Tinco Investments Limited (an integrated Tin and Tungsten producer), and is a Director and Chairman of Shore Gold Inc., one of Canada's largest diamond exploration companies. He is the Chairman of Halldor Seafood Ltd (an Icelandic Fisheries and fish processing company), and the Chairman of Agricor Ltd (an African fertiliser and feedstock company). 
Menell was previously a principal and Executive Director of Anglovaal Mining (Pty) Ltd., with extensive precious metal, base metal, ferrous metal and diamond interests across Southern Africa. Prior to joining his family controlled Anglovaal Group, he worked for the De Beers Group in London, Antwerp and Windhoek. In 2004 he became a founding partner and Executive Director of the A1 Grand Prix auto racing series. He is a former Chairman of Energem Resources Inc. and a former Chairman of First Africa Oil Plc.
He has been extensively quoted in publications such as the Financial Times as an expert on the diamond industry, African resources, African politics, and Resource Nationalism. He has also appeared on Sky News and BBC World Service. He has been a speaker at The Times CEO SummitPart 1Part 2, The Mines and Money ConferencePart 1Part 2, and The New York Africa Forum.
History.
His grandfather, Slip Menell, was the co-founder in 1932 of the Anglovaal Group, one of South Africa's largest diversified mining and industrial groups of companies. His father was the noted philanthropist and businessman, Clive Menell, who died in 1996; President Nelson Mandela gave the address at his memorial service in Johannesburg. Brian Menell and his brother Rick retained control of Anglovaal Mining until its sale in 2001 to create the largest South African empowerment controlled company, African Rainbow Minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="2876151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876151" title="Andrew Seow">
Andrew Seow

Andrew Seow (Ace) () is a Singaporean actor, celebrity, model and media personality.
Seow was a model in Singapore and Asia before becoming an actor on local television. He is best known for his role as the eldest son in the family drama series, "Growing Up" on MediaCorp TV Channel 5, earning him the Best Newcomer in the annual Asian Television Awards. Seow has also starred in numerous Chinese dramas on Channel 8, garnering several nominations in the annual Star Awards.
He studied at Catholic High School and St. Patrick's School. He earned an Advanced Diploma in fashion design, jewellery design and merchandising from LaSalle College.

</doc>
<doc id="2876152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876152" title="Queen Mary's Grammar School">
Queen Mary's Grammar School

Queen Mary's Grammar School (QMGS) is a selective boys' grammar school with academy status located in Sutton Road, Walsall, England, about a mile from the town centre. The sixth form is coeducational.
Admissions.
Admittance to the school is by entrance exam, taken at the age of 11. 116 pupils (all boys who have managed to pass the exam) enter the school in September each year. There are 96 pupils in each of the other year groups, except in sixth form where there are currently (2012) 133 in As level (6.1) and 113 in A Level(6.2). There is further intake for sixth form; the school receives applications from pupils attending schools around the borough, and at this stage of the school, girls are also admitted. Nearby Queen Mary's High School is the destination for girls aged 11 passing the entry exam. Despite expansion, it is still small by modern standards, with about 719 pupils, while the sixth form consists of well over two hundred students.
History.
Foundation.
It was founded in 1554 by George and Nicholas Hawe, two leading townsmen, with Queen Mary I as its royal patron and benefactor. At this time it had about sixty pupils, all boys, and taught Classics almost exclusively.
New sites.
It has grown significantly since its foundation and moved three times. Originally housed in an old town guild-hall near St Matthew's Parish church, it moved to Park Street in 1811, into new buildings in Lichfield Street in 1850 (a site now used by Queen Mary's High School for Girls) and finally to a purpose-built school on the Mayfield site in 1965.
Academic performance.
Queen Mary's performs very well in exams across the board, with consistent success in the sixth form. In recent years, the school has become a specialist Language College. The extra funds from this have, amongst other things, facilitated the building of a new wing of the school buildings. The school recently completed work on a new sports hall to support the current gym and swimming facilities. The Science Block was also updated, with new Biology labs being built. A new sixth form block has been constructed and it opened late September 2012. The School is rated by Ofsted 'Outstanding'.
Traditions.
The school's badge is based on the Heraldic badge of Queen Mary and reflects her parentage, being formed from half a Tudor rose (a symbol of Henry VIII) impaled with a sheaf of arrows (a symbol of Katharine of Aragon). The badge was modified slightly during the 2006/2007 school year. A fully red rose was changed to an accurate red and white Tudor rose, which is usually shown with a red outer rose and a white inner one. However the school's Tudor rose, based on early school records, has a white outer rose and a red inner one, which the College of Arms accepts as equally valid. Despite the update, there are still some subtle differences between the current badge and Queen Mary's.
The school's motto is ""Quas dederis solas semper habebis opes"" "(What you give will be your only permanent riches)", originally a comment on the value of investing in friendship from the last line of Martial's epigram XLII, Book V., although ""Floreat Regina Schola Mariae"" is also used (literally, "May the school of Queen Mary flourish").
Activities.
A host of extracurricular activities is available for pupils, including plays and drama, sports teams, quiz teams, many subject-related societies, and a Combined Cadet Force contingent (Army and RAF sections).
The school has a close relationship with its sister school, Queen Mary's High School. Pupils regularly collaborate to stage plays and the two schools participate in a German exchange every year with a school in the town of Biedenkopf.
Many trips are run throughout the year, many of them international. Pupils, in recent years have had the opportunity to travel to places such as France, Belgium, Germany, Spain, Italy, New Zealand, China, Morocco, Iceland and Alabama.
In sport, the school's Under 18 and Under 16 hockey teams both won the Staffordshire Cup for their respective age groups in the same season.
QMGS also hosted the national finals of Junior Schools' Challenge quiz on 24 June 2007, with a team from the school winning the Plate Final. In 2008, the school hosted and reached the national final, losing in the final. In 2012, they hosted a semi-final against Hereford Cathedral School only losing by one question (610-600).
The school is the only school in the country to have won the UKMT Junior Maths Team Competition twice, doing so in successive years. The competition attracts over 1000 schools every year.
The school has a plaque in St George's Church, Ypres, to honour the ex pupils of the school who died in the Ypres Salient and the Somme, during World War One. The plaque was paid for by the QM club, and was formally unveiled during the Year 9 Battlefields trip. QMGS was the last school ever to be allowed to have a plaque.
Every year, Year 7 and the senior prefects visit Westminster Abbey, London to commemorate their founder on the Friday closest to July 6.
Notable former pupils.
Former history master and former Labour councillor for Pelsall – Tom Perrett – was awarded the MBE in January 2007. The late John Anderson, former Second Master, received the MBE for services to the CCF. Dave Pomeroy, a former Maths teacher, also received an honour from the Queen, receiving an OBE. He is currently Wing Commander of the CCF. Late PE teacher George ('Sam') Crudace was awarded the BEM.
Famous former pupils include:

</doc>
<doc id="2876153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876153" title="Venice Commission">
Venice Commission

The Venice Commission is an advisory body of the Council of Europe, composed of independent experts in the field of constitutional law. It was created in 1990 after the fall of the Berlin wall, at a time of urgent need for constitutional assistance in Central and Eastern Europe. The Commission's official name is the European Commission for Democracy through Law, but due to its meeting place in Venice, Italy, where sessions take part four times a year, it is usually referred to as the Venice Commission.
Member states.
Starting with 18 member states, soon all member states of the Council of Europe joined the Venice Commission and since 2002 non-European states can also become full members. As of 13 July 2014, the Commission counts 60 member states – the 47 member states of the Council of Europe and 11 other countries, including Kosovo. Belarus is as associate member and there are five observers. The Palestinian National Authority and South Africa have a special co-operation status similar to that of the observers. The EU, OSCE/ODIHR and IACL/AIDC (The International Association of Constitutional Law | "Association internationale de droit constitutionnel") participate in the plenary sessions of the Commission.
Members.
The members are "senior academics, particularly in the fields of constitutional or international law, supreme or constitutional court judges or members of national parliaments". Acting on the Commission in their individual capacity, the members are appointed for four years by the participating countries. The current and former members include,
amongst other notable academics and judges:
President.
The president of the Commission, since December 2009, is its former Secretary General Mr Gianni Buquicchio, whilst his predecessor, Mr Jan Erik Helgesen, Professor at the University of Oslo, is elected 1st Vice-President. The new Secretary General of the Commission, who is the head of the Commission's secretariat at the Council of Europe's headquarters in Strasbourg, France, is Mr Thomas Markert.
The main focus of the work of the Venice Commission is on draft constitutions and constitutional amendments but the Commission also covers para-constitutional law, i.e. laws which are close to the Constitution, such as minority legislation or electoral law.
Requests for opinions come from the participating states and the organs of the Council of Europe or international organisations or bodies participating in the Venice Commission’s work. The opinions adopted by the Commission are not binding but are mostly followed by member states.
The areas of the Commission's activities are as follows:
Democratic institutions and fundamental rights.
The Venice Commission’s primary task is to assist and advise individual countries in constitutional matters in order to improve functioning of democratic institutions and the protection of human rights. Already in 1991 the Commission helped in creating the first democratic Constitution of Romania since 1947. In 2012, in an invited Opinion, the Venice Commission expressed several criticisms of church-related legislation in Hungary.
Working method.
The working method adopted by the Commission when providing opinions is to appoint a working group of rapporteurs (primarily from amongst its members) which advises national authorities in the preparation of the relevant law. After discussions with the national authorities and stakeholders in the country, the working group prepares a draft opinion on whether the legislative text meets the democratic standards in its field and on how to improve it on the basis of common experience. The draft opinion is discussed and adopted by the Venice Commission during a plenary session, usually in the presence of representatives from that country. After adoption, the opinion becomes public and is forwarded to the requesting body.
Non-directive approach.
Although its opinions are generally reflected in the adopted legislation, the Venice Commission does not impose its solutions, but adopts a non-directive approach based on dialogue. For this reason the working group, as a rule, visits the country concerned and meets with the different political actors involved in the issue in order to ensure the most objective view of the situation.
Conflict resolution by providing legal advice.
A political agreement settling a conflict should be supported by a viable legal text. It may also be possible for an agreement on a legal text to foster a political solution. For this reason the Venice Commission pays particular attention to countries which are going through or have gone through ethno-political conflicts.
In this context, at the European Union’s request, the Venice Commission has played an important role in developing and interpreting the constitutional law of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro as well as that of the province of Kosovo. It has also been involved in efforts to settle the conflicts on the status of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia and Transnistria in Moldova.
The Commission drafts opinions, initiates studies and organises conferences inter alia on:
Elections, referendums and political parties.
The work of the Commission in the field of elections, referendums and political parties is steared by the Council for Democratic Elections (CDE). The CDE is made up of representatives of the Venice Commission, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) and the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe. The aim of the Council for Democratic Elections is to ensure co-operation in the electoral field between the Venice Commission as a legal body and the Parliamentary Assembly and the Congress of the Council of Europe as political bodies in charge of election observation, in order to promote the European common values in this field – the principles of the European electoral heritage.
The Commission identifies and develops standards in the area of elections through:
Constitutional and ordinary justice.
Another branch of the Commission’s activities includes co-operation with the constitutional courts and equivalent bodies. Since its creation, the Venice Commission has been aware that it is not sufficient to assist the states in the adoption of democratic constitutions but that these texts have to be implemented in reality. Key players in this field are constitutional courts and equivalent bodies exercising constitutional jurisdiction.
Cooperation with Constitutional Courts, ordinary courts and ombudspersons is done by means of:
Transnational studies, reports and seminars.
The Commission's transnational activities enable it to carry out the main duties laid down in its Statute, which are to improve the functioning of democratic institutions, knowledge of legal systems and understanding of the legal culture of countries working with it.
While most of the work of the Commission is country specific, the Commission also prepares, through its own initiative and at request of outside bodies such us the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, studies and reports addressing topics of general interest in the member and observer states. Transnational topics are also covered in the Unidem seminars (University for Democracy) and published in the Science and Technique of Democracy collection.
Comparative studies.
Comparative studies on topics to do with the functioning of democracy offer initial overviews of the law in various countries. Such a comparative approach then makes it possible to identify constitutional values that are shared throughout Europe and, where relevant, any areas of weakness. The third stage is that of harmonisation, in which, on the basis of Commission recommendations, the principles concerned are incorporated into the law of those countries where they have not yet been established.
UniDem (University for Democracy) seminars.
The UniDem seminars bring leading specialists from the political and academic worlds and constitutional courts (or equivalent bodies) and the Commission into contact with, for example, a specific university or constitutional court. Reports are presented on particular countries or specific aspects of the topics under discussion. By allowing exchanges between specialists from a variety of backgrounds, the UniDem seminars help to define the rules common to democratic states in which human rights and the rule of law are respected
Positions taken.
As part of its report, "European Commission for Democracy Through Law: Code of Good Practice in Electoral Matters, Guidelines and Explanatory Reports adopted October 2002", the Venice Commission recommended a number of considerations when dealing with issues of boundary delimitation.

</doc>
<doc id="2876154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876154" title="List of Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford">
List of Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford

The following people have been Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford in England:
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2876156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876156" title="Azkoitia">
Azkoitia

Azkoitia (Spanish "Azcoitia") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, in northern Spain. It is also the seat of the municipality of the same name.
Geographical setting.
Azkoitia and the municipality of the same name, are located on and around the upper Urola river valley, centered on a small alluvial plain surrounded by the Basque mountains. Except for the valley itself, the terrain is rather rugged, with elevations ranging to little less than 950 meters.
Population.
As of 2004, the municipality numbers 10,946 inhabitants, of which 5,324 (49.867%) are men and 5,262 (50.133%) are women. Age is distributed among the sexes rather evenly with children and adolescents (0 to 17 years of age) forming 16.235% of the population, adults(18 to 54 years of age) making up 53.744%, and senior citizens forming the remaining 30.021%.
Historical relevance.
Azkoitia was the birthplace of the mother of Saint Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Jesuit religious order. Ignatius' maternal grandfather, Don Martin Garcia de Licona, had purchased Balda Tower in the mid-15th century. Recurring bloody encounters in the region persuaded the king, Henry IV of Castile, to reduce the tower from a fortress to a courthouse. On 13 July 1467 Don Martin's daughter, Dona Marina Saenz de Licona Balda married Don Beltran Ibanez de Onaz y Loyola from neighbouring Azpeitia in the Licona family home in Azkoitia. The original wedding contract still exists.
Loyola's birth house is still preserved as a museum a part of a large Jesuit compound. 
It is located a few kilometers east of Azkoitia's city center, at the small community of Azpeitia, and is a major tourist attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="2876164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876164" title="Ataun">
Ataun

Ataun is a town located at the foot of the Aralar Range in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876173" title="Pegau">
Pegau

Pegau is a town in the Leipzig district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, situated in a fertile plain, on the Weiße Elster, 18 m. S.W. from Leipzig by the railway to Zeitz.
It has two Evangelical churches, that of St. Lawrence being a fine Gothic structure, a 16th-century town-hall; a very old hospital and an agricultural school. In the 19th Century its industries included the manufacture of felt, boots and metal wares.
History.
Pegau grew up round a Benedictine monastery founded in 1096, but does not appear as a town before the close of the 12th century. Markets were held here and its prosperity was further enhanced by its position on a main road running east and west. In the monastery, which was dissolved in 1539, a valuable chronicle was compiled, the "Annales pegavienses", covering the period from 1039 to 1227.
The town hosted witch trials in 1604-1605.

</doc>
<doc id="2876178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876178" title="List of civil parishes in Leicestershire">
List of civil parishes in Leicestershire

This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Leicestershire, England.
Blaby.
The whole of the district is parished.
Charnwood.
Part of the former Loughborough Municipal Borough is unparished.
Harborough.
Part of the former Market Harborough Urban District is unparished.
Hinckley and Bosworth.
Part of the former Hinckley Urban District is unparished.
Leicester.
The former Leicester County Borough is unparished.
Melton.
The former Melton Mowbray Urban District is unparished.
North West Leicestershire.
Part of the former Coalville Urban District is unparished.
Oadby and Wigston.
The former Oadby Urban District and Wigston Urban District are unparished.

</doc>
<doc id="2876188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876188" title="Baliarrain">
Baliarrain

Baliarrain is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, in northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876192" title="Beasain">
Beasain

Beasain is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain. It has an important industry of railroad vehicles and related equipment (CAF) that exports its production to all the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2876201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876201" title="Beizama (Gipuzkoa)">
Beizama (Gipuzkoa)

Beizama is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876203" title="Cantons of the Eure department">
Cantons of the Eure department

The following is a list of the 43 cantons of the Eure department, in France, sorted by arrondissement:

</doc>
<doc id="2876209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876209" title="National School of Drama">
National School of Drama

National School of Drama (NSD) is a theatre training institute situated at New Delhi, India. It is an autonomous organization under Ministry of Culture, Government of India. It was set up in 1959 by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, and became an independent school in 1975. In 2005 it was granted deemed university status, but in 2011 it was revoked on the institute's request.
History.
The origins of the school can be traced back to a seminar in 1954, where the idea of a Central institution for theatre was mooted, subsequently a draft scheme was prepared in 1955, and the Sangeet Natak Akademi, which had Jawaharlal Nehru as its president, started drawing plans for the institution. Meanwhile, elsewhere in Delhi, Bharatiya Natya Sangh (BNS) with assistance from UNESCO, independently established the 'Asian Theatre Institute' (ATI) on January 20, 1958, and in July 1958, ATI was taken over by the Sangeet Natak Akademi (SNA), India’s National Academy of Music, dance and drama of Government of India.
In the following year, the government merged it with the newly founded school, and thus NSD was established in April 1959 under the auspices of Sangeet Natak Akademi. Initially the school was situated at Nizamuddin West, and was called 'National School of Drama and Asian Theatre Institute, whose first batch passed out in 1961. During his tenure as the director of the institution, Ebrahim Alkazi (1962–1977), not just overhauled the syllabus, but also had the students dig and build platforms for a theatre in the backyard of a rented Kailash Colony house, where NSD had moved. Later when it moved to it present location, he also designed two theatre for NSD, including a 200-seat studio theatre, and the open-air Meghdoot theatre, under a banyan tree.
In 1975 it became autonomous organization, under the erstwhile Ministry of Education and Ministry of Culture, Department of Culture, with the name 'National School of Drama' and relocated in May 1975, to its present premises at Bahawalpur House, the residence of Bahawalpur a former princely state, now in Pakistan, also known as Mandi House. In 1999, the School organized its first National Theatre Festival, 'Bharat Rang Mahotsav', generally held during the second week of January each year.
In 2008, the institution celebrated its golden jubilee at its annual theatre festival, "Bharat Rang Mahotsav", with a gathering of its alumni from all over the country, the festival’s satellite edition in Mumbai showcased plays of NSD graduates, including Ratan Thiyam’s Prologue, Bansi Kaul (Aranyadhipati Tantiya), Neelam Mansingh Chowdhury (The Suit), Sanjay Upadhyay (Harsingar), Baharul Islam (Akash), Mohan Maharishi (Dear Bapu) and M K Raina (Stay Yet Awhile). Waman Kendre was appointed as Director the school in 2013. He will serve a five-year term. He has done post-graduate with research in folk theatre of Kerala from NSD. He belongs to the nomadic Vanjara tribal community of Marathwada and was one of the leading lights of the Dalit theatre movement in Maharashtra in the late 1970s.
Deemed university status.
On 16 March 2005, the Government of India granted the NSD the status of deemed university. However, in 2010 the NSD Society asked for the deemed university status to be revoked since " could undermine the professional training, autonomy and flexibility required in the creative fields such as theatre." Thus, in October 2011 the status was revoked on request of NSD.
Performing Wings.
Repertory Company.
The professional performing wing of NSD, the 'National School of Drama' Repertory Company was set up in 1964, with an aim to promote professional theatre in India. It first head was Om Shivpuri, followed by Manohar Singh, Ram Gopal Bajaj (Acting Chief), J.N. Kaushal (Acting Chief), Anuradha Kapur (Acting Chief), and Suresh Sharma,Sagar Kamble, Atul Singhai (Animation chief).
Today, the Repertory Company, has staged over 120 plays based on the works of about 70 playwrights and featuring around 50 directors in several countries, and various cities across the nation, and has its own festival every year, called Annual Repertory Company Summer Festival, in which it perform new and past plays. In 2004, the repertory celebrated its 40th anniversary with a theatre festival in New Delhi.
Sanskaar Rang Toli.
In 1989 NSD established the ‘Theatre-in-Education Company’ (T.I.E), called 'Sanskaar Rang Toli', today it has become India's premier educational resource centres, and coaches children aged 8 to 16 years. The company regularly performs plays for school and adults audiences alike, and has its own yearly theatre festivals, 'Jashn-e-Bachpan' and Bal Sangam.
Regional Centres.
In a bid to decentralize its activities, NSD opened Regional Resource Centres (RRC) across India, the first of which was opened at Bangalore in 1994.
Bharat Rang Mahotsav.
Bharat Rang Mahotsav, or the 'National Theatre Festival', established in 1999, is the annual theatre festival of National School of Drama (NSD), held in New Delhi, today it is acknowledged as the largest theatre festival of Asia, dedicated solely to theatre.
Awards won by NSD Alumni.
Padma Bhushan.
adarsh
Padma Shri.
B.V. Karanth, Naseeruddin Shah, Ratan Thiyam, Om Puri, Ram Gopal Bajaj, Anupam Kher, Irrfan Khan, Madhu (actor)
Kalidas Samman.
B.V. Karanth, Devendra Raj Ankur.
Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.
B.V. Karanth,Shashank Singh, V. Ramamurthy, B.M. Shah, Manohar Singh, Uttara Baokar, Ratan Thiyam, Prasanna, Surekha Sikri, Naseeruddin Shah, Mohan Maharishi, M.K. Raina, Bansi Kaul, Ram Gopal Bajaj, B. Jayashree, Bhanu Bharti, Amal Allana, Dulal Roy, Rita G. Kothari, Robin Das, Seema Biswas, Gurucharan Singh Channi, Dolly Ahluwalia, Prem Matiyani, Nadira Babbar, Shanta Gandhi, Ashok Sagar Bhagat, J.N. Kaushal,Ashok Kumar Giri, Devendra Raj Ankur, Anuradha Kapur, Suresh Bhardwaj, H.V.Sharma, Ranjit Kapoor, V.K.Sharma,
Chaman Lal Memorial Awards for excellence in theatre.
G.N.Dasgupta, H.V.Sharma, Sudhir Kulkarni, Dolly Ahluwalia, Suresh Bhardwaj
s.Ramanujam
Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema.
Award for Best Actress/Actor
Directors of NSD.
NSD has had ten directors since its establishment in 1959:
Performing spaces.
The schools has three auditoria within the campus:
Apart from that it has a studio theatre and minor performances spaces used on special occasions, like the Bharat Rangmahotsav.

</doc>
<doc id="2876214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876214" title="Belauntza">
Belauntza

Belauntza (Spanish, "Belaunza") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876220" title="Berastegi">
Berastegi

Berastegi (Spanish, "Berástegui") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain, at the shores of the river Elduaran or Berastegi, at 1° 39' 40" east y 43° 08' 40" north, and at an altitude of 161,21 m. It limits with Ibarra to the north, with Eldua to the east, and to the south and west with Belauntza.

</doc>
<doc id="2876230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876230" title="Felbrigg Hall">
Felbrigg Hall

Felbrigg Hall is a 17th-century country house located in Felbrigg, Norfolk, England. Part of a National Trust property, the unaltered 17th-century house is noted for its Jacobean architecture and fine Georgian interior. Outside the house are a walled garden, an orangery and orchards.
History.
Felbrigg estate, originally home to the Felbrigg family, was long the home of members of the Wyndham family, since the first John Wyndham (d. 1475), acquired the estate from the Felbrigg family. Thomas Wyndham (d. 1522) was a councilor to King Henry VIII. Later residents included John Wyndham (1558–1645), probably the builder of Felbrigg Hall. The last Wyndham of Felbrigg was William Wyndham (d. 1810).
The last owner of the house before it passed into National Trust ownership was Robert Wyndham Ketton-Cremer. The original heir, Robert's brother Richard, was killed in action in the Second World War. A memorial to Richard Ketton-Cremer was constructed in the woods behind the house by Robert. Robert Wyndham Ketton-Cremer wrote a number of books, particularly about Norfolk, including "Felbrigg: the Story of a House", and "Norfolk in the Civil War", Faber, 1969. In the latter, he indicates his health is failing. Robert Ketton-Cremer never married, and with no heirs, left the estate to the National Trust on his death in 1969. Part of the estate was acquired by the Beeston Hall school.
Christopher Mackie, husband of author Mary Mackie, was administrator, or houseman, of Felbrigg Hall until 1990. Mary Mackie has written a number of books on their experiences, the most successful of which are "Cobwebs and Cream Teas" and "Dry Rot and Daffodils".
Today.
At one time Felbrigg Hall stood at the centre of one the largest estates in Norfolk. Today 2011, the Felbrigg estate covers some 1,760 acres (approximately 7 square kilometres) of parkland including the Great Wood, which shelters the house. 
Public access.
There are a number of waymarked walks through the estate, including the Weavers' Way long distance footpath. National Cycle Network regional routes 33 and 30 pass through the estate. 
The gardens.
Felbrigg garden is laid out in two different styles. The west garden is laid out in the style of a typical Victorian pleasure ground, arranged around an 18th-century orangery. Accentuating the play between light and shade, its formal lawns are interspersed with areas of dark shrubbery. This garden features a number of specimens from North America including Red Oaks, Western Red Cedars, and a meadow with a walled garden. There are double borders of mixed shrubs, a herbaceous border, and more. The orchard has been planted with varieties of fruit known to have grown in the garden during the 19th century. The gardens are home to the National Collection of Colchicums.

</doc>
<doc id="2876231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876231" title="Bergara">
Bergara

Bergara is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
An Enlightened center of education operated by the "Real Sociedad Bascongada de Amigos del País" ("Royal Basque Society of Friends of the Country"), it was the place where Faustino Elhuyar discovered wolfram.
During the Carlist Wars, it operated as the capital and royal court of the Carlists. It was there where the agreement symbolized in the Vergara Embrace between Rafael Maroto and Baldomero Espartero, Prince of Vergara ended one of the period wars.

</doc>
<doc id="2876239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876239" title="Berrobi">
Berrobi

Berrobi is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876242" title="Brendan T. Byrne State Forest">
Brendan T. Byrne State Forest

The Brendan T. Byrne State Forest (formerly the Lebanon State Forest) is a 34,725 acre (139 km²) state forest in the New Jersey Pine Barrens. Its protected acreage is split between Burlington and Ocean Counties.
Description.
The Brendan T. Byrne State Forest is the state's second largest state forest (after Wharton State Forest). There are of hiking trails and a camping area. The park is operated and maintained by the New Jersey Division of Parks and Forestry. Originally named for the Lebanon Glassworks, which operated in the 1850s and 1860's, it was renamed for Brendan Byrne in 2004. Byrne served as governor of New Jersey from 1974 to 1982, and both championed and signed the Pinelands Protection Act in February 1979 which preserved thousand of acres in southern New Jersey. The park was officially renamed for him during the 25th anniversary of the Pinelands legislation by then Governor James McGreevey.
The forest lies within the Atlantic coastal pine barrens ecoregion. It includes the Cedar Swamp Natural Area: with upland pine-oak forest, oak-pine forest, pitch pine lowland forest, and Atlantic white cedar swamp forest plant communities. The Natural Area protects habitat of the threatened Swamp pink and other endangered plant species.
Trails.
The Mount Misery Trail is a multi-use trail and allows mountain biking. The Cranberry Trail is wheelchair-accessible. The Batona Trail, designed for hiking, cross country skiing, and snowshoeing, is almost 50 miles (80 km) in length; it links the Brendan T. Byrne, Wharton, and Bass River State Forests. There is a loop trail of about two miles (3.2 km), starting at the forest office, and a one-mile (1.6 km) loop at Pakim Pond. By combining different trails with the Batona Trail, loops of 6 miles (9.6 km) and 14 miles (23 km) provide day hikes.
Blueberry history.
The forest also contains Whitesbog Village, an historic company town, founded in the 1870s by Joseph J. White which was once one of the largest cranberry and blueberry farms in the state, active through the mid-20th century. The cultivated blueberry, a hybrid of the native "Vaccinium caesariense", was developed and commercialized here by Elizabeth Coleman White and Frank Coville. The now silent Whitesbog Village exemplifies the changes in agriculture in this state. The site is presently leased to the nonprofit Whitesbog Preservation Trust for restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="2876247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876247" title="Bidania-Goiatz">
Bidania-Goiatz

Bidania-Goiatz () is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain. 
It consists of the two villages of Bidania and Goiatz. Bidania has a beautiful church having an organ by Aristide Cavaillé-Coll.

</doc>
<doc id="2876251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876251" title="Deba">
Deba

Deba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876256" title="Rolltop">
Rolltop

Rolltop may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2876262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876262" title="Post and Pair">
Post and Pair

Post and Pair is a 16th-century English gambling card game based on the same three-card combinations, namely Prial, found in related game of this family. It is much depended on vying, or betting, requiring repeated staking as well as daring on the part of the players. It is considered a derivative on the game of Primero and closely resembles Put, having been as popular as Gleek and Noddy during the Tudor Dynasty.
History.
It is generally agreed by every expert and researcher in the field of playing cards that the game of Post and Pair clearly derives from the game of Primero. Due to its gaming mechanics and resemblance with Primero and its variants, it is easily implied that Post and Pair evolved into a faster-paced card game with the addition of rules borrowed from neighboring games, like the Tudor game of "Post", attested by the Oxford English Dictionary from the early 16th to the 17th centuries, which may have survived longer in local versions.
Charles Cotton in his 1674 "The Complete Gamester", mentions that Post ad Pair was particularly popular in the west of England, as well as All-Fours was popular in Kent and Fives in Ireland. And if Francis Willughby gives no rules for the game, Holme and Cotton describe it as a three-stake game almost identical to a variation of Brag called Three-card brag, or Three-stake Brag. It is extremely difficult to get any reliable information as to the game of Post, but it is known that the threefold stake is one of its special features, and that the three events whereon the distribution depends, are distinguished by the name of Post, Pair and Seat. It is suggested by Cavendish that these three, but in reverse order, are respectively identical to the three above mentioned.</ref>
Game play.
Three separate stakes are made by each player. After staking at “Post” and then at “Pair”, and getting two cards, the players stake at “Seat”. A third card is dealt upwards and the best of the cards so dealt entitles the holder to the first stake. The order of priority being as above mentioned.
The second stake becomes the property of the player with the best hand. A Pair-royal of Aces is the best hand, and next, a Pair-royal of any three cards according to their value: three Kings, three Queens, three Knaves, etc. If no one has a Pair-royal, the highest pair wins, and next to this, the hand that holds the highest cards.
The third stake goes to the player with the best pair or cards totaling, or most approaching, twenty-one points, that is, two Tens and an Ace, and court cards counting as ten. Any player whose cards fall short of that number is entitled (in due turn) to receive a card or cards from the stock, in the hope of amending his points, but if he overdraws he is out of the game.
The eldest hand may pass and come in again, if any of the gamesters vye it. If not, the dealer may plead it out, or double it.
Notes.
As Charles Cotton said in "The Complete Gamester": "The vye is what you please to adventure upon the goodness of your own hand; or if it be bad, and you imagine your adversary's is so likewise, then bid him high courageously, by which means you daunt your antagonist, and so bring him to submission. If all the gamesters keep in till all have done, and by consent shew their cards, the best cards carry the game. Now according to agreement those that keep in till last, may divide the stakes, or shew the best card for it. Observe, where the cards fall in several hands of the same sort, as a pair of pair-royal, and so forth, the eldest hand carries it."
Post and Pair in literature.
Post and Pair was first mentioned in a list of games played by Gargantua of Gargantua and Pantagruel, a novel written by François Rabelais in the 16th century.
Shakespeare mentions the name of the game as well in a dialogue between the character Rosaline and the Princess of France in a conversation about Berowne, one of the lords attending the King Ferdinand of Navarre, in one of his lost plays Love's Labour's Lost, written in the mid-1590s.
"That same Berowne I’ll torture ere I go."
"O that I knew he were but in by th’ week"
"How I would make him fawn, and beg, and seek,"
"And wait the season, and observe the times,"
"And spend his prodigal wits in bootless rhymes,"
"And shape his service wholly to my hests,"
"And make him proud to make me proud that jests !"
"So pair-taunt-like would I o’ersway his state,"
"That he should be my fool, and I his fate."</ref>
In Ben Jonson's Masque of Christmas, the card game of Post and pair is introduced as one of his children,
"his garment all done over with pairs and purs,"
"his squire carrying a box, cards, and counters.""
</ref> thus characterizing him as a Knave. According to the "A Dictionary of Archaic and Provincial Words, obsolete phrases and ancient customs of the Fourteenth century", by James Orchard Halliwell-Phillipps, written in 1868, Pur is the name given to the Knave or Jack in the game of Post and Pair. It seems to be formed by an abbreviation of pair-royal corrupted into "purrial", hence pair-royal has since been further corrupted into prial.
The game is mentioned in Canto Six of Walter Scott's epic poem Marmion as a "vulgar" game played at Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="2876266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876266" title="Joel Joffe, Baron Joffe">
Joel Joffe, Baron Joffe

Joel Goodman Joffe, Baron Joffe, CBE (born 12 May 1932) is a South African-born British lawyer and Labour peer in the House of Lords.
Born in South Africa, he was educated at the University of Witwatersrand (BCom, LLB 1955), and worked as a human rights lawyer 1958–65, including at the infamous 1963-4 Rivonia Trial, representing Nelson Mandela. Later he moved to the United Kingdom, and worked in the financial services industry, setting up Hambro Life Assurance with Sir Mark Weinberg as well as in the voluntary sector. He was associated with Oxfam in various roles between 1982 and 2001, including being its Chair 1995–2001.
He was also an early supporter of Technology Trust.
In 2006 he was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Laws) from the University of Bath.
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1999 New Year Honours, and made a life peer on 16 February 2000, being raised to the peerage as Baron Joffe, of Liddington in the County of Wiltshire. In February 2003 he proposed as a Private Member's Bill the "Assisted Dying for the Terminally Ill Bill", which would legalise physician-assisted dying. After deliberation by a Lords committee, the bill was put forward again in November 2005.
On 12 May 2006; the Bill was debated once again in the House of Lords and an amendment to delay its introduction by six months was carried by a margin of 148–100.
He appeared on the BBC radio programme "Desert Island Discs" on 28 October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2876269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876269" title="Prosthetic Records">
Prosthetic Records

Prosthetic Records is a record label specializing in heavy metal recordings. Founded by E.J. Johantgen and Dan Fitzgerald both former employees of Columbia Records, in Los Angeles, California in 1998. Prosthetic Records released the first two albums by Lamb of God and are currently home to All That Remains, Skeletonwitch, and was the North American home to Gojira.

</doc>
<doc id="2876272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876272" title="Trinity School, Nottingham">
Trinity School, Nottingham

The Trinity School in Nottingham, England is a Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status for pupils aged 11–18. The School asserts that its main concerns are: 'academic excellence, good discipline and achievement in all the broader aspects of education within a happy and distinctively Catholic atmosphere. Trinity is often considered (in their own words) 'one of the best schools in the whole country', this can be accredited to their high levels of academic performance; in 2011 90% of students achieved 5 A*-C grades at GCSE level and 90% of students were accepted onto their 'first choice' course at university.
Admissions.
The school is a faith school, and has restricted admissions. Its good academic results give it a high profile in the city, and places for the school will be limited. It is situated off "Beechdale Road", a main thoroughfare, near the junction with "Kingsbury Drive", between Beechdale (to the south-east), Aspley (to the east), and Bilborough (to the west). The area has many secondary schools, with Hadden Park High School neighbouring to the west, and Nottingham Academy for Girls nearby to the east. Woodlands School, a school for children with special needs, neighbours to the east. The north half of the school lies in Aspley, and the southern half is in Bilborough.
History.
Former Schools.
Bishop Dunn School was a co-educational secondary modern school on "Kingsbury Drive", and named after Thomas Dunn. St Catherine's Convent School was at the Convent of Mercy on "College Street" in central Nottingham near Nottingham Cathedral from 1846, run by the Sisters of Mercy. It became a grammar school in 1951. It moved to "Beechdale Road" in 1962, becoming the Loreto Grammar School for Girls, a girls' Roman Catholic grammar school. The site on "Beechdale Road" was then run by the Sisters of Loreto, also known as the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It took in catholic girls from all over Nottingham and outside the city.
Comprehensive.
It was formed in 1975 by the merger of the grammar school and secondary modern. The grammar school site is now the upper school.
Academy.
The school converted to being an academy on July 1, 2012, and is no longer directly funded or governed by Nottingham City Council. However the school continues to cooperate with the council in regards to admissions.
Notable Events.
A drama technician for the School was discovered in 2013 to have coerced a 17 year old girl to perform a sex act on him in a locked classroom at a school disco. He was subsequently sentenced to a 12-month prison sentence (suspended for two years) and ten years on the Sex Offenders Register.
Traditions.
The school badge.
The school badge, re-designed in 1988, encapsulates much of the school's credo and ideology. The cross is derived from the Bishop's cross. The fleur-de-lys represents the Loreto School and the Triangle the first symbol of The Trinity School. They are set in school colours of green, black, silver and gold. "Ad Dei Gloriam", their motto ("To the Glory of God"), sums up the driving ideology of the school.
Houses.
In year 7 pupils are allocated into 4 different houses who compete against each other in a range of activities: most notably the annual athletics competition and swimming gala. The school has recently introduced House competitions such as House Debate, Inter-house Drama, Modern Foreign Languages and Piano recitals.
The 4 houses are named after English Martyrs who died in the name of Christianity.
Activities.
Trinity School Show Band.
The Trinity School Show Band was formed in 1997 as a traditional marching brass band with thirty eight members, developing into over a hundred members when it became a show band. They have taken part in competitions since 2001 when they entered the World Championships in Germany. They won the Colchester Band Contest trophy (Division Two) three times between 2006 and 2008. For the 2009 season, the band were placed in BYBA's top division. At BYBA finals, Trinity came first beating all the other bands in their division. Other awards include, Academy Brass 2006 (Division Two), National Championships (Division Two) in 2006 and 2007, and Ouse Valley Sounds MBC 2008 (Division Two).
Following a year away from competing, for the 2014 season, the show band competed in Division 2 of the British Youth Band Association and won the first show of the season, at Music Revolution in Bradford taking Music Effect, Music Analysis, Field Wind, Field Visual, Field Percussion and Colour Guard captions.
Academic performance.
Trinity has achieved an outstanding academic reputation. Public examinations at KS3, KS4 and KS5 have all been to a very high standard. GCSE results have steadily improved, not just 5 A* to C benchmarks but also the numbers of higher grades including English and Maths. Each year most of the 100 or so Year 13 students leave with their first choice of University. actual raw data is on the DCSF performance tables web site, and the schools own web site. This is coupled with excellent extra-curricular achievements in music, sport and adventure training which demonstrate the tenacity and ambition of the school. The school also works closely with its associated parishes, firmly within the Catholic ethos it seeks to promote. The school enjoys good support from parents and fosters excellent relationships with pupils, as is reflected and evidenced in the most recent Ofsted report of November 2008.
Although Nottingham has many poor performing secondary schools, it offers good results at GCSE, regularly having joint-best results for the LEA's schools, with Fernwood School. Fernwood, similar to many secondary schools in Nottingham, does not have a sixth form. Trinity is the only 11-18 school in Nottingham to get above-average results at A-level, except the prestigious Nottingham High School and Nottingham High School for Girls. Many schools in Nottingham have recently become academies.
Teachers.
Michael McKeever is the current Headmaster, with John Dexter as Deputy Headmaster respectively. Assistant Headmasters are: Mr R Bennett, Mr S Manderson, Miss C McGrath, Mr S Wadsley and Mrs S Wilkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="2876274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876274" title="Campion High School">
Campion High School

Campion Jesuit High School was a Jesuit-run boarding school for boys in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin named for the Jesuit martyr Edmund Campion. The school operated from its founding in 1880 until closing in 1975, and educated several notable figures during its existence. The former school's campus now houses a prison operated by the state of Wisconsin Department of Corrections. The school operated independent of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse. There is another school of the same name at Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, India. It is also a school found by Jesuit brothers currently managed by Monfort brothers.
History.
Campion High School was founded in 1880 as the College of the Sacred Heart. Established on property donated by Prairie du Chien philanthropist John Lawler, the school was originally operated as a college by Jesuits from the Buffalo, New York, mission of the German Province of the Society of Jesus. Its first president was Rev. William Becker, S.J. The school continued as a college until 1888, when it was closed to lay students and became a house of formation for Jesuit priests. Ten years later, in 1898, the school was reopened to the public, as both a high school and college. 
In 1907, the Buffalo Mission of the German Province of the Society of Jesus was disbanded, and the College of the Sacred Heart was reorganized into the Missouri Province of the Society of Jesus. Shortly afterward, in 1913, the school was renamed the Campion College of the Sacred Heart. As the name change took place, the school underwent an early expansion phase that saw the construction of several buildings for academic and housing purposes. Then, in 1925, the school's college division was phased out and the institution became known simply as Campion Jesuit High School and was operated as a boy's boarding school. The high school quickly gained a reputation in both academics and athletics, and attracted students from across the nation. The school continued its growth until the mid-1960s, when the enrollment peaked at just below 600 students.
On Saturday, December 14, 1968, a large fire destroyed Campion's Kostka Hall, a building which housed the school's administration center as well as a theater, coffee house, dance hall, student radio station and other student recreational spaces. The fire, which began on the fourth floor, spread slowly and allowed for the building to be safely evacuated without any personal injuries. School records and other important documents were also removed before the fire became uncontrollable, and although the building was a complete loss, the school remained open and recovered quickly. Still, the fire was only one of several problems that the school had to face as it moved towards the 1970s. Not only was the school's enrollment declining dramatically, but the number of Jesuit priests available to operate the school was falling. In addition, ideological differences at the school led to conflicts between liberal and conservative staff members about the school's academic direction as well as its disciplinary and enrollment policies. Meanwhile, students began to rebel in various ways and racial tensions between white and African American students flared after the publication of a poem in a 1969 school newspaper that contained remarks many found to be obscene, racist, and offensive. Matters grew worse in 1972, when a Wisconsin law went into effect that allowed anyone above the age of 18 to purchase and consume alcohol, aggravating a drug problem on the campus. Parents upset at the situation at Campion began to consider alternative schools for their children, and discontented staff members began to resign. Financial difficulties only made matters worse, and in 1975 the school announced that it was closing.
Following Campion's closure, the campus was sold to the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod for $2,800,000 and became home to the new Martin Luther Preparatory School, another boarding school for training boys and girls for the Ministry. This institution opened in 1979 and continued until the early 1990s, when it was moved to Watertown, Wisconsin and consolidated with the Northwestern Preparatory School to become Luther Preparatory School. In 1995, the Prairie du Chien campus was sold to the state of Wisconsin and transformed into a juvenile prison. Today the prison, called the Prairie du Chien Correctional Institution, serves as a medium security adult penitentiary. One building that was formerly part of the Campion High School campus, the sports complex at Hoffman Hall, remains outside of the prison and is currently operated as a public recreational facility by the city of Prairie du Chien.
Notable alumni.
List of alumni

</doc>
<doc id="2876278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876278" title="WIND (AM)">
WIND (AM)

WIND "AM 560" is a radio station based in Chicago, Illinois, broadcasting its talk radio format on 560 kHz. 
Its current owner is Salem Media, a company specializing primarily in Christian radio. WIND is similar to many of Salem's other secular talk stations, airing a lineup consisting of syndicated conservative talkers including Glenn Beck, Michael Medved, Dennis Prager, Michael Savage, Hugh Hewitt, Mike Gallagher, and former Saturday Night Live star Dennis Miller. WIND currently airs two local shows on the weekdays, Big John & Amy (5-9 a.m.) and Joe Walsh (5-8 p.m.). WIND is the flagship station for Carl Amari's nationally syndicated nostalgia & showbiz program "Hollywood 360" which airs Saturday evenings from 8 pm till Midnight. News headlines from Fox News Radio are aired hourly.
History.
WIND first signed on in 1927. It was started by Ralph Atlass, originally licensed to Gary, Indiana. Atlass also started WBBM, Chicago. It was initially known as WJKS and operated on the 1360 KC frequency, sharing it with WSBT (owned by the South Bend Tribune), and WGES. The station moved to its present 560 KC dial spot in 1929, after Chicago stations WIBO and WPCC who were also operating at the 560 KC frequency, were shut down. 
WIND's coverage map notes a 4 tower directional array located South and East of Chicago along I-80/94 near Cline Ave. The North lobe of their signal went to Milwaukee 24 hours daily. Another lobe of the directional signal extended toward Indianapolis during the day, but was shut off at sunset. At 560 on the dial, with 5000 watts, the signal easily blanketed the Chicago market. 
WIND's studios were located on the 3rd floor of the South tower of the Wrigley Building. 
According to old Chicago Tribune radio schedules (found on the website JJ's radio logs) in the late 40's WIND was the "hit music" station for Chicago, mostly playing contemporary music. It also featured Cubs and Sox baseball and big band programs, including Lawrence Welk. 
WIND's programming has always been music and personality driven. In the 50's, Howard Miller (1994), a Chicago radio personality, started a longtime run as Chicago's top rated morning DJ. For the next 20 years, Miller claimed the top spot in Chicago morning radio ratings, only to be toppled in the 1970s by WGN's Wally Phillips. 
Over the years, other WIND personalities included Bernie Allen, Lee Rogers, Dick Williamson, Perry Marshall, Kassidy, Joel Sebastian (1986), Milo Hamilton, Doug Dalghren, Chuck Benson and Kurt Russell, Clark Weber, Jerry G Bishop, Ron Riley, Ron Britain, Steve King, Bill Jurek, and Connie Szerszen. 
Overnight programing began with "Night Watch" featuring Bruce Lee, several other hosts, then Larry Johnson, then Chicago Eddie Schwartz (1946–2009) (who was also music director for a time). 
From the 1940s until the demise of the music format, following the 2:00am newscast, WIND played "The Whiffenpoof Song." The station had a library of over 100 versions of this song. 
In 1956, Atlass sold WIND to Westinghouse. Westinghouse expanded the news department, adding such names as Walt Hamilton, Dick Brazie, Dick Elliott and Bernard Shaw (later of CNN). WIND pioneered 5 minute newscasts at the top and bottom of every hour, and a "meteorologist" (for many years, Earl Finckle) doing the weather forecast, hourly. 
By the 1960s, though WIND, along with other Westinghouse stations employed a "gentle top 40" (an early version of what is now called Hot Adult Contemporary), sometimes derisively called "chicken rock" music format, WLS did much better in the ratings. Several Westinghouse stations went to an all-news format. Others like WIND evolved into adult contemporary formats by the 1970s. Instead of competing against WLS they opted to compete against WGN and its MOR/talk format. 
The station was managed from 1968-1977 by Phil Nolan, Vice President and General Manager. In 1973 WIND won the George Foster Peabody Award for their series "From 18th Street: Destination Peking." 
By 1977 WIND played music during the day along with local news until 10:00 p.m. when they would switch to call-in talk programming featuring Dave Baum (called "Contact"). Similar formats were on Westinghouse sister stations like WBZ in Boston, Massachusetts, WOWO in Fort Wayne, Indiana and KDKA in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
During these years, WIND and WGN had similar formats except the latter played less music. By 1978 WIND switched to a (mostly satellite delivered) news/talk format and opted to add local talk shows in the morning. 
According to "Radio and Records", a radio trade publication, the WIND oldies format was strong until FM station WKFM 103.5 changed call letters to WFYR when it was purchased by RKO for one million dollars (a record price for an FM at the time) and broadcast "Drake-Chenault" automated oldies in stereo. 
When WIND evolved into talk, the tape cartridges, which held the 2000+ song music library, were sent to WOWO, Fort Wayne, another Westinghouse station. 
In 1981, when WIND added all-news blocks between 6:00-9:00 a.m. and 3:00-7:00 p.m. the station did not perform as well as sister stations. In 1985 Westinghouse sold WIND to Tichenor Radio for $6 million and left the Chicago market. The radio station then moved to the 625 N. Michigan building.
Westinghouse later returned to the area by purchasing WMAQ-AM 670 from NBC in 1987. 
In 1985 WIND became a Spanish adult contemporary music station, including Spanish-language news and talk shows. WIND evolved into Spanish news and talk by 1990, but eventually brought back music. In 1998 Tichenor merged with Heftel Broadcasting (which Clear Channel Communications had acquired controlling interest in 1996) to form Hispanic Broadcasting, in which Clear Channel retained a minority stake. Five years later, when Hispanic Broadcasting merged with Univision, Clear Channel relinquished its minority stake in the company, which was renamed Univision Radio.
In 2004 Univision Radio swapped stations with Salem. Univision Radio wanted to move their music format to an FM station, while Salem wanted a major AM station as an outlet for its syndicated talk radio programming. This resulted in Salem owning WIND while Univision Radio got WPPN 106.7. WIND once again became an English-language talk station.
On January 21, 2013, WIND adopted a new branding, AM 560 The Answer, to follow suit with other Salem Communications-owned stations. This meant it would drop its longtime branding as "AM 560 WIND."
Sportscasts.
Effective July 1, 2005, WIND entered into a three-year agreement with the University of Illinois to carry Fighting Illini football and men's basketball games, as well as the coaches shows, through the Illini Sports Radio Network. Those broadcasts continued through the 2013 football season, with the Illini moving back to their longtime Chicago affiliate, WSCR.
WIND was formerly the alternate station of the Chicago Blackhawks and the Northwestern Wildcats in the case of scheduling conflicts at their flagship, WGN. Conflicting games were moved to WGWG-LP, the Tribune Company's new sports talk station, after its start-up in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2876279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876279" title="Ice cube (disambiguation)">
Ice cube (disambiguation)

Ice cube may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876282" title="Elduain">
Elduain

Elduain is a village in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain. It is situated in the Leitzaran valley, some 32 km south of San Sebastián. The municipality has a population of 212 (2005) and covers an area of 25 km². It was founded in 1614.

</doc>
<doc id="2876292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876292" title="Elgeta">
Elgeta

Elgeta (Spanish "Elgueta") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876297" title="Elgoibar">
Elgoibar

Elgoibar (Spanish, "Elgóibar") is an industrial town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
It is located in a valley and it is traversed by the Deba river.
Elgoibar is nicknamed the "capital city of the Machine tool".

</doc>
<doc id="2876301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876301" title="Újpest (disambiguation)">
Újpest (disambiguation)

Újpest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876304" title="Ixtepec, Oaxaca">
Ixtepec, Oaxaca

Ixtepec (formally: Ciudad Ixtepec; previously known as Villa de San Jerónimo Doctor) is a small city, and municipality of the same name, located in the state of Oaxaca, in southern Mexico. 
It is part of the Juchitán District in the west of the Istmo de Tehuantepec region.
History.
The name "Ixtepec" is derived from Nahuatl and roughly translates to either "view of the mountain" or "face of the mountain."Its name was Iztepeque until 1935, when it was officially changed to Ciudad Ixtepec (Ixtepec City). The founding of the city was most likely in the 16th century as a Zapotec settlement shortly before the Spanish Conquest. It remained an indigenous community until the 19th century, with its economy based on subsistence farming. In the early 20th century, the community grew in economic importance as its location made it attractive to foreign investment with the building of the Pan-American Highway, originally as a rail line.
Environment.
The municipality has an area of 229.65 km2 at an average elevation of 40 meters above sea level.
The climate is warm, with rainfall of 950 mm annually mostly falling in the summer.
Average temperature is 27.4°C, ranging from 21.5°C to 30.7°C.
Economy.
As of 2005, there were 6,481 households with a population of 24,181, of whom 4,667 spoke an indigenous language.
Like Ixtaltepec, Juchitán and Tehuantepec, Ixtepec has a significant native Zapotec population. Many indigenous traditions are still followed.
Ixtepec used to be an important railway center point, but nowadays no passenger train traffic runs through. However, a university has recently been constructed there.
Economic activities include very limited agriculture on 972 hectares of irrigated land growing corn, sorghum, sesame and vegetables, 408 small farms raising cattle, pigs or goats, fish hatcheries for crappie, tilapia and red snapper, manufacture of bricks, school uniforms and home furnishings, and mining of black clay for making pots and figurines and adobe bricks.
Communities.
As municipal seat, Ciudad Ixtepec has governing authority over the following communities:

</doc>
<doc id="2876318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876318" title="Willie Adler">
Willie Adler

William M. Adler (born January 26, 1976) is a guitarist in the heavy metal band Lamb of God. He is the younger brother of bandmate Chris Adler.
Career.
Adler joined Lamb of God after the first guitarist, Abe Spear, left the band. Self-taught, Adler is well known for his unconventional style of playing, which includes odd/dissonant chord shapes, unique timing patterns, odd rhythms, high usage of his fretting hand's pinky finger, wide stretches between frets due to an increased reach, and being an obsessive perfectionist with his right hand rhythm playing. He plays mostly the jagged staccato riffs in Lamb of God's songs, while Mark Morton plays more of the groove-oriented rhythms and solos. 
Adler is a primary songwriter in Lamb of God. His songs include "Black Label," "11th Hour," "Blood Junkie," "Hourglass," "Blood of the Scribe," "Beating on Death's Door," "Ashes of the Wake," "Ruin" and "Again We Rise." Adler also co writes songs with Mark Morton, as he wrote the pre-solo breakdown to "Walk With me in Hell", and all of "In Your Words" up until the atmospheric ending which Mark Morton penned. 
Adler has recently worked with Houston metal band Vehement to produce their six-track promo CD.
Equipment.
Guitar Rig & Signal Flow.
A detailed gear diagram of Willie Adler's 2005 Lamb of God guitar rig is well-documented.

</doc>
<doc id="2876319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876319" title="Errezil">
Errezil

Errezil (Spanish, "Régil") is a town in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, located in the north of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876321" title="History of U.S. Pergolettese 1932">
History of U.S. Pergolettese 1932

The history of U.S. Pergolettese 1932 officially started in 1932, following the bankrupt in 2012 of "U.S. Pergocrema 1932", based in Crema, province of Cremona, Lombardy. It currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
From Pergolettese to Pergocrema.
The origins of the football in Crema go back to 1932 when U.S. Pergolettese was founded in Pergoletto, a suburb of the town.
In 1974 the club was renamed U.S. Pergocrema 1932.
In the Serie C2 2007-08 regular season the team finished first in Girone A, winning direct promotion to, the now called, Lega Pro Prima Divisione for the 2008–09 season. In that season Pergocrema obtain an historical 11th place, the best result of all times for the team.
In the 2009-10 Lega Pro Season, Pergocrema finished 15th and were forced to play in the relegation playoffs. They were matched up against 16th-placed Pro Patria, and survived by being the higher classified team after the 2-legged playout finished in a 3-3 aggregate tie.
The bankruptcy.
On 20 June 2012 with the club in strong financial difficulty, Pergocrema was declared bankrupt by the court of Crema and the team was disbanded.
The club generated paper-profit by selling Diego Manzoni for €500,000 in 2009 but directly in exchange for two players Francesco Pambianchi and Niccolò Galli for €250,000 each. In June 2011, one year before the bankruptcy, both players returned to Parma for €125,000 each but again in pure exchange deal, for Makris Petrozzi for €250,000.
From Pizzighettone to Pergolettese.
Pizzighettone.
The club was founded in 1919 as A.S. Pizzighettone, (based in the town of the same name in the Province of Cremona.) with the colors white and light blues and up to season 1995-94 took part just to regional amateur championships.
After a long history of amateur leagues for years, in 2003 the team was promoted to Serie C2 for the first time in their history, under their coach Roberto Venturato.
Having won promotion playoffs in 2005, Pizzighettone were promoted to Serie C1. It was relegated to Serie C2 in 2007 after play-out.
The following year it was relegated to Serie D, but it was readmitted in the new Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. In this season it was again relegated to Serie D.
Pergolettese.
At the end of the 2011-12 Serie D season, "Pizzighettone" moved to city of Crema and changed its name to U.S. Pergolettese 1932 in order to continue the soccer history of "U.S. Pergocrema 1932".
In the 2012-13 season Pergolettese was promoted to 2013–14 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="2876332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876332" title="Osteopontin">
Osteopontin

Osteopontin (OPN), also known as bone sialoprotein I (BSP-1 or BNSP), early T-lymphocyte activation (ETA-1), secreted phosphoprotein 1 (SPP1), 2ar and Rickettsia resistance (Ric), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SPP1" gene (secreted phosphoprotein 1). The murine ortholog is "Spp1". Osteopontin is a SIBLING (glycoprotein) that was first identified in 1986 in osteoblasts.
The prefix "osteo-" indicates that the protein is expressed in bone, although it is also expressed in other tissues. The suffix "-pontin" is derived from "pons," the Latin word for bridge, and signifies osteopontin's role as a linking protein. Osteopontin is an extracellular structural protein and therefore an organic component of bone. Synonyms for this protein include sialoprotein I and 44K BPP (bone phosphoprotein).
The gene has 7 exons, spans 5 kilobases in length and in humans it is located on the long arm of chromosome 4 region 13 (4q13). The protein is composed of ~300 amino acids residues and has ~30 carbohydrate residues attached including 10 sialic acid residues, which are attached to the protein during post-translational modification in the Golgi apparatus. The protein is rich in acidic residues: 30-36% are either aspartic or glutamic acid.
Structure.
General structure.
OPN is a highly negatively charged, extracellular matrix protein that lacks an extensive secondary structure. It is composed of about 300 amino acids (297 in mouse; 314 in human) and is expressed as a 33-kDa nascent protein; there are also functionally important cleavage sites. OPN can go through posttranslational modifications, which increase its apparent molecular weight to about 44 kDa. The OPN gene is composed of 7 exons, 6 of which containing coding sequence. The first two exons contain the 5' untranslated region (5' UTR). Exons 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 code for 17, 13, 27, 14, 108 and 134 amino acids, respectively. All intron-exon boundaries are of the phase 0 type, thus alternative exon splicing maintains the reading frame of the OPN gene.
Isoforms.
Full-length OPN (OPN-FL) can be modified by thrombin cleavage, which exposes a cryptic sequence, SVVYGLR on the cleaved form of the protein known as OPN-R (Fig. 1). This thrombin-cleaved OPN (OPN-R) exposes an epitope for integrin receptors of α4β1, α9β1, and α9β4. These integrin receptors are present on a number of immune cells such as mast cells, neutrophils, and T cells. It is also expressed by monocytes and macrophages. Upon binding these receptors, cells use several signal transduction pathways to elicit immune responses in these cells (See Section 3 for more detail). OPN-R can be further cleaved by Carboxypeptidase B (CPB) by removal of C-terminal arginine and become OPN-L (Fig. 2). The function of OPN-L is largely unknown.
It appears an intracellular variant of OPN (iOPN) is involved in a number of cellular processes including migration, fusion and motility. Intracellular OPN is generated using an alternative translation start site on the same mRNA species used to generate the extracellular isoform. This alternative translation start site is downstream of the N-terminal endoplasmic reticulum-targeting signal sequence, thus allowing cytoplasmic translation of OPN.
Various human cancers, including breast cancer, have been observed to express splice variants of OPN. The cancer-specific splice variants are osteopontin-a, osteopontin-b, and osteopontin-c. Exon 5 is lacking from osteopontin-b, whereas osteopontin-c lacks exon 4. Osteopontin-c has been suggested to facilitate the anchorage-independent phenotype of some human breast cancer cells due to its inability to associate with the extracellular matrix.
Biosynthesis.
Osteopontin is biosynthesized by a variety of tissue types including fibroblasts preosteoblasts, osteoblasts, osteocytes, odontoblasts, some bone marrow cells, hypertrophic chondrocytes, dendritic cells, macrophages, smooth muscle, skeletal muscle myoblasts, endothelial cells, and extraosseous (non-bone) cells in the inner ear, brain, kidney, deciduum, and placenta. Synthesis of osteopontin is stimulated by calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxy-vitamin D3).
Regulation.
Regulation of the osteopontin gene is incompletely understood. Different cell types may differ in their regulatory mechanisms of the OPN gene. OPN expression in bone predominantly occurs by osteoblasts and osteocyctes (bone-forming cells) as well as osteoclasts (bone-resorbing cells). Runx2 (aka Cbfa1) and osterix (Osx) transcription factors are required for the expression of OPN Runx2 and Osx bind promoters of osteoblast-specific genes such as "Col1α1", "Bsp", and "Opn" and upregulate transcription.
Hypocalcemia and hypophosphatemia (instances that stimulate kidney proximal tubule cells to produce calcitriol (1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3)) lead to increases in OPN transcription, translation and secretion. This is due to the presence of a high-specificity vitamin D response element (VDRE) in the OPN gene promoter.
Extracellular inorganic phosphate (ePi) has also been identified as a modulator of OPN expression.
Stimulation of OPN expression also occurs upon exposure of cells to pro-inflammatory cytokines, classical mediators of acute inflammation (e.g. tumour necrosis factor α infterleukin-1β [IL-1β), angiotensin II, transforming growth factor β (TGFβ) and parathyroid hormone (PTH), although a detailed mechanistic understanding of these regulatory pathways are not yet known. Hyperglycemia and hypoxia are also known to increase OPN expression.
Biological function.
Role in biomineralization.
OPN belongs to a family of secreted acidic proteins whose members have an abundance of negatively charged amino acids such as Asp and Glu. OPN also has a large number of consensus sequence sites for post-translational phosphorylation of Ser residues to form phosphoserine, providing additional negative charge. Contiguous stretches of high negative charge in OPN have been identified and named the polyAsp motif (poly-aspartic acid) and the ASARM motif (acidic serine- and asparate-rich motif), with the latter sequence having multiple phosphorylation sites. This overall negative charge of OPN, along with its specific acidic motifs and the fact that OPN is an intrinsically disordered protein allowing for open and flexible structures, permit OPN to bind strongly to calcium atoms available at crystal surfaces in various biominerals. Such binding of OPN to various types of calcium-based biominerals ‒ such as calcium-phosphate mineral in bones and teeth, calcium-carbonate mineral in inner ear otoconia and avian eggshells, and calcium-oxalate mineral in kidney stones – acts as a mineralization inhibitor to regulate crystal growth. 
OPN is a substrate protein for a number of enzymes whose actions may modulate the mineralization-inhibiting function of OPN, a prominent one being PHEX (phosphate-regulating gene with homologies to endopeptidases on the X chromosome), which can extensively degrade OPN and whose inactivating gene mutations lead to altered processing of OPN and osteomalacia (soft hypomineralized bones) in X-linked hypophosphatemia (XLH).
Along with its role in the regulation of normal mineralization within the extracellular matrices of bones and teeth, OPN is also upregulated at sites of pathologic, ectopic calcification – such as for example, in urolithiasis and vascular calcification ‒ presumably at least in part to inhibit debilitating mineralization in these soft tissues.
Role in bone remodeling.
Osteopontin has been implicated as an important factor in bone remodeling. Specifically, research suggests it plays a role in anchoring osteoclasts to the mineral matrix of bones. The organic part of bone is about 20% of the dry weight, and counts in, other than osteopontin, collagen type I, osteocalcin, osteonectin, bone sialo protein, and alkaline phosphatase. Collagen type I counts for 90% of the protein mass. The inorganic part of bone is the mineral hydroxyapatite, Ca10(PO4)6(OH)2. Loss of this mineral may lead to osteoporosis, as the bone is depleted for calcium if this is not supplied in the diet.
OPN serves to initiate the process by which osteoclasts develop their ruffled borders to begin bone resorption. It is also found in urine, where it inhibits kidney stone formation.
Role in immune functions.
As discussed, OPN binds to several integrin receptors including α4β1, α9β1, and α9β4 expressed by leukocytes. These receptors have been well-established to function in cell adhesion, migration, and survival in these cells. Therefore, recent research efforts have focused on the role of OPN in mediating such responses.
Osteopontin (OPN) is expressed in a range of immune cells, including macrophages, neutrophils, dendritic cells, and T and B cells, with varying kinetics. OPN is reported to act as an immune modulator in a variety of manners. Firstly, it has chemotactic properties, which promote cell recruitment to inflammatory sites. It also functions as an adhesion protein, involved in cell attachment and wound healing. In addition, OPN mediates cell activation and cytokine production, as well as promoting cell survival by regulating apoptosis. The following examples are found.
Chemotaxis.
OPN plays an important role in neutrophil recruitment in alcoholic liver disease. OPN is important for the migration of neutrophil in vitro. In addition, OPN recruits inflammatory cells to arthritis joints in the collagen-induced arthritis model of rheumatoid arthritis. A recent in vitro study in 2008 has found that OPN plays a role in mast cell migration. Here OPN knock-out mast cells were cultured and they observed a decreased level of chemotaxis in these cells compared to wildtype mast cells. OPN was also found to act as a macrophage chemotactic factor. In this study, researchers looked at the accumulation of macrophages in the brain of rhesus monkeys and found that OPN prevented macrophages from leaving the accumulation site, indicating an increased level of chemotaxis.
Cell activation.
Activated T cells are promoted by IL-12 to differentiate towards the Th1 type, producing cytokines including IL-12 and IFNγ. OPN inhibits production of the Th2 cytokine IL-10, which leads to enhanced Th1 response. OPN influences cell-mediated immunity and has Th1 cytokine functions. It enhances B cell immunoglobulin production and proliferation. Recent studies in 2008 suggest that OPN also induces mast cell degranulation. The researchers here observed that IgE-mediated anaphylaxis was significantly reduced in OPN knock-out mice compared to wild-type mice. The role of OPN in activation of macrophages has also been implicated in a cancer study, when researchers discovered that OPN-producing tumors were able to induce macrophage activation compared to OPN-deficient tumors.
Apoptosis.
OPN is an important anti-apoptotic factor in many circumstances. OPN blocks the activation-induced cell death of macrophages and T cells as well as fibroblasts and endothelial cells exposed to harmful stimuli. OPN prevents non-programmed cell death in inflammatory colitis.
Potential clinical application.
The fact that OPN interacts with multiple cell surface receptors that are ubiquitously expressed makes it an active player in many physiological and pathological processes including wound healing, bone turnover, tumorigenesis, inflammation, ischemia, and immune responses1. Therefore, manipulation of plasma (or local) OPN levels may be useful in the treatment of autoimmune diseases, cancer metastasis, bone (and tooth) mineralization diseases, osteoporosis, and some forms of stress.
Role in autoimmune diseases.
OPN has been implicated in pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis. For instance, researchers found that OPN-R, the thrombin-cleaved form of OPN, was elevated in the rheumatoid arthritis joint. However, the role of OPN in rheumatoid arthritis is still unclear. One group found that OPN knock-out mice were protected against arthritis. while others were not able to reproduce this observation. OPN has been found to play a role in other autoimmune diseases including autoimmune hepatitis, allergic airway disease, and multiple sclerosis.
Role in cancers and inflammatory diseases.
It has been shown that OPN drives IL-17 production; OPN is overexpressed in a variety of cancers, including lung cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, stomach cancer, ovarian cancer, papillary thyroid carcinoma, melanoma and pleural mesothelioma; OPN contributes both glomerulonephritis and tubulointerstitial nephritis; and OPN is found in atheromatous plaques within arteries. Thus, manipulation of plasma OPN levels may be useful in the treatment of autoimmune diseases, cancer metastasis, osteoporosis and some forms of stress.
Research has implicated osteopontin in excessive scar-forming and a gel has been developed to inhibit its effect.
Role in allergy and asthma.
Osteopontin has recently been associated with allergic inflammation and asthma. Using a murine model of allergic inflammation, it was demonstrated that OPN-s, the secreted form of OPN, exerts opposing effects on mouse Th2 effector responses and subsequent allergic airway disease: pro-inflammatory at primary systemic sensitization, and anti-inflammatory during secondary pulmonary antigenic challenge, mainly through the regulation of different dendritic cell subsets. OPN deficiency was also reported to protect against remodeling and bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR), again using a chronic allergen-challenge model of airway remodeling. Furthermore, it was recently demonstrated that OPN expression is upregulated in human asthma, is associated with remodeling changes and its subepithelial expression correlates to disease severity. OPN has also been reported to be increased in the sputum supernatant of smoking asthmatics, as well as the BALF and bronchial tissue of smoking controls and asthmatics.
Role in muscle disease and injury.
Evidence is accumulating that suggests that osteopontin plays a number of roles in diseases of skeletal muscle, such as Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Osteopontin has been described as a component of the inflammatory environment of dystrophic and injured muscles, and has also been shown to increase scarring of diaphragm muscles of aged dystrophic mice. A recent study has identified osteopontin as a determinant of disease severity in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. This study found that a mutation in the osteopontin gene promoter, known to cause low levels of osteopontin expression, is associated with a decrease in age to loss of ambulation and muscle strength in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2876345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876345" title="Rather Ripped">
Rather Ripped

Rather Ripped is the 14th studio album by Sonic Youth, which was released on June 13, 2006. It was their first album without guitarist Jim O'Rourke since 2000's "NYC Ghosts & Flowers". The album was described by Thurston Moore as "a super song record" containing "rockers and ballads". The name "Rather Ripped" comes from a Berkley, CA record store that his since moved to Pittsburgh, PA. "Rather Ripped" contained three singles, "Rather Ripped Album Sampler", "Helen Lundeberg/Eyeliner", and "Incinerate". The album's working titles were "Sonic Life" and "Do You Believe in Rapture?" 
On the UK release of the album, two bonus tracks were included ("Helen Lundeberg" and "Eyeliner"), which were taken from an untitled single that was released shortly before the record. "Helen Lundeberg" is also available in the USA as a bonus track on the iTunes Music Store digital download edition of the album.
On the Japanese release of the album, three bonus tracks were included. In addition to the two UK bonus tracks ("Helen Lundeberg" and "Eyeliner"), the track "Do You Believe in Rapture? (psychedelic mix)" was also included.
"Rather Ripped" charted at number 64 on the UK Album Chart and at number 71 on the US "Billboard" Top 200. The album came 43rd in Pitchfork's Top 50 Albums of 2006 and ranked third in "Rolling Stone"'s Top 50 Albums of 2006.
"Rather Ripped" was Sonic Youth's last studio album on Geffen. They left the label in 2008, and are currently recording on Matador Records.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 82 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "universal acclaim"; the score is tied with the 2002 album "Murray Street". "Stylus Magazine" gave the album an A- and called it the band's " radio-rock record, and it's not a tribute, it's as close to the real thing as they've come since they actually had a chance at radio play back in the '90s." "The A.V. Club" also gave it an A- and said it was " unmistakably a Sonic Youth album, right down to the snatches of amp-on-fire distortion, the tuneless speak-singing of Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon, and an emphasis on guitar texture that includes amplifying each strummed string." "Prefix Magazine" gave the album a very favorable review and stated, "To call the album the band's most accessible to date is no slur. There's nothing wrong with accessible indie rock when it's this pristine and polished." "The New York Times" also gave it a very favorable review and called it "a fully legitimate, clear and strong rock 'n' roll record in the band's own style. And it may really be the best one." "The Phoenix" gave it three-and-a-half stars out of four and called it "Youth's most openly 'mature' disc, possibly their best since ’95’s "Washing Machine", maybe even the almighty "Daydream Nation"."
Neumu.net gave the album a score of eight stars out of ten and said it was "what you'd expect from a Sonic Youth that's getting back to the cool rock 'n' roll sound they trademarked years ago, completed by a tagline of frenzied feedback and chiming guitars." Yahoo! Music UK also gave it eight stars and called it "a terrific, life-affirming and, at times, deeply romantic album - one that proves the potentials in both rock'n'roll and the electric guitar." Playlouder gave it four stars out of five and called it "the most accomplished and mature album Sonic Youth have done in years." "Mojo" also gave it four stars out of five and stated, "There's surely never been a Sonic Youth album so un-self-conscious." "Uncut" likewise gave the album four stars out of five and said that "Several tracks are up with band's best." "Alternative Press" likewise gave it four stars and called it "the sound of a band no longer setting their distortion pedals on stun, and, as a result, the best songs are as low-key as a small town on Sunday morning." "Paste" gave it a score of eight out of ten and called it "About as accessible and smooth as this band is going to get." "Now" also gave the album four stars out of five and said that Sonic Youth "continue their slow but remarkable progression that currently finds them, for the most part, dropping old SY standbys such as long experimental noise passages in exchange for a significantly more sedated route." "Billboard" likewise gave it a favorable review and called it "a concise serving of what the band does best."
"NME" gave the album a score of seven out of ten and called it "a really good record--but not a patch on... "Daydream Nation"." "Under the Radar" gave the album seven stars out of ten and stated, "Rarely have Youth laid down so many tunes that are this downright pretty, hummable, even." "Dusted Magazine" gave the album a positive review and called it "a fitting overview of everything that’s always worked for Sonic Youth in the past." E! Online gave it a B- and said that the album "feels more overly familiar and Velvet Underground-y than usual, which isn't a good thing for a band with such forward-thinking ideals."
Other reviews were average or mixed: "Q" gave the album three stars out of five and called it the "most mature album to date." "Blender" also gave it three stars out of five and called it "band's songiest record in more than a decade." "Spin" gave the album a score of four out of ten and called it "three- or four-minute songcraft--never the highlight of band's resume."

</doc>
<doc id="2876346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876346" title="Jef Mallett">
Jef Mallett

Jef Mallett (born 1962) is the creator and artist of the nationally syndicated comic strip Frazz. He attended nursing school as well as EMT training for a period of time before leaving to pursue his artistic interests. He has a longtime interest in bicycling and hanggliding and is an avid triathlete, having completed his first triathlon in 1981 (coming in 9th); twice, he has also participated in and completed the Ironman Triathlon. He is married and lives in Huntington Woods, Michigan, United States.
Career.
While in high school, Mallett published his first comic strip for his local newspaper, the Big Rapids Pioneer. His first comic series was entitled "Birchbark", telling the saga of a French-Canadian trapper. After becoming a graphic artist, he worked in that capacity for regional newspapers, the Grand Rapids Press and the Flint Journal. Afterwards, Mallett left the commercial world to concentrate on Frazz full-time.

</doc>
<doc id="2876350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876350" title="Scalidophora">
Scalidophora

Scalidophora is a group of marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates, consisting of the three phyla Kinorhyncha, Priapulida, and Loricifera. The three phyla have four characters in common — chitinous cuticle that is moulted, rings of scalids on the introvert, flosculi, and two rings of introvert retracts. Their closest relatives are thought to be the Panarthropoda, Nematoda and Nematomorpha; they are thus placed in the group Ecdysozoa.
The two species in the genus "Markuelia", known from fossilized embryos from the middle Cambrian, are thought to be stem Scalidophorans.
The group has also been considered a single group, Cephalorhyncha, with three classes.
The group is named after the spines (scalids) covering the introvert (head that can be retracted into the trunk).

</doc>
<doc id="2876353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876353" title="Ezkio-Itsaso">
Ezkio-Itsaso

Ezkio-Itsaso (Spanish, Ezquioga-Ichaso) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, in northern Spain.
It is a rural, idyllic place founded in 1965 by the fusion of the municipalities of Ezkio and Itsaso. Ezkio was renowned in the 1930s for the apparitions of the Virgin Mary even though the Catholic Church has not authenticated them.
There is an advanced project to build an AVE high-speed train station in Ezkio-Itsaso that would become an important travel hub connecting the Basque Y to Navarre.

</doc>
<doc id="2876354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876354" title="FIFA Soccer Manager">
FIFA Soccer Manager

FIFA Soccer Manager (or simply "FSM") is a 1997 football managing computer game developed and published by Electronic Arts by their EA Sports label. It was followed by the "The FA Premier League Football Manager" and the "Total Club Manager" series. A 97-98 update for the game is freely available from Electronic Arts' FTP.
One of the first games in the genre developed for the Windows platform, FSM included five playable leagues (England, Scotland, Italy, Germany and France) and all UEFA competitions, including around 7500 players.
FSM was also known for a complete stadium builder, where combining 300 different pieces (stands and roofs) allowed the creation of stadiums with over 300,000 seats (a figure which is still double the highest stadium capacity in the world). While the overall presentation (which included short FMV clips for some events, such as cup/league wins and being sacked) was praised, the interface relied too much on submenus that could not only be reached outside the main section, slowing down gameplay. Also, when the better players retired, they were replaced only by average younger players (rated between 75 and 80), which harmed the possibilities of games over 15 years long, combined with the impossibility of joining a different club.

</doc>
<doc id="2876358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876358" title="Gabiria">
Gabiria

Gabiria is a town and municipality located in the region of Goierri of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876360" title="Potassium manganate">
Potassium manganate

Potassium manganate is the inorganic compound with the formula K2MnO4. This green-colored salt is an intermediate in the industrial synthesis of potassium permanganate (KMnO4), a common chemical. Occasionally, potassium manganate and potassium "per"manganate are confused, but they are different compounds with distinctly different properties.
Structure.
K2MnO4 is a salt, consisting of K+ cations and MnO42− anions. X-ray crystallography shows that the anion is tetrahedral, with Mn-O distances of 1.66 Å, ca. 0.03 Å longer than the Mn-O distances in KMnO4. It is isostructural with potassium sulfate.
Synthesis.
The industrial route entails treatment of MnO2 with air:
The transformation gives a green-colored melt. In fact, one can test an unknown substance for the presence of manganese by heating the sample in strong KOH in air. The production of a green coloration indicates the presence of Mn. This green color results from an intense absorption at 610 nm.
In laboratory, K2MnO4 can be synthesized by heating a solution of KMnO4 in concentrated KOH solution followed by cooling to give green crystals:
This reaction illustrates the relatively rare role of hydroxide as a reducing agent. Solutions of K2MnO4 are generated by allowing a solution of KMnO4 in 5-10 M KOH to stir for a day at room temperature followed by removal of MnO2, which is insoluble. The concentration of K2MnO4 in such solutions can be checked by measuring their absorbance at 610 nm.
The one-electron reduction of permanganate to manganate can also be effected using iodide as the reducing agent:
The conversion is signaled by the color change from purple, characteristic of permanganate, to the green color of manganate. This reaction also illustrates the fact that manganate(VII) can serve as an electron acceptor in addition to its usual role as an oxygen-transfer reagent. Barium manganate, BaMnO4, is generated by the reduction of KMnO4 with iodide in the presence of barium chloride. Just like BaSO4, BaMnO4 exhibits low solubility in virtually all solvents.
An easy method for preparing potassium manganate in the laboratory involves heating crystals or powder of pure potassium permanganate. Potassium permanganate will decompose into potassium manganate, manganese dioxide and oxygen gas:
This reaction is a laboratory method to prepare oxygen.
Reactions.
At lower pH, the manganate ion will disproportionate to permanganate ion and manganese dioxide:
The colorful nature of this reaction has led the manganate/manganate(VII) pair to be referred to as a chemical chameleon. This disproportionation reaction, which becomes rapid when [] < 1M, follows bimolecular kinetics.
Other references.
See category for a list.

</doc>
<doc id="2876364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876364" title="Gaintza">
Gaintza

Gaintza is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876372" title="Gaztelu">
Gaztelu

Gaztelu is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876374" title="Getaria">
Getaria

Getaria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876387" title="Prelap">
Prelap

Prelap is a screenwriting term that means the dialogue from the next scene precedes the cut, and zthe beginning of the dialogue in the outgoing scene is heard. As an example:
In this example, Adrian's voice precedes the scene out in the woods. The "V.O." means "Voice Over" and the "PRELAP" indicates that Adrian's dialogue should be heard before the next scene begins. Adrian, in this example, might not even be in the scene the other characters are in when the prelap occurs. ("O.S." or "Off Screen" would not be appropriate as the term should only be used for characters unseen but on set.)
"Prelaps" can be of sound or dialogue, or anything non-visual, since a visual would indicate a direct cut to a new scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2876400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876400" title="List of Acts of the Parliament of Ireland to 1700">
List of Acts of the Parliament of Ireland to 1700

__NOTOC__
This is an "incomplete" list of Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for the years up until 1700. See also the List of Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, 1701–1800.
The number shown by each Act's title is its chapter number. Acts are cited using this number, preceded by the year(s) of the reign during which the relevant parliamentary session was held; thus the Act concerning assay passed in 1783 is cited as "23 & 24 Geo. 3 c. 23", meaning the 23rd Act passed during the session that started in the 23rd year of the reign of George III and which finished in the 24th year of that reign. Note that the modern convention is to use Arabic numerals in citations (thus "40 Geo. 3" rather than "40 Geo. III"). Acts of the reign of Elizabeth I are formally cited without a regnal numeral in the Republic of Ireland.
Acts passed by the Parliament of Ireland did not have a short title; however, some of these Acts have subsequently been given a short title by Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, Acts of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or Acts of the Oireachtas. This means that some Acts have different short titles in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland respectively.
A number of the Acts included in this list are still in force in Northern Ireland or the Republic of Ireland. Because these two jurisdictions are entirely separate, the version of an Act in force in one may differ from the version in force in the other; similarly, an Act may have been repealed in one but not in the other.
A number of Acts passed by the Parliament of England also extended to Ireland during this period.

</doc>
<doc id="2876405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876405" title="Archbishop's Palace, Charing">
Archbishop's Palace, Charing

Archbishop's Palace, Charing an important heritage site first mentioned in the Domesday Book as land held by the Archbishop of Canterbury at 'Meddestane', was redeveloped as a palace in 1348. This was one of a string of medieval palaces at Charing, Otford and Croydon, serving the archbishops travelling between Canterbury and London. 
The Archbishops' registers indicate that a palace at Charing was in regular use from the time of Archbishop Peckham (1279–1292). Later both Henry VII and Henry VIII stayed at the Palace, the latter on his way to the Field of the Cloth of Gold. The property was seized by the Crown after the Dissolution in 1545 and was subsequently leased to and later owned by local farming gentry, notably the Honywoods and the Whelers. The present owner’s family acquired the complex in the 1950s. In 1952 the palace was designated a Grade I Listed building. The buildings are also a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
In 2004, the Archbishop's Palace was one of the featured buildings, and a finalist, in the BBC/Endemol TV series Restoration (presented by Griff Rhys Jones, Ptolemy Dean and Marianne Suhr, produced and directed by Paul Coueslant). 

</doc>
<doc id="2876410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876410" title="Hernialde">
Hernialde

Hernialde is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876423" title="Magdeburg Water Bridge">
Magdeburg Water Bridge

The Magdeburg Water Bridge (German: Kanalbrücke Magdeburg) is a large navigable aqueduct in central Germany, located near Magdeburg. The largest canal underbridge in Europe, it spans the river Elbe and directly connects the Mittellandkanal to the west and Elbe-Havel Canal to the east of the river, allowing large commercial ships to pass between the Rhineland and Berlin without having to descend into and then climb out of the Elbe itself.
Planning for the canal crossing dates back to at least the beginning of the 20th century. Work on the Mittellandkanal began in 1905, while work on the overall project continued until 1942, when all construction was brought to a halt because of World War II. After the war, the government of East Germany did not resume work on the project because east-west trade was no longer important in the context of the Cold War. After the reunification of Germany, the reestablishment of major water transport routes made the water bridge a priority again. Work started in 1997, with construction taking six years and costing €501 million. The water bridge now connects Berlin’s inland harbour network with the ports along the Rhine River. The aqueduct's tough structure incorporates 24,000 tonnes of steel and 68,000 cubic meters of concrete.
History.
Planning for the canal crossing dates back to at least the beginning of the 20th century. Work on the Mittellandkanal began in 1905, while work on the overall project continued until 1942, when all construction was brought to a halt because of World War II. After the war, the government of East Germany did not resume work on the project because east-west trade was no longer important in the context of the Cold War. After the reunification of Germany, the reestablishment of major water transport routes made the water bridge a priority again. Work started in 1997, with construction taking six years and costing €501 million. The water bridge now connects Berlin’s inland harbour network with the ports along the Rhine River. The aqueduct's tough structure incorporates 24,000 tonnes of steel and 68,000 cubic meters of concrete.
Pop culture.
The bridge is featured in the motion picture "Hanna", at approximately 75 minutes into the film.
Locks.
In addition to the bridge, a double lock was constructed to allow vessels to descend from the level of the bridge and Mittelland Canal to that of the Elbe-Havel Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="2876425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876425" title="Aurora Pro Patria 1919">
Aurora Pro Patria 1919

Aurora Pro Patria 1919 (commonly referred to as Pro Patria) is an Italian association football club, based in Busto Arsizio, Lombardy. They currently play in Lega Pro Prima Divisione. 
In Latin, Pro Patria translates to "For the Fatherland".
History.
Pro Patria et Libertate.
The club was founded in 1919.
It played fourteen times in Serie A during the first half of the 20th century, the last time being in 1955–56.
In 1995 the "Pro Patria et Libertate" is not enrolled in the Serie D.
Pro Patria Gallaratese G.B..
The Gallaratese of Gallarate admitted to Serie C2, in order to keep the historical brand alive, legally has changed its name to "Pro Patria Gallaratese G.B." (G.B. being for Gallarate and Busto Arsizio, respectively): the club is direct heir of the "Pro Patria et Libertate".
It was playing in the fourth tier until 2002, when the club won promotion to Serie C1 after playoffs. In 2008 the club was relegated to Serie C2 after losing in the playoffs to Hellas Verona by 2–1 on aggregate, but was later readmitted to Lega Pro Prima Divisione to fill a vacancy.
On June 2008, a club takeover was completed, and ambitious plans for a return to Serie B were unveiled. However, impressive performances in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione 2008–09 were accompanied by financial troubles, that led to the club being declared insolvent by the local magistrature in April 2009 due to excessive financial debts. The club's president was later arrested and has to stand trial on charges related to the bankruptcy. The drive to Serie B came to nothing for the team in the most bitter way, badly losing the home return match of their playoff final against Padova, who played with 10 men after an early sending off.
Aurora Pro Patria 1919.
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 since 27 June 2009 is the new name of the club that had later to be completely reconstructed from scratch by the new management (led by the Tesoro family, construction businessmen from Apulia). In the season 2009-10 it was relegated to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
2013 racism incident.
On January 3, 2013, the club was hosting A.C. Milan in a friendly, when the crowd aimed racist chants at A.C. Milan players, including M'Baye Niang, Urby Emanuelson, Sulley Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng. Boateng reacted angrily, kicking the ball into the stands, before the Milan players walked off the field, causing the game to be abandoned.
The Italian side have now been forced to play one game behind closed doors because of this incident.
Notable former players.
"This list of former players includes those who received international caps while playing for the team, made significant contributions to the team in terms of appearances or goals while playing for the team, or who made significant contributions to the sport either before they played for the team, or after they left. It is clearly not yet complete and all inclusive, and additions and refinements will continue to be made over time."

</doc>
<doc id="2876430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876430" title="Ricky Sbragia">
Ricky Sbragia

Richard "Ricky" Sbragia (born 26 May 1956) is a Scottish former professional footballer and manager. As a coach, he spent time at Manchester United and Bolton, before joining Roy Keane's backroom staff at Sunderland. Sbragia became manager of Sunderland following Keane's departure, although he himself resigned in 2009 after guiding them to safety in the Premier League. Sbragia spent the next two years as a scout at Sunderland, before leaving in 2011.
Playing career.
Sbragia was born in Lennoxtown, East Dunbartonshire and is of Italian descent. He started his footballing career with Birmingham City as an apprentice in June 1972. He signed as a professional at the club in May 1974 and made his debut during the 1974–75 season. He joined Morton on loan in the Scottish Football League during the 1975–76 season and made four appearances. He was unable to establish himself in the first team at Birmingham and after making 15 appearances and scoring one goal, he joined Walsall in October 1978 for a fee of £15,000. He won promotion with Walsall in the 1979–80 season after the team finished second in the Fourth Division, before making a move to Third Division side Blackpool for £35,000 in July 1980. After making 26 appearances and scoring one goal during two seasons at Blackpool, he was signed up by Denis Smith at York City in August 1982. His debut came on the opening day of the 1982–83 season on 28 August 1982 in a 1–1 with Torquay United at Bootham Crescent. He finished the season as an ever-present with 52 appearances in all competitions and scored a goal in a 2–2 draw against Halifax Town. He struck up a partnership with John MacPhail in defence during the 1983–84 season, when York won the Fourth Division with 101 points. He scored York's equaliser against Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round on 20 February 1985, which set up a lucrative replay at Anfield. Sbragia suffered from a back injury during this match and had surgery on a spinal disc herniation. He joined Darlington on loan in August 1985 and made six appearances for the team. At the end of his playing career, he played one game for Belfast side Linfield in an exhibition match against Glentoran, where he went on to score two goals.
Coaching and managerial career.
He retired from playing in 1987 and commenced his coaching career with York as youth-team coach and obtained his Football Association coaching badge in May 1990. He led the youth team to the quarter-finals of the FA Youth Cup for the first time in the 1992–93 season. He took over as youth-team coach at Sunderland in 1994 and was later promoted to reserve team coach. He moved to Manchester United as reserve team coach on 20 November 2002, where he built up a successful reserve side, nurturing the fledgling talents of Kieran Richardson and Darren Fletcher, amongst others. He was appointed as first-team coach of Bolton Wanderers on 10 October 2005. After the departure of Sam Allardyce from Bolton on 29 April 2007, Sammy Lee was appointed as manager of Bolton, with Sbragia retaining his position as first-team coach alongside Jimmy Phillips and Gary Speed.
Sbragia rejoined Sunderland's coaching staff in November 2007, and was appointed as caretaker manager following the departure of Roy Keane on 4 December 2008. He took charge of the team for their match against Manchester United, which was lost 1–0. This was followed up with a 4–0 victory over West Bromwich Albion and a 4–1 win at Hull City, although Sbragia remained coy over the possibility of taking over permanently. He was appointed as manager on a permanent basis on 27 December on an 18-month contract. On 24 May 2009, after guiding Sunderland to Premier League survival on the final day of the season, Sbragia resigned as manager of the club. He remained at Sunderland as chief scout, a post which he held until April 2011.
Sbragia was appointed head coach of the Scotland national under-17 team in August 2011. He was moved up with the Scotland national under-17 team to coach the Scotland national under-19 team for the 2012–13 season.
Honours.
Walsall
York City

</doc>
<doc id="2876432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876432" title="Mechannibals">
Mechannibals

Mechannibals was a television game show aired on the British television channel BBC Two in 2005. It was made by the independent production company IWC Media. The host was Louise Brady.
The show was sometimes likened to Channel 4's "Scrapheap Challenge" or the earlier BBC series "The Great Egg Race", it centred around taking two families from the same area and setting them a task to create some form of machine. The contestant families were required to create it using only parts found in their home. Machines created include a shed destroyer, a beer chiller and a food cooking and preparing machine. The finished creations were then judged by people who have some knowledge about the subject. The winning family was then given enough money to replace all their used equipment with top-of-the-range alternatives. The other family however was left merely with a toolbox.

</doc>
<doc id="2876436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876436" title="Ikaztegieta">
Ikaztegieta

Ikaztegieta (Spanish, "Icazteguieta") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876437" title="The Nightingale (fairy tale)">
The Nightingale (fairy tale)

"The Nightingale" (Danish: "Nattergalen") is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about an emperor who prefers the tinkling of a bejeweled mechanical bird to the song of a real nightingale. When the Emperor is near death, the nightingale's song restores his health. Well received upon its publication in Copenhagen in 1843 in "New Fairy Tales", the tale is believed to have been inspired by the author's unrequited love for opera singer Jenny Lind, the "Swedish nightingale". The story has been adapted to opera, ballet, musical play, television drama and animated film.
Plot.
The Emperor of China learns that one of the most beautiful things in his empire is the song of the nightingale. When he orders the nightingale brought to him, a kitchen maid (the only one at court who knows of its whereabouts) leads the court to a nearby forest where the bird is found. The nightingale agrees to appear at court. The Emperor is so delighted with the bird's song that he keeps the nightingale in captivity. When the Emperor is given a bejeweled mechanical bird he loses interest in the real nightingale, who returns to the forest. The mechanical bird eventually breaks down due to overuse. The Emperor is taken deathly ill a few years later. The real nightingale learns of the Emperor's condition and returns to the palace. Death is so moved by the nightingale's song that he departs and the emperor recovers. The nightingale agrees to sing to the emperor of all the happenings in the empire, so that he will be known as the wisest emperor ever to live.
Composition and publication.
According to Andersen's date book for 1843, "The Nightingale" was composed on 11 and 12 October 1843, and "began in Tivoli", an amusement park and pleasure garden with Chinese motifs in Copenhagen that opened in the summer of 1843.
The tale was first published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen on 11 November 1843 in the first volume of the first collection of "New Fairy Tales". The volume included "The Angel", "The Sweethearts; or, The Top and the Ball", and "The Ugly Duckling". The tale was critically well received, and furthered Andersen's success and popularity. It was reprinted on 18 December 1849 in "Fairy Tales" and again, on 15 December 1862 in the first volume of "Fairy Tales and Stories".
Jenny Lind.
Andersen met Swedish opera singer Jenny Lind (1820–1887) in 1840, and experienced an unrequited love for the singer. Lind preferred a platonic relationship with Andersen, and wrote him in 1844, "God bless and protect my brother is the sincere wish of his affectionate sister." Jenny was the illegitimate daughter of a schoolmistress, and established herself at the age of eighteen as a world class singer with her powerful soprano. Andersen's "The Nightingale" is generally considered a tribute to her.
Andersen wrote in "The True Story of My Life", published in 1847, "Through Jenny Lind I first became sensible of the holiness of Art. Through her I learned that one must forget one's self in the service of the Supreme. No books, no men, have had a more ennobling influence upon me as a poet than Jenny Lind".
"The Nightingale" made Jenny Lind known as The Swedish Nightingale well before she became an international superstar and wealthy philanthropist in Europe and the United States. Strangely enough, the nightingale story became a reality for Jenny Lind in 1848-1849, when she fell in love with the Polish composer Fryderyk Chopin (1810–1849). His letters reveal that he felt "better" when she sang for him, and Jenny Lind arranged a concert in London to raise funds for a tuberculosis hospital. With the knowledge of Queen Victoria, Jenny Lind attempted unsuccessfully to marry Chopin in Paris in May 1849. Soon after, she had to flee the cholera epidemic, but returned to Paris shortly before he died of tuberculosis on 17 October 1849. Jenny Lind devoted the rest of her life to enshrining Chopin's legacy. Lind never recovered. She wrote to Andersen on 23 November 1871 from Florence: "I would have been happy to die for this my first and last, deepest, purest love."
Andersen, whose own father died of tuberculosis, may have been inspired by "Ode to a Nightingale" (1819), a poem John Keats wrote in anguish over his brother Tom's death of tuberculosis. Keats even evokes an emperor: "Thou was not born for death, immortal Bird! / No hungry generations tread thee down / The Voice I hear this passing night was heard / In ancient days by emperor and clown". Keats died of tuberculosis in 1821, and is buried in Rome, a city that continued to fascinate Andersen long after his first visit in 1833.
Lars Bo Jensen has criticized the Hans Christian Andersen/Jenny Lind theory: "...to judge Andersen from a biographical point of view only is to reduce great and challenging literature to casebook notes. Thus it is a pity to regard "The Nightingale" as simply the story of Andersen's passion for the singer Jenny Lind, when it is equally important to focus on what the tale says about art, love, nature, being, life, and death, or on the uniquely beautiful and highly original way in which these issues are treated. Andersen's works are great, but it has become customary to make them seem small. It has been and still is the task of interpreters of Hans Christian Andersen's life and work to adjust this picture and to try to show him as a thinking poet."
Jeffrey and Diane Crone Frank have noted that the fairy tale "was no doubt inspired by Andersen's crush on Jenny Lind, who was about to become famous throughout Europe and the United States as the Swedish Nightingale. He had seen her that fall, when she was performing in Copenhagen. Copenhagen's celebrated Tivoli Gardens opened that season, and its Asian fantasy motif was even more pronounced than it is today. Andersen had been a guest at the opening in August and returned for a second visit in October. In his diary that night he wrote: 'At Tivoli Gardens. Started the Chinese fairy tale.' He finished it in two days."
Heidi Anne Heiner of "SurLaLune Fairy Tales" has observed, "The tale's theme of "real" vs. "mechanical/artificial" has become even more pertinent since 1844 as the Industrial Revolution has led to more and more artificial intelligences, machines, and other technologies. The tale gains more poignance in the age of recorded music."
Popular culture.
Adaptations.
The story has inspired the creation of several notable adaptations. One of the best known is Russian composer Igor Stravinsky's opera "Le Rossignol" (1914, rev. 1962), a 35-minute, 3 act opera with a libretto by the composer and Stepan Mitusov. "The Song of the Nightingale", a 20-minute symphonic tone poem was constructed by Stravinsky from the opera's score in 1917 and accompanied a ballet presented in 1920 by Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes with sets by Henri Matisse and choreography by Léonide Massine. The tale has seen two noteworthy animated film productions: Lotte Reiniger's shadow puppet production "The Chinese Nightingale" in 1927, and Czech Jiří Trnka's "The Emperor's Nightingale" in 1948. "Nightingale: A New Musical", premiered in London 18 December 1982 starring Sarah Brightman. On television, the tale was adapted for "Shelley Duvall's Faerie Tale Theatre" in 1983 with Mick Jagger as the Emperor, Bud Cort as the Music Master, Barbara Hershey as the Kitchen Maid, Edward James Olmos as the Prime Minister, and Shelley Duvall as the Nightingale and Narrator.
Allusion.
A mechanical nightingale is featured in "" and is used to replace a real nightingale for a princess.
In 2007, the National Bank of Denmark issued a 10 DKK commemorative coin of "The Nightingale".
The story is briefly alluded to in the anime "The Big O". In the episode, "Dorothy, Dorothy", the character of R. Dorothy Wainwright is revealed be an android, built for a wealthy businessman, Timothy Wainwright, to replace his daughter who had died years ago. Her builder even refers to her as "nightingale."

</doc>
<doc id="2876444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876444" title="Spatial variability">
Spatial variability

Spatial variability occurs when a quantity that is measured at different spatial locations exhibits values that differ across the locations. Spatial variability can be assessed using spatial descriptive statistics such as the range.

</doc>
<doc id="2876448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876448" title="Irura">
Irura

Irura is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876451" title="Itsasondo">
Itsasondo

Itsasondo is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876457" title="Larraul">
Larraul

Larraul is a town and municipality located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876461" title="Lasarte-Oria">
Lasarte-Oria

Lasarte-Oria is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876462" title="Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the top handball league in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The league is composed of 12 teams. The champion is seeded into the Champions League. Second team is seeded into EHF Cup, while third and fourth teams go to Challenge Cup. The winner of the league cup is seeded into the Cup Winner's Cup.
The league is operated by the Handball Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Premier handball league for men.
Champions by year.
United Premier league exists from 2002. Till that year, in Bosnia there were three separated federations and championships. EHF recognized only that of official Handball Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina based in Sarajevo.
In years 1998 and 1999 playoffs were held, with teams competing from Federation based in Sarajevo, and Handball Federation of Herzeg-Bosnia. In 2000 clubs from Republika Srpska and their Federation participated, and for the first time after Bosnian War, clubs from all of Bosnia and Herzegovina were competing with each other. Sadly, next year, in 2001 clubs from Republika Srpska refused to play, and therefore playoffs were not played. Only in 2002 was this drama of Bosnian handball ended. In 2002 united Premier league of Bosnia and Herzegovina started, which was a turning point for better quality of teams in years to come.
Regional championships.
"Note: Till united league, only Handball Federation of B&H was officially recognized by European Handball Federation, and also International Handball Federation. Bolded teams are declared as official winners of Premier league of Bosnia and Herzegovina."
Premier league.
Champions of united Premier league of Bosnia and Herzegovina which started from 2002.
Premier handball league for women.
Note: Interinvest Mostar merged with Zrinjski

</doc>
<doc id="2876467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876467" title="Miss Asia Pageant">
Miss Asia Pageant

ATV Miss Asia Pageant (; jyutping: aa3 zau1 siu2 ze2 ging3 syun2), formerly Miss Asia Pageant (亞洲小姐競選), is an annual Hong Kong-based beauty pageant organized and broadcast by Asia Television Limited (ATV). Originating in 1985 as a local Hong Kong pageant, the contest went on hiatus from the 2000 through 2003, and was re-branded as an Asian pageant in 2004, with contestants spanning the continent of Asia.
Pageant structure.
Beginnings as local pageant.
With the success of the "Miss Hong Kong Pageant" by rival Hong Kong television station Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB), ATV started organizing "Miss Asia Pageant" in 1985, searching out Hong Kong's representative for "Miss Asia Pacific International" (then known as the "Miss Asia Pacific Quest"). The pageant name was a bit of a misnomer back then as "Miss Asia Pageant" was actually named to match the name of organizer Asia Television Limited, and it was solely intended for local Hong Kong residents to enter.
In 1995, the pageant made history by removing age restrictions for delegates. That year, Aicardi Jiang (宮雪花), at 47 years-old became the oldest delegate of Miss Asia, placing fifth in the pageant. On the other end of the spectrum, On-Yuen To (陶安仁), was the youngest delegate at 15 years-old. 
In 2000, due to poor ratings and lack of sponsors, ATV announced that the pageant would go on hiatus until further notice.
Post-hiatus.
In 2004, ATV rebooted the pageant and re-branded it as an event for not just Hong Kong, but also for the rest of Asia as contestants from other parts of Asia now participate, finally living up to its namesake as an Asia-wide pageant. However, the pageant is still very Chinese focused, with multiple representatives from Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland China, compared to one contestant from each of the rest of the countries. 
As of 2011, Miss Asia Chinese Regional Competitions selects Chinese delegates in several regions: Hong Kong, Macau, Mainland China, Taiwan, Canada, and USA. Then, the top performers of these competitions come together for the "ATV Miss Asia Pageant Greater China Finals", which also acts as the semi-finals of the "ATV Miss Asia Pageant", selecting around 10 finalists (12 finalists are selected in 2013). These delegates are then joined by national pageant winners from other Asian countries to compete the crown of ATV Miss Asia at the Finals. 
Also in 2011, the pageant name has been modified to "ATV Miss Asia Pageant (ATV亞洲小姐競選)", adding the organizer's name to the title, to distinguish it from other Asia-wide beauty pageants.
Whereas the pageant mirrored "Miss Hong Kong Pageant" pre-hiatus, it now more closely resembles the "Miss Chinese International Pageant", which is also organized by rival television station, TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="2876470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876470" title="Lazkao">
Lazkao

Lazkao () is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Autonomous Community in Northern Spain.
Location.
Lazkao is located in the Southern Basque Country, in the province of Gipuzkoa, Spain. Lazkao lies in a lush valley. To its north are Beasain and Ordizia; to the south are Idiazabal and Ataun; to the east Zaldibia and to the west Olaberria.
Distances to important places
Town Council.
The municipal police force in Lazkao (in Basque "Udaltzaingoa"), has four policemen, two police cars and a motorbike.
The police station is located in the ground floor of the town hall of Lazkao. The municipal police of Lazkao carries out these duties: Traffic, notifications, works control, organization of the town market, lost objects, etc.
History.
Many Basque historians think that Lazkao was founded in 1053.
1936-1939.
Two men were shot in Lazkao during the Spanish Civil War.
ETA.
In 2005, a Benedictine monk of the town was arrested by the Spanish National Police and by the Guardia Civil. They thought that the monk had connections with the Basque separatist group E.T.A..
In 2006, ETA explodes a bomb in the company Azkar, because Azkar did not pay the revolutionary tax to the group.
Religion.
2007 was the Second anniversary of bicentenary of the arrival of the Benedictine monks to the town. Celebrated by the Deputy-General of Gipuzkoa and by Juan Jose Ibarretxe, the "Lehendakari" (Basque Prime Minister) of the Basque Autonomous Community.
Festivals.
Every first Sunday in January. On this day, the Flight to Egypt is performed throughout the street of the town.
This Biblical passage was first performed in Lazkao the 17th century. Nowadays, the Nuns of the Covent of Lazkao continue to sell the traditional wafers for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="2876475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876475" title="Leaburu">
Leaburu

Leaburu is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876478" title="Twinings">
Twinings

Twinings is an English marketer of tea, based in Andover, Hampshire. The brand is owned by Associated British Foods. It holds the world's oldest continually-used company logo, and is London's longest-standing rate-payer, having occupied the same premises on the Strand since 1706.
History.
The founder of Twinings was Thomas Twining. He opened Britain's first known tea room at No. 216 Strand, London, in 1706; it still operates today. The firm's logo, created in 1787, is the world's oldest in continuous use.
Holder of a royal warrant, Twinings has been owned by Associated British Foods since 1964. It sells a variety of regional and flavoured teas such as Lapsang Souchong, Lady Grey, and Darjeeling, as well as infusions, coffee, and hot chocolate. The company are associated with Earl Grey tea, a tea infused with bergamot, though it is unclear when this association began, and how important the company's involvement with the tea has been; Jacksons of Piccadilly, originally a rival of Twinings, but bought up by Twinings in the 1960s, also have associations with the blend. 
In 2005, Twinings introduced its first generic, non-speciality tea, under the brand "Everyday Tea". In 2006, it started producing a tinned chocolate drink. In 2007, it also launched a selection of tinned coffees onto the market.
Twinings owns Nambarrie, a tea company based in Belfast and in trade for over 140 years. In April 2008, Twinings announced their decision to close the Nambarrie plant. Twinings said it needed to consolidate its UK manufacturing operations in the face of increasing global competition, and moved some production to China and Poland in late 2011; however, the vast majority of UK consumed tea is still produced in their factory in Andover, Hampshire.
The company launched a television advertisement in late 2011 which featured an animation of a woman struggling to row a boat in a storm, with the background song "Wherever You Will Go" by Londoner Charlene Soraia. The song reached No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart. Twinings said the advert aimed to metaphorically explain "the hectic lives that women today lead, and how taking just 10 minutes out each day to reconnect with yourself can have such an impact on the rest of your day."
Ethics.
The company is a founding member of the Ethical Tea Partnership, a not-for-profit membership organisation of tea-packing companies that works to monitor and improve ethical conditions on tea estates in all major tea growing regions. However, the organisation has been criticised for its "focus on the large-scale producer". Twinings has also an Ethical Code of Conduct and works with all its packaging and raw material suppliers to ensure decent working conditions in the supply chain.
Despite this, Twinings is linked to a number of ethical and environmental issues. The criticism includes the worst ECRA rating for environmental reporting and palm oil use. In the Ethical Consumer magazine on a scale of 0 to 20 where 0–4 is ranked as "very poor", Twinings receives a score of 2 .
The company also aim to improve conditions in tea communities, in 2011, Twinings made a three-year financial commitment to support a UNICEF initiative aimed at addressing the inter-generational cycle of under-nutrition among girls and young women of the tea community. The initiative is being implemented in 15 gardens in Dibrugarh, Assam, in partnership with the Assam Branch of the India Tea Association (ABITA). The project aims to significantly reduce the prevalence of anaemia in adolescent girls and women by addressing the underlying causes of their poor nutrition, complemented by improved life skills education. The initiative aims to directly improve the nutrition and life skills of over 8,000 adolescent girls in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2876495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876495" title="2005–06 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Portugal">
2005–06 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Portugal

The 2005–06 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Portugal was an A1 Grand Prix race, held on the weekend of October 23, 2005 at the Autódromo do Estoril circuit. 
__FORCETOC__
Report.
Practice.
Friday was affected by inclement weather, which saw the morning test sessions and practice held in wet conditions due to rain. Local star Álvaro Parente set the quickest time in the first test session, one of two additional timed 40 minute runs that allowed teams to obtain the best set ups on their cars. Parente set a time of 1'54.918, but this was soon eclipsed by series leaders Brazil as Nelson Piquet Jr set a 1'51.916 during the second test.
The track was still slightly damp for the first practice session, but A1 Team France, who won both races in the previous round continued their impressive form with Alexandre Premat setting the fastest time - a 1'33.024. Adrian Sutil, driving for A1 Team Germany came in second in his debut outing, setting a 1'33.700 after 17 laps. Czech driver Tomáš Enge was a mere 0.034 seconds behind, while Australia's Will Davison made a successful return to the car to set the fourth fastest time. The top 5 was rounded out by Brazil, Piquet completing 18 laps on his way to 1'34.085.
The rain returned prior to the commencement of the second practice session, and it was delayed by 25 minutes to allow areas of standing water on the circuit to clear. This ensured that times were considerably slower than in the previous session, but Premat was still able to come out on top, setting a 1'52.037 after just 5 laps to finish over 1.5 seconds ahead of second-placed Piquet. Portugal continued to perform well at home to set the third fastest time, followed by Switzerland and USA. Australia decided not to compete in the session due to their concerns about the track conditions.
Saturday's session saw Czech Republic take top honours, with Brazil still close behind. Great Britain's Robbie Kerr and The Netherlands' Jos Verstappen set the third and fourth fastest times, followed by Germany in 5th. France completed just 8 laps in the session and set the slowest time of the morning, over 17 seconds behind the best.
Qualifying.
A1 Team Brazil took its second A1GP pole position in qualifying, despite driver Piquet spinning out in the first of the four timed sessions. He went on to set times of 1'30.755 and 1'30.561 in his second and fourth runs to secure first position on the grid for the sprint race. Brazil's aggregate time was over half a second quicker than that of Switzerland, who were able to set the second-quickest lap of the session on their fourth run. Enge's aggregate time of 3'01.830 put the Swiss team second on the grid, their best qualifying result so far in the series. France confirmed their position as one of the top teams by taking third spot, followed by the Czech Republic and The Netherlands.
Portugal did not disappoint the home crowd, following on from their impressive times in the weekend's practice sessions to line up 6th, ahead of Canada, Malaysia, Indonesia and Great Britain. Germany were unable to carry their surprisingly quick times from practice to qualifying and will line up 11th. The same occurred for Australia, where Davison will line up from 19th place. Lebanon's Basil Shaaban and India's Armaan Ebrahim will take their places at the very back of the field in 23rd and 24th positions respectively.
Sprint race.
The Sprint Race took place on Sunday, October 23, 2005.
All cars got away cleanly for the parade lap and formed up well for the rolling start, but running very slowly behind the safety car. At the start, Piquet was followed closely by Premat of Team France and Verstappen of Team Netherlands. Piquet chose to brake fairly early into turn 1 and was watching Neel Jani of Team Switzerland on his outside, while allowing the French car to beat him to the apex with the cars running 3-abreast around the bend. Team Great Britain was pushed off the outside of the bend, but was able to rejoin the track in 13th place.
Australia, Mexico, China & Pakistan all retired following a shunt at turn 2 on the first lap.
At this stage in the race, France was in the lead, followed by Brazil, Switzerland, The Netherlands, Czech Republic, Portugal (who passed Canada down the pit straight at the end of lap 1), Canada, Indonesia, Malaysia, South Africa, Italy, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, USA, New Zealand, Russia, Lebanon, India and Austria. Great Britain was clearly faster than Germany but couldn’t find a way past.
On lap 6, Ralph Firman of Team Ireland got too close to the British car around one of the slow right-hand corners and touched his front wing against its rear-right tyre, puncturing the tyre and destroying the left-hand side of the front wing. The British car went straight off at the next bend and retired from the race while Firman had to pit for a new nose and rejoined the race a lap down. At this stage, the top 3 cars had pulled away from the rest of the field by over 3.5 seconds.
With Great Britain and Ireland out of the way, it was the turn of Scott Speed of Team USA to try to find a way past the slower, German car ahead of him.
By lap 13, Malaysia had passed Indonesia for 8th place after a close battle and Austria had got ahead of India for 17th. In the French car, Alexandre Premat was using his PowerBoosts to try to get the fastest lap and the extra point that goes with it.
On lap 15 Austria and India both passed Lebanon for 16th & 17th places respectively and one lap later Scott Speed managed to get in front of Germany at turn 2, but ran wide at the following corner and lost the place again.
Main race.
The Main Race took place on Sunday, October 23, 2005.
Armaan Ebrahim stalled the Team India car pulling away for the parade lap and the car was pushed back to the pits to be restarted there. One of the Team India engineers came onto the track, but the marshalls quite correctly would not allow him to work on the car until it was in the pit lane.
As the field formed up, Nelson Piquet Jr. had pointed his car directly towards Alexandre Premat and Lebanon were in the wrong grid box, -1 place. Brazil, The Netherlands and Russia all stalled on the grid. France made it into Turn 1 ahead of Portugal, who had made a great start from 6th on the grid. These two were followed by Tomáš Enge of Czech Republic who got ahead of Neel Jani into third place. Jani was running 4th, followed by Indonesia who had managed to move up from 9th to 5th and Italy who had moved up from 6th. Unfortunately, Italy managed this by jumping the start and was penalised for this later in the race. Canada ran wide at turn 1 and dropped two places to 7th. Then came Malaysia, South Africa and Germany. Those two cars had bumped during the run down the pit straight, but both survived.
The safety car was deployed at the end of lap 1, but I don’t know why. All I can assume is that the race officials thought that the 3 stalled cars might not have been moved to the pits by the end of the first lap, so did it as a precaution. The three cars were cleared off the track very quickly and there was no danger, so the safety car returned to the pits at the end of lap 2. While it was on track a number of teams chose to make their compulsory pit stop:- Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, South Africa, Germany, Great Britain, China, Mexico, Pakistan and India. South Africa emerged first following an excellent stop, followed by Germany, Indonesia, Great Britain, Mexico, India, Pakistan and China. Malaysia and New Zealand ran into problems during their stops and took much longer to get back on track.
On lap 3, the race order was France, Portugal, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Italy, Canada, Ireland, USA, Austria, Australia, Lebanon, The Netherlands, South Africa, Germany, Indonesia, Great Britain and Mexico in 17th place. At the end of lap 4, Brazil pitted with no problems and on lap 6 Robbie Kerr managed to overtake Mikola while Neel Jani & Scott Speed both pitted cleanly. On lap 7 Italy was given a drive-through penalty for a jump start. Canada chose to pit at the same time, but problems with the front right wheel caused a delay. When McIntosh emerged from the pits it was behind Salvador Durán. The Canadian tried to get past, but outbaraked himself, bumping the Team Mexico car and causing it to spin off.
By the end of lap 10 the complete race order was France, Portugal, Czech Republic, Ireland, Australia, Austria, The Netherlands, Lebanon, Italy, Switzerland *, USA *, Germany *, South Africa *, Great Britain *, Indonesia *, Canada*, India *, China*, Pakistan *, Mexico *, Brazil *, New Zealand *, Russia * & Malaysia *. Teams marked with an asterisk (*) had completed their mandatory pit stop.
On lap 11, Indonesia attempted an ambitious overtaking maneuver, trying to pass Great Britain and South Africa into turn 1. Mikola did get to the apex before the other but could not keep his car on the track and ran wide at the exit of the turn, spinning off. This happened right in front of Tomas Scheckter and Robbie Kerr capitalised on the confusion, passing the South African car into turn 2. After attempting unsuccessfully to recover the car under yellow flags, the safety car was deployed a lap later. 
Around this time, last-placed Malaysia was holding up a number of faster cars on track by not yielding when they came to lap him. The lack of blue flags in A1GP allows this to happen. Just before the safety car was deployed, Portugal pitted. While the wheels were changed quickly and without problems, Álvaro Parente stalled the car as he pulled way and when he reached the end of the pit lane and was trying to rejoin the race, he had to steer between two sets of marshalls recovering Mikola’s car.
When the safety car was deployed, the remaining teams chose to make their pit stops:- France, Czech Republic, Ireland, Australia, The Netherlands, Italy and Lebanon. France made a particularly fast stop but Tomáš Enge stalled the Team Czech Republic car. While running under the safety car, the Team South Africa car retired with a mechanical problem.
After the pit stops had been completed, the race order was France, Switzerland, USA, Ireland, Germany, Czech Republic, The Netherlands, Australia, Great Britain, Canada, Austria, Italy, Lebanon, India, China, Portugal, Pakistan, Brazil, New Zealand, Russia and Malaysia. When the safety car returned to the pits the racing was very close. Portugal and India made up several places as racing resumed. Jos Verstappen also made up several places, passing Ireland (who had fallen back), but carried too much speed into the corner and launched over the back wheels of the German car, taking both of them out of the race and bringing the safety car out again less than a lap after it went in!
The safety car returned to the pits at the end of lap 18. At the restart, Ireland and the Czech Republic both passed USA and Austria dropped from 7th to 10th place. Canada retired, Pakistan overtook India and New Zealand got ahead of Russia.
On lap 23 the British car developed a gearshift problem which caused Robbie Kerr to lose a number of places. A lap later Portugal managed to pass Italy into turn 1. Shortly afterwards, officials gave a drive-through penalty to the Czech Republic for speeding in the pit lane. This would cost Tomáš Enge five places as he rejoined 10th. Brazil had just managed to overtake Lebanon for 10th place and was immediately promoted to 9th as a result of the Czech penalty.
Portugal continued to move through the field, passing Australia for 5th place on lap 30. China span off two laps later and Australia was forced to defend 6th place against a very insistent Toccacelo.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification took place on Saturday, October 22, 2005.
Sprint Race Results.
The Sprint Race took place on Sunday, October 23, 2005.
Main Race Results.
The Main Race took place on Sunday, October 23, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2876498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876498" title="S.S.D. Pro Sesto Calcio">
S.S.D. Pro Sesto Calcio

Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Pro Sesto Calcio (formerly "Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Nuova Pro Sesto" and initially "Associazione Calcio Pro Sesto") is an Italian association football club, based in Sesto San Giovanni, Lombardy. Pro Sesto currently plays in Serie D, having last been in Serie B in 1950.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 1913 as Associazione Calcio Pro Sesto. 
In the summer 2010 after the relegation from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione the former club went bankrupt.
The refoundation.
The club was refounded in 2010 as Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Nuova Pro Sesto coming immediately promoted from Promozione Lombardy/C to Eccellenza Lombardy.
In the summer 2011 it has changed its denomination in the current. In this season it was promoted from Eccellenza Lombardy/A to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="2876500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876500" title="Leintz Gatzaga">
Leintz Gatzaga

Leintz Gatzaga (Spanish, "Salinas de Léniz") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Etymology.
The first part of the name, Leintz, comes from the name of the valley, the village being located in the Valley of Leintz.
The second part is linked to the saltmine ("gatzaga" in Basque) located in the village, part of the reason for the village's existence. Salt is no longer produced but used to be a mainstay of the village's economy.
Geography.
Leintz-Gatzaga covers 14.7 km² and is located in the province of Gipuzkoa, very close to Araba/Álava. It is situated in a mountainous area with steep hillsides, wooded and with almost no flat agricultural land. It is in the region of Alto Deva where the source of the river Deba is located.
Leintz-Gatzaga has a small old part that consisting of 4 streets, formerly walled. Most of the residents live in this part, the rest spread over some 35 Basque farmhousess around the village.
History.
The history of this village is linked to two factors, the saltmines and the road.
Salt mining.
Salt mines were operated there since the Middle Ages and these are the principal reason for the foundation of the village in 1331. Before the village was formed, there were some farmhouses and small towns that were protected by the Castle of Aitzorrotz. Although the salt mines were owned by the royalty, the residents of the village had some privileges to develop trade and the exploitation of salt.
The salt mines were of major economic importance and led to some disputes. For example, in 1374 the Count of Oñati appropriated the village and Leintz Gatzaga has been burnt down several times, in 1334, 1371, 1492 and 1498. Following the last burning, it was ordered that the old part must be built of stone.
Whereas in most places the vaporization system was used in salt mining, in Leintz Gatzaga, due to its cold and wet climate, salt miners would use fire to evaporate the water. The machinery used changed throughout the centuries. Until the 19th century the work was done without machinery, but when a company called "Productos Leniz" bought the salt mine, new machinery was introduced in 1920 and production increased. However, the quality of the salt was not as high as that of sea salt and after 1500 years, in 1972, the salt mine was closed.
In the 17th century the Royal Road was built. This road joins the coast of Gipuzkoa with the interior. So this village became part of the route that joined Castilla with Europa. For this reason, the economy of the village grew but this prosperity was affected by wars, such as the War of Spanish Independence, the War of the Pyrenees or the Carlist Wars.
The decline of the village began in the middle of the 19th century. On the one hand, the opening of a new road between Idiazabal and Altsasu in 1851 reduced the importance of the Royal Road. And on the other hand was the construction of the rail line between Madrid and Irun. These two facts marginalized the village and reduced its importance gradually. Apart from that, the salt mines also grew less profitable and were closed. These factors combined plunged the village into a serious economic and demographic downturn.
Economy.
There is little economic activity in the village. Of the 125 people in employment, only 50 work locally. Most work in the industrial sector. Currently, the village is promoting tourism.
Demography.
Today the population is 250 and while the village had never been very large in 1950 the population shrank because Leintz Gatzaga was the only village of the region which did not take part in industrialization. The population is ageing although immigration has altered the demographics somewhat.
Culture.
There is a Salt Museum, detailing how it was extracted and the importance of this in the local economy.

</doc>
<doc id="2876504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876504" title="What Now">
What Now

What Now is a long-running New Zealand children's television program that premiered in 1981. It is filmed before a live studio audience at Whitebait Productions in Christchurch.
The show airs every Sunday at 8am on TV2 and has such as Game Zone Arena, Super Circuit and Target Ya Teacher. It has no adverts, due to the Broadcasting Act 1989 which states that no advertising can be shown on New Zealand television between 6am and noon on Sundays.
History.
"What Now?" was created by Rex Simpson before he left to head up his own production company, Kids TV. It originally screened on Saturday mornings on TV ONE between 7:30 and 10 am. Hosted by Steve Parr, he introduced segments covering morning keep-fit exercises, sketches involving recurring characters such as complaining old man Clive Grumble, simple recipes by Alison Holst, trivia from Frank Flash, law and safety with Constable Keith and Sniff, interspersed with regular cartoons. The theme song was "Get Out of Your Lazy Bed", by Matt Bianco.
When Steve Parr left the show after a couple of years, the format changed to live broadcast. The hosts increased in number, usually to three, beginning with Danny Watson (from Spot On) and Michelle Bracey added, and Frank Flash (Alasdair Kincaid) given a more central comedic manic role. When Michelle left the show, she was succeeded by Michele A'Court. Comedy sketches, interactive phone calls and competitions with the viewing audience, plus magazine-style segments going out and about, all became a more central part of the format.
The style remained this way for many years, as hosts evolved and were replaced, until today where the format now involves live audiences of crowds of children, but still is closely faithful with the core concept established early on.
In 1989 the show moved to TV2 and then in 1996 to Sunday mornings. An after school version of "What Now" What Now PM also ran on TV 2 during the week between 1997 and 2002.
The weekdays version of What Now? became its own separate show known as WNTV. First hosted by Carolyn Taylor and a face in a computer screen played by Mikey Carpinter. Later the show changed dramatically but kept the same WNTV name. It became a drama showing behind the scenes of a children's afternoon magazine show. This was hosted by Antonia Prebble and Tom Herne, and featured several other characters. Anna Allbury and Jo Tuapawa featured as reporters.
The What Now show was moved to TVNZ's Avalon studios in Lower Hutt in 1999 until TVNZ shut down its Children's Department at the end of 2003. What Now the show was then brought back to Christchurch in 2004 to be produced by an independent company Whitebait Productions, headed by Janine Morrell-Gunn and Jason Gunn. "What Now?" has been funded by NZ On Air since NZOA's inception in 1989; prior to that it was funded by TVNZ.
In 2004 the afternoon show WNTV was cancelled and replaced with the current children's afternoon TV show Studio 2 produced by Ian Taylor (Taylormade Media Ltd).
Various programme partnerships over the years have seen "What Now?" promoting ‘healthy eating healthy action', water safety and old-fashioned letter writing amongst many other things. What Now? has a long-standing association with the Weetbix Kiwi Kids Tryathlon, and with Sport and Recreation New Zealand whose ‘Push Play' message encourages children to be physically active.
Early "What Now?" presenters were also credited as writers. They were people like Michelle A'Court, Danny Watson, Al Kincaid, Michelle Bracey, Simon Barnett and Catherine McPherson, some of whom have gone on to roles as directors and writers. A more recent presenter who made a significant behind-the-scenes contribution was Anthony Samuels, who also trained as a director.
Off-screen personnel who have shaped "What Now?" over the years are many. They include camera operator and director Alan Henderson (also secretly rumoured to be the brains behind Jason Gunn's sidekick Thingee), Directors Keith Tyler-Smith, Bill de Friez, Peter Verstappen, Mike Rehu, Brian Wickstead, Mark Owers, Mike Ritchie, Jason Gunn and Richard Hansen. Producers include Richard Driver, Mike Rehu, Tony Palmer, Anne Williams, Reuben Davidson, and Janine Morrell-Gunn. Emma Gribble got her start opening the mail for the fan club and 10 years later became producer of the show.
Regular segments: past and current.
Talent Shows.
What Now has hosted a number of Talent segments; "The Nowies', "Kids Got Talent" and "The One" They search for kids aged 5–14 around New Zealand to show off their talent. 
The most recent talent segment is "The One". There are 6 sections for each talent segment.
Prizes range from having a chance to record music to cash prizes.
Cartoons and other tv shows.
Throughout the early years of What Now many cartoons and other short television shows were broadcast during What Now almost always without showing the opening or closing credits and occasionally out of order leading to lack of story continuity.
Gunge.
Throughout the years What Now? has maintained the use of gunge and slime. Children, celebrities, parents and sometimes the presenters are often the subject of embarrassment in various gunge games. Examples include Fill Ya Pants, Foam a Friend, Flushed Away, Gunge on the Run, Gunge on the Road, Weekly Gunge Games, The Gunge Machine, Tank of Terror, Super Circuit, Brain Freeze, and general gunging.

</doc>
<doc id="2876507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876507" title="Bouchard">
Bouchard

Bouchard, a Norman name with German elements means "fort" (bourgh) and "brave," "strong" (heard). It is also a French nickname for someone with a big mouth, "bouche" being French for mouth according to Ancestry.com. Bouchard is the name of several people.
Bouchard could also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876510" title="Adrian Jackson (musician)">
Adrian Jackson (musician)

Adrian Jackson (born 12 June 1970) is My Dying Bride's former bassist. He was a member of the band from 1991 until January 2007 when he moved to the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="2876511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876511" title="Anneila Sargent">
Anneila Sargent

Anneila Sargent (born Anneila Cassells, 1942, Kirkcaldy) is a Scottish–American astronomer, who specializes in star formation.
Biography.
Sargent was brought up in Burntisland, Fife, and schooled at Burntisland Primary School and Kirkcaldy High School. She completed a BSc Honours degree in Physics at the University of Edinburgh in 1963, and then immigrated to the United States, first studying at the University of California, Berkeley, and then from 1967 the California Institute of Technology, where she was awarded her Ph.D. She is currently the Ira S. Bowen Professor of Astronomy at Caltech and has served as director of the Owens Valley Radio Observatory and Combined Array for Research in Millimeter-wave Astronomy. She served as president of the American Astronomical Society from 2000 to 2002, continuing to serve on the council since. Sargent became the Vice President for Student Affairs at Caltech on December 1, 2007.
Sargent was nominated in 2011 by President Obama to serve a six-year term on the National Science Board. She has served on committees such as the NRC's Committee for Astronomy and Astrophysics, NSF's Mathematical and Physical Sciences Advisory Committee, and in 1995/6 chaired the Visiting Committee to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory. She has been Chair of NASA's Space Science Advisory Committee since 1994. She is also Director of the Combined Array for Research in Millimeterwave Astronomy (CARMA).
Sargent won both the NASA Public Service Medal and the Caltech Woman of the Year Award in 1998. Asteroid 18244 Anneila is named in her honor. The University of Edinburgh named her Alumnus of the Year in 2002 and conferred an honorary degree of Doctor of Science on her in 2008.
Her husband was fellow astronomer Wallace L. W. Sargent.

</doc>
<doc id="2876514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876514" title="Athina Livanos">
Athina Livanos

Athina Mary Livanos Onassis Spencer-Churchill Niarchos (; 19 March 1929 – 10 October 1974) was the second daughter of the Greek shipping magnate Stavros Livanos and Arietta Zafirakis. She was best known as the first wife of Aristotle Onassis, but she later married her older sister Eugenia's widower, Stavros Niarchos. She was older sister to her parents' only son, George Stavros Livanos.
Marriages and family.
Known as Tina, she was married three times. Her husbands were:
After her divorce from Aristotle Onassis, Livanos dropped her married name and used her maiden name, until her marriage to the Marquess of Blandford.
Tina Niarchos died of a drug overdose in Paris, where she was living with third husband Stavros Niarchos. During this marriage, she suffered the loss of her 24-year-old son Alexander in a plane crash. Her only living descendant is her namesake granddaughter, Athina Onassis de Miranda. Livanos's daughter, Christina, sued her mother's widower for her mother's estimated US$250 million (in 1974 dollars) estate claiming the marriage should be annulled under Greek law. Christina later dropped the lawsuit and Niarchos returned all of the money as well as Livanos's jewellery, artwork and other personal effects.

</doc>
<doc id="2876517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876517" title="Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy">
Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy

Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy (1973) is Return to Forever's third studio album.
This was the group's first album with a rock influenced sound and without any vocals. Former members Flora Purim, Joe Farrell and Airto Moreira were replaced by drummer Lenny White and guitarist Bill Connors.
The album was originally recorded with drummer Steve Gadd but when Gadd did not want to tour with the band, a new version was recorded with Lenny White. The version featuring Gadd was never released and the whole recording is said to be lost.
The music draws upon elements from various genres, including Latin jazz, funk, psychedelic rock, and avant-garde jazz.
Corea relies mostly on electric pianos and organs, not yet playing the Minimoog. Also, Clarke has not developed his famous electric bass sound yet and plays his one solo on the album through a fuzzbox. Bill Connors does not have the same reputation for technical wizardry as his successor Al Di Meola, but his heavily distorted guitar sound and fiery licks have received positive comments from reviewers.
The review of the album on Allmusic notes that "it is the quality of the compositions that marks "Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy" as an indispensable disc of '70s fusion". Clarke contributed one song for the album and Corea wrote the rest of the material. The first track, the title track, is Corea's short space rock anthem that sets the mood for the rest of the album. The second track, "After the Cosmic Rain", is Clarke's sole composition on the album, and it features a long bass solo played through a fuzzbox followed by Corea's fiery electric piano solo. "Captain Señor Mouse" is a piece that has a fast, airy theme that suddenly turns into another theme that sounds like Latin music. This composition shows a humorous side of Corea, who has claimed that the song was written about a mouse that he saw in a house while visiting Switzerland. Long solos following themes are played by Corea and Connors. Al Di Meola recorded his own version of this song for his album "Casino" (1978). Side 2 of the original vinyl version starts with "Theme to the Mothership", which is another space-rock anthem. After a melodically strong theme, Connors plays a solo over one long repeating riff. Corea switches distortion on during his own solo. "Space Circus" features Corea's "Children Song" as a spooky intro that is followed by a piece that is based on a funk riff. This time Corea leaves solo space solely for Connors. Lenny White has also some extensive drum breaks on the track. The last track, "Game Maker" has also a slow intro after which an avant-garde-like theme comes in. Corea and Connors play improvised solos in a call-and-response style.
After touring for a while following the album's release, Connors left the group for a solo career, stating that he wanted to concentrate on acoustic music. He was replaced by Al Di Meola.
Track listing.
All tracks by Chick Corea except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2876525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876525" title="Hinckley Rural District">
Hinckley Rural District

The rural district of Hinckley was set up in 1894, covering the rural area around Hinckley, Leicestershire, England. It was named for Hinckley, but did not include it. It was created by the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Hinckley Rural Sanitary District.
The district was split up in 1935, under the review caused by the Local Government Act 1929, with part going to Hinckley urban district, and most of the rest going to Blaby Rural District and Market Bosworth Rural District. Small parts went to Nuneaton and Atherstone Rural District. [http://www.visionofbritain.org.uk/relationships.jsp?u_id=10109220]

</doc>
<doc id="2876530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876530" title="Lizartza">
Lizartza

Lizartza is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876539" title="Mendaro">
Mendaro

Mendaro is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876544" title="Mutiloa">
Mutiloa

Mutiloa is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876546" title="Asset (intelligence)">
Asset (intelligence)

In intelligence, assets are persons within organizations or countries that are being spied upon who provide information for an outside spy. They are sometimes referred to as agents, and in law enforcement parlance, as confidential informants, or 'CI' for short.
There are different categories of assets, including people that:

</doc>
<doc id="2876548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876548" title="Mutriku">
Mutriku

Mutriku () is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country in northern Spain. The population was 4973 in 2008. It is the site of the world's first multi-turbine breakwater wave power station, opened July 8, 2011.
Etymology.
Two different spellings are used for the town. Motrico is the traditional way and was the official spelling from the 13th century until 1980. However, in the local standard Basque language, the term Mutriku is used, the Basque spelling becoming official in 1980 by council decision. Since 1989, Mutriku has been the only official name accepted by the BOE, and it is used in modern official documents and in the Spanish-language media across the Basque region.
The town name's etymology has attracted much heated discussion. It is uncertain whether it was created before or at the founding of the town in 1209, although it seems to predate royal foundation as the 13th-century town charter mentions "Motriko".
Location and access.
The small town lies in the northeastern corner of Gipuzkoa and lies on Biscay. It is perched on rocky cliffs by the sea, and low tide reveals many bathing places and fishing spots. The town's beaches are located on the mouths of Deba and Artibai rivers. The name of the dark sand beach at the Deba's mouth is Ondarbeltz (hence the name, literally 'black sand' in Basque), while the beach at the mouth of the Artibai river is light gold in color. At the center of the village and halfway between the two river mouths lies a natural bay with the harbour. From the harbor there is a view of the whole town, dotted with medieval-style buildings.
Urban geography.
Apart from the urban centre where the 85% of the population lives, the village contains 9 minor neighbourhoods as follows: Astigarribia, Artzain Erreka, Galdona, Ibiri, Laranga, Mijoa, Mizkia, Olabarrieta and Olatz.
Hydrography and terrain.
Hydrography.
The river Deva is the limit of the town to the east; some small rivulets flow from the village to it as the Olatzgoiko erreka, the Añoerreka, Jarrolatza erreka and Txokorrekua. On the western boundary lies the Artibai, although in this case the river from city limit is the Mijoaerreka race that leads Saturraran beach in the bay at the mouth of Artibay. The Saturraran forms a small basin that collects water from Olatz and surrounding mountains with rivers: Errekabeltz, Armentxako erreka, Ziñoaetxeberriko erreka, Artzainerreka, Aldaberreka, Bidekoaerreka, Ondaberroerreka and Kurpitako erreka. Between these two watersheds, Deba and the Saturraran, another small basin that forms a small river that runs down from Kalbario and the valley which sits the town center and surrounding areas, these are: Errekaundi, Idurreko erreka, Leizarreko erreka, Maldomin erreka, Xoxuarterreka and Lasaoko erreka.
Terrain.
The topography of Motrico is marked by Mt. Arno (608 m), which rises above the town. It is a mass of limestone covered with oak and native conifer Cantabrian forest. The terrain is very rugged, with steep slopes and narrow valleys extending down to the coastline, cliffs, and tidal region of Guipuzcoa.
Economy.
Mutriku's economy is tied to the sea. Fishing has historically been the main economic driver, providing the raw material for canning factories. The fishing sector has been greatly affected by the economic crisis; only a few inshore fishing boats remain. Agriculture in the rural districts is for subsistence and local consumption; surplus crops are sold in regional markets. Little livestock is present. Logging in rural areas focuses on insignis pine and other conifers.
Supplements to the fishing sector are still developing. The canning industry, historically the main town industry, has given way to all kinds of metal processing workshops that export regionally. Flat land at the Saturraran river mouth has provided development space. The main business of the municipality is currently a canning factory Yurrita e Hijos SA,; Metec Motric SA, which manufactures medical instruments, and the Katealegaia workshop for those with disabilities are other major employers
The service sector is heavily dependent on tourism. Mutriku has several campgrounds and many restaurants which also cater to those visiting the neighboring town of Deva. It has also become a popular location for vacation homes of those in larger cities.
History.
The Jentilechea II and Iruroin Langacho caves reveal prehistoric occupation in periods dating back to the Upper Paleolithic.
The town of Mutriku was founded in 1209 by the Castillian King Alfonso VIII, who granted the town charter and gave the right to build a wall to protect the city (there are still some visible remnants of the wall).
The medieval town developed rapidly. Important palaces and tower houses belonging to aristocratic families and the commercial and military classes were constructed. Unfortunately, in 1553 a fire destroyed much of the town. Only some stone houses were saved, while all wooden ones were lost.
At the end of the 19th century, Evaristo de Churruca designed new docks for the port. The passage of time revealed problems with the original designs, and in the middle of the 20th century the docks were modified by Ramon Iribarren Cavanilles to correct wave problems. However, in the late 20th century decline of the fishing sector gave rise to increased attention to another alternative, tourism. To solve port entry and stability problems with the dock and attract tourists interested in ocean access to the Bay of Biscay, a new seawall was designed and located outside the old harbor. The new wave-powered power plant is located in the newest seawall.
With the 21st century came another important works project, the building of a direct route to the harbor to ameliorate heavy traffic in the medieval old city center. The roads to Deva and Ondarroa were also improved.
Festivals.
At Mutriku the following festivals are held:
Personalities.
Most of the members of the Itoitz and Delirium tremens were from Mutriku.

</doc>
<doc id="2876552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876552" title="Edward Lee Howard">
Edward Lee Howard

Edward Lee Victor Howard (27 October 1951 – 12 July 2002) was a CIA case officer who defected to the Soviet Union.
Howard served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Bucaramanga, Colombia. There he met Mary Cedarleaf in 1973, and they were married three years later in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 1976, Howard earned a master’s degree in business administration from the American University in Washington, DC and joined USAID. In February 1977, the Howards left for two years in Lima, Peru, where he worked on loan projects. Although the CIA sometimes uses USAID as diplomatic cover, there is no evidence to suggest that Howard was anything but a loan officer. After Peru, the Howards returned to the United States, and he went to work in Chicago for a company doing environmental work. On March 19, 1983, the Howards had a son and named him Lee Howard.
CIA Career.
Howard was hired by the CIA in 1980 and was later joined by his wife, Mary, where they were both trained in intelligence and counter-intelligence methods. Shortly after the end of their training and before going on their first assignment, a routine polygraph test indicated that he had lied about past drug use, and he was fired by the CIA in 1983 shortly before he was to report to the CIA’s station at the American embassy in Moscow.
Disgruntled over the perceived unfairness of having been dismissed over accusations of drug use, petty theft and deception, he began to abuse alcohol. He then began making mysterious phone calls to some former colleagues, both in Washington and in Moscow. In February 1984 after a drunken brawl he was arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon. The charges were later reduced to aggravated assault.
At some point Howard apparently began providing classified information to the KGB, possibly contacting KGB officers in Austria in 1984 during a visit there.
In 1985, the CIA was being shaken by several security leaks that led to exposure of agents and assets. On August 1, 1985, after twenty-five years of service in the KGB, Vitaly Yurchenko walked into the US Embassy in Rome and defected to the United States. In the following interrogations by the CIA, he accused Howard and another agent, Ronald Pelton, of working for the KGB. In November of that year, Yurchenko himself re-defected back to the USSR. It has been suggested that Yurchenko was acting as a re-doubled agent, seeking to fool the CIA with wrong leads to protect one of the USSR’s then most important CIA traitors, Aldrich Ames.
Under Surveillance.
The FBI began watching the Howards in Santa Fe, New Mexico. A warrant was secured to tap the Howards’ phone. On September 20, 1985, Howard walked up to a member of a surveillance team and indicated that he was ready to talk but wanted to get a lawyer first, and a meeting was scheduled for the following week. The following night, however, Howard disappeared.
Escape to Helsinki.
As he and his wife Mary drove back from a dinner away from their home, Howard leapt from the car as Mary slowed to round a corner. He left a dummy made from stuffed clothes and an old wig stand in his seat to fool the pursuing agents, and fled to Albuquerque where he took a plane to New York. Once at home, Mary called a number she knew would reach an answering machine, and played a pre-recorded message from Edward to fool the wiretap and buy her husband more time. From New York Howard flew to Helsinki, and there he walked into the Soviet embassy.
Howard maintained his innocence until his death. He only fled, he said, because he could see the agency had chosen him to fill Yurchenko’s profile and wanted a scapegoat. Howard insisted he refused to divulge anything of real importance in exchange for his Soviet protection.
In 1995 Howard’s memoirs, called "Safe House", were published by National Press Books in which Howard indicated that he was prepared for a plea bargain with the U.S.
Death.
Howard died on July 12, 2002 at his Russian dacha, reportedly from a broken neck after a fall in his home.

</doc>
<doc id="2876554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876554" title="Flyte">
Flyte

Flyte is a 2006 children's novel by Angie Sage and the second book in the "Septimus Heap" series. The book's cover was modeled after the in-story book: "How to Survive Dragon Fostering: A Practykal Guide" with the Flyte Charm lying on top. "Flyte" was released in March 2006 through HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing.
Plot.
Septimus has become the apprentice to Marcia Overstrand, the ExtraOrdinary Wizard and a year has gone by. Septimus' older brother, Simon, had run away after an argument between him and Sarah/Silas Heap about Septimus, who Simon disliked. He comes back and kidnaps Jenna on his horse, Thunder. Septimus goes to search for her and he is assisted in his search by his brother Nicko, who helps build boats at Jannit Maarten's boatyard. But Jenna runs away from Simon's observatory in The Badlands and makes her way towards The Port. Eventually Septimus is able to rescue Jenna with his elder brother Nicko's help from the Port but they are tracked by Sleuth, Simon's tracking ball.
They make their way to the Marram Marshes where they take the Dragon-Boat from Aunt Zelda's cottage and fly her to the Castle. However, they are pursued by Simon, who used a Flyte Charm to fly in the sky. Simon drops a huge "Thunderflash" on the Dragon-Boat's wing and it drops over Jannit Marten's Boatyard. Septimus, Jenna and Aunt Zelda are able to revive her through the "Transubstantiation Triple" spell.
Septimus is also in search of the long lost "Flyte" charm. He finds the separated charm and unites it along with the small pair-of-wings "Flyte" charm that Marcia had given him as a token for his apprenticeship. Eventually he is able to fly and even warns Simon never to harm Jenna again. Also, the rock that Jenna gave him at Aunt Zelda's cottage turns out to be the egg of a dragon and eventually it hatches. Septimus absolutely adores the dragon and names him Spit Fyre. The dragon, based on the seeing-is-believing basis, identifies Marcia as his mother after yelling at him on the dragon launch pad.
Septimus rescues Marcia by identifying the shadow that has been trailing her. He also finds out that the ShadowSafe Marcia is developing contains, unbeknown to her, the bones of destroyed Necromancer DomDaniel, which, once reassembled, tried to kill Marcia. With Septimus's help, Marcia is able to "Identify" him and he is once again destroyed.
Reception.
Critical reception for the book was positive, with the School Library Journal giving positive reviews for the print book and its audio version. The Toronto Star gave a positive review for "Flyte", saying that it "soars past Magyk".

</doc>
<doc id="2876556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876556" title="Sam Carr">
Sam Carr

Sam Carr (July 7, 1906–1989) was an organizer for the Communist Party of Canada and, its successor, the Labor-Progressive Party in the 1930s and 1940s. He was born Schmil Kogan in Tomachpol, Ukraine in 1906 and immigrated to Canada in 1924, living in Winnipeg and Regina before settling in Montreal in 1925. Carr became an organizer for the Young Communist League with Fred Rose.
In 1931, Carr was arrested with other Communist Party leaders and detained in Kingston Penitentiary for 30 months for being an officer in the party, which had been initially declared illegal in 1931. Following his release from prison he was an organizer of the 1935 On to Ottawa Trek.
He was the editor of the Communist Party's newspaper, "The Clarion", before fleeing to the United States with other party leaders in 1940 when the party was again declared illegal. When the Soviet Union became an ally later in the war as a result of the German invasion of the USSR, those party leaders such as Carr and Tim Buck who had gone underground turned themselves into the authorities in 1942 and were released after ten days on the promise that they would refrain from communist activities. As a result, the Labor-Progressive Party was formed in 1943 as a legal front for the party - Carr became its national organizer.
In 1946, after a cypher clerk in the Soviet embassy in Ottawa, Igor Gouzenko, defected to Canada, a warrant was issued for Carr's arrest and he again fled to the United States. A Royal Commission on Espionage was called to investigate his activities. In 1949 he was found guilty of conspiracy to obtain a false passport, and was imprisoned for seven years after which he moved to Poland. Carr was one of the principal recruiters of spies for the USSR in Canada.
Upon his release from prison Carr was no longer a member of the party but became active in the left wing progressive organization, the United Jewish Peoples' Order (UJPO), until his death in 1989. He wrote for the UJPO magazine under the pen name George Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="2876557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876557" title="Oiartzun">
Oiartzun

Oiartzun is a town of the Basque Country located in the province of Gipuzkoa (Spain) lying at the foot of the massif Aiako Harria.
The name traces back to the Oiasso or Oiarso of the Roman period, an important town dedicated to mining and marine activities. However, it has been pinpointed actually in the current border town of Irun, so the name may have referred to the whole area. 
A river bearing the same name meanders through the meadows and neighbourhoods of this sparse municipality. That is actually one of its main features, it is scattered in different quarters across the valley. Elizalde lies on a prominence and it is the central nucleus of the town, with the main church San Esteban and town hall being located there. At the foot of Elizalde lies Altzibar by the Oiartzun River. Ugaldetxo developed into an urban built-up area surrounded by industrial estates near the AP-8 motorway, while the rest of the neighbourhoods have hung onto their rural and picturesque landscape to a large extent.
Alfonso VIII of Castile chartered it as town but it took some decades before its independence from Orereta was total.

</doc>
<doc id="2876561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876561" title="Compressor map">
Compressor map

Each compressor (or fan) in a gas turbine engine has an operating map. Complete maps are either based on compressor rig test results or are predicted by a special computer program. Alternatively the map of a similar compressor can be suitably scaled.
Compressor maps are important, since they are an integral part of predicting the performance of a gas turbine engine, both at design and off-design conditions. Fans and turbines also have operating maps, although the latter are significantly different in appearance to that of fans and compressors.
High pressure compressor map.
Flow axis.
The x-axis is usually some function of compressor entry mass flow, usually corrected flow or non-dimensional flow, as opposed to real flow. This axis can be considered a rough measure of the axial Mach number of the flow through the device.
Pressure ratio axis.
Normally the y-axis is pressure ratio (Pexit/Pinlet), where P is stagnation (or total head) pressure.
ΔT/T (or similar), where T is stagnation (or total head) temperature, is also used.
Surge line.
The slightly kinked diagonal line on the main (i.e. lower) part of the map is known as the surge (or stall) line. Above this line is a region of unstable flow, which is an area best avoided.
A compressor surge, typically, causes an abrupt reversal of the airflow through the unit, as the pumping action of the aerofoils stalls (akin to an aircraft wing stalling).
The reversal of air flow due to starvation of compressor as well as the wrong operation of the compressor .
Surge margin.
As the name suggests, surge margin provides a measure of how close an operating point is to surge. Unfortunately, there are a number of different definitions of surge margin. A popular one in use is defined as follows:
formula_1
where:
formula_2 is the mass flow at the operating point, be it steady state or transient
formula_3 is the mass flow at surge, at same corrected speed as formula_2
Speed lines.
The slightly curved, near vertical, lines on the main part of the map are the (constant rotational) corrected speed lines. They are a measure of rotor blade tip Mach number.
Note on the illustration that the speed lines are not distributed linearly with flow. This is because this particular compressor is fitted with variable stators, which open progressively as speed increases, causing an exaggerated increase in flow in the medium to high speed region. At low speed, the variable stators are locked, causing a more linear relationship between speed and flow.
Also note that beyond 100% flow, the speed lines close up rapidly, due to choking. Beyond choke, any further increase in speed will generate no further increase in airflow.
Efficiency axis.
A sub-plot shows the variation of isentropic (i.e. adiabatic) efficiency with flow, at constant speed. Some maps use polytropic efficiency.
Alternatively, for illustrative purposes, efficiency contours are sometimes cross-plotted onto the main map.
Note that the locus of peak efficiency exhibits a slight kink in its upward trend. This due to the choking-up of the compressor as speed increases, with the variable stators closed-off. The trend line resumes, once the variables start to move open.
Working line.
Also shown on the map, is a typical steady state working (or operating/running) line. This is a locus of the operating points of the engine, as it is throttled.
Being a high pressure ratio device, the working line is relatively shallow. If the unit had no variable geometry, there would be handling problems, because the surge line would be very steep and cross the working line at part-flow..
During a slam-acceleration from, say, a mid-throttle setting, the compressor working line will move rapidly towards surge and then slowly approach the steady state operating point, further up the map. The reverse effect occurs during a slam-deceleration. These effects are caused by the sluggish response of the spool (i.e. inertia effects) to rapid changes in engine fuel flow. Compressor surge is a particular problem during slam-accelerations and can be overcome by suitable adjustments to the fuelling schedule and/or use of blow-off (bleeding air off the compressor, for handling purposes).
In the particular example shown, a slam-accel from ground idle would cause an HP compressor surge. Opening the blow-off would help, but some changes to the variable stator schedule might also be required.
Because an HP compressor 'sees' the choked flow capacity of the HP turbine, the compressor working line is hardly affected by flight conditions. The slope of the working line approximates to a constant corrected outlet flow.
Fan map.
Owing to the nature of the constraints involved, the fan working lines of a mixed turbofan are somewhat steeper than those of the equivalent unmixed engine.
The fan map shown is for the bypass (i.e. outer) section of the unit. The corresponding inner section map typically has longer, flatter, speed lines.
Military turbofans tend to have a much higher design fan pressure ratio than civil engines. Consequently the final (mixed) nozzle is choked at all flight speeds, over most of the throttle range. However, at low throttle settings the nozzle will unchoke, causing the lower end of the working lines to have a short curved tail, particularly at low flight speeds.
However, ultra-high bypass ratio turbofans have a very low design fan pressure ratio (e.g. 1.2, on the bypass section). Consequently, even at cruise flight speeds, the cold (or mixed final) propelling nozzle is unchoked. The fan working lines become more spread-out with flight Mach number, because they move bodily up the map, towards the top right hand corner. As a result, the static working line can be well into surge.
One solution is to have a variable area cold (or mixed) nozzle. Increasing the nozzle area at low flight speeds brings the fan working line away from surge.
An alternative solution is to fit a variable pitch fan. Scheduling the pitch of the fan blades has no impact upon the position of the fan working lines, but can be used to move the surge line upwards, to improve fan surge margin.
IP compressor map.
Some turbofans have an Intermediate Pressure (IP) Compressor located between the fan and the HP compressor to increase overall pressure ratio. US civil engines tend to mount the IP compressor on the LP shaft, directly behind the fan, whereas Rolls-Royce normally mount the IP compressor on a separate (i.e. IP) shaft, which is driven by an IP turbine. Either way, matching problems can arise.
Basically the IP compressor outlet corrected flow must match the entry corrected flow of the HP compressor, which is decreasing as the engine is throttled back. Now, at a certain IP compressor working line slope, the IPC outlet corrected flow remains constant. However, by adopting a shallower working line, the extra IPC pressure ratio at a given IPC entry corrected flow enables the IPC outlet corrected flow to decrease and match up with the falling HP compressor entry corrected flow. Unfortunately this can lead to a poor IPC surge margin at part flow .
Surge margin can be improved by:
a) adding variable stators to the IP compressor
and/or
b) adding a blow-off valve between the IP and HP compressors.
The former basically makes the IPC surge line shallower, swinging it away from the shallow working line, thus improving IPC surge margin.
At a given IPC pressure ratio, opening the blow-off valve forces the IP compressor entry corrected flow to increase, to a point where the IPC surge margin tends to be better. Effectively, opening the blow-off valve lowers the IPC working line. Any flow surplus to that demanded by the HP compressor passes through the blow-off valve into the bypass duct. The blow-off valve is normally only opened at throttled conditions, since it wastes energy.

</doc>
<doc id="2876564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876564" title="The Punisher (1989 film)">
The Punisher (1989 film)

The Punisher is a 1989 American action film starring Dolph Lundgren and directed by Mark Goldblatt. It is based on the Marvel Comics' character of the same name. The film changes many details of the comic book origin and the main character does not wear the trademark "skull". "The Punisher" was filmed in Sydney, Australia and also co-starred Louis Gossett, Jr., Jeroen Krabbé, Kim Miyori, Nancy Everhard and Barry Otto.
Artisan Entertainment and Lionsgate attempted to reboot the comic book character twice with 2004's "The Punisher", and 2008's "".
Plot.
Frank Castle is the city's most wanted, and most mysterious, vigilante, known as "The Punisher". He has killed 125 people in the last 5 years. Castle is an ex-police officer, whose family was murdered in a mob hit. Living in the sewers and waging a one-man war against organized crime, his only friend is an old alcoholic named Shake, who speaks in rhyme for reasons unexplained. Now legally declared dead, Castle strikes back from beyond the grave, killing mobsters wherever he can find them. Due to his war against them, the Mafia families have weakened, forcing one of the family leaders, Gianni Franco, to come in and take control. Franco has a plan to bring the families together as one unit. This, however, has attracted the attention of the Yakuza, Asia's most powerful crime syndicate. Led by Lady Tanaka, the Yakuza decide to take over the Mafia families and all of their interests. In order to sway the mobsters to their cause, they kidnap their children and hold them for ransom.
Shake pleads with the Punisher to save the children, who are likely to be sold into childhood slavery regardless of whether the Mafia give into the demands. While he is able to save most of the children with a .45 Thompson M1928 submachine gun, the Mafia leader's son is taken away to the Yakuza headquarters. Furthermore, the Punisher is taken into custody by the police, only to be freed by Franco's men. Franco persuades the Punisher to help him save his son, and stop the Japanese criminal underworld from taking root in America. Franco and the Punisher raid the Yakuza headquarters, fight and kill all the Yakuza, including Lady Tanaka and her daughter. Upon being reunited with his son, Franco betrays the Punisher in an effort to kill him, but the Punisher wins the duel, killing Franco. As the police arrive, Castle warns Franco's son not to follow the sins of his father, and vanishes from the scene.
Development and production.
Production took place in Sydney. The film was given a worldwide theatrical release, except in the United States, Sweden, and South Africa. The film was originally slated for a US release in August 1989; trailers were created by New World promoting the film and the film was shown at the Los Angeles Comic Book and Sci-fi Convention. However the film never received a theatrical release in the United States due to New World's financial difficulties and instead was released direct-to-video (VHS and Laserdisc) in 1991. It finally premiered at the 2008 Escapism Film Festival in Durham, North Carolina where director Mark Goldblatt screened his own personal 35mm print (which he showed again in 2009 at the Dolph Lundgren Film Fest hosted by the New Beverly theater).
Reception.
The film received mainly negative reviews. It currently holds a 24% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes, based on 17 reviews (13 negative, 4 positive). Christopher Null gave the film 1 out of 5, stating the film was "marred by cheeseball sets and special effects, lame fight sequences, and some of the worst acting ever to disgrace the screen." MTV.com cited it as an example of a failed comic book film, complaining that the film omitted aspects of the character that made him compelling, and would have served better following closer to the plot of the source material. Whilst criticizing the film's storyline and acting, "Time Out" magazine concluded the film was "destructive, reprehensible, and marvelous fun". "TV Guide"s movie guide gave the film three out of four stars, praising Lundgren's portrayal of the character and compared the characterization of the Punisher to that of Frank Miller's re-imagining of Batman in "The Dark Knight Returns". They further praised the film's atmosphere, calling it "genuinely comic book-like, rather than cartoonish".
Soundtrack.
A full orchestral score was composed and conducted by Dennis Dreith at the Warner Bros. soundstage in Burbank, California. A CD of the soundtrack was not released until July 19, 2005 (Perseverance Records, PRD006). The CD includes several interviews with the director and the composer, as well as the complete multi-track stereo recording. Perseverance Records also released the 5.1 mix as an SACD, in collaboration with Tarantula Records (TARAN001). The American DVD release only contains a monaural (single track) soundtrack, despite the film being mixed in Dolby Stereo. The 2013 German and UK Blu-ray/DVD editions were presented with 2.0 and 5.1 (Dolby Digital and DTS-HD MA) sound tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="2876568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876568" title="Ravenna F.C.">
Ravenna F.C.

Ravenna Football Club is an Italian association football club, based in Ravenna, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna/B.
The club was founded in 1913 and refounded in 2001 and 2012.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 1913 as football section of sports club "Unione Sportiva Ravennate". In 1920, the club merged with "Audace Football Club", which was founded only one year earlier, in 1919. The same year the club joined the Italian Football Federation, being part of the Promozione league. Another merger in 1921 with "S.G. Forti per essere Liberi" brought the club to change its denomination to "Unione Sportiva Ravennate Forti per essere Liberi". The main sports club disbanded in 1928, with all its sports sections become separate entities; notably, the football one assuming the denomination of "Associazione Calcio Ravenna".
U.S. Ravenna.
In 1936 Ravenna made their first appearance in the Serie C, where they played until 1948. In 1949 the club, now playing in the amateur Interregionale league, became known as "Unione Sportiva Ravenna", then switching this denomination to "Sarom Unione Sportiva Ravenna" for sponsorship reasons in 1954, maintaining it for ten years. Ravenna returned to Serie C in 1950 for a single season, and again in 1955, playing in this division until 1971, when they relegated to Serie D. Another Serie C spell from 1972 to 1976 was followed by two consecutive relegations. Two promotions in a row from 1980 to 1982 then brought the club back to the pro leagues, in the recently created Serie C2. Ravenna relegated to Serie D in 1984, but promptly returned to Serie C2. 
In 1992, Ravenna were awarded Serie C2 champions, being promoted to Serie C1. Only one year later, in 1993, Ravenna won the Serie C1 league and gained promotion to Serie B for a historical first time. However, this lasted only one season, and Ravenna returned to Serie C1 in 1994. They returned to Serie B in 1996, playing in the Italian second division until 2001, when they were relegated to Serie C1 and successively cancelled by the Federation because of financial troubles.
Ravenna Calcio.
A new club, "Ravenna Calcio", was admitted to play Eccellenza Emilia- Romagna and obtained two consecutive promotions that brought them back to Serie C2 in 2003. 
In 2005, Ravenna were promoted to Serie C1 after playoffs, and on 9 May 2007 Ravenna won the 2006–07 Serie C1/B in advance of one matchday, following a 0–0 away tie against Teramo, being thus promoted to Serie B, after six seasons from their last appearance in the second-highest division of Italy. They were relegated in 2008 after a poor Serie B campaign to Lega Pro Prima Divisione. In their first season back in Serie C1, now rebranded as Lega Pro Prima Divisione, Ravenna was coached by debutant manager Gianluca Atzori and missed immediate promotion by losing the playoff semifinals to Padova, who later went on to win the playoff finals as well.
For the 2009–10 season, Ravenna were forced to search for a new head coach after Atzori left for Serie A club Catania, and former Inter "Primavera" coach Vincenzo Esposito was appointed as a replacement. However, the season started with a huge off-the-field shock, as young Albanian midfielder Brian Filipi, a regular for the team despite his 20 years of age, was hit by a car and left dead on 19 September 2009.
On July 18, 2011 it is excluded by the Federal Council from Lega Pro Prima Divisione, but on August 12, 2011 it is admitted in Serie D/D. after conciliation with FIGC.
2012: Bankruptcy after Relegation.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
On 29 June 2012 Ravenna Calcio in strong financial difficulty was declared bankrupt by the court of Ravenna.
From S.C. Ravenna Sport 2019 to Ravenna Football Club.
A new club, Ravenna Sport 2019 was admitted to play Promozione Emilia- Romagna and was promoted to Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna. 
In summer 2013 the club was renamed with the current name.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are red and yellow.
Achievements.
Season 1975-76 
Arezzo-Ravenna 4-2 ( 12', 34' e 47' Muiesan , 56' Zanin - 53' Martinetti , 67' Mazzoli )
Arezzo : Giacinti,Zanin,Cianchetti,Marini,Gennari,Fara,Tombolato,Di Prete,Oldorizzi,Muiesan,Zazzaro.
Ravenna : Bagnaresi,Melotti,Cianchetti,Bonetti,Gennari,Mantegari,Frara,Regno,Piva,Bandini,Manzoni.

</doc>
<doc id="2876569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876569" title="The Punisher (2004 film)">
The Punisher (2004 film)

The Punisher is a 2004 American comic book vigilante action film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, starring Thomas Jane as the antihero Frank Castle / The Punisher and John Travolta as the villain Howard Saint, a money launderer who orders the death of Castle's entire family.
The story and plot were mainly based on two Punisher comic book stories; "The Punisher: Year One" and "Welcome Back, Frank" along with scenes from other Punisher stories such as "Marvel Preview Presents: The Punisher #2", "Marvel Super Action Featuring: The Punisher #1", "The Punisher War Zone", and "The Punisher War Journal".
"The Punisher" was shot on location in Tampa, Florida, and surrounding environs in mid- to late 2003. It was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment in North America, although Artisan Entertainment, which produced 1989's "The Punisher", financed and co-distributed the film with Lionsgate, while Columbia Pictures distributed the film in non-North American countries. Screenwriter Jonathan Hensleigh agreed to helm the film during its development stage despite a dispute with Marvel Studios, marking his directorial debut.
The film was released on April 16, 2004, by Lions Gate Entertainment, grossing $13,834,527 in the United States over its opening weekend. Marvel Comics and Lionsgate began development on a sequel, "The Punisher 2", which instead became the reboot "" after Jane and Hensleigh left the project due to creative differences. This was the last film produced by Artisan Entertainment.
Plot.
When Bobby Saint and Mickey Duka meet with European arms dealer Otto Krieg at the Tampa, Florida seaport, the FBI intervenes and Saint is killed while Duka is jailed. "Krieg", supposedly killed in the shootout, is actually undercover FBI agent and former U.S. Army Delta Force operator Frank Castle. Shortly thereafter, he retires from the FBI and attends a family reunion at his father's oceanside home in Aguadilla Bay, Puerto Rico. Tampa crime boss Howard Saint is enraged by the death of his son, and with right-hand man Quentin Glass bribes the FBI for confidential information about "Krieg". Saint orders Castle murdered, and Saint's wife, Livia, demands Castle's entire family be killed as well to "settle the score".
At the reunion, gunmen including Glass and John Saint, Bobby's identical twin, kill most of the extended family. Castle and his father kill several of the attackers before Castle's father is killed. Castle's wife and son try to escape in a Jeep, but Saint runs over them with a truck, killing them. Castle, shot in the chest and blown off a pier in an explosion set by Glass, survives and is nursed back to health by a local fisherman, Candelaria. Once recovered, Castle goes to Tampa and takes refuge in an old tenement where three young outcasts — Dave, Bumpo and Joan — live. Castle abducts Duka, who fearfully gives up information about the Saints — whom he, too, hates, and so willingly becomes Castle's mole. Castle starts exacting revenge on the police and FBI agents who have been bribed to close the investigation of his family's murder. In the process, he sabotages Saint's money-laundering business and severs Saint's partnership with Cuban mobsters the Toro Brothers, and starts tailing Livia and Glass, whom he learns is a closeted homosexual.
Saint, realizing Castle is alive, sends two assassins to kill him. Castle kills the first, guitar player Harry Heck, by shooting a ballistic knife into Heck's throat. The second is "the Russian", a behemoth who beats Castle in a brutal fight but is defeated when Castle throws boiling oil in his face, blinding him long enough for Castle to throw him down a staircase, breaking his neck. Moments later, Saint's men arrive, led by Glass and John Saint. Dave, Joan and Bumpo hide Frank and refuse to tell Glass where he is, despite Glass sadistically pulling out Dave's multiple facial piercings with a pair of pliers. They leave a man behind to kill Castle upon his return, but Castle kills him once Glass and the others are gone. With assistance from Mickey, Castle manipulates Saint into believing Glass and Livia are having an affair. Saint, unaware Glass is gay, and believing Livia to be capable of cheating on him, kills them both personally, neither of them knowing why.
Castle attacks Saint's headquarters, the downtown Tampa nightclub Saints and Sinners, killing many of Saint's henchmen. He kills John Saint by having the crime boss' son hold an eight-pound, trip-wire activated grenade until his arm wearies and the grenade explodes, killing him. Castle wounds Howard Saint with a pistol when Saint attempts to shoot him in the parking lot of the nightclub. Castle then ties Saint to a slow-moving car, but not before revealing that Glass and Livia were not having an affair. As the car drags Saint through the lot, Castle sets off several hidden bombs; the resulting destruction and wreckage kills Saint and culminate in the shape of the Punisher's iconic skull. Later that night, Castle returns to his apartment and prepares to commit suicide, but after a brief vision of his wife, decides to continue his vigilante mission against others who in his mind deserve punishment. Before departing on his next mission, he leaves most of Saint's money for Bumpo, Joan and Dave. On the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, he vows, "Those who do evil to others — the killers, the rapists, psychos, sadists — will come to know me well. Frank Castle is dead. Call me the Punisher."
Cast.
Director Jonathan Hensleigh and Avi Arad said in many interviews that Thomas Jane was the first and only actor to be asked to play the title role. Jane initially turned down the role twice, as he did not see himself as a superhero actor. Jane said, when asked the second time to play the Punisher, that he became interested when Arad sent Tim Bradstreet's artwork of the character. After learning more about the Punisher, he accepted. Jane went on to read as many "Punisher" comics he could find to understand the character, and became a fan of the Punisher in the process. Jane trained for six to seven months with the United States Navy SEALs and gained more than twenty pounds of muscle for the part.
Production.
Before filming began, Hensleigh was not given the budget he wanted or needed from the studio, Hensleigh knew that most action pictures get a budget of around $64 million. He was only given $33 million, with only $15.5 million going towards the shooting budget and post-production for the film, with only 52 days to shoot, which is half the time allocated for most action pictures. Most of Hensleigh's original script had to be edited and re-written many times due to budget issues. According to the DVD commentary, the first scene in the film would have been a battle set in Kuwait during the Gulf War, but they were unable to film this scene as a result of the budget cuts.
"The Punisher" was filmed on location in Tampa, Florida. The Florida location was first chosen at the insistence of screenwriter Michael France, who advised Marvel and Artisan that "it would be cheap to shoot - that they'd get a lot more for their money than in New York or Chicago" as well as wanting to use "both sunny locations, and dark, industrial locations" in the screenplay. For inspiration, Hensleigh and cinematographer Conrad W. Hall looked at dozens of action films from the 1960s and 1970s, such as the "Dirty Harry" series, "The Getaway", "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", "The Godfather" and "Bonnie and Clyde". In an interview, Hensleigh also stated the film pays homage to "Mad Max" and William Shakespeare's "Othello", though while he was inspired by "Othello", the characters were reversed for the film, making the Punisher the instigator of the jealousy which leads to Howard Saint murdering his best friend and wife.
The story and plot were mainly based on two Punisher comic book stories: "Welcome Back, Frank" and "The Punisher: Year One". Speaking about which source materials he drew upon, Hensleigh stated: 
During shooting of the film, Lionsgate (then known as Lions Gate Films) purchased Artisan. In an interview with Jonathan Hensleigh, Hensleigh said that even though the film is distributed under the Lionsgate imprint, they had nothing to do with the film. Lionsgate never gave a green light for the film to be made. The film was still under Artisan Entertainment.
The character of Microchip was originally included in an earlier Michael France draft (along with the character Jigsaw), but was excised from later drafts because of director Jonathan Hensleigh's distaste for him. Instead the character of Mickey Duka (who was heavily based upon the character Mickey Fondozzi) serves as an ally of Frank Castle. Regarding the exclusion of Microchip, Hensleigh had this to say: 
Reception.
Box office.
Prior to "The Punisher"'s release, a novelization of the film was written by D.A. Stern and released in March 2004. "The Punisher" opened in 2,649 theaters on April 16, 2004 and grossed $13,834,527 over its opening weekend, ranking at #2 at the box office. The film has a domestic gross of $33,810,189 and a foreign gross of $20,889,916, giving it a worldwide total of $54,700,105.
Critical response.
On its release, it was met with mainly negative reviews, and received a 29% rotten rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 167 reviews with an average rating of 4.5/10. Film critic Roger Ebert gave the film two stars, stating, ""The Punisher" is so grim and cheerless, you wonder if even its hero gets any satisfaction from his accomplishments." Michael Rechtshaffen of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "By the end, the Punisher's greatest adversaries emerge as an unwelcome trio known as jokey, hokey, and hammy." A few reviewers have defended the film, stating that, compared to most comic book-based films, it is a well-done throwback to the old-school action films of the 1960s and 1970s. Critic A.O. Scott stated, "But lightness is not among Hensleigh's gifts. Making his directorial debut after a successful run as a screenwriter and producer (on projects like "Die Hard with a Vengeance", "Jumanji", and "The Rock") he has clearly conceived "The Punisher" as a throwback to the leathery, angry urban revenge movies of the 1970s." Drew McWeeny of "Ain't It Cool News" said of the style of the film that ""The Punisher" has more in common with the work of Don Seigel and John Frankenheimer than it does with the work of Michael Bay or Simon West. Which isn't to say that it's the equal of those classics, but at least Hensleigh's got the right idea. ... "The Punisher" is pulp, served up gritty and ugly and brutal. It's not jam-packed full of one-liners. What humor there is in the film is dark."
Home media.
"The Punisher" DVD was released on September 7, 2004 and sold nearly 1.8 million copies in its first five days and netted $10.8 million in rentals its first week, making it number-one in DVD sales that week.
An extended cut DVD was released on November 21, 2006 with 17 minutes of additional footage, most of which revolves around the character Jimmy Weeks (Russell Andrews), and Castle realizing that it was his friend who had sold him out to Howard Saint. In retaliation, Castle forces Weeks to commit suicide. Features also include a black-and-white stop-motion animated scene, set in Kuwait, based on and partially done by artist Tim Bradstreet, and a Punisher comic-book gallery. An extended version of "In Time" by Mark Collie also appears in the closing credits of the extended-cut DVD. This version does not include the special features on the standard DVD release.
"The Punisher" was released on Blu-ray Disc on June 27, 2006.
Soundtrack.
The score to "The Punisher" was composed and conducted by Italian composer Carlo Siliotto. Director Jonathan Hensleigh wanted the music to be very emotional, and was aware of Siliotto's previous work which led to him being chosen. When scoring the film Siliotto saw Frank Castle as a tragic figure stating, "This man, Frank Castle, is somebody who has a slaughtered family. He comes through that slaughter, and becomes a punisher. But he's a sad man - he drinks, and has bad memories always coming to him. There's a lot in the film, and at times it is like a modern version of a classic tragedy - like "Othello"."
Sequel / reboot.
Lions Gate Entertainment planned to produce a direct sequel titled "The Punisher 2", with Avi Arad, chairman and CEO of Marvel Studios, stating that the second film would "become the fifth Marvel property to become a sequel." Jonathan Hensleigh said that he was interested in working with Thomas Jane again for "The Punisher 2". Jane said that the villain for "The Punisher 2" would be Jigsaw. The project, however, lingered in development for over three years. Jonathan Hensleigh completed a first draft of the script before pulling out around 2006. John Dahl was in talks to direct the film but pulled out due to script quality issues and the studio not wanting to spend a lot of money on the project. In a statement on May 15, 2007 and in two audio interviews Thomas Jane said that he pulled out of the project due to creative differences and the budget of the film being cut, in addition to director Walter Hill being turned down as director by Lionsgate. After reading the new script by Kurt Sutter, Jane stated:
In July 2012, Jane reprised his role as Frank Castle in the fan film "", which premiered at the San Diego Comic-Con International. The 10-minute film also stars Ron Perlman.

</doc>
<doc id="2876571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876571" title="Olaberria">
Olaberria

Olaberria is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876574" title="Oñati">
Oñati

Oñati (Castilian: Oñate) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in the north of Spain. It has a population of approximately 10,500 and lies in a valley in the center of the Basque country. It lies about south of the Bay of Biscay and is about above sea level. The name is Basque and translates roughly as "place of many hills", reflecting the landscape of the area. The town is surrounded on three sides by green mountains on the southern side by the Aloña limestone formation.
Main sights.
Dating back to the Medieval period, Oñati is home to numerous monuments. The University of Oñati, the ancient university of the Basque Country, which is in the town's centre, is one of the oldest university buildings on the Iberian peninsula. Today it houses the International Institute for the Sociology of Law. Other important sites include the monastery and hospice of Bidaurreta and the Church of Saint Michael.
Above the city lies the Sanctuary of Arantzazu, which is known for its Pilgrimage Church of Our Lady. A shepherd is said to have discovered a figure of the Virgin here in 1469. The original 16th Century chapel was replaced in 1950 by a church in a more contemporary style.
Onati is also known for having hosted the Boise State University Campus in the Basque Country program at ETEO. The time was very volatile politically, and mirrored Northern Ireland in many ways, since it saw the death of Franco and the transition to a non dictatorial political system.
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Oñati is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2876585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876585" title="Christo van Rensburg">
Christo van Rensburg

Christo van Rensburg (born 23 October 1962 in Uitenhage, South Africa) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa.
Van Rensburg turned professional in 1983. He won his first tour doubles title later that year at Cleveland.
Van Rensburg won 20 top-level doubles titles during his career, including one Grand Slam men's doubles title at the Australian Open in 1985, partnering Paul Annacone. He also won two ATP singles titles at Orlando in 1987, and at Johannesburg in 1989. Van Rensburg's career-high rankings were World No. 19 in singles (achieved in 1988) and World No. 5 in doubles (achieved in 1987). His career prize money totalled $1,928,431. He retired from the professional tour in 1995.
Van Rensburg is one of only two men to beat Pete Sampras in straight sets at Wimbledon (doing so in 1990, where Sampras was the No. 12 seed), the other being 1996 Champion Richard Krajicek.

</doc>
<doc id="2876589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876589" title="Reanne Evans">
Reanne Evans

Reanne Evans (born 25 October 1985) is an English amateur snooker player. She is the reigning WLBSA World Ladies Snooker Champion, a title she has won a record ten successive times between 2005 and 2014. She played on the main professional snooker tour during the 2010–11 season, but she failed to win any matches and was unable to retain her place on the tour in subsequent seasons. In May 2013, she qualified for the 2013 Wuxi Classic as an amateur competitor, becoming the first woman ever to reach the final stages of a ranking snooker tournament. She became one of four players selected to play against local opponents in a wildcard round, where she lost 2–5 to Zhu Yinghui.
Professional Main Tour.
After winning 61 consecutive women's matches and defeating reigning world champion John Higgins 4–3 at the 2009 Six-red World Championship, Evans was awarded a wild card on the professional main tour for the 2010–11 season, enabling her to enter all ranking events at the qualifying stage. This made her the first woman to play on the main snooker tour since Allison Fisher in 1994–95. Evans failed to win a match throughout her season on the tour, suffering 18 consecutive defeats. She entered Q-School, but was unable to qualify for the main tour in the 2011–12 season.
In the 2012–13 season, Evans won enough Q-School matches to earn a "top-up" place in the qualifying rounds for the 2013 Wuxi Classic, competing as an amateur. In her qualifying match, she defeated Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 5–4 to become the first woman to reach the final stages of a professional ranking snooker tournament. Originally scheduled to play world number 2 Neil Robertson in the last 64, she then became one of four players selected to play an extra wildcard round against local Chinese opponents, a system she publicly criticized. She traveled to Wuxi and played Chinese teenager Zhu Yinghui in the wildcard round, but lost 2–5.
Personal.
Born in Dudley, West Midlands, Evans was educated at Bishop Milner Catholic School, Dudley. She began playing snooker at age 13, inspired by her older brothers. In 2005, while in a relationship with Northern Irish professional snooker player Mark Allen, she became pregnant. She won the 2006 women's world championship while seven and a half months pregnant; she subsequently gave birth to a daughter, Lauren. Evans and Allen ended their relationship in 2008.
Achievements.
Number of titles listed (28)

</doc>
<doc id="2876590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876590" title="Ordizia">
Ordizia

Ordizia is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.
The professional cycle road race Prueba Villafranca de Ordizia is held yearly in Ordizia.

</doc>
<doc id="2876591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876591" title="Terry Gibbs">
Terry Gibbs

Terry Gibbs (born Julius Gubenko on 13 October 1924) is an American jazz vibraphonist and band leader.
He has performed and/or recorded with Tommy Dorsey, Chubby Jackson, Buddy Rich, Woody Herman, Benny Goodman, Louie Bellson, Charlie Shavers, Mel Tormé, Buddy DeFranco, and others. Gibbs also worked in the film and TV studios in Los Angeles. 
In the 1950–1951 season, Gibbs was a popular guest on "Star Time" on the DuMont Television Network. Thereafter, he was a regular in 1953–1954 on NBC's "Judge for Yourself".
In the late 1950s, he appeared on NBC's "The Steve Allen Show", on which he regularly played lively vibraphone duets with the entertainer and composer. In 1997, he appeared on "Steve Allen's 75th Birthday Celebration" on PBS. Gibbs was also the bandleader on the short-lived "That Regis Philbin Show". As an instrumentalist, together with his big band, the Dream Band, Gibbs has won prestigious polls, such as those of "Downbeat" and "Metronome". 
Gibbs has written his autobiography "Good Vibes: A Life in Jazz" (Scarecrow Press, 2003) with Cary Ginell.

</doc>
<doc id="2876599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876599" title="Orendain">
Orendain

Orendain (Spanish, "Orendáin") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876600" title="Billesdon Rural District">
Billesdon Rural District

Billesdon was a rural district of Leicestershire, England. It originates with the Billesdon Poor Law Union, formed in 1835. In 1894 the area became a rural district. It was named for the village of Billesdon.
1935 saw the rural district decreased by the annexing of Humberstone, most of Evington, and some of Thurnby civil parishes to Leicester (with some small parts going to Oadby in 1936). It was further reduced in 1966 by the annexation of part of Scraptoft, Stoughton and Thurnby parishes [http://www.visionofbritain.org.uk/relationships.jsp?u_id=10193965] In 1974 it became part of the Harborough non-metropolitan district, along with the Market Harborough Rural District, Lutterworth Rural District and Market Harborough urban district.

</doc>
<doc id="2876604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876604" title="Orexa">
Orexa

Orexa (Spanish, "Oreja") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876607" title="Sub-Divisional Magistrate">
Sub-Divisional Magistrate

A Sub-Divisional Magistrate is a title sometimes given to the head official of a country subdivision, an administrative unit that is sometimes below the level of district, depending on a country's government structure.
In India, a sub-divisional magistrate has several executive and magisterial roles to play underCriminal Procedure Code 1973, as well as several other minor acts.
Sub Divisional Magistrate has to do various kinds of jobs like registration of marriage under Special Marriage Act 1954.
Also under Criminal procedure Code—in case of any unnatural death—the executive magistrate of the area in which the unnatural death of a human being has occurred or the sub divisional magistrate of that area has to inquire into the cause of unnatural death under Section 174 of the code of criminal procedure.
The contents of the Section 174 of code of criminal procedure are as follows: -
174. Police to inquire and report on suicide, etc.
(1) When the officer in charge of a police station or some other police officer specially empowered
by the State Government in that behalf receives information that a person has committed suicide, or has been killed by another or by an animal or by machinery or by an accident, or has died under circumstances raising a reasonable suspicion that some other person has committed an offense, he shall immediately give intimation thereof to the nearest Executive Magistrate empowered to hold inquests, and, unless otherwise directed by any rule prescribed by the State Government, or by any general or special order of the District or Sub-divisional Magistrate, shall proceed to the place where the body of such deceased person is, and there, in the presence of two or more respectable inhabitants of the neighborhood shall make an investigation, and draw up a report of the apparent cause of death, describing such wounds, fractures, bruises, and other marks of inquiry as may be found on the body, and stating in what manner, or by what weapon or instrument (if any), such marks appear to have been inflicted.
(2) The report shall be signed by such police officer and other persons, or by so many of them as
concur and shall be forthwith forwarded to the District Magistrate or the Sub-divisional Magistrate.
(3) 1) When
(i) The case involves suicide by a woman within seven years of her marriage: or
(ii) The case relates to the death of a woman within seven years of tier marriage
in any circumstances raising a reasonable suspicion that some other person committed an offence in relation to such woman; or
(iii) The case relates to the death of a woman within seven years of her marriage and any case
relative of the woman has made a request in this behalf, or
(iv) There is any doubt regarding the cause of death; or
(v) The police officer for any other reason considers it expedient so to do, he shall, subject
to such rules as the State Government may prescribe in this behalf, forward the body, with a view
to its being examined, to the nearest Civil Surgeon, or other qualified medical man appointed in this behalf by the State Government, if the state of the weather and the distance admit of its being so forwarded without risk of such putrefaction on the road as would render such examination useless.
(4) The following Magistrates are empowered to hold inquests, namely, any District Magistrate or
Sub-divisional Magistrate and any other Executive Magistrate specially empowered in this behalf' by the State Government or the District Magistrate.

</doc>
<doc id="2876611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876611" title="Seoul Metropolitan Subway rolling stock">
Seoul Metropolitan Subway rolling stock

There are many types of trains in Seoul but they are usually similar to each other. Typically, train carriages have four doors on each side. In between the doors are rows of either cushioned or non-cushioned seats for 7 people, except for the outer ends of each wagon where there are smaller rows of seats for 3 people, marked for the use by the elderly or disabled persons and pregnant women.
This list focuses primarily on trains that run on the 9 urban subway lines in Seoul and the 6 remaining wide-area commuter rail lines integrated into the Seoul Metropolitan Subway system as well as the AREX airport rail link. The list does not however include rolling stock used on the Incheon Subway and light rail systems such as the U Line or EverLine.
Facility.
Emergency procedures.
Each train has at least one fire extinguisher and options for opening the door in an emergency. A SOS phone is placed in most cars operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation, and all new rolling stock.
Help for English Speakers.
All trains in Seoul have both English and Korean announcements regarding each train stop. In addition, a map displays their names in both Korean and English characters. Many trains also have a LED display above a door or in the middle of the train car that displays information in Korean and English. Some of the newest trains feature LCD screens above the doors and in some cases in the middle of the train displaying short commercials and station information when the next station is announced and when arriving at a station. 
Trains.
Seoul Metro.
"Note: Newer trains operated by Seoul Metro are given the same number as the trains they were intended to supplement or replace. In this case the newer trains mainly utilize VVVF traction systems."

</doc>
<doc id="2876613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876613" title="Culford">
Culford

Culford is a small village about north of Bury St Edmunds in the English county of Suffolk. The village is based around a straight road called "The Street" and there are also some smaller residential areas in Culford, like Benyon gardens, a complex of small lanes. Most of the houses in central Culford are pre-war while those at the edges of the village are post-war and later
Culford is home to Culford School, a public school and a member of the Methodist Schools Foundation. The school occupies a former stately home in Culford Park, built in 1796 for the Cornwallis family.
Culford's Public House, "The White Hart", (now known as Benyon Lodge) was closed in December 1840 by Richard Benyon, owner of the Culford Estate between 1824 and 1883, because he regarded it as "a scene of moral debauchery".
The first mention of a postal service in Culford is in July 1852, when a type of postmark known as an undated circle was issued. The post office closed in January 1990 and has since been turned into Culford Day nursery.
Governance.
Culford lies in the St Edmundsbury borough of the shire county of Suffolk. The four tiers of government & their respective representatives are:
Culford, West Stow and Wordwell Parish Councill has 7 elected members
In terms of community planning the parish does not currently have a Parish Plan or Village Design Statement.

</doc>
<doc id="2876614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876614" title="Orio">
Orio

Orio (5,147 inhabitants in 2010) is a fishing town located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Autonomous Community, northern Spain, with the town nucleus lying on the river Oria, roughly one mile away from its mouth by the Bay of Biscay. 
Traditionally a town attached to the sea and the fishing industry, this sector is losing ground to the more profitable and less demanding tourism, rapidly developing after marshes between the town and the beach were drained with a view to building up new tourist oriented housing. The most widely known and conspicuous sport activity in Orio is the rowing regatta typical of the Basque and Cantabric coastal area, featuring a team represented by the yellow colour. 
The town is served by Euskotren´s coastal line, the N-634 road and the A-8 motorway (since 2010). 

</doc>
<doc id="2876616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876616" title="CIT Group">
CIT Group

CIT Group Inc. is a United States financial holding company founded in 1908 with more than $33 billion in finance and leasing assets. The company's name is an abbreviation of an early corporate name, Commercial Investment Trust. It provides financing and leasing capital to its small business and middle market clients and their customers across more than 30 industries. CIT maintains leadership positions in small business and middle market lending, factoring, retail finance, aerospace, equipment and rail leasing, and global vendor finance. CIT also operates CIT Bank (Member FDIC), BankOnCIT.com, its primary bank subsidiary, which offers a suite of online savings options designed to help customers achieve a range of financial goals.
The company is part of the Fortune 500 and was a part of the S&P 500 Index until it was replaced by Red Hat at the close of trading July 24, 2009. The Company is headquartered in New York City, and employs approximately 3,700 people in locations throughout North America, Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. It declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy on November 1, 2009, and with the consent of its bondholders proposed to quickly emerge from bankruptcy court proceedings. The Company emerged from bankruptcy 38 days later on December 10, 2009.
Structure.
CIT business areas operate under two segments: North American Commercial Finance and Transportation & International Finance.
North American Commercial Finance 
Transportation & International Finance
History.
On February 11, 1908, Henry Ittleson founded the Commercial Credit and Investment Company in St. Louis, Missouri.
In 1915 it moved to New York City and renamed itself Commercial Investment Trust and went by the initials of C.I.T. It remains in New York City today. By that time, the company provided financing for wholesale suppliers and producers of consumer goods. The company added automobile financing to its product line in 1916, through an agreement with Studebaker, the first of its kind in the auto industry. During World War I, CIT financed the manufacture of 150 submarine chasers. It also added consumer financing of radios through an agreement with Thomas Edison, Inc. During the Roaring 20s following the war, consumer spending rose dramatically and CIT prospered in its consumer appliance, furniture, and automobile financing groups. In 1924, CIT incorporated in Delaware and listed itself on the New York Stock Exchange. CIT entered the field of factoring in 1928 and expanded operations into Europe in 1929.
With international tensions rising prior to World War II, CIT closed its German operations in 1934. Arthur O. Dietz succeeded Ittleson as president of the company in 1939. During the war, CIT offered its 2000 employees a month's bonus, life insurance, and a guaranteed job on return if they served in the United States Armed Forces. From 1947 to 1950, the company's net income rose from $7.3 million to $30.8 million — $ million in recent terms. Ittleson died at age 77 on October 27, 1948.
The company moved into a new building at 650 Madison Avenue in Manhattan in 1957. In 1960, Walter Lundell succeeded Dietz as president of the company. Five years later, in 1959, the company passed $100 billion ($ billion in recent terms) in financing volume since its founding. The Vietnam War racial turmoil of the 1960s resulted in CIT making changes to its business. In 1969, CIT entered the personal and home equity loan and leasing business and left auto financing. In 1979, restrictive banking rules forced CIT to sell its bank, National Bank of North America. CIT was acquired by RCA Corporation in 1980. RCA promptly sold CIT's four manufacturing businesses: Picker, Gibson, All-Steel, and RACO. The Madison Avenue building was sold in 1982 as the company moved to a newly constructed headquarters facility in Livingston, New Jersey in 1983. The address of the new headquarters was 650 CIT Drive, after the old 650 Madison Avenue address.
Manufacturers Hanover and Dai-Ichi.
In 1984, CIT was sold to Manufacturers Hanover Trust. In 1989, Manufacturers Hanover Trust sold sixty percent of CIT to Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank of Japan.
As Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank ran into troubles within its core operations, it sold off non-core assets, including CIT, which in 1997 was carved out as a separate company and re-listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Tyco International.
In 1999, CIT acquired Toronto-based Newcourt Credit Group Inc. for approximately US$4 billion to create one of the largest publicly owned leasing companies. CIT over-paid for Newcourt, and merger integration troubles forced CIT to draw upon emergency credit facilities with several banks to avoid bankruptcy. As other funding sources dried up, CIT was forced to sell itself to Tyco International Ltd. in June 2001. CIT became the principal operating subsidiary of Tyco's Tyco Capital business. CIT's Livingston address was changed to 1 Tyco Drive.
Tyco ran into its own operating troubles and sold or spun off non-core operations, including CIT. On July 8, 2002, Tyco completed its divestment of its Tyco Capital business through an initial public offering, via the sale of 100% of the common shares in CIT Group Inc. As an independent public company, CIT changed its Livingston address to 1 CIT Drive from 1 Tyco Drive.
Relisting.
CIT moved its global headquarters back to New York City, opening a brand-new headquarters in 2006 across from the New York Public Library. The last time that it was headquartered in New York City had been back in 1983. CIT retained its Livingston campus as its corporate headquarters.
On July 1, 2008, CIT Group announced that it would be selling its home lending division to Lone Star Funds for $1.5 billion in cash in addition to the $4.4 billion in debt the company held. CIT said it would concentrate on its commercial pursuits due to the decline in housing and mortgage markets of the past year. CIT also planned to sell their manufactured housing portfolio Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance Inc. for approximately $300 million, although it held a value of $470 million.
Late 2000s financial crisis.
In 2008, CIT became a bank holding company in order to qualify for, and ultimately receive $2.3 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds.
On July 13, 2009, Bloomberg TV reported that CIT was asking for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation loan guarantees.
On July 15, 2009, the common stock of CIT was halted on the New York Stock Exchange during trading hours with "News Pending". At 6:03 pm a press release was issued on the company's website stating that talks of a government bailout were unlikely. The company had been advised that there was "no appreciable likelihood of additional government support being provided over the near term." CIT announced that it believed it was unlikely that it would receive further funding from the federal government, and CIT Group came very close to declaring bankruptcy. It was rescued in a US$3 billion deal on July 19, 2009, via an agreement with the bondholders group, which included Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO) and some other top CIT holders. CIT said it planned a comprehensive restructuring of its liabilities.
On September 30, 2009, in its continuing struggle to avoid bankruptcy, CIT Group was reported to be in negotiations with Citigroup Inc., Barclays Capital, and its bondholders to secure rescue financing to comply with its filing to find a plan “acceptable” to the majority of a bondholder steering committee that provided it with the emergency cash by Oct. 1.
Bankruptcy.
On Sunday, November 1, 2009, CIT Group filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. It filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York along with CIT Group Funding Company of Delaware LLC.
On December 10, 2009, CIT satisfied all of the conditions required to consummate the prepackaged Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan"). The distribution of CIT's new debt and equity securities took place in accordance with the Company's confirmed Plan and the new common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol "CIT." All previously issued and outstanding common stock and preferred stock was cancelled.
Post-bankruptcy.
As part of the reorganization plan, CIT named seven new independent directors. Peter Tobin, a current Board member, was named interim Chief Executive officer beginning in January 2010, replacing Jeff Peek, who resigned following the Company’s emergence from bankruptcy. Soon afterward, the Board appointed former Merrill Lynch CEO John Thain as its new chairman and Chief Executive.
In commenting on his new role, Thain summarized the opportunity he believed faced CIT: “CIT’s numerous market-leading positions are evidence of the resiliency of the franchise and its unwavering commitment to its customers. We will continue to work even harder to support small and mid-market businesses. CIT can and will serve an important role in the recovery of the U.S. economy and the creation of jobs.” With Thain at the helm, the remainder of 2010 and first half of 2011 witnessed CIT’s Executive Management Team and its board of directors making strategic moves to further position CIT as a market leader.
Improving Story.
S&P boosted the firm (CIT) to BB- on March 9, 2012, three levels below investment grade. CIT has “shifted towards a more bank-centric business model: It has repaid or refinanced a material portion of its high-cost debt, increased deposits, and moved many U.S. originations to its commercial bank subsidiary, CIT Bank,” analysts Brendan Browne and Rian Pressman said in an April 16, 2012 report.‘
Board of directors.
, members of CIT's board of directors were:

</doc>
<doc id="2876622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876622" title="Ormaiztegi">
Ormaiztegi

Ormaiztegi is a town and municipality located in the comarca of Goierri, of the Gipuzkoa province, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2876623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876623" title="The Gallifrey Chronicles">
The Gallifrey Chronicles

The Gallifrey Chronicles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876628" title="Pasaia">
Pasaia

Pasaia (Spanish: Pasajes) is a town and municipality located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Autonomous Community of northern Spain. It is a fishing community, commercial port and the birthplace of the fighting admiral Blas de Lezo. Pasaia lies approximately 5 km east of Donostia's centre, lying at the feet of Mount Ulia and the Jaizkibel massif. The municipality numbers 16,056 inhabitants (2008 estimates), clustering around the Bay of Pasaia in four nuclei, namely Pasai San Pedro, Pasai San Juan (or Donibane in Basque), Antxo and Trintxerpe, with each part showing distinctive features.
History.
Pasaia is mentioned in documentary records for the first time in 1203 as Oiarso. The name of the village was later changed to "Pasage", which means 'port' in Gascon. The Gascons had come to inhabit the area side by side with the Basque people at the beginning of the 13th century. The current name is first attested in the 15th century, when it was called the above "Pasage". In 1770 the district of Donibane received municipal rights from Charles IV of Spain.
Historically the area was controlled by two competing baronies, that of Hondarribia, who controlled the Donibane district, and Donostia, who controlled the San Pedro district. Donibane was detached from the Hondarribia barony in 1770, while San Pedro was separated from the Donostia barony in 1805. The Antxo district was formed in 1890, when the Irun-Madrid railway came through. Trintxerpe, next to San Pedro, was the last district to be formed. Trintxerpe and Antxo actually form a continuous urban strip with the eastern districts of the city of Donostia.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="2876631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876631" title="Dreamcatcher (film)">
Dreamcatcher (film)

Dreamcatcher is a 2003 science fiction horror film adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name. It was directed by Lawrence Kasdan, and co-written by Kasdan and screenwriter William Goldman. The film stars Damian Lewis, Thomas Jane, Jason Lee and Timothy Olyphant as four friends who encounter an invasion of parasitic aliens. It was filmed around Prince George, British Columbia.
Plot.
Jonesy (Damian Lewis), Beaver (Jason Lee), Pete (Timothy Olyphant) and Henry (Thomas Jane) are four friends on an annual hunting trip in Maine. As children, they all acquired telepathy which they call "the line". A flashback shows them as they save a mentally handicapped boy named Douglas "Duddits" Cavell (Donnie Wahlberg) from bullies and befriend him.
Jonesy sees Duddits beckoning him to cross the street, but as he does so Jonesy is hit by a car. His injuries heal with mysterious speed and 6 months later he is able to make the group's annual trip. Jonesy meets a man lost in the forest named Rick McCarthy (Eric Keenleyside). He is very ill so Jonesy and Beaver let him rest inside their cabin. Military helicopters fly over the area and announce that the area will be quarantined. Jonesy and Beaver return to the cabin to find Rick dead in the bathroom, the room covered with blood. A large worm tries to escape from the bathroom after being excreted into the toilet by Rick before he died. Beaver attempts to trap the creature under the toilet lid, but the lamprey-like worm, with multiple rows of razor-sharp teeth, kills him. Jonesy tries to escape but runs into a large alien called Mr. Grey, who possesses Jonesy's body.
Nearby, Henry and Pete crash their vehicle as they barely avoid running over a frostbitten woman from Rick's original hunting party. Henry walks for help while Pete stays with the woman. She dies and also excretes a worm, which Pete barely manages to kill. Mr. Grey then captures Pete, but Jonesy telepathically warns Henry to stay hidden.
Henry returns to the cabin to find Beaver dead and the worm that killed him now laying a group of eggs. In order to kill all of the alien larvae, he sets fire to the cabin.
Meanwhile, a military unit led by Curtis (Morgan Freeman), seeks to contain everyone exposed to the aliens. Curtis sends Owen (Tom Sizemore) to lead an air strike against the aliens' crashed spaceship. The aliens use telepathy to distract the pilots, but the four Apaches and Curtis' Little Bird massacre most of the aliens with miniguns and missiles. The alien ship then self-destructs destroying the remaining aliens and two helicopters. Henry arrives at the base as the remaining helicopters land and convinces Owen to reveal the camp to the U.S. Army. After tracking Owen through a chip in his gun, Curtis escapes in a helicopter.
Jonesy retraces his memories of the area while watching Mr. Grey use his body. Mr. Grey tries to coerce Pete into cooperating, but bites him in half when he refuses. Jonesy realizes that Mr. Grey possessed him, not by chance, but to access past memories of Duddits which he needs.
Henry and Owen go to Duddits' home, where he tells them that Mr. Grey is headed for Quabbin Reservoir to seed the water with alien larva. Arriving at the reservoir Owen is ambushed by Curtis' helicopter and mortally injured, but manages to shoot down Curtis. Henry takes Owen's weapon and kills Mr. Grey's worm. Duddits confronts Mr. Grey, who finally exits Jonesy's body. Duddits then reveals that he himself is an alien and attacks, causing both aliens to explode in a cloud of red dust which briefly resembles a dreamcatcher. Jonesy, now himself again, steps on the final worm that was just about to contaminate the water.
Reception.
The film was poorly received by most critics, earning a 30% "rotten" rating on review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes based on 167 reviews. 
Mick LaSalle's review for the "San Francisco Chronicle" summed up the film as "a likeable disaster." 
Richard Roeper commented that "not since "Death to Smoochy" have so many talented people made such a mess of things." 
Although considered a flop, the film did break even against an estimated $68 million production budget, and while it earned only $33,685,268 in the North American domestic market, it made $75,715,436 worldwide. 
In a 2012 interview, during a promotional tour for his film "Darling Companion", Kasdan admitted that the commercial failure of "Dreamcatcher" left him "Wounded careerwise...But not so much personally. I've been personally wounded by other movies, where I'd written it, and thought, 'Oh, God, the world's not interested in what I'm interested in.' With "Dreamcatcher", the career was hurt. I was planning to do "The Risk Pool" with Tom Hanks. I had written the script from a great book by Richard Russo ("Nobody's Fool"). And it didn't happen. Then another one didn't happen. Meanwhile, two years have passed here, two have passed there. That's how you're wounded."

</doc>
<doc id="2876638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876638" title="Retouch (lithics)">
Retouch (lithics)

Retouch - the work done to an edge of a flint implement in order to make it into a functional tool, or to reshape a used tool. In the case of a core-tool, such as a hand-axe, retouch may simply consist of roughly trimming the edge by striking with a hammerstone, but on smaller, finer flake or blade tools it is sometimes carried out by pressure flaking. Retouch, also known as secondary working, is one of the most obvious features distinguishing a tool from a waste by-product of lithic manufacture (debitage).

</doc>
<doc id="2876643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876643" title="NER 66 Aerolite">
NER 66 Aerolite

North Eastern Railway (NER) No. 66 "Aerolite" is a preserved British steam locomotive. It was classified X1 by the LNER.
"Aerolite" was built in 1869 as a replacement for an engine of the same name built by Kitson's for the Great Exhibition in 1851 and which was destroyed in a collision in 1868. The engine, like its predecessor, was used to haul the Mechanical Engineer's saloon. Originally a 2-2-2WT well tank, side tanks were added 1886, and around this time it received the number 66.
In 1892 "Aerolite" was rebuilt into a 4-2-2, destroying much of the original engine. The well tank was removed, the side tanks expanded, and the two-cylinder Worsdell-von Borries compounding system applied. In 1902 it was again rebuilt into a 2-2-4T.
"Aerolite" was withdrawn in 1933 and preserved in 1934 at the LNER's York museum. It can be seen as a static exhibit at the National Railway Museum in York.
In fiction.
An engine of this type is seen in the TV Series Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends, as the character Whiff. The character carries the number 66 just like the engine he is based on.

</doc>
<doc id="2876649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876649" title="Soraluze-Placencia de las Armas">
Soraluze-Placencia de las Armas

Soraluze (Basque) or Placencia de las Armas (Spanish), officially Soraluze-Placencia de las Armas, is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876650" title="Terese Berceau">
Terese Berceau

Terese L. Berceau is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 77th Assembly District.
Berceau was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin and graduated from Green Bay East High School. She attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where she received a Bachelor of Science in 1973. She has been a resident of Madison, Wisconsin since 1969.
Prior to being elected to the State Assembly, Berceau served four terms on the Dane County Board of Supervisors from 1992 to 2000), representing the 20th Supervisory District on Madison's west side. She was Vice Chair of the Board from 1996 to 1998. 
She also has served on the City of Madison Community Development Authority from 1983 to 1992 and was a board member on the Greater Madison Convention and Visitors Bureau and the Monona Terrace Community and Convention Center.
Berceau was elected to represent the 76th Assembly District of Wisconsin in November 1998 after former State Representative Rebecca Young retired. The 76th District includes the southwestern quadrant of Madison, northern Fitchburg and parts of the Town of Madison. In the 1998 election, Berceau won with 71% of the total 22,603 votes cast, having a majority in all 26 wards. She was re-elected with 68% of the votes case in 2000. In 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008 Berceau ran unopposed.
As of 2007, Berceau is the ranking Democrat on the Assembly Urban and Local Affairs Committee and she is a member of the Assembly Children and Family Law Committee, the Assembly Insurance Committee and the Joint legislative Council. She also serves on the Wisconsin Historical Society Board of Curators.[http://www.legis.state.wi.us/assembly/asm76/a76comte.html]
In the 2005-06 session, Berceau introduced twenty-five bills related to reproductive rights, consumer protection, workers' rights, health care reform, the protection of stem cell research and the teaching of evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="2876668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876668" title="Limits (BDSM)">
Limits (BDSM)

In BDSM, limits refer to issues that participants in a play scene or dynamic feel strongly about, usually referring to prohibited activities. 
Participants typically negotiate an outline of what activities will and will not take place. The participants outline what they desire and/or will not tolerate, including the determination of limits. For example, it is common to set a safe word and to establish certain types of play as prohibited. 
The BDSM usage of the terminology "limits" derives from the concept of 'off limits', the idea of limiting a scene to a specific set of activities, and the limitations (in terms of both interest and tolerance) of the participants.
Setting limits.
Both dominants and submissives can set limits. Limits can be agreed to verbally or they can be incorporated into a formal contract. Sometimes the participants engage in a formal conversation about limits and boundaries called "negotiation". Other couples discuss their likes and dislikes in a similar manner to 'vanilla' relationships.
"No limits".
Some partners choose not to set limits. This is commonly seen in total power exchange dynamics, consensual non-consent, and edge play. Whether or not this type of arrangement is considered "safe, sane, and consensual" is a matter of some controversy in BDSM communities.
Types of limits.
The terminology varies slightly across different local communities and Internet forums. However, there are general usages recognized across most BDSM populations.
Hard limit.
A hard limit is something that must not be done. Violating a hard limit is often considered just cause for ending a scene or even a relationship. Examples include “scat is a hard limit for me” or “I have a back injury, so striking on the back is a hard limit”.
Soft limit.
A soft limit is something that a person hesitates about or places strict conditions on, but for which they will still give informed consent. An action could be prohibited except under specific circumstances or an area of discomfort that someone wishes to avoid. Soft limits can also be something that requires a cautious approach or while appealing, still generates an uncomfortable amount of fear.
Requirement limit.
A requirement limit, or must limit, is something that a person will not do the scene without. Examples include “lots of hair pulling is a must-limit for me” or “If you’re going to flog me, I’ll need lots of aftercare.”
Time limit.
A time limit is a set time period for which an activity or temporary relationship takes place. This is most common for scenes and casual Play. 
Some couples practice time limitations for relationships. They can be used to set time limits on phases of relationships, such as training or consideration.

</doc>
<doc id="2876670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876670" title="Great Cacapon, West Virginia">
Great Cacapon, West Virginia

Great Cacapon ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Morgan County in the U.S. state of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. As of the 2010 census, its population was 386.
Great Cacapon takes its name from the Cacapon River (from the Native American meaning "medicine water") which empties into the Potomac River to the town's east. It was originally known as Cacapon Depot on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad mainline when a post office was established here in 1848. In 1876, its name was changed to Great Cacapon to differentiate it from Little Cacapon which was also on the B&O mainline. It lies four miles down Cacapon Mountain from the Panorama Overlook along Cacapon Road (West Virginia Route 9) west of Berkeley Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="2876677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876677" title="U.S. Sambenedettese 1923">
U.S. Sambenedettese 1923

A.S.D. Sambenedettese Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in San Benedetto del Tronto, Marche. Sambenedettese currently plays in Eccellenza Marche.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 1923 as "U.S. Sambenedettese", having last been in Serie B in 1989. 
The first refoundation.
The club was refound in 2009 as U.S. Sambenedettese 1923 by the company U.S. Sambenedettese 2009 S.S.D. A.R.L.
In 2012-13 season it won group F of Serie D, but it was not promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione as it was excluded by Federal Council's decision for incomplete documentation of submission to the league. 
The second refoundation.
In summer 2013 it was refound as A.S.D. Sambenedettese Calcio by the entrepreneur "Gianni Moneti" restarting from Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are red and blue.
Rivalries.
The main rivalry is with Ascoli.

</doc>
<doc id="2876684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876684" title="Urnieta">
Urnieta

Urnieta is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2876686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876686" title="Andrew Craighan">
Andrew Craighan

Andrew Craighan (born 18 July 1970) is one of My Dying Bride's guitarists. Along with Aaron Stainthorpe, he is the only original member of the band still in the lineup. He played the guitar from 1989 to 1990 in the band Abiosis.
On My Dying Bride's official website he lists his favourite My Dying Bride album as 1999's "The Light at the End of the World".

</doc>
<doc id="2876696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876696" title="Charles H. Bell (politician)">
Charles H. Bell (politician)

Charles Henry Bell (November 18, 1823 – November 11, 1893) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Exeter, New Hampshire. Bell served New Hampshire in both the New Hampshire House of Representatives and the New Hampshire Senate, as a U.S. Senator, and as Governor.
Early life.
Bell was born on November 18, 1823 in Chester, New Hampshire.
Family.
Charles was one of the ten children of Governor John Bell. He was also the nephew of Samuel Bell, first cousin of James Bell and the first cousin, once removed of Samuel Newell Bell.
Service in the New Hampshire General Court.
Bell's career in the New Hampshire General Court was notable in that he held two unique offices. In 1860 Bell was the Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1860. and President of the New Hampshire Senate in 1864.
Writings.
Bell was the author of an influential early history of Exeter, New Hampshire, as well as a number of other books. His first wife was Sarah Almira Gilman, daughter of Nicholas Gilman; his second wife was the widow of John Taylor Gilman of Exeter.
Death and burial.
Bell died in 1893 in Exeter, New Hampshire, and is buried at the Exeter Cemetery in that town.

</doc>
<doc id="2876716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876716" title="Uriel's Machine">
Uriel's Machine

"Uriel's Machine: The Prehistoric Technology That Survived the Flood" is a bestselling book published in 1999 by Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas. The book's name is derived from a character of the same name in the "Book of Enoch". In Knight and Lomas's interpretation of the "Book of Enoch", Uriel warns Enoch about the impending flood, giving him instructions for building a form of solar observatory for the purpose of preserving advanced knowledge into a time of global disaster by teaching him the movement of the Sun against the horizon over a period of time, which Enoch then records in detail in the "Book of the Courses of the Heavenly Luminaries".
Summary.
In Masonic mythology there are many references to seven, which the authors speculate could refer to seven cometary fragments. These seven cometary fragments are described in the book as hitting the earth in prehistory causing tsunamis. The authors link this speculation to the work of geologists Edith and Alexander Tollmann. Their work proposes a series of meteors hitting the earth over the last 10,000 years, especially circa 7640 BC. Their evidence and counter-evidence is discussed in the article Tollmann's hypothetical bolide.
The book proposes that what the authors believe to have been stellar observatories (such as the first wooden Stonehenge) in Britain, and structures in the Boyne Valley in Ireland, show sufficient knowledge to be able to predict prescribed solar, lunar and venusian events and cycles, such as solstices and equinoxes. If rituals at Stonehenge involved stargazing, there is then the opportunity for an anomalous object to be spotted far more quickly if the cycles of observed celestial objects are known.
The authors quote textual evidence from the book of Enoch. They also note other coincidences made between Enoch and astronomy; for example, it is said he lived 365 years, which could be a reference to a year (365.25 days). It is also said that he knew what sacrifices to make during different times of the year, which is at odds with the Jewish lunar calendar.
The authors suggest that chambers (souterrains) found in Britain might have been attempts to build shelters to be sealed against Tsunami that would have been caused by a cometary impact in the sea. Current archaeological thought dates souterrains as late Iron Age, some 9,600 years after the supposed impact event.
Archaeologists and astronomers have been extremely skeptical about this idea. Prof Archie Roy (an astronomer and psychic researcher) and Robert Lomas gave a joint talk about technological possibilities in Megalithic society at the 2000 Orkney International Science.
Critical response.
Tim Schadla-Hall, archaeologist and editor of the journal "Public Archaeology", has cited the book as an example of pseudoscience, in which the authors "quote established academics in such a way as to make it seem as though they support their arguments". The geology in the book is based on Tollmann's hypothetical bolide which has been rejected by specialists in meteorite and comet impacts.
Stephen Tonkin, author and astronomer, said: "I believe that the astronomical basis of this book is sufficiently flawed as to render any conclusions that the authors draw from it to be highly suspect."
Mike Pitts, archaeologist and journalist, says that the book contains "what we might politely call a radically alternative approach to Grooved Ware pottery" and notes that the book's bibliography contains "such items as Myths and Legends of Australia, Robert the Bruce "and" The Pleistocene Elephants of Siberia, but not a single primary archaeological source for England (where, it has to be said, a great deal of Grooved Ware has been found)."

</doc>
<doc id="2876721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876721" title="Philip W. McKinney">
Philip W. McKinney

Philip Watkins McKinney (March 17, 1832 – March 1, 1899) was an Virginia lawyer, soldier and politician. McKinney served in the Virginia House of Delegates, was the Commonwealth attorney for Prince Edward County, and was elected as the 41st Governor of Virginia, serving from 1890 to 1894.
Biography.
Born in New Store, in Buckingham County, he attended Hampden-Sydney College, graduating in the class of 1851. McKinney served as a Confederate officer in the American Civil War in Company K, 4th Virginia Cavalry. He beat Republican William Mahone in the 1889 Virginia gubernatorial election winning 57.19% of the vote.
He died in 1899 and was interred at Westview Cemetery, Farmville, Virginia. His Queen-Anne-style house still stands in Farmville.

</doc>
<doc id="2876723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876723" title="Hamish Glencross">
Hamish Glencross

Hamish Glencross (born 13 February 1978) is a Scottish guitarist best known for his work with the English metal band My Dying Bride. He also co-founded the short-lived Blackdoom Records with the band's other guitarist, Andrew Craighan, which released The Prophecy's debut album "Ashes".
Born in Dundee, Scotland, Glencross had a brief acting career before concentrating on music, most notably in the UK children's drama Children's Ward.
Prior to joining My Dying Bride, Glencross played guitar for Bradford alternative rock band Driftwood, UK progressive metal band Seer's Tear, and Leeds-based punk/metal band Apocalypso. He also appeared on the UK doom metal band Solstice's album "New Dark Age". In 1999 he replaced My Dying Bride guitarist Calvin Robertshaw prior to the band touring for the album "The Light at the End of the World". As of 2011, he also plays lead guitar in the UK death metal band Vallenfyre, appearing on the album "A Fragile King" released on Century Media Records.
On 6 June 2014, My Dying Bride announced via their web site that Glencross had left the band due to "irreconcilable differences," and that former guitarist Calvin Robertshawn would be returning.
Glencross currently endorses Jackson guitars, and has been playing them exclusively since 2006. He favours the Jackson Randy Rhoads model, playing a number of variations of that model both live and in the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="2876726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876726" title="Olost">
Olost

Olost is a municipality in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It has less than 1,200 people, situated on a plain 669 meters above sea level at 20 km from Vic in the center of the ancient shire or comarca of the Lluçanès, at present in the comarca of Osona. In the center of the village stands the beautiful church of Santa Maria d'Olost of monumental size, with a large façade and two bell towers. Its construction started in the 10th century and ended in the 18th century. Near Olost are the two small settlements of Santa Creu de Jutglars (built in 984) and the Vila with Sant Gil de la Vila (build in 1038) and the unusual Castell d'Olost build in 1155 with added elements of the 14th and 15th centuries, that lies in a depression next to a stream in the district of Orista. Even though it was a fortified farm it has the structure of a castle, it is nearly hidden from view no doubt for protection in the Middle Ages.
Near the village in the summit of a small hill stands the hermitage of Sant Adjutori (1714)
In the Middle Ages, the village of Olost was no doubt in one of the roads taken by troubadours and "jutglars" to cross the Pyrenees It can be the origin of the name of the settlement of Santa Creu de Jutglars (jugglers or troubadours). Some historians have emphasised that the incidence of the letters OSS, SOS, OS in the names of villages of southern France and Catalunya stands for villages whose names were of Cathar origin and were founded or deeply influenced by Catharism in the 11-13th centuries.
The village feast in honor of its patron saint is on August 15. The village has a public school and two factories. The nearest train station is in Vic and from there a minibus provides transportation service. The main products in the village are agricultural:corn, potatoes, sunflower seeds and wheat. Nearby farms raise cows,pigs and poultry.
Near Olost at 6 km, is the artificial lake and dam of Reixach or of Santa Creu de Joglars over the river Gavarresa. To reach it one must take the road from Olost to Prats de Lluçanès and take the private road to Reixach a few km from Olost. The lake is good for some fishing of small and medium carp (Cyprinus carpio) and some northern pike (Esox lucius) that was introduced from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="2876732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876732" title="Ross and Macdonald">
Ross and Macdonald

Ross and Macdonald was one of Canada's most notable architecture firms in the early 20th century. Based in Montreal, Quebec, the firm originally operated as a partnership between George Allen Ross and David MacFarlane ("Ross and MacFarlane") from 1907 to 1912. MacFarlane retired in 1913, and Robert Henry Macdonald became a partner. The Ross and Macdonald name was used until 1944.
George Allen Ross.
Ross (1879–1946) was born in Montreal, and later studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
Ross was apprenticed to Brown, MacVicar & Heriot in Montreal, and later become a draftsman for the Grand Trunk Railway. He also did work with Parker & Thomas in Boston and Carrere & Hastings in New York before partnering with MacFarlane in Montreal.
He was a Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada. He was also a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects, becoming an Associate in 1904 and a Fellow in 1913.
Robert Henry Macdonald.
Macdonald (1875–1942) was born in Melbourne, Australia. He articled to Richard B. Whitaker, M.S.A. of Melbourne, and became a junior draftsman to Robert Findlay in Montreal in 1895. After positions as a draftsman for George B. Post starting in 1903, a senior draftsman with Crighton & McKay in Wellington, New Zealand in 1905, and head draftsman with W.W. Bosworth in New York in 1906, Macdonald joined Ross and MacFarlane in Montreal as a junior partner and draftsman in 1907. He ultimately became a partner of the firm in 1912. 
He was a Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada and of the Royal Institute of British Architects. He served as president of the Quebec Association of Architects in 1939, and was a recipient of the association's Award of Merit.
Important works.
Commercial Buildings:
Hotels:
Public Buildings:
Office Buildings:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="2876735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876735" title="Loarn mac Eirc">
Loarn mac Eirc

Loarn mac Eirc was a legendary king of Dál Riata who may have lived in the 5th century.
The Duan Albanach and the Senchus Fer n-Alban and other genealogies name Loarn's father as Erc son of Eochaid Muinremuir. There are no records or traditions of Loarn as king, and his main significance is as the eponymous ancestor of Cenél Loairn, a kindred whose name is preserved in Lorne.
Cenél Loairn.
The Cenél Loairn controlled parts of northern Argyll around the Firth of Lorne, most probably centred in Lorne but perhaps including the islands of Mull and Colonsay, Morvern and Ardnamurchan. The boundary to the east was the Druim Alban mountain ridge that separated Dál Riata from Pictland. The chief places of the kingdom appears to have been at Dun Ollaigh, near Oban and Dunadd near Crinan. The chief religious site may have been on Lismore, later the seat of the High Medieval bishop of Argyll.
Descendants of Loarn.
Several kings of Dál Riata were members of the Cenél Loairn, and thus claimed descent from Loarn. 
In High Medieval times the Mormaers of Moray claimed descent from Loarn. 

</doc>
<doc id="2876739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876739" title="King Nothing">
King Nothing

"King Nothing" is a song by Metallica in their 1996 album "Load".
The song King Nothing, written by James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, and Kirk Hammett, circles around the theme of "be careful what you wish for." The song starts on a bass riff which develops into the main riff of the song. A single of "King Nothing" was released in the United States. It included a live version of the song "Ain't My Bitch", which is also on the album "Load". A music video also accompanied the song. The guitars and bass are both tuned to Eb.
At the end of the song, the words ""Off to never-never land"" can be heard. This is a nod to one of Metallica's most famous songs, "Enter Sandman", which also features these words. The song also features a similar structure.
"King Nothing" was featured as background music in the ninth episode of the second season of "The Sopranos", "From Where to Eternity", in a scene in which Tony Soprano is speaking with Paulie Gualtieri in the Bada Bing strip club.
On the U.S. charts, the song reached number 90 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, while peaking at number six on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Demo.
The demo of "King Nothing" was called "Load" (hence the title of the album it was featured on) and was recorded in Lars Ulrich's home studio 'Dungeon' by James Hetfield and Ulrich on November 30, 1994. The official music video for "King Nothing" was filmed in Park City, UT in December 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2876745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876745" title="St Mary de Castro">
St Mary de Castro

The name St Mary de Castro or St Mary in Castro is given to many churches dedicated to the Virgin Mary within a medieval castle (the Latin, "de castro" or "in castro", meaning 'in the castle'), including:

</doc>
<doc id="2876750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876750" title="Shaun Steels">
Shaun Steels

Shaun Steels (born Shaun Taylor-Steels, 22 August 1970) is a British heavy metal drummer and bassist.
Steels replaced Bill Law in My Dying Bride, and once was a member of Anathema. Like many other metal musicians, Steels has a pseudonym and adopted the stage name 'Winter'.
Shortly before the release of the 2006 album "A Line of Deathless Kings", Steels announced his permanent departure from My Dying Bride due to health concerns.
In the band's official statement concerning his departure, Steels is quoted as saying, "I would just like to salute MDB for the good times and wish them all well in the future, I feel I am not ready to fulfill the duties in a manner befitting MDB at this time and have decided to stand down. I am sad to be leaving but at this time I feel it is for the greater good of the band".
Steels now plays drums for the Norwegian metal band Vestige of Virtue alongside Kjetil Ottersen and Frode Forsmo.
Steels returned to My Dying Bride as a studio drummer for their 2012 album "A Map of All Our Failures". In May 2013, Steels also replaced Hayley Morgan in Yorkshire black metal band Severed Heaven. His first gig with Severed Heaven was on 31 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2876751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876751" title="Crown Church, Inverness">
Crown Church, Inverness

Crown Church is a parish church in Inverness in the Scottish Highlands, located at the junction of Midmills Road and Kingsmills Road near the city centre. The first minister (1899–1907) was the Reverend William Todd, renowned for his fervent evangelical preaching. Originally built for the Free Church of Scotland, the church buildings were completed in 1901. By this time the congregation had become part of the United Free Church of Scotland, which in turn united with the Church of Scotland in 1929, thus reuniting Scotland’s largest Presbyterian denominations.
In 2004 the congregation had 820 members, making Crown Church the largest Church of Scotland congregation in Inverness in terms of membership. The current minister (since 1998) is the Reverend Dr Peter H. Donald, who is also Vice-Convener of the Church of Scotland’s Mission and Discipleship Council.
The Sunday morning services also include a various assortment of musical accompaniment. The church choir makes regular appearances, conducted by the organist Brigid Donald and accompanied by Ross Fairfield.
The Crown Church Youth Band is also welcomed during church services. Consisting of clarinet, alto saxophone and piano, the band provide accompaniment with the singing of hymns and share their various arrangements which match up with the theme of the service. The band have delighted us with "Jubilation Celebration", a jazzy piece that was loved by all. Other arrangements include "Everybody, Everywhere", "At this Table" (for communion) "Calypso Carol" and "How Quietly" (both of which for Christmas), "Lord of the Dance" and "What Have They Done?" (both of which for Easter), and "My Lord, What a Morning" (for Harvest). The band have also performed many secular pieces, including "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" by Jerome Kern and a medley of the greatest hits of Irving Berlin. The band is led and accompanied by Ross Fairfield. 

</doc>
<doc id="2876756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876756" title="CWB">
CWB

CWB may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2876758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876758" title="Jan Siemerink">
Jan Siemerink

Johannes Martinus ("Jan") Siemerink (born 14 April 1970 in Rijnsburg, Zuid-Holland) is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands.
Career.
As a junior player, Siemerink was the Dutch 18-under champion in 1988. He also won the doubles title at the 1988 Orange Bowl junior championship in Florida.
Siemerink turned professional in 1989. Over the course of his career he won four top-level singles titles (at Singapore in 1991, Nottingham in 1996, and at Rotterdam and Toulouse in 1998). He also won ten tour doubles titles, the most significant of which were the Miami Masters in 1993 and the Monte Carlo Masters in 1996.
Siemerink's best performance at a Grand Slam event came at Wimbledon in 1998, where he reached the quarterfinals before being knocked-out by Goran Ivanišević. Siemerink is also known for winning a fourth set tiebreak against compatriot Richard Krajicek from 6-0 down in the 1994 US Open, though Krajicek eventually won the match.
Siemerink played for the Netherlands in the Davis Cup between 1991 and 2001, compiling a 17–10 record. He helped the Netherlands reach the World Group semifinals in 2001.
Siemerink's career-high rankings were World No. 14 in singles (in 1998) and World No. 16 in doubles (in 1996). His career prize-money totaled $4,347,693.
Retirement.
Siemerink retired from the professional tour in 2002. Afterwards, he became a tennis analyst and commentator for TV channel RTL 5 in the Netherlands, until he was appointed Davis Cup Captain of the Dutch Team in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2876761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876761" title="1895–96 in Belgian football">
1895–96 in Belgian football

The 1895-1896 season was the first competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
Only one official league existed at the time. It was called "Coupe de Championnat" (Championship Cup) and was disputed between 7 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="2876764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876764" title="Archbishop's Palace">
Archbishop's Palace

Various residences for archbishops are locally known as the Archbishop's Palace, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2876765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876765" title="Meridian School District (Idaho)">
Meridian School District (Idaho)

Joint School District No. 2, commonly known as the Meridian School District, is a school district based in Meridian, Idaho. In addition to Meridian, the district operates public schools in Eagle, Star and western Boise. The district also has jurisdiction in parts of Garden City, rural areas in western and central Ada County, and small portions of eastern Canyon County. It is the largest school district in Idaho.
District information.
The Meridian School District educates more than 35,000 students in 49 schools over an area of . The district has grown by more than 5,000 students in the last five years. Meridian School District schools range in enrollment from 300 to over 2,000 students. School buildings vary in age with the oldest being more than 50 years old. The district is administered by a five-member Board of Trustees elected by voters residing within the district's boundaries. 
At the elementary and middle school levels, academic emphasis is placed on refinement of basic skills through instruction in traditional subjects such as language arts, social studies, mathematics, and science.
The district's high schools have a rich tradition of winning regional and state academic and athletic championships and are often recognized for outstanding achievement in music and the arts. Students develop leadership skills through a variety of clubs and extracurricular activities.
Schools of choice.
Meridian School District offers a variety of magnet schools throughout the district. These magnet programs are offered in three different types: focus, configuration and schedule/calendar. Students can continue their specific pathway through middle school and on to high school, or go to their traditional school at any time. 
To provide options, students can study the arts, math, science, technology, literacy, or language and culture. The school district also understands that a large school may not be for everybody and provides smaller-scale school settings in their academies or K-8 schools. At the high school level, professional-technical classes are offered in the areas of construction, agriculture, welding, automotive services, culinary arts, health science, EMS services, and pre-engineering.
Faculty and staff.
The district currently houses more than 1,900 teachers. More than 2,000 non-certified staff including library, computer and special education aides directly serve the district's students. The district's school buses, provided by Student Transportation Inc., log more than each year, shuttling over 13,000 students on 222 buses every school day.
Meridian School District's nutrition team serves approximately 21,000 meals every school day. The custodial staff maintains and cleans of building space and of lawn.
Students.
Over 70 different languages are represented among the district's students. On average, 94 percent of students in the Meridian School District graduate high school, with the state average at 89 percent. Since 1979, Joint School District No. 2 has won over 150 state titles among its sports teams, competitive academic teams and performing groups.
History.
Superintendents
1945- School districts reorganized to reduce 1,082 school districts in Idaho to 301 districts.
1950- District named "Class A School District No. 2."
1963- The District’s name was officially changed to its current name, "Joint School District No. 2."
2005- Total enrollment for the district reached over 30,000.
2007- The district moved into its new offices, consolidating seven different office locations.
High schools.
There are currently 11 high schools and alternative schools in the district, five of which are classified 5A by the Idaho High School Activities Association.
Middle schools.
There are currently 7 middle schools & 2 alternatives in the district.
Elementary schools.
There are currently 31 elementary schools in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="2876770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876770" title="Complexe Les Ailes">
Complexe Les Ailes

Complexe Les Ailes is a shopping center located in downtown Montreal, at 677, Sainte-Catherine Street West, corner of University Street.
The 11 floors multipurpose property houses an office component of known under the name "1500 University" on the upper floors, as well as a retail gallery of with more than 60 stores on its three first floors.
Complexe Les Ailes is visited by over 11 million shoppers every year.
It has direct access to Montreal’s “underground city” and the McGill metro station. Along with Place Montreal Trust and the Montreal Eaton Centre, Complexe Les Ailes constitute Ivanhoe Cambridge's self-branded Sh3pping trio of shopping malls.
A bronze statue of hockey player Maurice Richard and a three floors high tableau made by fine arts enamel painter Bernard Séguin Poirier are at Complexe Les Ailes.
The mall owner, Ivanhoe Cambridge, announced in March 2014 that it will merge the Complexe Les Ailes with the neighbouring Montreal Eaton Centre mall, and the newly merged complex will be renamed. The two malls will be renovated so that they will have the same "look and feel" once merged. 
History.
Designed by the firm Ross and Macdonald and constructed in 1925, this property – known at the time as the Eaton's building – was home to Montreal’s largest department store for decades and was expanded twice during the years. First, in 1930-1931, three floors were added and the Eaton's Ninth Floor, an Art Deco design inspired by the dining room of the famous Île-de-France boat, was created following Jacques Carlu architect plans. Second, in 1958-1959, the building was expanded toward de Maisonneuve Boulevard. In 1967, a new development, in the form of an underground link to the city’s newly constructed subway line, via the McGill metro station, was introduced to the Eaton's building.
In 1999, Ivanhoe Cambridge acquired the property following the closure of the Eaton’s chain. After considerable redevelopment work between 2000 and 2002, including gutting and complete redesign of the interior, this flagship of the Montreal retail scene was transformed into the building now known as Complexe Les Ailes & 1500 University.
Tenants.
Les Ailes de la Mode store is the centre's main retailer which occupies one third of the total area. Boutiques such as Forever 21, SAQ Signature, Tommy Hilfiger, Orchestra, New Balance, m0851, Swarovski and located in three levels of shopping space.
In its opening, the shopping mall housed several retailers including Lacoste, Jacob, Guess, Costa Blanca, La Senza and Archambault. As Les Ailes de la Mode began shifting into a discount store, visits to the mall decreased which caused all of these stores to close or relocate. Other boutiques such as Tommy Hilfiger, Swarovski, SAQ Sélection, Fruits & Passion, m0851 and Bedo have remained loyal to the mall since its inauguration. But its vacancy rate is relatively high, with more than half the retail spaces on the third floor being unused.
Forever 21 took the former space of Archambault in 2009 for the first Forever 21 store in Quebec. In June 2012, Sephora opened its flagship boutique in the former spaces of Jacob and Guess.

</doc>
<doc id="2876775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876775" title="Belvoir, Leicestershire">
Belvoir, Leicestershire

Belvoir is a village and civil parish in the Melton district of Leicestershire, England. It is close to the county boundary, the nearest town being Grantham in Lincolnshire, eight miles (13 km) east of the village.
The parish includes the villages of Belvoir, Knipton and Harston. Nearby places outside the parish are Woolsthorpe by Belvoir, Redmile, and Croxton Kerrial.
The village is the site of Belvoir Castle and so gives its name to the Vale of Belvoir.

</doc>
<doc id="2876779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876779" title="Zsófia Torma">
Zsófia Torma

Zsófia Torma (September 26, 1832 – November 14, 1899) was a Hungarian archaeologist, anthropologist and paleontologist.
Torma was born in Csicsókeresztúr (today Cristeștii Ciceului), Hunyad County, Hungary (today Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania). She was mostly self-educated. The symbols and scripts on clay objects she found during an excavation in Hunedoara County were an archaeological sensation. She also found artifacts of the 6,000–7,000-year old Tordos culture, some of which were covered with signs resembling a system of writing.
Her most well-known work, the "Ethnographische Analogien", was published in Jena in 1894.
Torma had an important role in the founding of the National Museum of Transylvanian History of Kolozsvár (Cluj-Napoca), to which she left her archaeological collection in her will. She was the first female to become an honorary doctor in Kolozsvári m. kir. Ferencz József Tudomány Egyetem Bölcsészeti kara, what is today Babeș-Bolyai University, on May 24, 1899. She died in Szászváros (Orăştie) in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="2876780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876780" title="Galera railway station">
Galera railway station

Galera is the third highest railway station in the Western Hemisphere with an elevation of 4,777 m (15,681 ft). 
Overview.
It is situated in the Andes in Peru at km 172.7 on the Ferrocarril Central Andino (FCCA) line from Lima to Huancayo, immediately east of the 1.2 km (6860 ft) Galera summit tunnel (4,783 m (15,694 ft) above sea level).
The standard gauge line through the station was opened in 1893. In the years 1992-2003 it was out of use as was the whole line through this point because of the terrorist threat by the group Sendero Luminoso. There are now no regular passenger services on the FCCA.
Its place in the league table of the world's highest stations was surpassed by the opening in 2006 of the Qinghai–Tibet Railway's Tanggula railway station in the Tanggula Mountains, Tibet, which at 5,068 m is the world's highest railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="2876782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876782" title="2003–04 in Argentine football">
2003–04 in Argentine football

The 2003-04 Argentine First Division season saw Boca Juniors ecstatic after a title run that also included the Intercontinental Cup. River Plate stole the Clausura leaving hated rival Boca Juniors looking up from second place.
Four teams were relegated, Chacarita, Nueva Chicago, Atlético de Rafaela and Talleres de Córdoba. The first two lost a direct relegation, their places occupied by Club Almagro and Instituto de Córdoba. The last two lost their "promotion" games against Huracán de Tres Arroyos and Argentinos Juniors, respectively.
Torneo Clausura (""Closing"" Tournament).
Relegation.
"Promoción" Playoff.
Huracán de Tres Arroyos wins 5-3 and is promoted to Argentine First Division.
Atlético Rafaela is relegated to the Argentine Nacional B.
<br>
Argentinos Juniors wins 4-2 and is promoted to Argentine First Division.
Talleres de Córdoba is relegated to the Argentine Nacional B.
National team.
This section covers Argentina's games from August 1, 2003 to July 31, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2876787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876787" title="Thomas van Aalten">
Thomas van Aalten

Thomas van Aalten (born September 26, 1978, in Huissen, Gelderland) is a Dutch writer. He made his debut with a story in the literary magazine "Zoetermeer", at the age of 19. Van Aalten has written the novels "Sneeuwbeeld" (2000), "Tupelo" (2001), "Sluit Deuren en Ramen" (2003), "Coyote" (2006) and "De Onderbreking" (2009) and several articles for magazines such as 3VOOR12, Passionate, VARA TV Magazine, Revu and Vrij Nederland. Van Aalten's style is characterized by absurd dialogues, creepy atmospheres and strange characters. He is a F.C. St. Pauli enthusiast and fan of rock music like Motörhead, The Sisters of Mercy. Van Aalten also often works together with Berlin based burlesque filmmaker Edwin Brienen. 
His 'fifth novel' was a stunt; "Exile" appeared only on a mobile phone after sending an SMS text message. The story contained comments on the abuse of new technologies. 

</doc>
<doc id="2876788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876788" title="Gilcomston South Church">
Gilcomston South Church

Gilcomston South Church is a congregation, formerly in the Church of Scotland. The recently refurbished church buildings are located on Union Street, Aberdeen.
Overview.
The church almost closed during World War II, but a subsequent new approach proved controversial but ultimately highly influential. The church became one of the Church of Scotland’s most notable evangelical congregations, with a strong emphasis on biblically based expository preaching. The Rev William Still, minister of the congregation 1945-1997, developed this approach and gained international recognition. The systematic preaching of the entire bible, verse-by-verse and chapter-by-chapter, was then an innovation in the Church of Scotland; some others have subsequently copied this approach. The Rev William Still was close friends with the brothers Rev James Philip of Holyrood Abbey Church in Edinburgh and Rev George Philip of Sandyford Henderson Memorial Church in Glasgow, where similar approaches in ministry were also developed. William Still never married.
This Aberdeen church is well attended, especially by students responding to this distinctive type of Christian ministry and witness. The current minister (since 1998) is the Rev Dominic Smart. In June 2011, Rev Dominic Smart indicated that the congregation were considering leaving the Church of Scotland due to the General Assembly's decision to move towards the ordination of homosexuals to the ministry. [http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/2011/06/10/scots-congregation-set-to-quit-the-kirk-over-gay-minister-row-86908-23191987/] In February 2013 the Rev Dominic Smart announced on the church website that he was leaving the Church of Scotland. The Elders and almost the entire membership also left the Church of Scotland, and formed an independent congregation with the Minister which rents the buildings back from the Church of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="2876791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876791" title="Melton and Belvoir Rural District">
Melton and Belvoir Rural District

Melton and Belvoir Rural District was a rural district of Leicestershire, England, from 1935 to 1974.
It was formed in 1935 from the merger of the Melton Mowbray Rural District and the Belvoir Rural District, with part going to Melton Mowbray urban district also.
In 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972 the district merged with the Melton urban district to form the new non-metropolitan district of Melton.

</doc>
<doc id="2876798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876798" title="San Marino Calcio">
San Marino Calcio

San Marino Calcio is a Sanmarinese football club based in Serravalle. 
The club was founded in 1960 as S.S. Serenissima ("Società Sportiva Serenissima"). Serenissima merged with S.S. Juvenes in 1973, changing its name to A.C. San Marino ("Associazione Calcio San Marino") and in 1988–89 to its current name, San Marino Calcio.
Currently it plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
History.
The club was founded as Società Sportiva Serenissima in 1960 by the San Marino Football Federation, in order to have a team representing the Republic of San Marino in the Italian league. The club was later purchased by Sanmarinese and Italian entrepreneurs. 
The foundation year is still disputed, mainly due to another team sponsored (but not owned) by the San Marino Football Federation, called Libertas-Tre Penne, having taken part in the Italian championship in 1959. The crest of Tre Penne is still visible on that of San Marino Calcio. Serenissima also inherited Libertas-Tre Penne's colors.
San Marino Calcio is the only professional football team in the Republic of San Marino that is allowed to play exclusively in the Italian football league system. Since the San Marino Football League is completely amateur, the club is also the only professional team in the Republic. Another team from San Marino, A.C. Juvenes/Dogana, competed in both the amateur levels of Italian football and in the Sanmarinese league in the past, but has since withdrawn from the FIGC.
Early years.
A.C. San Marino began playing in 1960 in the Seconda Categoria, since the Terza Categoria did not exist in the Italian football league system at that time. After being promoted from the Seconda and Prima Categoria, the team began playing in the higher level, the Promozione before being relegated to the Prima Categoria in the 1976–77 season. They continued to play in the Prima Categoria for the next four seasons until they won the championship and were promoted to the Promozione again in the 1979–80 season. A.C. San Marino's stay in the Promozione was short lived, however; within two seasons they were relegated to the Prima Categoria. 
The team established themselves as a yo-yo club as they were once again promoted to the Promozione as champions in the 1984–85 season. The team then saw back-to-back championships as they won the Promozione the following season, and were promoted for the first time to the Serie D, the highest amateur league in Italy. San Marino's success continued as they finished in second place in Serie D in the 1986–87 season, a championship they went on to win in the following year. In the 1988–89 season, the team appeared in the lowest level of the Italian professional league (Serie C2) for the first time. 
In 1988 A.C. San Marino became a joint stock company and changed its name from A.C. San Marino to San Marino Calcio. The renamed team was relegated to Serie D in the 1989–90 season after finishing second-last in Serie C2. After finishing 17th in the 1991–92 season San Marino Calcio were relegated again, this time to the Eccellenza, but were again promoted to Serie D in the 1992–93 season. In the 1995–96 season San Marino Calcio were relegated to the Eccellenza again after a three-year stay in Serie D, but they were again promoted in the 1996–97 season. 
The club's success was due in part to the appointment of the San Marino national football team manager Giampaolo Mazza, who led them to two non-consecutive Eccellenza championships. In the 1999–2000 season San Marino Calcio were promoted to the Serie C2 as champions of Serie D.
Post millennium.
San Marino Calcio began the new millennium in the fourth level of Italian professional football, receiving a major boost with the arrival of the legendary San Marino international Andy Selva. Napoli (old Napoli which bankrupted in 2004) also takeover the club as investor in 2000 but re-sold in November 2002. San Marino Calcio consolidated their place in Serie C2 by finishing in the top half of the league standings for the next three seasons. The team was able to reach the 2003–04 play-off final, but was defeated, and remained in Serie C2 after finishing fourth in the league. San Marino Calcio's 2004–05 season was more successful: they were victorious in the play-off final, and thus reached Lega Pro Prima Divisione (formerly Serie C1) for the first time. This is the highest level the team has ever reached in its history. The team was relegated again to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione during the 2006–07 season. 
In December 2006 Werther Cornieti, the chairman of the club, left due to controversial allegations and criticism during a sports broadcast. Daniele De Luigi was later confirmed as the new chairman of San Marino Calcio. 
Their away kit consists of a white shirt with dark blue inserts, white shorts, and black socks. 
San Marino Calcio released a third kit for merchandising, which consists of a red shirt with dark blue inserts, red shorts, and red socks.
The golden frame of their badge contains the team name and the phrase ""Titanus aggressurus Olympum"", which refers to the Titans in Greek mythology. Pictured in the center of the badge is a Titan. In Italian, the word ""Titan"" signifies both the race of mythological gods and Monte Titano, the highest point in San Marino. The left-hand circle represents the badge of Tre Penne, one of San Marino Calcio's two founding teams, and the right-hand circle represents the old San Marino Calcio badge.
Stadio Olimpico.
The Stadio Olimpico is the home of San Marino Calcio in Serravalle and was constructed in 1969. It is also home to the San Marino national football team and, in the past, to the Serravalle-based football club A.C. Juvenes/Dogana. The Stadio Olimpico is an all-seater stadium and has a capacity of 7,000.
Honours.
Serie C2
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione
Serie D
Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna
Promozione Emilia-Romagna
Prima Categoria

</doc>
<doc id="2876802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876802" title="Predictive Model Markup Language">
Predictive Model Markup Language

The Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) is an XML-based file format developed by the Data Mining Group to provide a way for applications to describe and exchange models produced by data mining and machine learning algorithms. It supports common models such as logistic regression and feedforward neural networks.
Since PMML is an XML-based standard, the specification comes in the form of an XML schema.
PMML Components.
A PMML file can be described by the following components:
PMML 4.0, 4.1 and 4.2.
PMML 4.0 was released on June 16, 2009.
Examples of new features included:
PMML 4.1 was released on December 31, 2011.
New features included:
The latest version of PMML, 4.2, was released on February 28, 2014. 
New features include:

</doc>
<doc id="2876803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876803" title="Mio, My Son">
Mio, My Son

Mio, My Son is a children's book by Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren. It was first published in 1954 in Sweden, with the Swedish title Mio, min Mio. The writing is stylised and the story strongly reminiscent of traditional fairy tales and folklore. It received a German Youth Literature Prize ("Deutschen Jugendbuchpreis") in 1956.
Plot.
"Mio, My Son" starts by introducing Bo Vilhelm Olsson ("Bosse"), a young boy who has been adopted by an elderly couple who dislike boys. They harass him, and tell him to stay out of their way. One day he receives an apple from the kindly shopkeeper, Mrs. Lundin, who asks him to mail a postcard for her. He mails the postcard, but not before he has thrown a glance at it. It is addressed to a king, and it says that his son will soon be coming home, recognized by his possession of a golden apple. Bosse looks at his apple and suddenly it turns into gold.
Soon after, Bosse finds a bottle with a genie trapped inside. Upon freeing it, the genie recognises the apple and takes Bosse to another world, far, far away.
Upon arriving, Bosse is told that his real name is Mio, and that he is son of the king and thus prince of the land. He finds a new best friend, Jum-Jum, and receives the horse Miramis from his father. However, he soon learns that not everything in this world is as wonderful as it first seemed. In the lands beyond that of the king lives an evil knight named Kato, whose hatred is so strong that the land around his castle is barren and singed. He has kidnapped several children from the nearby villages, and he poses a constant threat to the people living there.
Mio is told that his destiny is to fight Kato, even though he is only a child. Together with Jum-Jum and Miramis, Mio sets out on a perilous journey into the land of Kato, as the stories have foreseen for thousands and thousands of years.
In the American version, Mio is first called Karl Anders Nilsson, nicknamed Andy, and Jum-Jum's name is Pompoo.
Themes.
Central themes in the story focus on friendship granting strength to endure hardships, that it is sometimes necessary to leave a safe situation and put oneself at risk for a greater cause, and that evil often coincides with unhappiness.
Literary significance and reception.
"Mio, My Son" is Lindgren's first high fantasy novel. Her subsequent contributions to this genre include "The Brothers Lionheart" (1973) and "Ronia the Robber's Daughter" (1981).
Film version.
In 1987, the book was adapted for film as "Mio in the Land of Faraway". Filmed in English and dubbed in Swedish and Russian, the film starred Nicholas Pickard as Mio, Christian Bale as Jum-Jum, Christopher Lee as Kato, and Timothy Bottoms as the King.

</doc>
<doc id="2876807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876807" title="They Would Never Hurt a Fly">
They Would Never Hurt a Fly

They Would Never Hurt a Fly () is a 2004 historical non-fiction novel by Slavenka Drakulić discussing the personalities of the war criminals on trial in the Hague that destroyed the former Yugoslavia (see International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia). Drakulić uses certain trials of alleged criminals with subordinate power to further examine and understand the reasoning behind their misconducts. Most of those discussed are already convicted. In her book, Drakulić does not cover Radovan Karadžić, however, Slobodan Milošević and his wife each rate their own chapter, and Ratko Mladić is portrayed as a Greek tragic figure. There are no pictures, although the physical appearances of the characters are continuously mentioned.
Synopsis.
"They Would Never Hurt a Fly" begins with an introductory section explaining Drakulić's purpose in the book as well as her choice in characters. She explains that she wants to learn more about their personalities in order to justify how the Yugoslavian war arose. Drakulić describes the war as an unexpected tragedy that embarked on innocent civilians within the boundaries of Yugoslavia - specifically Bosnia. As the book begins to unravel descriptive profiles of different war criminals, Drakulić elucidates that these criminals were not completely monsters, but ordinary people who committed crimes due to the circumstances they were in. She takes this stance not to sympathize with them, but because "the war itself turned ordinary men [...] into criminals because of opportunism, fear and, not least, conviction." By treating such people as criminals without understanding their background, she argues, put them in a different class of people that they could never be a part of. As a result, they refuse to believe that themselves, their neighbours or their co-workers could commit such acts. Many of the perpetrators actually regard themselves as heroes rather than criminals and only regret "that they have been stupid enough to get caught or being tricked into surrendering." This argument is mirrored with political theorist Hannah Arendt's thesis on the "Banality of Evil".
The book ends noting the strange coexistence that the accused war criminals have together in the Scheveningen prison in The Hague. Despite containing people who had committed atrocities at all levels, there was only one incident that occurred when Slobodan Milošević was first brought to the "detention unit". Despite this, most of those convicted put aside their nationality and their ethnic backgrounds, and formed alliances based on brotherhood and friendship. As Irish director of the "unit," Timothy McFadden argues the accused are held as innocent until proven guilty, and thus are treated to better living conditions than any other prison in Europe, and possibly the world. They can watch television shows in their own language (via satellite) enclosed in their fairly spacious cells, have visitors as frequently as they would like, take a variety of classes, and so on. Drakulić notes the disparity between their living conditions and the crimes they are accused of, then ends by questioning the aim of the war if the greatest architects of it can get along with no animosity or patriotic feelings behind closed doors. The answer, she concludes, is that it was ultimately for nothing.
Reception.
"They Would Never Hurt a Fly" has received an array of mixed reactions from several users on Amazon, The Guardian and Goodreads. Many feel the book depicts strong, horrific images of events that occurred during the war, while others felt the book was an eyeopener to such events. Critics claim Drakulić uses her experiences as a Croatian to explain these occurrences as they happened from her perspective. Others, such as Margaret from "Goodreads" asserts that it is "a satisfying (if abbreviated) account of one woman's personal understanding of the trials and criminals of her fellow countrymen, and speculation about the hows and whys of the crimes that were committed." Blogger Pamela Crossland from "Curled Up With A Good Book" remarks that it is "a painful, thoughtful book on war crimes and those who were accused and, in some cases, convicted of those crimes. It would be hard to find a more pertinent book for our times." 

</doc>
<doc id="2876815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876815" title="Department of the Pacific">
Department of the Pacific

The Department of the Pacific or Pacific Department was a major command (Department) of the United States Army during the 19th century.
Formation.
The Department of the Pacific was created on October 31, 1853, at San Francisco, California, replacing the older Pacific Division, (1848-53) and abolishing the existing 10th (California) and 11th (Oregon) Departments, consolidating them within the new Department. The department reported directly to the headquarters of the Army in Washington, D.C.. It oversaw the military affairs in the country west of the Rocky Mountains (California, Oregon Territory, and Washington Territory), except for the Utah Territory and the Territory of New Mexico east of the 110th meridian west, (thus including most of modern Arizona and southern Nevada). 
On September 2, 1854, the headquarters was moved to Benicia Barracks, in Benicia, California. 
From 1855-57 the Puget Sound District was organized. 
In January 1857, the headquarters again returned to San Francisco. 
On January 14, 1858, the Utah Territory was placed within the Department but soon removed into the Department of Utah, in 1858, that remained until 1861.
Disbandment.
On September 13, 1858, the Department of the Pacific was disbanded, replaced by two new departments: the Department of California and the Department of Oregon. The Department of California included the territory west of the Rockies, the Umpqua and Rogue River districts in Oregon, Utah and New Mexico. The Department of Oregon included the Oregon and Washington Territories.
Reborn in the Civil War.
During the American Civil War the army again reorganized, and on January 15, 1861, the independent Pacific Department was reconstituted by consolidating the Departments of California and Oregon. The first commander of the new Department of the Pacific was Colonel (Brevet Brigadier General) Albert Sidney Johnston who was later to become a prominent General in the Confederate Army.
Districts.
The Department of the Pacific had six subordinate military districts during the Civil War:
Reorganized out of existence.
On July 27, 1865 the Military Division of the Pacific was created under Major General Henry W. Halleck, replacing the Department of the Pacific, consisting of the Department of the Columbia that now consisted of the state of Oregon and the territories of Washington and Idaho and the expanded Department of California that now consisted of the states of California and Nevada and the Territory of New Mexico and Territory of Arizona.
Remade for the Philippine Expedition.
On 30 May 1898, Gen. Wesley Merritt established in San Francisco the Headquarters, US Expeditionary Forces and Department of the Pacific for the campaign to support Adm. Dewey's forces in the Philippines during the Spanish American War.
At the end of March 1900 the complexities involved in dealing with the guerrillas and governing the islands led to the transformation of what had been the Department of the Pacific into the Philippine Department with four geographical departments, each of which was, in turn, divided into military districts. This step brought an end to the VIII Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="2876816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876816" title="Erc of Dalriada">
Erc of Dalriada

Erc was king of Irish Dál Riata until 474. He was the father of Fergus Mór and Loarn mac Eirc, and may have been the great-grandfather of Muirchertach mac Muiredaig. Confusion arises from the latter's matronym, Macc Ercae, said to come from his legendary mother Erca, daughter of Loarn mac Eirc. She married Muiredach mac Eógain. According to the Duan Albanach and the Senchus Fer n-Alban Erc of Dál Riata's father was Eochaid Muinremuir, son of Fedlimid, son of Oengus, son of another Fedlimid, son of Senchormaich, son of Cruitlinde, son of Findfece, son of Archircir, son of Eochaid Antoit, son of Fiacha Cathmail, son of Cairbre Riata, son of Conaire Cóem and Saraid ingen Chuinn.
Suggestions that he was identical with Muiredach mac Eógain and thus belonged to the Uí Néill are based on late sources, such as the Annals of the Four Masters. In fact the Dál Riata are considered Érainn or Darini and claimed to be descendants of the famous Érainn king Conaire Mór. It is typical in late genealogies for unrelated peoples or those only related through marriage to be worked into a single genealogical scheme and all be made descendants of the same legendary founder.
Erc is significant as he has been traditionally regarded as the ancestor, through his son Fergus Mor, of the kings of Dalriada, and through them the Kings of Scotland, but more recently much of this tradition has been questioned.

</doc>
<doc id="2876828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876828" title="Laser Hawk">
Laser Hawk

Laser Hawk was a classic video game released in 1989 in England for Atari 8-bit computers. It was created in Dunedin, New Zealand and released by Red Rat Software. The programmer was Andrew Bradfield. Graphics were created by Harvey Kong Tin. This game featured the use of the player-missile graphics. This same programming team was responsible for its follow-up game Hawkquest.

</doc>
<doc id="2876832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876832" title="Mail plane">
Mail plane

A mail plane is an aircraft used for carrying mail.
Aircraft that were purely mail planes existed almost exclusively prior to World War II. Because early aircraft were too underpowered to carry cargoes, and too costly to run any "economy class" passenger-carrying service, the main civilian role for aircraft was to carry letters faster than previously possible. In 1934, some mail services in the USA were operated by the United States Army Air Corps, soon ending in the Air Mail scandal.
In the past, mail-carrying aircraft had to carry a special official emblem on the fuselages; in case of British-registered aircraft, a special "Royal Air Mail pennant" (a blue triangular flag with a crowned bugle emblem in yellow and the letters "ROYAL AIR MAIL" in white) would sometimes be flown as well.
From the late 1940s, mail planes became increasingly rare, as the increasing size of aircraft and economics dictated a move towards bulk carriage of mail onboard airline flights, and this remains the primary method today. Parcel mail, overnight mail and priority mail, however, are still carried aboard what may be considered the spiritual successors of classic, pre-war mail planes; small, general aviation aircraft that have been adapted to the role, with the Cessna 208 and Piper PA-31 Navajo being among the most popular. Cargo airline operators, such as UPS and FedEx, also carry mail along with bulk cargo, aboard converted airliners.

</doc>
<doc id="2876834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876834" title="Heath–Jarrow–Morton framework">
Heath–Jarrow–Morton framework

The Heath–Jarrow–Morton (HJM) framework is a general framework to model the evolution of interest rate curve – instantaneous forward rate curve in particular (as opposed to simple forward rates). When the volatility and drift of the instantaneous forward rate are assumed to be deterministic, this is known as the Gaussian Heath–Jarrow–Morton (HJM) model of forward rates . For direct modeling of simple forward rates the Brace–Gatarek–Musiela model represents an example.
The HJM framework originates from the work of David Heath, Robert A. Jarrow, and Andrew Morton in the late 1980s, especially "Bond pricing and the term structure of interest rates: a new methodology" (1987) – working paper, Cornell University, and "Bond pricing and the term structure of interest rates: a new methodology" (1989) – working paper (revised ed.), Cornell University. It has its critics, however, with Paul Wilmott describing it as "...actually just a big rug for to be swept under".
Framework.
The key to these techniques is the recognition that the drifts of the no-arbitrage evolution of certain variables can be expressed as functions of their volatilities and the correlations among themselves. In other words, no drift estimation is needed.
Models developed according to the HJM framework are different from the so-called short-rate models in the sense that HJM-type models capture the full dynamics of the entire forward rate curve, while the short-rate models only capture the dynamics of a point on the curve (the short rate).
However, models developed according to the general HJM framework are often non-Markovian and can even have infinite dimensions. A number of researchers have made great contributions to tackle this problem. They show that if the volatility structure of the forward rates satisfy certain conditions, then an HJM model can be expressed entirely by a finite state Markovian system, making it computationally feasible. Examples include a one-factor, two state model (O. Cheyette, "Term Structure Dynamics and Mortgage Valuation", "Journal of Fixed Income," 1, 1992; P. Ritchken and L. Sankarasubramanian in "Volatility Structures of Forward Rates and the Dynamics of Term Structure", "Mathematical Finance", 5, No. 1, Jan 1995), and later multi-factor versions.
Mathematical formulation.
The class of models developed by Heath, Jarrow and Morton (1992) is based on modeling the forward rates, yet it does not capture all of the complexities of an evolving term structure.
The instantaneous forward rate formula_1 is the continuous compounding rate available at time formula_2 as seen from time formula_3. It is defined by:
The basic relation between the rates and the bond prices is given by:
Consequently, the bank account formula_4 grows according to:
since the spot rate at time formula_5 is formula_6.
The assumption of the HJM model is that the forward rates formula_7 satisfy for any formula_2:
where the processes formula_9 are continuous and adapted.
For this assumption to be compatible with the assumption of the existence of martingale measures we need the following relation to hold:
We find the return on the bond in the HJM model and compare it (5) to obtain models that do not allow for arbitrage.
Let 
Then 
Using Leibniz's rule for differentiating under the integral sign we have that:
where
formula_10
By Itō's lemma,
It follows from (5) and (9), we must have that
Rearranging the terms we get that
Differentiating both sides with respect to formula_2, we have that
Equation (13) is known as the no-arbitrage condition in the HJM model. Under the martingale probability measure formula_12 and the equation for the forward rates becomes:
This equation is used in pricing of bonds and its derivatives.

</doc>
<doc id="2876846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876846" title="Samuel W. Hale">
Samuel W. Hale

Samuel Whitney Hale (April 2, 1823 – October 16, 1891) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. He served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives and as the 39th Governor of New Hampshire.
Early life and career.
Hale was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, the son of Samuel and Saloma Hale. He attended public schools in Fitchburg before moving to Dublin, New Hampshire in 1845 to work in manufacturing. Hale moved to Keene, New Hampshire around 1859 to continue working in manufacturing.
In 1866, he was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where he served until 1867. He served on the Governor's Council from 1869 to 1870. In 1880, he was a delegate to the Republican National Convention. Hale was elected as the 39th Governor of New Hampshire in 1883. After serving one term, he retired from his political career and returned to his business ventures. 
Hale died in Keene on October 16, 1891 and is interred in the Greenlawn Cemetery in Keene,
Personal life.
Hale married Emelia M. Hay on June 13, 1850. They had two children, William Samuel Hale and Mary Louise Hale.

</doc>
<doc id="2876851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876851" title="Derrick Rostagno">
Derrick Rostagno

Derrick Rostagno (born October 25, 1965, in Hollywood, Los Angeles) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Career.
Rostagno turned professional in 1986. He won one top-level singles title (at New Haven in 1990) and one tour doubles title (at Tampa in 1993).
Rostagno's best performance at a Grand Slam event came at the 1988 US Open, where he reached the quarterfinals before being defeated by Ivan Lendl. At several other Grand Slam events, he defeated or almost defeated several tennis hall of famers. At Wimbledon in 1988, Rostagno lost a five-set third round match to Jimmy Connors, who at the time was ranked World No. 5. At the 1989 US Open, Rostagno had two straight match points in his second round encounter with Boris Becker, who won the second of those on a lucky net cord passing shot and eventually the match 1–6, 6–7, 6–3, 7–6, 6–3, en route to his lone US Open title. At Wimbledon in 1990, Rostagno defeated John McEnroe in straight sets in the first round. At Wimbledon in 1991, Rostagno defeated ninth ranked Pete Sampras in four sets in the second round and Connors in straight sets in the third round.
Rostagno finished his career with a 3–2 win-loss record versus McEnroe, winning their last three matches, and a 2–3 record versus Connors, winning their last two matches. Against other top players, Rostagno was 2–1 versus Sampras, 1–0 versus Yannick Noah, 1–1 versus Mats Wilander, 2–3 versus Lendl, 1–2 versus Becker, 3–6 versus Jim Courier, 0–1 versus Michael Chang, 0–1 versus Todd Martin, 0–2 versus Andre Agassi, and 0–4 versus Stefan Edberg.
Rostagno's career-high singles ranking was World No. 13, which he reached in 1991. His career prize-money earnings totaled US$1,621,535. He retired from the professional tour in 1996.
After retiring from the tour, Rostagno completed his undergraduate studies at Stanford University, obtained his MBA from UCLA and his Law degree from Loyola University. He is now a practicing lawyer in Los Angeles, California, actively engaged in civil litigation in the firm that bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="2876856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876856" title="Hawkquest">
Hawkquest

Hawkquest is a computer game released in 1989 in England for Atari 8-bit computers. It was created in Dunedin, New Zealand and released by Red Rat Software soon after Laser Hawk. The programmer was Andrew Bradfield. Graphics created by Havey Kong Tin. This game featured the use of the player-missile graphics. This same programming team was responsible for the game Laser Hawk.

</doc>
<doc id="2876862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876862" title="Mons Huygens">
Mons Huygens

Mons Huygens is the Moon's tallest mountain (but not its highest point). It is about 5.5 km high and is located in the Montes Apenninus. The Montes Apenninus were formed by the impact that created Mare Imbrium.

</doc>
<doc id="2876881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876881" title="1896–97 in Belgian football">
1896–97 in Belgian football

The 1896-1897 season was the second competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
Only one official league existed at the time. It was called "Coupe de Championnat" (Championship Cup) and was disputed between 6 teams since only one new team was admitted whereas the last two of the previous championship were withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="2876882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876882" title="Port Stanley Airport">
Port Stanley Airport

Port Stanley Airport is a STOLport in the Falkland Islands, outside the capital, Stanley. The airport is the only civilian airport in the islands with a paved runway. However, RAF Mount Pleasant, located to the west of Stanley, functions as the islands' main international airport, because it has a long runway and allows civilian flights. Port Stanley Airport is operated by the Government of the Falkland Islands, and is used for internal flights between the Islands and flights between the Falklands and Antarctica.
History.
Prior to 1972, there was no airport in the Falkland Islands with a paved runway, and all trips to the islands had to be undertaken by boat. However in the early 1970s, the Falkland Islands Company decided to withdraw its monthly supply ship to Montevideo, Uruguay, increasing the desirability of an air link to the South American mainland.
In 1971, the Argentine Air Force broke the islands' isolation starting with amphibious flights from Comodoro Rivadavia with Grumman HU-16B Albatross aircraft operated by LADE, Argentina's military airline.
In 1973, the United Kingdom signed a Communications Agreement with Argentina to fund an airstrip on the islands. Flights took place again from Comodoro Rivadavia, this time with Fokker F-28 aircraft. This service was maintained until 1982 representing the only connection to the islands. At first, these flights landed at a temporary airstrip at Hookers Point at the east end of Port Stanley where the runway was constructed of Pierced Runway Planking. This situation continued until 1978, when a storm tore up large areas of the runway, rendering it unusable. By this time however a permanent solution was in hand and on 1 May 1979 a new airport was opened at Cape Pembroke by Sir Vivian Fuchs with a 4000 foot paved runway. It immediately became home to FIGAS with its Islanders and Beavers.
The Royal Air Force also used the airport for flights to supply and reinforce the British military garrison when necessary.
Falklands War.
During the Falklands War of 1982, Argentine forces occupied the airport. The Argentine Air Force were unable to place their most advanced fighter jets at the base given the relatively short runway, and the risk of attack by the British. However, several air force FMA IA 58 Pucarás with Argentine Navy Aermacchi MB-339 and T-34 Mentor for close air support and air reconnaissance were based at the airport. The Pucarás were deployed against the British land forces, shooting down a Westland Scout and the Aermacchis against the British Fleet.
On May 1, 1982, the Royal Air Force bombed the airport in Operation Black Buck and several other raids were carried out by embarked Harriers. Through the conflict, the airport installations were attacked with 237 bombs, 1,200 shells by deployed Royal Navy ships and 16 missiles. The 42 1,000-lb bombs dropped by the two Black Buck missions left twin strings of craters which are still visible on satellite photos of the airport today. However, none of these attacks ever put the airfield out of action entirely, and even both Black Buck raids only managed to score one direct hit on the runway, which was repaired sufficiently to allow for C-130 Hercules, Lockheed L-188 Electra and Fokker F-28 transport aircraft to resume night supply flights within 48 hours. These flights continued to bring supplies, weapons, vehicles, and fuel, and airlift out the wounded right until the end of the conflict. The Argentines left the runway covered with piles of earth during the day, leading to claims this caused British intelligence to surmise that repairs were still in progress and misleading the British as to the condition of the airfield and the success of their raids. In fact, the British were well aware that C-130 flights continued to use the airfield and attempted to interdict these flights leading to the loss of a C-130 on 1 June, which was not, however, engaged in any resupply mission.
During the war the Argentines also heavily mined Yorke Bay to the north of the airport and Surf/Rookery Bays to the southeast with minimum metal mines under the presumption the British would attempt an amphibious landing on the east coast of East Falkland to quickly recapture both the airfield and Stanley in one fell swoop. However, these minefields proved unnecessary when the British opted instead to land at San Carlos on the west coast of East Falkland and attack overland towards Stanley. The beaches surrounding Port Stanley Airport remain heavily mined and will likely remain off-limits indefinitely, as demining has been deemed impractical due to the constantly drifting sand dunes and the disruption that would be done to the breeding colonies of the threatened Magellanic penguin, which continue to thrive on the beaches (being too light to set off the mines).
Post conflict.
After the war, the Royal Air Force took over the airport, renaming it RAF Stanley. Immediately after the conflict air defence of the Islands and garrison was carried out by Sea Harrier FRS.1s and Harrier GR.3s at RAF Stanley and from the aircraft carrier, , on standing patrol. The runway was extended, paved with aluminium planking and arrester equipment installed to allow RAF F4 Phantom fighters, initially some of those of No. 29 Squadron RAF, to be based on the island as air defence. The unit was known as "Phandet" until late 1983 when the detachment achieved squadron status following the rundown of No. 23 Squadron RAF in the UK and the resultant transfer of its "nameplate" from RAF Wattisham to the RAF Stanley unit. The Harrier detachment was renamed No. 1453 Flight and remained at RAF Stanley to provide standby air defence, in event of excessive crosswinds, until RAF Mount Pleasant was opened in 1985. In addition, long range Hercules transport aircraft of No. 1312 Flight, resident at RAF Stanley, provided tanker support for the Phantom fighters and transport for local (South Georgia) tasks.
In 1985, RAF Mount Pleasant opened and in April 1986 Port Stanley Airport returned to civilian use. The temporary aluminium planking runway extension was removed, bringing the runway down to its present length. Although flights from Chile by regional airline Aerovias DAP did use the airport in the early 1990s, for the most part external services have used RAF Mount Pleasant since it opened.
Current status.
The Falkland Islands Government Air Service (FIGAS) operates internal flights within the Falkland Islands from the airport. The British Antarctic Survey uses the airport for intercontinental flights to Rothera Research Station in Antarctica.
Stanley Airport is used by internal flights and provides connections to British bases in Antarctica.
FIGAS Destinations.
East Falklands:
West Falklands:

</doc>
<doc id="2876888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876888" title="Falkirk East (UK Parliament constituency)">
Falkirk East (UK Parliament constituency)

Falkirk East was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 until 2005. It was largely replaced by Linlithgow and East Falkirk, with some of its territory going to the new Falkirk constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="2876890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876890" title="California State Route 193">
California State Route 193

State Route 193 is a split-section California State Highway consisting of two sections: an east–west arterial road running from Lincoln to Newcastle, just west of Auburn. The other section is a loop to the east off Route 49, heading eastward from Cool to Georgetown, then turning south to rejoin Route 49 just north of Placerville.
Route description.
SR 193 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
SR 193 begins at the eastern city limits of Lincoln. The route formerly began at a junction with what was then SR 65 (now Lincoln Boulevard) in Lincoln, and was known as McBean Park Drive (SR 65 has since relocated to a new bypass alignment). The portion within the city of Lincoln was relinquished to the city in February 2011. After leaving the city of Lincoln, SR 193 becomes known as Lincoln Newcastle Highway and enters rural Placer County. A few miles later, SR 193 passes over the tunnel containing Taylor Road before heading east on Taylor Road to an interchange with I-80 in Newcastle.
SR 193 runs concurrently on I-80 eastbound into the city of Auburn, where it then leaves I-80 and runs concurrently with SR 49. These concurrencies are unsigned. SR 193 resumes as Georgetown Road, heading east from SR 49, the town of Cool, and the Auburn State Recreation Area. The highway passes through the towns of Fords Corner, Greenwood, and Georgetown before turning south and encountering the town of Kelsey after several miles. SR 193 terminates at the northern city limits of Placerville at its second junction with SR 49.

</doc>
<doc id="2876893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876893" title="Live Cream">
Live Cream

Live Cream (also called Live Cream, Volume 1) is a live compilation album by the English rock band Cream, released in 1970. This album comprises four live tracks recorded in 1968 and one studio track "Lawdy Mama" from 1967. The instrumental track for "Lawdy Mama" is the same as heard on "Strange Brew" with a different vocal and guitar solo by Eric Clapton.
"Live Cream" hit No. 15 on the "Billboard" 200, and made No. 4 on the UK Top 40.
Critical reception.
In a 1970 review, "Rolling Stone" magazine called "Live Cream" "an excellent album" and "well-recorded, controlled, and tense; the timing of the band can capture the listener with an excitement that has nothing to do with nostalgia". Paul Kresh of "Stereo Review" called it "a strangely uneven set of performances" highlighted by the "studio-made" "Lawdy Mama", which he called "three minutes of truly exciting music." He described the album as "disappointing jazz/rock" with excellent recording and stereo quality, particularly "superb" remixing by Adrian Barber, and felt that the longer tracks "suffer from interludes of aimlessness", but are generally "very good".
In a retrospective review, Allmusic's Bruce Eder gave "Live Cream" four out of five stars and said that it "could well be their most consistently brilliant album for sheer musicianship", despite only featuring songs from Cream's "least ambitious and most rudimentary album" "Fresh Cream" (1966). Eder found the group's interplay throughout the jams "fascinating" and asserted that "performances like this single-handedly raised the stakes of musicianship in rock." However, Robert Christgau gave the album a "C+" and said that, despite side one's "unmistakable and attractive" intensity, he prefers "Clapton's graceful picking on "Fresh Cream"s 'Sleepy Time Time' over the flat-out distortions here". J. D. Considine, writing in "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004), gave it two out of five stars and wrote that both "Live Cream" and its second volume are "muddled leftovers released solely to cash in on the band's enduring popularity."
Personnel.
"Per liner notes"

</doc>
<doc id="2876894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876894" title="Frederick W. M. Holliday">
Frederick W. M. Holliday

Frederick William Mackey Holliday (February 22, 1828May 20, 1899) was a member of the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War and the 38th Governor of Virginia from 1878 to 1882.
Biography.
Born in Winchester, Virginia, Holliday was the son of Dr. R.J. and Mary Catherine Taylor Holliday. He attended Winchester Academy and Yale University before earning degrees in philosophy, political economy, and law from the University of Virginia. He was the Commonwealth's Attorney for Frederick County, Virginia from 1861–65. 
During the Civil War, he served in the Stonewall Brigade in the Army of Northern Virginia. He began the war as the first captain of Company D, Mountain Rangers, of Winchester, which was part of the 33rd Virginia Regiment. During the Battle of Cedar Mountain, Holliday was wounded in his right arm, which then had to be amputated. He resigned from the military as a colonel on March 1, 1864, and was elected to the Second Confederate Congress.
Holliday won the election for Governor of Virginia in 1877 as a Conservative Democrat unopposed. Holliday began his term by breaking the established tradition of small inauguration ceremonies for Virginia governors. His ceremony included parades, bands, cannons, and an inaugural speech given to some 10,000 people.
Holliday traveled the world after his term as Governor. He died in 1899 and was buried in Mount Hebron Cemetery in Winchester, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2876898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876898" title="Chromium(III) picolinate">
Chromium(III) picolinate

Chromium(III) picolinate is a chemical compound sold as a nutritional supplement to prevent or treat chromium deficiency. Another is chromium polynicotinate, and six forms of chromium are sold for this purpose. This bright-red coordination compound is derived from chromium(III) and picolinic acid. Small quantities of chromium are needed for glucose utilization by insulin in normal health, but deficiency is extremely rare and has only been observed in hospital patients on long-term defined diets. No biochemical basis for the human body's need for chromium has been identified. Chromium(III) picolinate has been described as a "poor choice as a nutritional
supplement".
Health claims and debates.
A pilot trial of 15 patients suggested that chromium picolinate might have antidepressant effects in atypical depression. A larger follow-up trial failed to reproduce this effect, but indicated that the use of chromium picolinate could help to reduce carbohydrate cravings and regulate appetite in these patients. A post-hoc analysis of a subpopulation of patients in this study that experienced high carbohydrate cravings suggested that patients treated with chromium picolinate experienced significant improvements in their depression (as measured by the 29-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale) compared to those treated with a placebo. A more recent study focused on the effects of chromium picolinate supplementation on food intake and satiety. It indicated that chromium supplementation led to reduced cravings for fat, not carbohydrates.
Some commercial organizations promote chromium picolinate as an aid to body development for athletes and as a means of losing weight. But a number of studies have failed to demonstrate an effect of chromium picolinate on either muscle growth or fat loss.
There are claims that the picolinate form of chromium supplementation aids in reducing insulin resistance, particularly in diabetics, but a meta-analysis of chromium supplementation studies showed no association between chromium and glucose or insulin concentrations for non-diabetics, and inconclusive results for diabetics. This study has been challenged on the grounds that it excluded significant results. Subsequent trials gave mixed results, with one finding no effect in people with impaired glucose tolerance, but another seeing a small improvement in glucose resistance. A further study on obese adults with metabolic syndrome was published in 2009, this found no significant effect on insulin sensitivity, but increased short-term levels of insulin. The study also observed no effect on weight or serum lipids.
In a review of these trials it was again concluded that chromium supplements had no effect on healthy people, but that there might be an improvement in glucose metabolism in diabetics, although the authors stated that the evidence for this effect remains weak. However, opinions differ on this conclusion, a review published in 2006 argued that these data instead supported the clinical efficacy of chromium picolinate for the treatment of diabetes. In 2006, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration stated that the "relationship between chromium picolinate intake and insulin resistance is highly uncertain".
Initial concerns were raised that chromium picolinate is more likely to cause DNA damage and mutation than other forms of trivalent chromium, but these results are also debated. These concerns were based, in part, on studies in fruit flies, where chromium(III) picolinate supplementation generates chromosomal aberrations, impedes progeny development, and causes sterility and lethal mutations. However, other studies indicate that chromium picolinate is safe even at very high doses. In mice, one study observed that chromium(III) picolinate supplementation caused skeletal defects in their offspring. However, a two-year study of the long-term effects of this supplement in rats and mice found no effects on overall survival, or on the animal's body weight and food consumption, the authors of this review also found no toxicity beyond an increase in preputial gland adenoma which was tentatively considered equivocal.
Regulation of chromium III picolinate.
In 2004, the UK Food Standards Agency advised consumers to use other forms of trivalent chromium in preference to chromium picolinate until specialist advice was received from the Committee on Mutagenicity. This was due to concerns raised by the Expert Group on Vitamins and Minerals that chromium picolinate might cause cancer (its genotoxicity). The committee also noted two case reports of renal failure that might have been caused by this supplement and called for further research into its safety. In December 2004, the Committee on Mutagenicity published its findings, which concluded that "overall it can be concluded that the balance of the data suggest that chromium picolinate should be regarded as not being mutagenic in vitro" and that "the available in-vivo tests in mammals with chromium picolinate are negative.". Following these findings, the UK Food Standards Agency withdrew its advice to avoid chromium picolinate, though it plans to keep its advice about chromium supplements under review.
In 2010, chromium picolinate was approved by Health Canada to be used in dietary supplements. The monograph includes use in capsules, chewables (e.g. gummies, tablets), liquids, powders, strips or tablets. Approved labeling statements include: a factor in the maintenance of good health, provides support for healthy glucose metabolism, helps the body to metabolize carbohydrates and helps the body to metabolize fats.

</doc>
<doc id="2876901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876901" title="Rickmansworth School">
Rickmansworth School

Rickmansworth School (colloquially Ricky School), formerly Rickmansworth Grammar School, is a coeducational secondary school of around 1,200 pupils, situated in Croxley Green (Hertfordshire), near Rickmansworth.
Admissions.
Rickmansworth is a day secondary school, providing education to boys and girls aged 11 to 18 of all academic abilities, although 25% of the 11+ intake are selected using tests in mathematics and verbal reasoning, with a further 10% selected for aptitude in music. Most children are admitted at 11 and there is an additional intake at 16 into the Sixth Form.
Rickmansworth was self-governing and the governing body was responsible for the employment of staff, the admission of pupils, and all aspects of the organisation and running of the School. 
Location.
The school stands in twenty-six acres of Metropolitan Green Belt woodland situated in a residential area well served by road and rail, on the south side of the A412 near the Royal Masonic School. The M25 motorway is five minutes distant by car, and Croxley and Rickmansworth Metropolitan line stations are ten and fifteen minute walks respectively. Watford Junction station (National Rail to London Euston) is fifteen to twenty minutes by car.
History.
Grammar school.
Rickmansworth School, the fifth grammar school to be built after the war, was formally opened on 20 June 1956 by Countess Mountbatten of Burma, the first students having arrived in September 1954. In the mid-1960s it had around 950 boys and girls, and was situated in eighteen acres of land.
Comprehensive.
In September 1969 the school ceased to be academically selective and became fully comprehensive. The School was maintained as a county school by the Hertfordshire local education authority until September 1990, when it was among the first schools in the country to take advantage of the opportunity offered by grant-maintained status to become a self-governing school.
In 2003 the school was designated as a specialist Arts College, with a major focus on performing arts, and in April 2008 was awarded a second specialism as in Science. The school continues with the specialisms today.
Academy.
On 1 April 2011, Rickmansworth School officially converted to an academy.
House system.
From 2007, the school house system was reorganised. Formerly students were placed randomly in houses named after ex-teachers and later in houses named after local rivers: the Chess, Colne and Gade. Previous conventions had seen the houses named Anson, Carey, Caius, and Penn and a system with houses named after ancient civilisations : Romans, Spartans, Athenians and Trojans.
Now each of the seven forms in each year group belongs to a different house, each with a different colour which students are encouraged to wear on Sports Day. Houses are named after famous performers and artists in line with the school's performing arts status. The houses are Hockney, Ashton, McCartney, Elgar, Blake, Turner and Olivier.
Flora advertising campaign.
On 22 May 2007, the school's 7th, 8th and 9th years participated in a Flora advertising campaign whereby a photo of the three year groups was taken to be displayed on approximately 600 billboards around the UK, with text beneath likely saying "Two thirds of them will end up with raised cholesterol."
Mitchell and Webb.
The school appeared in an episode of the BBC comedy "That Mitchell and Webb Look" in the sketch "The Surprising Adventures of Sir Digby Chicken-Caesar", in which the heroic duo break into the house of an elderly woman, tie her up and pretend that they are visiting "Dear Auntie Marigold". They steal her television and are pursued. Ginger is beaten up. They break into Rickmansworth School and steal scientific equipment in order to make crystal meth.
Academic results.
Its standing in comparison with the national average is very favourable at GCSE level and A Level. Its results at GCSE and A level are similar to a grammar school.

</doc>
<doc id="2876906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876906" title="San Leon">
San Leon

San Leon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2876916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876916" title="Nicodemus Tessin the Elder">
Nicodemus Tessin the Elder

Nicodemus Tessin the Elder () (December 7, 1615 in Stralsund – May 24, 1681 in Stockholm) was an important Swedish architect.
Biography.
Nicodemus Tessin was born in Stralsund in Pomerania and came to Sweden as a young man. There he met and worked with the architect Simon de la Vallée. He worked for the Swedish Chancellor Axel Oxenstierna before he travelled for further studies to Germany, Italy, France and in the Netherlands, where he got to know the new Baroque style in architecture.
Back in Sweden he rebuild Borgholm Castle, then built Skokloster Castle and the Wrangel Palace in Stockholm. His most important work was Drottningholm Palace, now a world heritage site.
Upon his death his son Nicodemus Tessin the Younger continued his projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2876920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876920" title="Clóvis Bornay">
Clóvis Bornay

Clóvis Bornay (1916–2005) was a Brazilian museologist, actor, and maker of Carnival costumes for more than 40 years, which made him famous throughout the nation. He was born of Spanish and Swiss descent in Nova Friburgo, near Rio de Janeiro, where he died on October 10, 2005. Bornay was 89 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2876928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876928" title="Quebrada de Humahuaca">
Quebrada de Humahuaca

The Quebrada de Humahuaca is a narrow mountain valley located in the province of Jujuy in northwest Argentina, north of Buenos Aires (). It is about long, oriented north-south, bordered by the Altiplano in the west and north, by the Sub-Andean hills in the east, and by the warm valleys ("Valles Templados") in the south. 
The name "quebrada" (literally "broken") translates as a deep valley or ravine. It receives its name from Humahuaca, a small city of 11,000 inhabitants. The Grande River ("Río Grande"), which is dry in winter, flows copiously through the Quebrada in the summer.
The region has always been a crossroads for economic, social and cultural communication. It has been populated for 10,000 years, since the settlement of the first hunter-gatherers, which is evidenced by substantial prehistoric remains. It was a caravan road for the Inca Empire in the 15th century, then an important link between the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata and the Viceroyalty of Peru, as well as a stage for many battles of the Spanish War of Independence.
The Quebrada de Humahuaca was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2 July, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2876931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876931" title="Shmuel Dovid Halberstam">
Shmuel Dovid Halberstam

Rabbi Shmiel Dovid Halberstam, (), also known as the Sanz-Klausenberger Rebbe of Borough Park, is the younger son and one of the successors of Rabbi Yekusiel Yehudah Halberstam, the previous Klausenberger Rebbe. He resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Biography.
He is one of seven children born in his father's second marriage to Chaya Nechama Ungar, daughter of the Nitra Rav, Rabbi Shmuel Dovid Ungar. He was named after his mother's father, who died during the Holocaust. His older brother, Rabbi Zvi Elimelech Halberstam, is the Sanzer Rebbe of Israel, and he also has five sisters. He married Tzipora Weider, daughter of Rabbi Aharon Wieder, the Linzer Rav, who was a long-time dayan in the Klausenberger "beis din" (rabbinical court) in America.
Rabbi Halberstam is the leader of North American operations for the Mifal HaShas Torah study network founded by his father, and honoree president of the Kolel Chibas Yerushalayim charity organization in the name of Reb Meir Baal HaNess.
He is known for his effusive and lengthy prayers.

</doc>
<doc id="2876942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876942" title="1897–98 in Belgian football">
1897–98 in Belgian football

The 1897-1898 season was the third competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
Only one official league existed at the time. It was called "Coupe de Championnat" (Championship Cup) and was disputed between 5 teams as no new team was admitted.
No team was relegated this season since the FA decided to split the division into two leagues. Four new teams were thus admitted at the end of the season and they formed one of the two leagues: F.C. Brugeois (that had already played in the first competitive season), C.S. Brugeois, R.C. Gantois and F.C. Courtraisien.

</doc>
<doc id="2876944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876944" title="Law of Bermuda">
Law of Bermuda

The law of Bermuda is based on the common law legal system of England and Wales.
Immigration.
The main categories of resident in Bermuda are:
Judicial Officers.
The current Chief Justice of Bermuda is Ian Kawaley, who was appointed in 2012. Former Chief Justices include:
Resources and External Links.
As might be expected in a small jurisdiction, the best available resources are provided by a number of individuals and law firms:

</doc>
<doc id="2876945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876945" title="Streamlined Sales Tax Project">
Streamlined Sales Tax Project

The Streamlined Sales Tax Project (SSTP), first organized in March 2000, is intended to simplify and modernize sales and use tax collection and administration in the United States. It arose in response to efforts by Congress to permanently prohibit states from collecting sales tax on online commerce. Because such a ban would have serious financial consequences for states, the SSTP began as an effort to try to minimize the many differences between the states' sales tax policies and practices. The SSTP was dissolved once the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (SSUTA) became effective on October 1, 2005. 
Mission.
In prior decisions regarding mail-order sales, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1992 (in the case of Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, 504 U.S. 298) that mail-order retailers were not compelled to collect use tax and remit the tax to states, in part because of the complexities of doing so. With computers, however, the difficulties of doing so are much smaller today, so one remaining stumbling block lies in the variations among state sales taxes. Organizers of the SSTP hope that by ironing out differences among state taxation levels, they will remove a major roadblock to the collection of taxes on online sales and convince Congress and the courts to allow them to collect these taxes regularly. SSTP also strives to level the playing field so that local "brick-and-mortar" stores and remote sellers operate under the same rules. 
Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement.
The Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (SSUTA) focuses on four major requirements for simplification of state and local tax codes: 1) state level administration, 2) uniform tax base, 3) simplified tax rates, and 4) uniform sales sourcing rules. 
State-level administration
Under SSUTA, sales taxes will be remitted to a single state agency and business will no longer be required to submit multiple tax returns for each state in which they are conducting business. 
Uniform tax base
This would require each state to make their jurisdictions use the same tax base, meaning the same goods and services would be taxed or exempt the same way within each state. Each state would retain the choice of whether an item is taxable and at what rate.
Simplified tax rates
This would require the same tax rates be applied across a state's tax jurisdictions. There can be an exception rate for food and drugs.
Uniform sales sourcing rules
For in-state sales, the seller would be expected to collect the tax rate for the vendor location. This is defined as "origin" sourcing. For sales into a state from a remote seller, the vendor would collect the applicable statewide rate for the destination state. This is defined as "destination" sourcing.
Member states.
As of June 2011, there are 24 participating states in addition to Washington, D.C. The following states that have passed legislation to conform to the Streamlined Sale and Use Tax Agreement: Arkansas, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming
Certified service providers.
The SSTP is setting up a system by which Internet e-commerce companies can voluntarily pay state taxes to the states in which their customers reside. The incentive the SSTP is offering companies is that rather than try to work out how much tax a company owes for each locality, they can instead use a CSP (certified service provider). In addition, the states that are in compliance with SSUTA (member states) will offer advantages to those sellers who use a CSP. Six companies, SpeedTax, Avalara, Exactor, Taxware, AccurateTax, and FedTax, have been designated as certified service providers for the SST project.
Amnesty.
The Streamlined Sales Tax Project's amnesty program has caused a broad array of businesses to register using the SST system. To qualify for amnesty, a seller had to register through the SST website and remain registered for 36 months. In return for registration in all full-member states between 1 October 2005 and 30 September 2006, sellers' uncollected and unpaid sales and use taxes were completely forgiven for all periods before the registration. Registration in associate states was required within one year of those states becoming full members. This amnesty had several limits. It only applied to sales and use taxes from the seller in its capacity as a seller, not to such taxes due from the seller its capacity as a buyer. Taxes other than sales and uses taxes were not covered by this amnesty. Amnesty did not apply to any matters for which the seller had received an audit notice.
Political debate.
Editorials.
In an editorial published on 7 March 2011 the Hutchinson News of Kansas wrote, "Kansas has been wise to be among 24 states that are part of the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement. These states have made their sales tax rules and definitions uniform, creating an environment in which retailers can collect taxes on remote sales to these states. Computer software easily calculates sales tax for locations in these states." Moving on to the topic of how the current tax treatment of online sales affects traditional retailers the Hutchison News writes, "Besides the loss of tax revenue -- at a time when government least can afford a leaky tax collection bucket -- the failure to require sales taxes on Internet purchases remains a significant disadvantage for traditional brick-and-mortar businesses on our main streets. And it also makes a regressive tax even more so, because only those with credit cards and Internet access can do business online."

</doc>
<doc id="2876948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876948" title="Mahakavi Kalidasa">
Mahakavi Kalidasa

Mahakavi Kalidasa () is an Indian 1955 Kannada-language film directed by K. R. Seetharam Shastry. The film is based on the life of Kālidāsa, a famous poet who lived during the 4th and 5th Century CE. Honnappa Bhagavatar played the role of Kālidāsa in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="2876952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876952" title="Traudl Stark">
Traudl Stark

Traudl Stark (born March 17, 1930 in Vienna) was a child actor in German movies. She was born as Gertraude Marianne Münzel to the secretary Siegfried Stark and Margarete Münzel. Her parents married later. Between 1945 and 1947 she also acted on stage in Vienna. In 1948 she married Jack Elliot from Alabama and went with him to the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="2876953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876953" title="Andrew Bradfield">
Andrew Bradfield

Andrew "Andy" Bradfield (1966—September 21, 2001) was a computer programmer from New Zealand best known for his work on games for the Atari 8-bit series of computers. He created the classic games Hawkquest and Laser Hawk.
He died on September 21, 2001, aged 35, following a two-year battle with leukemia.

</doc>
<doc id="2876969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876969" title="Brangus">
Brangus

A Brangus is a hardy and popular breed of beef cattle, a cross between an Angus and a Brahman. An animal eligible for registration as a Brangus cattle is 5/8 Angus and 3/8 Brahman. (Brangus is a registered trademark of the IBBA)
History.
The effort to develop the Brangus breed began as early as 1912 and the first organization of Brangus breeders was chartered in 1949. A review of the development of the Brangus breed would take us back beyond the founding of the American Brangus Breeders Association in 1949; however, registered Brangus descend from the foundation animals recorded that year or registered Brahman and Angus cattle enrolled since then. Much of the early work in crossing Brahman and Angus cattle was done at the USDA Experiment Station in Jeanerette, Louisiana. According to the USDA 1935 Yearbook in Agriculture the research with these crosses started about 1932 
During the same period, Clear Creek Ranch of Welch, Oklahoma and Grenada, Mississippi, Raymond Pope of Vinita, Oklahoma, the Essar Ranch of San Antonio, Texas, and a few individual breeders in other parts of the United States and Canada were also carrying on private experimental breeding programs. They were looking for a desirable beef-type animal that would retain the Brahman's natural ability to thrive under adverse conditions.
The early breeders from 16 states and Canada met in Vinita, Oklahoma, on July 2, 1949, and organized the American Brangus Breeders Association, later renamed the International Brangus Breeders Association (IBBA), with headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri, and eventually San Antonio, Texas, where the permanent headquarters has been located since January, 1973. There are now members in nearly every state, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Central America, Argentina, and Zimbabwe in Africa.
Uses.
The Brangus breed was developed to the superior traits of Angus and Brahman cattle. Their genetics are stabilized at 3/8 Brahman and 5/8 Angus. The combination results in a breed which unites the traits of two highly successful parent breeds. The Brahman, through rigorous natural selection, developed disease resistance, overall hardiness and outstanding maternal instincts. Angus are known for their superior carcass qualities. They are also extremely functional females which excel in fertility and milking ability. 
Registered Brangus must be 3/8 Brahman and 5/8 Angus, solid black or red and polled. Both sire and dam must be recorded with the International Brangus Breeders Association. Foundation Angus and Brahman cattle must be registered in their respective breed association prior to being enrolled with the IBBA. Intermediate crosses necessary to reach the 3/8 - 5/8 percentage are certified by the IBBA. 
In recent years, the major portion of the Brangus registered are from Brangus parents, but an increasing number of foundation Brahman and Angus are being enrolled as the breed achieves greater recognition. Interest in developing breeds of cattle carrying some percentage of Brahman breeding for the general improvement of the commercial cattle of the United States speaks well for the apparent advantages that Bos indicus cattle have in areas of high heat and humidity. 
Research at Louisiana has indicated that Brangus cows increased their weights during the summer months while Angus cows lost weight, indicating that they were more adapted to coastal climates. Calves from Brangus were heavier at birth and weaning and for total pounds produced per cow. The Angus had an advantage in conception rate and calved earlier, and the calves were more vigorous at birth and survived better to weaning. 
The breed have proven resistant to heat and high humidity. Under conditions of cool and cold climate they seem to produce enough hair for adequate protection. The cows are good mothers and the calves are usually of medium size at birth. The cattle respond well to conditions of abundant feed but have exhibited hardiness under conditions of stress.
Additional information about all aspects of the Brangus breed and community is available through the International Brangus Breeders Association (IBBA).
References.
Briggs, H.M. & D.M. Briggs. Modern Breeds of Livestock. Fourth Edition. Macmillan Publishing Co. 1980 
International Brangus Breeders Association, San Antonio, TX.

</doc>
<doc id="2876973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876973" title="San Patricio">
San Patricio

San Patricio is Spanish for "Saint Patrick". As a name it may have several meanings:
Places:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="2876991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876991" title="Electronic Games">
Electronic Games

Electronic Games was the first dedicated video game magazine published in the United States and ran from October 1981 to 1997 under different titles. It was co-founded by Bill Kunkel and Arnie Katz, and is unrelated to the subsequent "Electronic Gaming Monthly".
History.
The magazine has its origins in “Arcade Alley”, a regular column in "Video" magazine that began in 1978 and was the first dedicated to video games. The column was written by Bill Kunkel along with Arnie Katz and Joyce Worley, before they went on to found "Electronic Games" magazine. The magazine was active from 1981, during the golden age of arcade video games and the second generation of consoles, up until 1985, following the North American video game industry crash. The magazine was briefly revived during the 16-bit era in the early 1990s, but eventually ended in 1995, at which point it was renamed to "Fusion".
Awards.
The magazine is notable for holding some of the first Game of the Year award ceremonies, called the Arcade Awards, or Arkie Awards. The following games are the winners of the magazine's annual Arcade Awards. The awards for each year took place in the January of the following year. No single game could win more than one award in the same year.
1992 (7th).
Following the magazine's revival in 1992, it published the Electronic Gaming Awards in January 1993, where editors nominated several games for each category and the readers would vote which games win. The following games were nominated for 1992.
Reader polls.
From May 1982 onwards, the magazine carried out a reader poll in each issue to see which are the most popular games of the month among its readers, up until the January 1985 issue. The top-ranking games in these polls are listed below.
1982.
The games that were top-ranked the most in these 1982 polls were:
1983.
The games that were top-ranked the most in these 1983 polls were:
1984.
The games that were top-ranked the most in these 1984 polls were:
1985.
There was no reader poll held for the March 1985 issue.
Hall of Fame.
The twelve games voted by readers as part of the magazine's Hall of Fame up until January 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2876993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876993" title="Shlomo Goldman">
Shlomo Goldman

Shlomo Goldman, also known as the Zvhil-Sanzer rebbe, is the Sanz-Klausenburger (Zvhiller) Grand Rabbi of Union City, New Jersey, where he resides and is Rabbi of the Sanz-Klausenberger community there. 
Rabbi Shlomo is the son of the previous Zviller Rebbe, Rabbi Mordchai Goldman, and a son-in-law of the late Sanz-Klausenburger Rebbe, Rabbi Yekusiel Yehudah Halberstam.

</doc>
<doc id="2876995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876995" title="Coconstitutionalism">
Coconstitutionalism

Coconstitutionalism is where two institutional cultures exist in a complex semi-autonomous relationship to each other. The model of asymmetrical devolution that has emerged in democratic Spain has been called "coconstitutional" in that it is neither a federal nor a unitary model of government: autonomous nation-regions exist alongside and within the Spanish nation-state in a relatively dynamic relationship.
Similarities to federalism are marked although a key difference lies in the legal status of a federal-state versus a notionally unitary coconstitutional one: in a federation, it is the states who legally transfer powers to the federal government (bottom up) whereas in a unitary state power is devolved from the nation-state down to the regions (top down) and can in theory be revoked. But in the case of Spain any such move by a future Spanish government could rekindle the Spanish Civil War, the truth is such a move would probably require a constitutional amendment. Certainly a statue of autonomy (Spanish, "Estatuto de autonomía") cannot be abrogated nor modified save by an initiative of an autonomous regional Parliament—that being, of course, unlikely.
Since 1997, the UK government has pursued a similar coconstitutional model of devolution with regard to its nation-regions.

</doc>
<doc id="2877004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877004" title="Consolidation">
Consolidation

Consolidation may refer to:
Other uses.
Consolidation = merging or integration of many items into one.

</doc>
<doc id="2877006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877006" title="Jamie Johnson (filmmaker)">
Jamie Johnson (filmmaker)

James Wittenborn "Jamie" Johnson (born 1979) is an American heir, filmmaker, and socialite. He is a great-grandson of Robert Wood Johnson I (co-founder of Johnson & Johnson).
Early life.
Johnson was born in 1979 to James Loring Johnson, a Johnson & Johnson heir (who once funded a documentary about apartheid and economic unfairness in South Africa), and Gretchen Wittenborn Johnson, sister of screenwriter and novelist Dirk Wittenborn. Johnson graduated from Pingry School, a preparatory school located in Martinsville, New Jersey. He attended New York University, where he majored in American History.
Career.
Filmmaking and cameo roles.
In 2003, Johnson made "Born Rich", a documentary film about the experience of growing up as a child in one of the world's richest families. It was purchased by HBO and nominated for two Emmy Awards including "Outstanding Directing for Nonfiction Programming" for the director. The other nomination was in the category "Outstanding Nonfiction Special" for the producers: Sheila Nevins (executive producer), Wittenborn (produced by) and Johnson (producer).
In 2006, Johnson's second film, "The One Percent", premiered at the TriBeCa Film Festival. The 80-minute feature discusses the challenges America faces as a society in which one percent of the people control nearly half the total wealth. The film featured Robert Reich, Bill Gates Sr., Milton Friedman, and many others, coming from various socioeconomic strata, including residents of Chicago's Cabrini–Green housing project and Hurricane Katrina victims. When Johnson interviewed Milton Friedman, the Nobel Prize-winning economist, Friedman accused Johnson of advocating socialism and abruptly ended the interview.
In 2009, Johnson appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to discuss "Born Rich" and "The One Percent". He was showcased along with Nicole Buffett.
In 2011, he had a cameo role as himself on "Gossip Girl (TV series)".
In 2012, he had a cameo role as Julie's suitor in "Arbitrage (film)".
Writing.
From 2008 to 2011, Johnson wrote an online weekly column for "Vanity Fair" titled "The One Percent" on various perspectives, practices, and issues of the wealthy.

</doc>
<doc id="2877011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877011" title="Sand Beach">
Sand Beach

A sand beach is a beach consisting primarily of sand.
Sand Beach may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2877014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877014" title="Mirador del Río">
Mirador del Río

Mirador del Río is a viewpoint situated on an approximately 475 meters high escarpment called "Batería del Río" in the very north of the Canarian island of Lanzarote.
The location was created in 1974 by the local artist César Manrique in his typical style, consisting of a balustraded cafe, a souvenir shop and a platform on its top which are integrated in the lava rock.
Mirador der Río provides a view over the strait of "Río" (naming the viewpoint) towards the archaic island of La Graciosa.
From here guards watched for secretly landing ships in former times. Its interiors and balcony areas were used as a location for the BBC television programme "Doctor Who"'s serial, "Planet of Fire", representing an alien planet and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2877036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877036" title="Huematzin">
Huematzin

Huematzin () is mentioned in some Mesoamerican codices as being a sage and a member of Toltec nobility and scholar who lived during the end of the 8th century. It is unknown whether he was an actual historical person or a legendary figure. According to the Aztec chronicles he was the wisest man in Tollan, city of the Toltecs which may or may not be identical with the archeological site of Tula, and he owned many sacred books (called "teoamoxtli" in Nahuatl).
Huematzin's name is in a manuscript by the indigenous scholar and nobleman Fernando de Alva Cortés Ixtlilxochitl, "Relaciones Históricas", written some time around 1600. 

</doc>
<doc id="2877047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877047" title="1898–99 in Belgian football">
1898–99 in Belgian football

The 1898-1899 season was the fourth competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
Only one official division existed at the time, split into two leagues. It was called "Coupe de Championnat" (Championship Cup) and its winner was decided after a two-legged final match between the winners of each league.
No team was relegated this season and only one new club was admitted for the next season (Skill F.C. de Bruxelles).

</doc>
<doc id="2877048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877048" title="Preguiça">
Preguiça

Preguiça may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="2877050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877050" title="Michel Petit">
Michel Petit

Michel Petit (born February 12, 1964) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from the 1982–83 NHL season to the 1998–99 NHL season. Upon his retirement Petit had played for a then-NHL record 10 different teams. This mark has since been surpassed by Mike Sillinger. Currently, Petit is a sales manager for Smart Sand working in Canada and the US.
Playing career.
Petit was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft in the first round, eleventh overall. During his 17 seasons in the NHL he played for 10 different NHL teams, which, along with J. J. Daigneault is the second most by any player.
Petit played for the Vancouver Canucks (1982–83 – 1987–88), New York Rangers (1987–88 – 1988–89), Quebec Nordiques (1989–90 – 1990–91), Toronto Maple Leafs (1990–91 – 1991–92), Calgary Flames (1992–93 – 1993–94), Los Angeles Kings (1994–95 – 1995–96), Tampa Bay Lightning (1995–96), Edmonton Oilers (1996–97), Philadelphia Flyers (1996–97), and Phoenix Coyotes (1997–98) (1998–99).
In his 17 seasons of playing hockey, he amassed a total of 90 goals, 238 assists, 328 points, 1839 penalty minutes, and 827 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="2877052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877052" title="Consumers Energy">
Consumers Energy

Consumers Energy is a public utility that provides natural gas and electricity to more than 6 million of Michigan's 10 million residents. It serves customers in all 68 of the state’s Lower Peninsula counties. It is a division of CMS Energy. Its headquarters is in Jackson.
History.
The company was founded in 1886 as Commonwealth Power Company by William A. Foote, originally tasked to install electric lighting in downtown Jackson. (His wife later founded Foote Hospital, also in Jackson, Michigan.)
After a series of acquisitions and mergers involving other local electric, gas, and trolley companies which were properties of W.A. Foote, as well as Anton G. Hodenpyl and H. D. Walbridge, the company incorporated as Consumers Power Company in 1910 in Maine, and became part of the utility holding conglomerate Commonwealth and Southern, which held utilities in 10 other states.
Commonwealth and Southern dissolved in 1946, leaving Consumers Power (and all other utility holdings) an independent company. In 1968, the company reincorporated in Michigan
and their headquarters were located in Jackson, Michigan. Consumers operated the Big Rock Point Nuclear Power Plant in Charlevoix from 1962 to 1997 and built the Palisades Nuclear Plant near South Haven in 1971, which is still in service.
In 1968, Consumers Power began construction of a nuclear power plant in Midland, Michigan, primarily for the Dow Chemical Company. The project's budget was $257 million, with completion anticipated in 1972. Extreme construction problems caused years of delays and costs soared. The Three Mile Island accident in 1979 resulted in a massive change in nuclear regulatory requirements and system redesign. When it was revealed that the containment buildings were settling and foundation cracks were discovered, Dow cancelled their contract with Consumers Power, and the project was abandoned in 1984. The $4.1 billion investment nearly bankrupted Consumers Power. However, in 1985, Consumers Power formed a partnership with eight other companies to convert Midland's abandoned nuclear plant into a gas-fired power plant. Transformation of the plant began in 1986 and was completed at a cost of $500 million. The Midland Cogeneration Venture began producing power in 1991 and that success restored faith in Consumers Power.
In 1997, the name of the company was changed to Consumers Energy.
Consumers Energy's trademark slogan is "Count on Us", and they are now a subsidiary of CMS Energy.
System information.
Because of utility regulatory changes, Consumers had to give up control of its transmission system; it opted instead to sell the system to the Michigan Electric Transmission Company (METC), currently an ITC Holdings company (which also owns Detroit Edison's transmission system under the "ITC"Transmission"" brand.)
Consumers Energy's primary distribution voltages are 2.77/4.8kv, 4.8/8.32 kV, 7.2/12.47 kV, 7.97/13.8kv and 14.4/24.9 kV. Consumers retained its looped 23 and 46kV High Voltage subtransmission (HVD) systems and the radial 138 kV lines as well.
Generating plants.
Consumers Energy has 7 power plants.
Consumers Energy's largest power plant is the Karn-Weadock coal-fired generating station located on Saginaw Bay near Bay City. Other Consumers Energy coal-fired plants are the JH Campbell power plant between Holland and Grand Haven; the Cobb power plant in Muskegon and the Whiting Power Plant on Lake Erie in Luna Pier, just north of the Michigan/Ohio state line. Consumers also operates and co-owns (with Detroit Edison) the Ludington Pumped Storage Power Plant near Ludington.
Two generating facilities previously owned by Consumers Energy (but still serving Consumers Energy's system) are the Palisades Nuclear Generating Station, 5 miles south of South Haven and The Midland Cogeneration Venture in Midland.
On the Muskegon River, in Newaygo and Mecosta county, Consumers Energy operates 3 Hydroelectric Powerplant complexes. Together, the three dams (Rogers, Hardy and Croton) can generate about 45,500 kilowatts, with about 30,000 of that from Hardy, which is enough electricity to serve a community of nearly 23,000.
Following is a sortable complete list of Consumer Energy's hydroelectric generating facilities:

</doc>
<doc id="2877058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877058" title="Taha Muhie-eldin Marouf">
Taha Muhie-eldin Marouf

Taha Muhie-eldin Marouf (ca. 1929 - 7 August 2009) was an Iraqi politician and served as Vice President of Iraq from 1975 until the U.S. invasion in 2003.
Early life.
He was born into a prominent family in Kurd-dominated northern Iraq.
Political life.
Marouf joined the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party in 1968 and held several ministerial posts.
Marouf was an ethnic Kurd in Saddam Hussein's Ba'ath Party hierarchy, but the Kurdish community viewed his appointment as a mere "gesture", believing that he had little real power. However, he did serve as ambassador to Italy, Malta, and Albania.
It was announced that Marouf was taken into custody on Friday, May 2, 2003. He had been captured with two other Saddam deputies Abdel Tawab Mullah Huweish, director of the Office of Military Industrialization and a deputy prime minister in charge of arms procurement, and Mizban Khadr Hadi commander of one of four military regions Saddam established on the eve of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Marouf was #24 (initially #42) on the U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis. He was represented by the nine of diamonds in the Most-wanted Iraqi playing cards.
He died on 7 August 2009 in Amman, Jordan. He was buried in Irbil, Iraq, the following day.

</doc>
