<doc id="2871691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871691" title="Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb">
Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb

Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb is a 1965 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1965.
Dick wrote the novel in 1963 with working titles "In Earth's Diurnal Course and A Terran Odyssey". Ace editor Donald Wollheim however suggested the final title which references Stanley Kubrick's film "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb" (1964).
Plot summary.
"Dr. Bloodmoney" is set in a post-apocalyptic future. In 1972, before the start of the narrative, Dr. Bruno Bluthgeld (German for "Blood-Money") had led a project testing nuclear weapons as a protectionary measure against Communist China and the Soviet Union. However, a miscalculation caused an atmospheric nuclear accident leading to widespread fallout and mutations. More recently the United States has been involved in a prolonged period of hostilities with China and the Soviet Union erupting in a war in Cuba.
In 1981, the now universally hated Bluthgeld seeks psychotherapy with Dr. Stockstill for his paranoia and guilt. Meanwhile Stuart McConchie, Hoppy Harrington and Jim Fergesson, employees at Modern TV Sales and Service in Berkeley, California, go through a fairly typical day, pausing to watch Walt and Lydia Dangerfield being launched into orbit in the first stage of a colonization mission to Mars. This ordinary day, however, is disrupted by a massive nuclear strike. Orbiting overhead, Walt Dangerfield witnesses the tragic events as they unfold, while other characters are reduced to desperate measures in their struggle for survival. Fergesson is killed as his shop collapses. Meanwhile, Bluthgeld is convinced that he caused the strike in response to a universal conspiracy against him. Believing that he has shown the world his power, he sets out to heal and restore order through his imagined magical powers.
The narrative jumps to 1988, when many communities have begun to rebuild a sort of order. A military government has arisen in Cheyenne, Wyoming, while in California government is by local community councils that view one another with varying degrees of hostility. Most pre-war technologies and amenities have been lost. Oil shortages result in disabled cars being pulled by horses or fitted with wood-burning (steam) engines. Former California ranch territory has been converted into agricultural land for corn and other crops. Human mutants have become more common, such as phocomeli, as well as conjoined symbiotes. At the same time, former domestic animals like dogs and cats have undergone mutations that have greatly enhanced their intelligence. Many of these former pets and zoo specimens have allied themselves into ferocious tribal units of their own. Bruno Bluthgeld's dog Terry is capable of imitating simple human speech, while some species of felines may have developed their own evolved languages.
Walt Dangerfield, supplied with enough rations to last him for at least several more years, as well as a vast treasury of books and musical recordings, has become a disc jockey in orbit. His broadcasts help provide some sense of continuity with pre-war civilization in the isolated settlements that comprise the postwar world. His wife Lydia committed suicide at some point during the intervening period. Dangerfield has begun to experience symptoms of an unknown medical condition, causing some of his listeners to worry.
In Marin County survivors including Bonny Keller, Dr. Stockstill, June Raub and Hoppy Harrington have organized into a self-governing community. Harrington, a Thalidomide baby missing all four of his limbs, harbors a quietly smoldering resentment of the patronizing and condescending attitudes he endured before the war. He has now become a successful mechanic thanks to electronic servo-mechanism technology as well as his gradually increasing abilities of psychokinesis or mind-over-matter. As such, he becomes a genuinely respected and absolutely indispensable member of the community. His ultimate goal, however, is to dominate and humiliate the people within his community through intimidation via his increasingly capricious and violent misuse of his ever-strengthening powers. He's been using his talents to gradually weaken Walt Dangerfield in order to take over Dangerfield's much-beloved satellite transmissions. Meanwhile, Bluthgeld, under the assumed name of Jack Tree, lives as a sheep farmer outside the community. One outsider searching for the infamous Bluthgeld was exposed by Bonny Keller and summarily executed for his troubles.
Stuart McConchie has become a travelling entrepreneur in the post-apocalyptic world, selling "smart" robotic rat traps for a company based in post-war Berkeley. Still holding onto his ambitious pre-war salesman's mentality, McConchie travels to Marin County to meet Andrew Gill, a cigarette and alcohol entrepreneur, to discuss the re-introduction of automation within his factory as an agent of Berkeley-based business interests. His appearance in West Marin startles Hoppy Harrington and Bruno Bluthgeld, both of whom had last seen McConchie on the day of the "Emergency".
Bluthgeld's increasing psychosis eventually leads to the discovery of his identity. His magical powers, however, do not appear to be entirely imaginary. In his ardent desire to silence the talking satellite he seems to initiate another series of atmospheric explosions merely by willing them to occur. Hoppy, viewing him as a potential rival as well as a direct threat to the community and the planet itself, kills him from several miles away. Harrington employs his own psychokinetic powers in flinging the mad scientist high into the air and then simply letting him fall back to the ground. The Marin County council decides to thank Hoppy by presenting him with gifts of Gill's tobacco, alcohol and a monument in Harrington's honor, but Hoppy scorns these gifts as being much less than he deserves. Bonny Keller begins to worry that Hoppy will set himself up as a vindictive little tin god, and so she flees the county with Gill and McConchie in hopes of eventually settling beyond the reach of his powers.
Meanwhile, Edie Keller's conjoined twin brother Bill, a sentient fetus within her body, has been yearning for an independent existence. Bill Keller is able to communicate telepathically with the dead, and they warn him how dangerous Hoppy is becoming. When Edie approaches Hoppy's house, Harrington uses his powers to draw Bill outside of her in hopes of causing him to perish. Little Bill has a near-lethal adventure inside of an owl before finally engineering a body-swap with Hoppy which quickly proves fatal to Harrington. The idol with feet of clay has finally been toppled.
At the conclusion of the book, Dr. Stockstill begins a course of psychotherapy, broadcast over the radio, with Walt Dangerfield, who seems to be slowly recovering from his illness in the absence of a jealous Hoppy Harrington's debilitating mental emanations.
Characters.
Hoppy Harrington A phocomelus with psychokinetic powers and the ability to perfectly imitate voices. Having faced discrimination before the war, Hoppy seeks power and respect through his work as a mechanic and his plot to replace Walt Dangerfield.
Bruno Bluthgeld aka Jack Tree, aka Dr. Bloodmoney. An atomic physicist, Bluthgeld's miscalculations caused the pre-war Emergency and made him the object of worldwide hatred. He goes into hiding as sheep farmer Jack Tree. Bluthgeld is subject to paranoia, magical thinking, and megalomania; he may or may not actually have magical powers.
Walter Dangerfield Slated to be the first colonist of Mars, Dangerfield was orbiting the earth in a satellite waiting for his final rocket firing when the nuclear war occurred. Stuck in orbit, Dangerfield becomes a popular disc jockey. His wife Lydia had committed suicide shortly after the outbreak of war.
Bonny Keller A friend and former colleague of Bluthgeld, Bonny attempts to protect him when he goes into hiding. She has affairs with numerous men including Hal Barnes and Andrew Gill.
Edie Keller Daughter of Bonny Keller and Andrew Gill. Edie tells everyone she has a twin brother, assumed by everyone to be an imaginary friend but really being a sentient fetus in fetu named Bill.
Bill Keller Edie's brother, a fetus in fetu within her body. He depends on Edie for sustenance and for reports of her sense perceptions, but independently has telepathic contact with the dead.
Stuart McConchie An African-American salesman, Stuart moves from selling television sets before the war to selling automated traps to kill mutant animals after the war. His personality and his salesmanship remain largely unchanged by the war. He expresses disgust for Hoppy Harrington and all "unnatural" results of the Emergency and the war.
Andrew Gill A tobacco and alcohol merchant, he has a chance sexual encounter with Bonny Keller immediately after the nuclear strike, during which Edie Keller is conceived. In love with Bonny, Gill chooses to remain in West Marin, manufacturing ersatz tobacco and liquor.
Eldon Blaine An eyeglasses salesman who attempts first to kidnap Hoppy Harrington, and later to steal Hoppy's radio, for his own community. He is murdered by Hoppy.
Dr. Stockstill A psychiatrist before the war, Stockstill later becomes a general practitioner. He attempts to treat Bluthgeld and Dangerfield.
Mr. Austurias The West Marin school teacher, and an avid mushroom collector. He is killed for prying into Jack Tree's identity.
Jim Fergesson Owner of Modern TV Sales and Service, Fergesson is committed to non-discriminatory hiring practices, and consequently hires Stuart McConchie and Hoppy Harrington. He dies instantly during the nuclear strike.
June Raub A community leader of West Marin, who relishes the opportunity the war provides her for proving her worth.
Hal Barnes Mr. Austurias' replacement as West Marin schoolteacher, Barnes has an affair with Bonny Keller, who comes to view him as a coward.
Other versions.
Dick assembled excerpts from "Dr. Bloodmoney" into a short story in 1964. This version, titled "A Terran Odyssey", was first published in volume five of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick" in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2871703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871703" title="Mahesh Elkunchwar">
Mahesh Elkunchwar

Mahesh Elkunchwar (born October 9, 1939) is an Indian playwright with more than 20 plays to his name, in addition to his theoretical writings, critical works, and his active work in India's "Parallel Cinema" as actor and screenwriter. Today, along with Vijay Tendulkar he is one of the most influential and progressive playwrights not just in modern Marathi theatre, but also larger modern Indian theatre.
Early life and education.
Born to a feudal family in Parwa village in Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, at the age of four he had to leave his parents and leave a city where he grew up a lonely child and hardly interested in studies, and raised outside of Indian urban centers. As films and theatre were taboo in his family, he saw his first play when he moved to Nagpur for his matriculation. Here he studied at Morris College, and went on to do M.A. in English from Nagpur University. While still college came the turning point in his life, when one day he went to watch a film and unable to get movie ticket, he ended up watching a play. That play was a veteran theatre director Vijaya Mehta's production of Vijay Tendulkar`s "Mee jinkalo mee Haralo" (I Won, I Lost) in 1965. Deeply influenced by the play, he went to watch play again the following day and decided to write plays. He devoted the next year to reading plays of all kind.
Career.
He taught English literature at Dharampeth Arts, Commerce College, Nagpur and M. P. Deo Memorial Science College, Nagpur, until retiring as its Head in 1999.He was a guest professor of screen play-writing at the Film and Television Institute,Pune in 200-2001.He taught as a visiting professor at the National school of Drama, New Delhi for a number of years.
Elkunchwar has experimented with many forms of dramatic expression, ranging from the realistic to symbolic, expressionist to absurd theatre with theme ranging from creativity to life, sterility to death and has influenced modern Indian theatre for more than three decades. Elkunchwar emerged onto the national theatre scene with the publication of his one-act play "Sultan" in 1967 in noted literary magazine "Satyakatha". This play was immediately noticed by Vijaya Mehta; she went on to direct four of his early plays, including "Holi" and "Sultan" in 1969 and 1970 for "Rangayan". A number of commercial hits followed such as "Holi" (1969), "Raktapushpa" (1971), "Party" (1972), "Virasat" (1982), and "Atamkatha" (1987).
Considered a successor to Vijay Tendulkar, Elkunchwar's plays are written in Marathi, the Indian language that is spoken by approximately 90 million people. The plays have been subsequently translated into multiple Indian and Western languages (including English, French and German).
In 1984, his play "Holi" was made into the film "Holi" by Ketan Mehta, for which he wrote the screenplay. In the same year, Govind Nihalani directed a film, "Party", based on his eponymous play.
A lesser known fact about him is as Mahesh Elkunchwar, the essaysist. His colletion of essays 'Maunraag' has broken new grounds in this genre and was considered the book of the decade in 2012. An uncanny blend of autobiographical and meditative,His essay show his erudition and a vivid imagination.
Awards & recognition.
Elkunchwar's plays have gained national and international critical attention, and his growing body of work has become part of India's post-colonial theatrical canon. He has been honored in India with :

</doc>
<doc id="2871704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871704" title="Bush Bucks F.C. (1957)">
Bush Bucks F.C. (1957)

Bush Bucks is a former South African football (soccer) club. The club was founded in 1957 and originally based in Mthatha in the Eastern Cape. In 2001, the team moved to East London. It was nicknamed "Imbabala (The Bucks)". 
The club was formed by a former official of the Bush Bucks club from Durban who had moved to the area. Umtata Bucks played at the South African top level (NSL) for six seasons during Transkei's nominal independency from 1976 to 1994, managing 4 finishes in the top-7, and winning one League Cup, in 1993. After the end of Transkei's nominal independence, they won one more League Cup (in 1996). They remained at the top level (renamed PSL), moving to East London (outside of the former homeland of Transkei) in 2001, until suffering relegation at the end of the 2002/03 season. They returned after only one season, but were relegated again at the end of 2005/06 season and subsequently dissolved, their place at the second level being taken by a new club called Western Province United, based in Cape Town.
In 2007, a phoenix club - Bush Bucks F.C. (2007) was created.
Major Honours.
Telkom Knockout Winners 1993, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="2871713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871713" title="I'm Leavin' (Outsidaz song)">
I'm Leavin' (Outsidaz song)

"I'm Leavin'" is a song by Outsidaz featuring Rah Digga and Melanie Blatt, which was released as a single in March 2002 in the United Kingdom and Europe. Kelis is the featured on the album version, but on the single and video a collaboration is done with Melanie.
Video.
The "I'm Leavin' "video was shot in a New Jersey ghetto.
Remixes.
I'm Leavin' 

</doc>
<doc id="2871730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871730" title="Shi Ren">
Shi Ren

Shi Ren was a military general serving under the warlord Liu Bei in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.
Life.
Shi Ren was from Guangyang (southwest of present-day Daxing District, Beijing). He served at Gong'an in Jing Province, under Guan Yu, who was appointed by Liu Bei to guard Jing Province. Following a dispute with Guan, Shi and Mi Fang defected to the warlord Sun Quan when Guan was away at the Battle of Fancheng. Shi and Mi allowed Sun's forces to overrun Jing Province, leading to Guan's defeat and death.
In fiction.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Shi Ren's name was wrongly written as "Fu Shiren" (傅士仁). Despite this misspelling, his role is relatively consistent with history. 
After Guan Yu was given orders to invade Fancheng, he appointed Shi Ren and Mi Fang as leaders of the vanguard. That night, a fire broke out in the vanguard's camp. However, Shi and Mi were too busy feasting to notice and the fire engulfed and destroyed much of the camp. Guan condemned the two generals for lack of care and sentenced them to death, but was stopped by Fei Shi who advised Guan against executing a general before the army had truly begun to march. Guan took the advice and instead flogged them forty times each. He then called upon Guan Ping and Liao Hua to replace them as van leaders and sent the two generals away, Shi Ren to Gongnan and Mi Fang to Nanjun.
After Sun Quan captured Jingzhou, he sent Yu Fan, a childhood friend of Shi Ren, to Gongnan in order to convince Shi to defect. Upon hearing of Yu Fan's approach, Shi Ren closed the gates of Gongnan and refused his friend entrance. Still, Yu Fan managed to contact Shi by attaching a letter to an arrow and firing it over the city walls. Upon reading the letter, Shi opened the gates and allowed Yu entrance. The two talked like old friends and Yu convinced Shi of Sun Quan's greatness, causing him to join Sun's army. After this, Lü Meng sent Shi Ren to Nanjun to convince Mi Fang to defect as well. Mi Fang was hesitant to desert Guan Yu, but once a messenger arrived in Nanjun and demanded rice for Guan's army in Fancheng, threatening punishment if Mi disobeyed, Shi Ren slew the messenger and Mi, fearing Guan Yu's response, defected to Sun Quan's side. 
During the Battle of Xiaoting, Shi Ren and Mi Fang overheard their soldiers discussing a plan to kill them, so they assassinated their superior Ma Zhong and attempted to return to Liu Bei's side. Liu refused to accept their surrender and handed them over to Guan Yu's son Guan Xing, who executed them.

</doc>
<doc id="2871732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871732" title="FLOT">
FLOT

FLOT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871740" title="Doc Blanchard">
Doc Blanchard

Felix Anthony "Doc" Blanchard (December 11, 1924 – April 19, 2009) is best known as the college football player who became the first ever junior to win the Heisman Trophy, Maxwell Award and was the first ever football player to win the James E. Sullivan Award, all in 1945. He played football for the United States Military Academy at West Point. Because his father was a doctor, Felix Blanchard was nicknamed "Little Doc" as a boy. After football, he served in the United States Air Force from 1947 until 1971 when he retired with the rank of Colonel.
Early years.
Blanchard was born on December 11, 1924 in McColl, South Carolina His father was a doctor and had played college football at Tulane University and Wake Forest University. The Blanchards moved from McColl, South Carolina to Dexter, Iowa in 1929. The Blanchards then moved to Bishopville, South Carolina two years later. Blanchard, nicknamed "Little Doc" due to his father's occupation, attended high school at Saint Stanislaus College in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. He led the school's football team, the Rockachaws, to an undefeated season during his senior year in 1941. Blanchard was recruited to play college football by Army, Fordham University and the University of Notre Dame, among others. Blanchard said in 1985 that he had been contacted about going to West Point when he was in high school. He said, "At that point in time, I really wasn’t interested. Academically, I never was too hot, so I never had any idea I would pass the entrance examination and go to West Point."
Instead, Blanchard chose to play for the University of North Carolina Tar Heels, in part because its coach, Jim Tatum, was his mother's cousin. Because NCAA rules at the time did not allow freshmen to play varsity, Blanchard played with the freshman team.
Blanchard decided to enlist in the United States Army in 1943. He was stationed in New Mexico with a chemical-warfare unit until enrolling at West Point in July 1944 in an appointment his father secured.
West Point years.
Notre Dame coach Edward McKeever was amazed by Blanchard. After his 1944 team lost to Army by a score of 59–0, McKeever said, "I've just seen Superman in the flesh. He wears number 35 and goes by the name of Blanchard."
An all-around athlete, Blanchard served as the placekicker and punter in addition to his primary roles as an offensive fullback and a linebacker on defense. He soon teamed with Glenn Davis on the 1944-45-46 teams (Davis won the Heisman in 1946, the year after Blanchard won it). They formed one of the most lethal rushing combinations in football history. In his three seasons at West Point Blanchard scored 38 touchdowns, gained 1,908 yards and earned the nickname "Mr. Inside." Teammate Davis earned the nickname "Mr. Outside" and in November 1945, they both shared the cover of Time magazine.
In 1945, Blanchard played against Leon Bramlett of the Naval Academy. Army won the match, 32-13. Both Blanchard and Bramlett, later a farmer and politician from Clarksdale, were inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
In 1984, at the awards ceremony marking the 50th Heisman Trophy presentation, Blanchard took the occasion to recall, in comparison to the big glitzy shows for the ceremony today, how he learned of his Heisman selection in 1945. He said, "I got a telegram. It said, 'You’ve been selected to win the Heisman Trophy. Please wire collect.'"
In 1946, Blanchard missed the first two games of the season due to an injury to his knee. In June 1946 his class was divided into two classes (1947 and 1948) to transition back to a peacetime four-year curriculum from the wartime three-year curriculum instituted in October 1942. Both Blanchard and Davis were placed in the final three-year group, the Class of 1947 (Davis had entered West Point in July 1943 but was turned back a year in 1944 for a deficiency in mathematics).
In 1947, Blanchard played himself in the movie "The Spirit of West Point". His West Point team-mate Glenn Davis also played himself in the film. Other cast members include Robert Shayne as Coach Colonel Earl "Red" Blaik, Anne Nagel as Mrs. Blaik, George O'Hanlon as Joe Wilson, Michael Browne as Roger "Mileaway" McCarty, Tanis Chandler as Mildred, Mary Newton as Mrs. Mary Blanchard and William Forrest as Doc Blanchard's father, Dr. Felix Blanchard. Also appearing as themselves are 1940 Heisman Trophy winner Tom Harmon and sportscasters Bill Stern and Harry Wismer. The screenplay was written by Tom Reed based on a story by Mary Howard. Ralph Murphy directed.
In addition to football, Blanchard was also a member of the Army track and field team, with a shot put championship and a 10-second 100 yard dash in 1945.
In 1947, Blanchard graduated from West Point, 296th in order of merit among 310 graduates, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force. He coached Army’s freshman team in the 1950s, but he never played professional football, choosing a military career instead.
Military career.
Blanchard had the opportunity to play professional football after being selected third overall in the 1946 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. After he was turned down in 1947 for a furlough to play with the NFL, Blanchard then chose to embark upon a career in the United States Air Force and became a fighter pilot. In 1959, while with the 77th Tactical Fighter Squadron and flying back to his base at RAF Wethersfield near London, an oil line in Major Blanchard's F-100 Super Sabre broke and a fire broke out. He could have parachuted to safety, but the plane might have crashed into a village. He instead stayed with the plane and made a perfect landing. The event garnered him an Air Force commendation for bravery.
In the Vietnam War, Blanchard flew 113 missions from Thailand, 84 of them over North Vietnam. He piloted a fighter-bomber during a one-year tour of duty that ended in January 1969. He retired from the Air Force in 1971 as a colonel. After retiring from the Air Force, he spent several more years as the commandant of cadets at the New Mexico Military Institute, a junior college that prepares students to enter the service academies.
Death.
Blanchard died of pneumonia on April 19, 2009 in Bulverde, Texas. He had been living with his daughter Mary and her husband Aaron for the last 20 years of his life. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living Heisman Trophy winner. He is interred at Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery in San Antonio, Texas.
Honors and memorials.
Blanchard was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1959.
At a 1991 ceremony, he presented his Heisman Trophy, Maxwell Award and James E. Sullivan Award to his—and his father's—former high school alma mater, Saint Stanislaus College prep school, in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. He also presented his jersey to the school. The trophy, awards and jersey were enshrined in the Brother Alexis Memorial Resource Center on the Saint Stanislaus campus until they were briefly lost to flooding during Hurricane Katrina. The items have since been recovered.
In Blanchard's honor, the Interstate 20 / U.S. Route 15 interchange near his hometown of Bishopville, South Carolina has been named the Felix "Doc" Blanchard Interchange.
Beginning in 2004 the Rotary presents the Doc Blanchard Award as well as the Glenn Davis Award to the two high school football players participating in the U.S. Army All American Bowl who best exemplify the U.S. Army’s high standard of excellence in community service, education and athletic distinction. The Doc Blanchard Award is given to a player from the Bowl’s East team, while the Davis Award is given to a player from the Bowl’s West team. The first recipient of the Doc Blanchard Award was Ryan Baker.
West Point announced in April 2009, before Blanchard's death, that Blanchard's number 35 would be retired, and it was on October 10 during a home game against Vanderbilt.

</doc>
<doc id="2871743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871743" title="Joseph Papineau">
Joseph Papineau

Joseph Papineau (October 16, 1752 – July 8, 1841) was a notary, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.
Joseph Papineau was the father of Louis-Joseph Papineau who had the great distinction of being a fiery player in the history of the French dominated (except for Montreal) British colony called Lower Canada. His other son Denis-Benjamin also played a significant though lesser role in politics of Canada East, serving as joint premier in the Legislative Assembly.
Joseph Père was also a horticulturalist whose estate home is a tourist attraction to this day in the province of Québec, Canada. His own contributions to the culture and history of this particular province are recognized to this day with streets, squares and monuments being dedicated to his memory.
His son Louis-Joseph was even more influential in creating a strong Québec identity due to his political activities. The involvement of Louis-Joseph Papineau and Ezekiel Hart is responsible for Jews being granted full citizen rights in any territory or nation several decades before many other countries followed suit. This may be among his most important contribution to pre-Confederation Canadian history. (The first Jewish synagogues had opened in Montreal after the British Conquest of 1760.)

</doc>
<doc id="2871745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871745" title="MotionVR">
MotionVR

MotionVR is the name of a 3D imaging software application written by the programmer Jacob Uzon-Miller. The purpose of motionVR is to inexpensively and quickly create a photographic virtual tour of a real location. Another goal of the projects is to enable anybody with an internet connection to traverse photographed remote locations on a standard web page. The experience is similar to a first-person shooter video games, such as "Counter-Strike" and "Quake". However, the software was written specifically for people who are not comfortable with technology. The main idea behind the software is to bypass difficult and expensive 3D modeling techniques, by using recent phenomena such as the widespread availability of high megapixel digital cameras and increasing PC processor power.
The first motionVR models were created in response to the increased bandwidth and wide availability of 360 degree imaging technologies introduced commercially in the late 1990s. Before the initial release of motionVR software, a real 3D model had to be created of a location in order to navigate through it. 
Business.
The MotionVR Technology Corporation has two patents pending for their version of the technology. They currently provide free software for the creation of motion virtual tours. There are several similar variations that allow an internet user to view 360 degrees in a single spot. The most popular technologies in use are QuickTime VR and PTViewer. These are used by the real-estate and tourism industry to allow website visitors to get a more intimate look at remote locations.
There are many companies producing the equipment and software to produce standard VR tours, including: QuickTime, iPix Corporation, and the open source PTViewer. Another notable example of MotionVR production using QuickTime is WorldInMotionVR.

</doc>
<doc id="2871754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871754" title="Jonny Kennedy">
Jonny Kennedy

Jonny Kennedy (4 November 1966 – 26 September 2003) was the subject of the documentary "The Boy Whose Skin Fell Off", which documented the final months of his life as he suffered from the rare inherited condition known as dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (EB or DEB). He was born with no skin on his left leg. Kennedy ultimately died of skin cancer caused by EB.
In the film, which also featured interviews with his friends and family, Kennedy was extremely candid about his feelings concerning his impending death. When the film was first broadcast in March 2004 on Channel 4 in the UK, it attracted around 5 million viewers and helped to raise £500,000 for the EB charity DebRA. The documentary was voted the sixth most popular film in the Channel 4 programme, The 50 Greatest Documentaries of all time, in 2005.
At the time Kennedy was born, there was no prenatal test for EB. Kennedy was a Spiritualist who saw death as "a freedom and an escape." The film saw him fulfill his lifelong aim of flying in a glider, which led him to think of life beyond death - "I think I'll be bored if the angels sit about on clouds plucking their harps all day. I'll be up there, getting them off their clouds, doing drops of 1,000 feet and then pulling up. I think you need to spice things up a bit."
He died in his wheelchair, whilst being filmed for the documentary, on a train returning from a meeting at 10 Downing Street with Cherie Blair.
One of Kennedy's favourite bands was Queen; at his funeral, the Queen song "Don't Stop Me Now" was played. His childhood friend Lord Redesdale was in attendance and spoke as per Kennedy's request.

</doc>
<doc id="2871756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871756" title="Dynamos F.C. (South Africa)">
Dynamos F.C. (South Africa)

Dynamos are a South African football (soccer) club from Giyani, Limpopo that plays in the National First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="2871761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871761" title="P-90">
P-90

The P-90 is a single coil electric guitar pickup produced by Gibson since 1946. Gibson is still producing P-90s, and there are outside companies that manufacture replacement versions.
History.
P-90 pickups were introduced in 1946, when Gibson resumed guitar production after World War II. They were initially used to replace Gibson's original "bar" or "blade" pickup (also known by many as the "Charlie Christian pickup") on models such as the ES-150, and by the end of the 1940s it was the standard pickup on all models.
The P-90's reign as the Gibson standard pickup was short-lived, however, as a new design of pickup, the humbucker, was introduced in 1957. Equipped with double coils, the new pickup boasted greater output and less hum, although with less high end response. This new pickup, occasionally named PAF, very quickly took over as the preferred choice for all Gibson models, relegating the P-90 to budget models such as the ES-330, the Les Paul Junior and Special, and the SG Junior and Special, such as those used by Pete Townshend and Carlos Santana. This trend continued throughout the 1960s and particularly in the early 1970s, where the pickup all but disappeared from the entire Gibson range. By the 1970s, smaller single-coil pickups, mini-humbucking pickups, and uncovered humbucking pickups began replacing the P-90 pickups on Gibson's budget and lower-end models.
In 1968, however, Gibson re-issued the original, single-cutaway Les Paul - one version of which was a Goldtop with P-90 pickups. In 1972, they produced Limited Edition reissues - the "58 Reissue" - actually based on the '54 Goldtop Les Paul, with a stopbar tailpiece; and the '54 Custom, the Black Beauty, equipped with a P-90 in the bridge and an Alnico 5 pickup at the neck - the total production of these guitars was quite small. In 1974, Gibson put the P-90 pickup in their Les Paul '55, a reissue of the Les Paul Special from that era. It was followed in 1976 by the Les Paul Special Double-cutaway model and in 1978 by the Les Paul Pro (which had an Ebony fingerboard with trapezoid inlays). Since the 1970s the P-90 pickup has seen some success in various models in the Gibson line, mostly through reissues and custom versions of existing models. Currently it is featured most prominently on the Les Paul Faded Doublecut, and certain models in the "Historic" range.
In the early 1970s, Punk rock guitarists such as Johnny Thunders of The New York Dolls began using Les Paul Juniors and Les Paul Specials equipped with P-90's because of the cutting overdriven sound and the inexpensive nature of the guitars. In both The Dolls and The Heartbreakers, Thunders had a big influence on younger punk rock guitarists who adopted his look and choice of guitar. Mick Jones of The Clash and Steve Jones of The Sex Pistols both owned Les Paul Juniors, and the double cutaway Junior became the first choice for punk rock guitarists. 
The P-90 was also marketed by Gibson in the 1970s as the "Laid Back" pickup, as part of a line of "named" pickups.
For the 2014 model year, the new version of the Les Paul Melody Maker features a variant of the P-90 pickup called the "P-90S." This variant, inspired by the original pickup of the Gibson ES-125, possesses six Alnico slug pole pieces (similar to a Fender single-coil pickup) with no height adjustment for individual pole pieces.
Varieties.
There are three major varieties of P-90 casing:
Sound.
Being a single-coil design, the tone of a P-90 is somewhat brighter and more transparent than a humbucker, though not quite as crisp and snappy as Fender's single-coil pickups. The tone therefore shares some of the single coil twang, but having large amounts of midrange and often described as brisk. Popular guitars that use or have the option of using P-90s are the Gibson SG, Gibson Les Paul, Ernie Ball Axis series and the Epiphone Casino. Fender Jazzmaster pickups are often confused with the P-90, however, their only similarity is cosmetic, since there are many significant visual, dimensional and electrical differences.
All Gibson P-90 pickups (vintage and otherwise) were machine wound on Lesona coil winding machines, although their electrical specifications may vary slightly due to operator error. In common with many other modern pickup types, there are two versions of modern P-90: neck and bridge version. Their DC resistance tends to be around 7-8 kΩ for neck pickups and 8-9 kΩ for bridge pickups. Early P-90 pickups made before approx. 1974 were manufactured with no difference in the bridge and neck position and were interchangeable. After winding, pickups were hung on a rack holding 20 pickups and assembled according to the model of guitar they were to be used on (Soap-Bar or Dog Ear). Earlier pickups (around 1952) had Alnico 3 magnets, but in 1957 Gibson switched to Alnico 5.
Hum-canceling and humbucker-shaped versions.
One negative aspect of the P-90 pickup is its susceptibility to 50 Hz / 60 Hz mains hum induced in its coil by external electro-magnetic fields originating in mains powered electrical appliances, motors, lighting ballasts and transformers, etc. This susceptibility is common to all single-coil pickup designs, but the P-90, having around 2,000 more turns of wire in its coil than Fender pickups, produces a relatively large amount of mains hum. Several manufacturers now make hum-canceling pickups that resemble the P-90 but most do not have a similar sound.
There are three types of hum canceling pickups that look like a P-90: 
• First generation Stacks (vertically stacked coils) such as Duncan and Gibson P-100 and H-90.
• Sidewinders (horizontal side-by-side coils) such as Lace and Fralin. 
• New generation vertical humbuckers such as Kinman P-90 Hx (Patented).
First generation Stacks have a second identical coil placed below the main one; hum is effectively canceled by connecting both coils out of phase, however as with all common stacks there is a large degree of magnetic coupling between the coils and string signal is canceled along with the hum. Manufacturers over-wind the coils to recover the loss of output but this introduces a second problem of excessive coil capacitance which robs the sound of dynamics, presence and touch sensitivity. These two design flaws led to these types of pickups acquiring a bad reputation among musicians.
The Sidewinder is essentially a rearranged Stack and has the same sonically disastrous technical problems as Stacks. These type of pickups have the same appearance of P-90’s but are sonically far removed so are correctly known as look-alike P-90's.
The new generation Zero-Hum P-90 Hx by Kinman has an authentic P-90 sound and appearance but is far more complex with some 202 individual parts. Sonically destructive Magnetic coupling between the coils is negated by highly efficient magnetic shields around the upper coil. The lower coil is wound with much thicker wire and far fewer turns onto a unique laminated steel bobbin which imparts ultra high efficiency, thus the hum voltage is the same as the upper coil and cancels hum perfectly. Kinman advertize their P-90 Hx as having a sonically transparent 600 Ohm hum sensor which is remarkable considering the large amount of hum that P-90’s put out.
There is a fourth type of pickup under a P-90 cover and that’s a larger mini-humbucker. These are not intended to mimic the sound of a P-90 however, like all side-by-side humbuckers have low levels of hum. In that configuration the operation is the same as in a typical humbucker: both coils sense the strings' vibration and, having reversed coils but with the orientation of the magnet giving them opposite magnetic polarities, the signal from both coils is added, while the hum (which is not affected by the magnetic polarity of each coil) is effectively canceled. Consequently these types of pickups sound more like a humbucker than a P-90, since they are in effect very similar to Gibson's mini-humbucker.
Around 1970 Gibson replaced the P-90 on several models with a mini side-by-side humbucker now known as the mini-humbucker. This pickup was originally used on Epiphone models such as the Sheraton and with suitable mounting hardware became interchangeable with the P-90. In response to a resurgence of popularity of the P-90 Gibson issued the P-100, a stacked version (see above) of the P-90. Gibson also makes a new noiseless P-90 version called the H-90, which is found in Billie Joe Armstrong Signature Guitar (Les Paul Junior). The H-90 has two stacked coils and Gibson claims that it does not lose the characteristics of a P-90 although many players feel differently and perhaps that’s the reason it is not used widely on other guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="2871769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871769" title="TwentyFourSeven (song)">
TwentyFourSeven (song)

"TwentyFourSeven" is a song by Artful Dodger featuring Melanie Blatt, released on September 17, 2001. It peaked in the UK charts at #6. Since it was recorded just before the split of All Saints, it was decided to include this song on the "All Hits" album as well.
The version that is included on their album "It's All About the Stragglers" features Nicole.
Artful Dodger initially consisted of Mark Hill and Pete Devereux, but Devereux left just prior to recording "TwentyFourSeven", making this the first single of Artful Dodger as a stage name for Mark Hill.
Music video.
The music video for "TwentyFourSeven", directed by Jamie Morgan, has a springtime feel about it with Melanie Blatt sitting in a rattan chair with a dog.
Versions and remixes.
"TwentyFourSeven"

</doc>
<doc id="2871772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871772" title="Alaa Abdelnaby">
Alaa Abdelnaby

Alaa Abdelnaby (born June 24, 1968) is a retired Egyptian-American professional basketball player. He played for Duke University in college and then played in the NBA and CBA, among other leagues.
Early life.
Abdelnaby was born in Alexandria, Egypt. He was raised in Nutley and Bloomfield, New Jersey and played on the Bloomfield High School basketball team.
He was selected as a standout American high school athlete as both a McDonald's All-American and a "Parade" All-American.
College career.
He played at Duke University from 1986 to 1990, where he was a Third-Team All-ACC selection as a senior.
Abdelnaby is known for his infamous quote regarding Duke University's academic requirements: "The only way I can make five A's is when I sign my name."
Professional athletic career.
He was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association with the 25th pick of the 1990 NBA Draft, and he spent five years in the league, playing for Portland as well as the Milwaukee Bucks, Boston Celtics, Philadelphia 76ers, and Sacramento Kings. He was signed by the Golden State Warriors but he never played for that franchise.
After leaving the NBA, Abdelnaby also played for the Papagou BC (Greece) (1995–1996), the Omaha Racers (CBA) (1996–1997), Olympique Antibes (France) (1997–1998), and the Idaho Stampede (CBA) (1999–2000).
Later work.
Abdelnaby began broadcasting NBA games in Arabic in 1995 with Orbit Satellite Television. He has since worked for other Arabic channels and has moved over to broadcast in the United States.
He works for CBS Sports Network as a studio analyst and performs color commentary duties for on-site games. He also does color-commentary for Dial Global Radio.
Abdelnaby is single and resides in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2871781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871781" title="J. B. Beverley">
J. B. Beverley

J.B. Beverley (born July 11, 1977 Arlington, Virginia) is an American musician. Born Joshua Logan Beverley, he goes by the nickname "J.B." which he acquired in grade school. Reared in a musical household, Beverley grew up on early country, bluegrass, rockabilly, big band, and various forms of old time blues.
Life.
Learning the drums and guitar, J.B. formed his first band The Bad Habits in 1993. An old-school punk sound, rooted in influences like The Misfits, FEAR, Black Flag, and Motörhead, the Bad Habits made an infamous name for themselves in the central east coast. The band broke up in 1996, and later that year, a much-too-late live compilation EP was released on Green Tree's Records called "Live For Some Beer Money".
With the Bad Habits gone, Beverley drifted around for over a year. Working odd jobs and traveling by bus and freight train, J.B. began writing old time country blues songs and busking on various street corners to get by. He soon began commuting between the Washington DC area and New York City in 1998 when he became the front-man for The Murder Junkies, former band of the late GG Allin.
In 1999, after some legal issues, J.B. spent several months in Florida compiling his country blues songs, and re-learning some old standards. He emerged back in the DC area later that year with his honky-tonk outfit The Wayward Drifters, and subsequently began touring locally and regionally with the band.
In the fall of 2002, J.B. formed another punk rock band in the same vein as the Bad Habits called The Little White Pills. Reminiscent of the Bad Habits, the Little White Pills were a heavier, more refined band, with a rough edge and some mature playing. The Little White Pills released a self-produced CD in 2003 called "Live At The Velvet Lounge", and did a summer tour that year, and a couple of weekenders the next year.
In 2004, J.B. rejoined the Murder Junkies for two tours, and the Wayward Drifters released a self-produced CD entitled "Highball". J.B. also found time to record some local projects and work on new material for all of his respective bands,
In 2005, the Wayward Drifters launched a spring tour called "The American Highball Tour", and spent most of the summer touring with friend Hank Williams III.
J.B. and the Wayward Drifters have been touring non-stop (both regionally and nationally).
A follow-on album, "Watch America Roll By" was released in 2009.
In the meantime, J.B. has been working on a long-awaited metal side project called GHOSTDANCE.

</doc>
<doc id="2871801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871801" title="Hyperaemia">
Hyperaemia

Hyperaemia or hyperemia is the increase of blood flow to different tissues in the body. It can have medical implications, but is also a regulatory response, allowing change in blood supply to different tissues through vasodilation. Clinically, hyperaemia in tissues manifest as erythema, because of the engorgement of vessels with oxygenated blood. Hyperaemia can also occur due to a fall in atmospheric pressure outside the body.
Hyperaemia and the regulation of blood flow.
Functional hyperaemia is an increase in blood flow to a tissue due to the presence of metabolites and a change in general conditions. When a tissue increases activity there is a well-characterized fall in the partial pressure of oxygen and pH, an increase in partial pressure of carbon dioxide, and a rise in temperature and the concentration of potassium ions. The mechanism for vasodilation is unclear, but it may have something to do with the opening of precapillary sphincter.
Functional hyperaemia.
Functional hyperaemia, metabolic hyperemia or active hyperaemia, is the increased blood flow that occurs when tissue is active. 
When cells within the body are active in one way or another, they use more oxygen and fuel, such as glucose or fatty acids, than when they are not. Increased metabolic processes create more metabolic waste. The byproducts of metabolism are vasodilators. (Vasodilating metabolites: CO2, H+, K+, lactate, adenosine) Local arterioles respond to metabolism by dilatating, allowing more blood to reach the tissue. This prevents deprivation of the tissue.
Conversely, when a tissue is less metabolically active, it produces fewer metabolites which are simply washed away in blood flow. 
Since most of the common nutrients in the body are converted to carbon dioxide when they are metabolized, smooth muscle around blood vessels relax in response to increased concentrations of carbon dioxide within the blood and surrounding interstitial fluid. The relaxation of this smooth muscle results in vascular dilation and increased blood flow. 
Some tissues require oxygen and fuel more quickly or in greater quantities. Examples of tissues and organs that are known to have specialized mechanisms for functional hyperaemia include:
Reactive hyperaemia.
Reactive hyperaemia is the transient increase in organ blood flow that occurs following a brief period of ischaemia. Following ischaemia there will be a shortage of oxygen and a build-up of metabolic waste.
This is commonly tested in the legs using Buerger's test.
Reactive hyperaemia often occurs as a consequence of Raynaud's phenomenon, where the vasospasm in the vasculature leads to ischaemia and necrosis of tissue and thus a subsequent increase in blood flow to remove the waste products and clear up cell debris.

</doc>
<doc id="2871819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871819" title="Zu Mao">
Zu Mao

Zu Mao was a military general serving under the warlord Sun Jian during the late Han Dynasty period in China. He was one of the first four generals (with Cheng Pu, Huang Gai and Han Dang) of Sun Jian and set out with Sun Jian to fight Dong Zhuo.
When Sun Jian's army attacked Liangdong (梁東), Xu Rong was sent by Dong Zhuo to defend the area. Xu Rong led a quick surprise attack and Sun Jian was forced to flee. However, Sun Jian was unable to shake off pursuit, and Zu Mao exchanged headgear with Sun Jian. The soldiers under Xu Rong chased Zu Mao, allowing Sun Jian to escape. Zu Mao later hung Sun Jian's headgear onto a half-burnt pillar, and hid himself in tall grass nearby. The enemies surrounded the pillar and approached cautiously till they realized they had been fooled, whereupon they retreated. Zu Mao's fate was not documented.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", the same incident is recorded as having happened in the Sishui Pass, and it was Hua Xiong that led the pursuit. When Hua Xiong closed in on the pillar, Zu Mao came out of his hiding to attack Hua Xiong, but was cut down by the latter. He also has the courtesy name Dàróng (大荣) in the novel, which is not recorded historically.

</doc>
<doc id="2871820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871820" title="Chris Burke (baseball)">
Chris Burke (baseball)

Christopher Alan Burke (born March 11, 1980 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a former Major League Baseball player. Burke is known for his versatility; he has played every position except pitcher and catcher.
College.
Burke played baseball at St. Albert the Great Elementary School and St. Xavier High School in Louisville, Kentucky and the University of Tennessee, where he was named to three All-America teams. In 1999, Burke was selected as a Freshman 2nd team All-American at second base. In 2000, in addition to being named a 3rd team All-American, he was named to the All-Southeastern Conference team at second base. 
In 2001, his junior year, Burke moved to shortstop and helped the Volunteers make an appearance in the College World Series by hitting .435 with 20 home runs and 49 stolen bases, being named to the CWS all-tournament team. He was a 1st team All-American shortstop, and was the unanimous choice as the 2001 SEC Player of the Year. He was also a finalist for the 2001 Rotary Smith Award.
Professional career.
Burke was the Houston Astros' first overall pick in the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft as the 10th overall selection. In 2003, Burke was named Round Rock's Team MVP and a Texas League All-Star after batting .301 with 3 home runs and 41 RBI. He played on the USA Baseball Olympic qualifying team and was named the starting second baseman for the All-Star Futures Game.
In 2004, Burke was named the Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year and the New Orleans Zephyrs' team MVP in addition to being named to the All-PCL and AAA All-Star teams after hitting .315 with 16 home runs, 52 RBI, and 37 steals. He played in the All-Star Futures Game for the second straight year.
Houston Astros.
Burke made his MLB debut on July 4, 2004 against the Texas Rangers. He recorded his first Major League hit with a pinch-hit single on September 14 against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Entering 2005, Burke was rated as the top prospect in the Astros system by "Baseball America". Burke started 2005 by making his first appearance on the Astros' Opening Day roster, but was optioned to Round Rock on May 6. He batted .311 there before being recalled to the Astros on June 1. He finished the season batting .248 with 5 home runs and 26 RBI in 108 games. Burke had an 11-game hitting streak from June 27-July 6, tied for the third-longest streak among NL rookies in 2005 and was the longest for an Astros rookie since Julio Lugo's 14-game streak in 2000. 
He hit the series-winning walk-off home run off the Atlanta Braves' Joey Devine that ended Game 4 of the 2005 National League Division Series. The game, which lasted 18 innings, took 5 hours and 50 minutes to play, stands as the longest playoff game in major league postseason history. 
Burke began the 2007 season on the Astros' Opening Day roster, but was optioned to Round Rock on May 11. Burke did not hit particularly well (.242 BA) there, but with outfielder Jason Lane struggling, Burke was recalled on June 3.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On December 14, 2007, he was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks along with Chad Qualls and Juan Gutiérrez for José Valverde.
Burke was non-tendered following the season and became a free agent.
San Diego Padres.
On January 13, , he signed a minor league contract with the San Diego Padres. After not making the team in Spring Training, Burke was traded to the Seattle Mariners for cash considerations. However, on April 21, 2009 Burke was traded back to the Padres and was added to the major league roster. 
Atlanta Braves.
On June 19, 2009, Burke signed a minor-league contract with the Atlanta Braves.
2010 season.
Burke signed a minor league contract on December 10, 2009 with the Cincinnati Reds. In the first week of Spring Training, Burke broke his finger.
2011.
After Burke's alma mater The University of Tennessee relieved Todd Raleigh of his duties as the Vols baseball coach in May, Burke's name had been at the top of the Tennessee wish list to become the next Head Coach of the Tennessee baseball program. He interviewed for the job, but the school decided to hire Dave Serrano from Cal State Fullerton.

</doc>
<doc id="2871832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871832" title="Virginia is for Lovers">
Virginia is for Lovers

Virginia is for Lovers is the tourism and travel slogan of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Used since 1969, it has become a well-recognized and often imitated part of American jargon. In 2012, "Advertising Age" called "Virginia is for Lovers" "one of the most iconic ad campaigns in the past 50 years." 
A team led by David N. Martin and George Woltz of Martin and Woltz Inc. of Richmond, Virginia created the slogan after winning the Virginia State Travel account in 1968. Originally, they had come up with history ads, "Virginia is for History Lovers"; beach ads, "Virginia is for Beach Lovers"; and mountain ads, "Virginia is for Mountain Lovers". This approach was eventually discarded as too limiting, and the qualifiers were dropped. "Virginia is for Lovers" was born. Martin and Woltz Inc. eventually gained prominence and grew to become The Martin Agency. The first ad campaign using the tagline "Virginia is for Lovers" was launched in 1969. The slogan was released with fanfare to all who wanted to use it to promote the state of Virginia. More recently, the Virginia Tourism Corp has dubiously trademarked the slogan, but the Commonwealth of Virginia effectively gave away its intellectual rights in 1969 when it released the slogan to the public.
The first year that the slogan was introduced, travelers spent $800 million in Virginia. By 2004, that number had increased to more than $14 billion, making Virginia the tenth most popular tourist destination of the fifty states.
American Idol winner Jordin Sparks recorded a song called "Virginia is for Lovers" in 2007, which was featured as a bonus track on her eponymous debut album. The slogan is referenced in The Hold Steady song "Killer Parties."
Will Adler, ESP Guitars artist, has the slogan printed on the neck of his custom guitars.
New York drew on Virginia's success to create the I Love New York logo nearly a decade later in 1977. Maryland also parodied this phrase with its own "Maryland is for Crabs" slogan. 

</doc>
<doc id="2871843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871843" title="Chicago Medical School">
Chicago Medical School

Chicago Medical School (CMS) is an allopathic medical school located in North Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the graduate schools of Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science (RFUMS).
Founded in 1912, Chicago Medical School has a 100 year history of a broadly-based, socially constructive admission process relatively unlike that of other medical colleges. Under the leadership of Dean John J. Sheinin, CMS achieved full American Medical Association approval in 1948.
Chicago Medical School currently has 763 students enrolled and over 6,500 alumni.
History.
Founding.
Chicago Medical School was founded as a night school in 1912. The non-profit Chicago Medical School originally operated on the principle that admission should be based on merit alone. In particular, "Chicago Med" admitted women and minority applicants decades earlier than most professionals schools. As the school's 1912-13 bulletin states, "It is the firm belief of the Faculty of this school that there are deserving men and women, who, if given a second opportunity, will soon 'catch up' with and even surpass those students who have had earlier opportunities and advantages."[http://www.rosalindfranklin.edu/dnn/portals/lifeindiscovery/history/index.html] It delivered quality medical education to a wide range of students.
Sheinin administration.
In 1935, Dr. John J. Sheinin became Dean of Medicine and decided that the school must be saved. Prior to Dr. Sheinin, and due to CMS's lack of affiliation with a hospital, the school had been struggling financially. To help keep the school open in the 1940s, wealthy retired Chicago businessman Lester North Selig issued a challenge to his contemporaries in Chicago's business world: Did they or did they not support a medical school where admission was based on merit alone? By 1948, Dr. Sheinin had won accreditation for the school by consistently strengthening its curriculum, finances, and community support.
Also under Dr. Sheinin, the American Plan was developed. This policy stuck to the original policy of admission solely based on merit. Eleanor Roosevelt praised the plan in her nationally syndicated "My Day" column:
The American Plan...is simply a plan of nondiscrimination. Only two considerations govern the admission rules of Medical School- character and scholarship merit.
One wishes that more schools and colleges and universities throughout the county would have the courage to set their standards high, but to eliminate two questions that all too often one finds on a request for admission: What is your race and what is your religion? It seems to me that these questions have no bearing on one's right to an education in whatever field of learning one has chosen to follow. They should have no bearing, either, on one's success in whatever profession that he or she is preparing for.[http://rosalindfranklin.edu/dnn/administration/Admissions/CMS/tabid/1642/Default.aspx]
Accreditation.
The Chicago Medical School has had accreditation issues in 2004 and again in 2013, when it was placed on probation by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education (LCME). In February 2014, the LCME determined that the school's areas of concern are no longer in non-compliance.
Philanthropy.
CMS has a long history of public philanthropy and was one of the first to encourage students to perform community service as a natural outgrowth of a medical education. Students were historically required to serve in the Medical Clinic Free Dispensary and the Chicago Maternity Center in order to graduate. Currently students participate in many community service projects supporting the local community. In the view of former Dean Arthur J. Ross, III, "The current generation of students is the most altruistic, service-oriented generation ever to come through health care training- including generations older than me. It's the icing on the cake for them to study in a place that supports their service." [http://www.rosalindfranklin.edu/dnn/chicagomedicalschool/home/CMS/tabid/821/Default.aspx]
Interprofessional Community Clinic.
In 2013, members of the class of 2016 established the Interprofessional Community Clinic, a free clinic that provides limited healthcare services to low-income and underserved residents of the area. The clinic is staffed by volunteer students and licensed healthcare professionals and is held after hours at the Rosalind Franklin University Health System's North Chicago location. Interprofessional teams of students evaluate, treat, and refer patients under physician supervision.
Curriculum.
Students spend the first two years learning basic medical sciences and the last two years participating in clerkships at affiliate hospitals. The educational program combines lectures, labs, small-group discussions, team-based learning, and opportunities for peer-to-peer learning. There are eight required clerkships to be completed in the third year: medicine, surgery, family medicine/primary care, obstetrics and gynecology, psychiatry, pediatrics, neurology, and emergency medicine. The senior requirements include four weeks in a medicine, family medicine/primary care, or pediatrics subinternship.
Interprofessionalism.
Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science is an interprofessional health sciences university. Thus, M.D. candidates take courses alongside students in other health professions, including podiatry and pharmacy.
Student affairs.
The Office of Medical Student Affairs and Diversity works closely with students to provide resources, programs, and support to ensure a smooth progression through medical school and transition to residency. With this office's support, students host traditions such as Field Day on the first Saturday after classes begin and stress reduction activities before exams.
House system.
The House and Learning Communities Program facilitates the development of students in a collaborative cultural context. The program includes four Houses that link sixteen learning communities across the four years of medical school, connecting students in a network of faculty and fellow students with varying interests and levels of experience. Incoming students are assigned to one of four learning communities, each led by a practicing physician who mentors the students for all four years of school. Each learning community is assigned to a House that connects students of all four years. The Houses are named after four distinguished CMS alumni: Fannie Emanuel, Marion Finkel, Herbert Lipschultz, and Caesar Portes.
Fannie Emanuel, M.D., class of 1915, was CMS's first African American female graduate. She remained in Chicago for her career as a family practitioner and founder of a settlement house for all races.
Caesar Portes, M.D., class of 1928, was a notable proctologist and surgeon. He was a pioneer in cancer screening and early detection services. He was the cofounder and medical director of the George and Anna Portes Cancer Prevention Center of Chicago.
Herbert Lipschultz, M.D., class of 1948, was a beloved family physician in the northern Chicago suburbs. He was a role model and CMS professor who served as President of Skokie Board of Health.
Marion Finkel, M.D., class of 1952, was an internist and pharmaceutical researcher who moved away from Chicago following her graduation. She was hired by the Food and Drug Administration, where she directed the Office of Orphan Product Development.
Teaching hospital affiliations.
Chicago Medical School is community-based, giving students an opportunity to rotate through many hospitals and hospital systems in the greater Chicago area. These include:
See also.
Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science, Dr. William M. Scholl College of Podiatric Medicine

</doc>
<doc id="2871844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871844" title="CleanFlicks">
CleanFlicks

CleanFlicks was a Utah-based business which produced edited versions of films to remove content that they considered inappropriate for children or that viewers might otherwise find offensive. CleanFlicks removed sexual content, profanity, some references to deity, and some violence from movies, either by muting audio or clipping entire portions of the track.
On March 13, 2007, CleanFlicks reopened its website with "Movies You Can Trust." While legally enjoined from offering edited movies, an email sent by the company on that date indicated that they had reviewed "tens of thousands" of movies and compiled over 1000 that meet their "family-friendly criteria." In January 2013, the CleanFlicks.com website was no longer online.
Directors Guild lawsuit.
An announcement of intention to sue on the DGA website caused CleanFlicks to preemptively file in Denver Federal Court in August 2002. Robert Huntsman, an attorney and inventor affiliated with Cleanflicks who had a DVD-editing patent pending, was named as the lead plaintiff, so the original short caption for the case was Huntsman v. Soderbergh. In their suit, Cleanflicks sought a judgment that edited content was legal under federal copyright law. In addition to Steven Soderbergh, named defendants included Steven Spielberg, Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, Robert Altman, John Landis, and Martin Scorsese. Although the chain had been operating for two years, the issue was brought to the spotlight when MovieMask made a series of demonstrations around Hollywood in March of that year. The directors' counter-suit soon followed, but the legal battle stretched on for years.
On July 6, 2006, a federal judge in Denver ruled that CleanFlicks' editing violated U.S. copyright laws. The judge ordered the company to "stop producing, manufacturing, creating, and renting" edited movies, and to hand all inventory to movie studios within five days of the ruling. The court gave the company more time than the ruling's initial five-day deadline for turning over the stock of edited movies, since CleanFlicks needed more time to receive movies which were still out on rental.
CleanFlicks had planned to appeal the ruling, but informed its customers by email on July 28, 2006:
""It is with great regret that we write to inform you that CleanFlicks is going out of business soon. As you may have heard or read, after three long years of legal struggles, a judge in Colorado has ruled that we cannot sell or rent edited DVDs anymore. While we thought very strongly about appealing the decision, the potential costs and risks to the company, its customers and shareholders was just too great. Accordingly, we have agreed to close our doors after a brief winding-up period."
"...We want to offer our sincerest apologies for not being able to provide you with edited DVDs...We appreciate your support of our efforts to provide high-quality, family-friendly movies, and we will try to make this difficult process of closing our operations as painless as we can for all our loyal customers.""
The decision not to appeal the ruling became primarily a financial one. Having won the initial court battle, the directors and studios were in a position to collect significant damages for copyright infringement from the editing companies. Although the companies would almost certainly receive a stay of judgment pending appeals, the risk was much higher now. Since the inventory of edited movies had no value to the studios, a deal was offered whereby the companies would be allowed to sell off all of their inventory and keep the profits if they agreed not to appeal the ruling and the studios would not pursue damage claims. Thus, the companies, and their investors, would collect further revenue and be protected from damages and the studios would have a significant court ruling stand and the legal precedent would be set. After discussions with their legal teams and investors, the decision was made to accept the offer. The companies were then given additional time to clear out their inventory but no more films could be edited during that time. All unsold inventory was then sent to the studios as defined by the ruling. 
CleanFlicks discontinued offering edited movies on August 31, 2006.
Relaunch.
In March 2007, CleanFlicks announced by email to former customers that they were relaunching their rental services based on a new business model. Earlier in 2007, CleanFlicks had explored by email to, and online polling of, former customers the possibility of relaunching based on an unedited movie-rental business model. As a result, rather than renting content-edited DVDs, CleanFlicks now offers DVD releases of unedited modern and classic movies.
CleanFlicks' inventory now contains "ONLY Movies You Can Trust". Movies rented from the company "will contain no nudity, no graphic violence, and no sexual content."
Former customers' accounts have been retained in the CleanFlicks database, allowing those customers as well as the general public to resume their patronage of CleanFlicks using a "movies-out-at-a-time" tiered structure as before.
Related.
Alternatively, a system called ClearPlay uses a customized DVD player with software running concurrently with the DVD playback to perform edits (actually skips) in real-time during the playback, instead of playing back pre-edited movies.

</doc>
<doc id="2871849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871849" title="Shotton railway station">
Shotton railway station

Shotton railway station serves the town of Shotton, Flintshire, Wales. It is situated where the Borderlands Line crosses the North Wales Coast Line. All passenger services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales, which manages the station.
Shotton is split into two sections: a High Level on the Borderlands Line; and a Low level on the North Wales Coast Line. Each level has two side platforms and are double tracked. The station is staffed on weekdays and Saturday mornings only. There is a ticket office on the Bidston-bound platform. 
The tracks of the high and low levels cross each other at right angles.
History.
The town gained its first railway as early as 1848 with the opening of the Chester and Holyhead Railway, but the railway company did not provide a station to serve it. The town had to wait until 1890 for its first station, when one was built by the Wrexham, Mold and Connah's Quay Railway as the northern end of their "Hawarden Loop" line from Buckley. It connected there to the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway's line from Chester Northgate via Hawarden Bridge. 
The link to Bidston was added by the North Wales and Liverpool Railway in 1896, whilst the LNWR built two wooden platforms on the main line to Holyhead in 1907 to give the town access to trains along the coast to Crewe and Rhyl/Llandudno/Bangor & Holyhead and allow interchange with the Wrexham line.
The Beeching cuts of the 1960s saw the low level platforms closed on 14 February 1966 and services to Chester Northgate withdrawn on 9 September 1968, leaving only the Wrexham - Bidston line to serve the high-level platforms. The loss of the link to Chester proved unpopular however and BR eventually agreed to restore it by re-opening the low level platforms. Trains began calling again in August 1972 after new platforms had been built (the slow lines that served the original platforms having been removed in the late sixties as an economy measure).
Between 2009 and 2010, both sets of platforms were refurbished as part of a £1.5 million modernisation scheme. This work (which commenced in March 2009) included platform resurfacing, the installation of new waiting shelters & ticket vending machines, improved signage and a new ticket office. The scheme was completed in early November 2010 with the official opening of the new ticket office by former Alyn & Deeside MP Lord Jones.
Services.
Shotton High Level.
The high level of the station is on the Borderlands Line and consists of two platforms - 3 & 4. Services operate every 60 minutes in each direction (Monday-Saturday daytime) on the Borderlands line, between Wrexham Central and Bidston (where passengers can change for Liverpool). The frequency drops to two-hourly in the evenings and infrequently (six trains each way) on Sundays. 
To the north of the station on the Borderlands line is Hawarden Bridge over the River Dee.
Shotton Low Level.
Trains operate approximately every hour on the North Wales Coast Line. Services travel between Llandudno and Manchester Piccadilly via Chester and Warrington Bank Quay . A number of early morning & late evening services between Holyhead and either Shrewsbury or also stop here.
Sunday services are infrequent during the day although there are hourly trains in the late afternoon that run between Crewe and either Llandudno Junction or Holyhead.

</doc>
<doc id="2871852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871852" title="George Tsontakis">
George Tsontakis

George Tsontakis (born Astoria, Queens, New York City, October 24, 1951) is an American-born composer and conductor of Greek descent.
Tsontakis studied composition with Hugo Weisgall and Roger Sessions at the Juilliard School from 1974 to 1978, and later with Franco Donatoni at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome. His music has been performed and broadcast by major orchestras, chamber ensembles, and festivals throughout North and South America, Europe and Japan.
Tsontakis was honored with the "Academy Award" in 1995 from the American Academy of Arts and Letters and was the fourth recipient of the coveted Ives Living Fellowship, in 2007. Pianist Stephen Hough's recording of Tsontakis's "Ghost Variations" on Hyperion Records was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Classical Composition, and was the only classical recording among "Time" magazine's 1998 Top Ten Recordings. Tsontakis received the Berlin Prize from the American Academy in Berlin in 2002, and the University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition for his Violin Concerto No. 2 in 2005.
A proficient conductor of orchestral and choral music, Tsontakis has been a composer-in-residence with the Aspen Music Festival and conductor and the founding director of the Aspen Contemporary Ensemble at the Aspen Music School, where he teaches composition. He was an assistant professor at the Brooklyn College Conservatory of Music, and has served on the faculty of Sarah Lawrence College. He is Distinguished Faculty, Composer-in-Residence of the Bard College Conservatory of Music in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. He was a Weil fellow at Auburn University Montgomery.
Tsontakis's music has been recorded by KOCH International, New World, and Opus One, and is published by Merion Music and Poco Forte Music.
In 2008, his "Violin Concerto No. 2" was nominated for a Grammy in the category of Best Classical Contemporary Composition, but lost to John Corigliano's "Mr. Tambourine Man: Seven Poems of Bob Dylan". He served as composer-in-residence with the Albany Symphony (2007–2012) as well as the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center (2009–10).

</doc>
<doc id="2871857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871857" title="Logan Leistikow">
Logan Leistikow

Logan Leistikow (born February 25, 1984 in Nacogdoches, Texas) is an American filmmaker known for his documentary, The Comedy Garage. Leistikow also produced and directed Tom Green Live and several behind-the-scenes videos and promos for NBC.
Early short films.
In August 2006, Leistikow was "Featured Director" on the second episode of IFC's show "Media Lab Uploaded". The program consisted of an interview with Leistikow interspersed with footage from his short video works of the time (the "Bittersweet" music video, "Michael Jordan's Phobia Clinic"), followed by his viral video, "Mostache Montage", in full.
Leistikow has composed music for many of his own films, as well as other films and even video games. His now defunct "Public Music Project" had become a valuable resource for artists looking for quality royalty-free music.
In the autumn of 2006, "Reader's Digest" and The Little River Zoo commissioned Leistikow to film the world's only painting capuchin monkey, Bailey. The resulting video was featured on their website and was linked to from the November 2006 print issue of "Reader's Digest".
Tom Green Live.
Leistikow produced and directed comedian Tom Green's live internet talk show, "Tom Green Live", during the Spring and Summer months of 2007. He was rarely seen on-camera, but Tom would often talk to Logan during the show.
On the July 26, 2007 episode LA Ink's Kat Von D suggested that Tom give her a tattoo live on air. She'd brought her own equipment for the process and after deliberating for several minutes, Tom agreed to tattoo "Logan" on her arm. This was Logan's last week working at the show.
The Yellow Mic.
"The Yellow Mic" is a syndicated series of short-form man-on-the-street videos produced and hosted by Logan Leistikow. The series trademark is a hand-held microphone with a yellow windscreen that always makes an appearance. The videos range from mindless humor to entertainment news and interviews; labeled "guerilla variety" by Leistikow.
A notable episode of "The Yellow Mic" is "WGA Strike 2007" wherein Leistikow and Feigh interview WGA writers such as Chuck Lorre ("Dharma & Greg, Two and a Half Men"), and Joe Medieros ("The Tonight Show with Jay Leno") picketing outside of NBC Studios in Burbank, California. Actors Jon Cryer ("Two and a Half Men") and Erin Tietsort ("Sunset Tan") have also made guest appearances on "The Yellow Mic".
The show highlights awkward silences and pregnant pauses. A red carpet episode entitled "Streamy Awards 2009" opened with an awkward exchange involving Lisa Kudro and Yellow Mic correspondent Corbin Ross. The 'pilot' episode was in fact a video of Leistikow attempting to flirt with reality TV star Erin Tietsort and ending up interviewing a local homeless woman.
NBC.com.
From 2010 to 2011 Leistikow worked at NBC.com as a video producer and editor. He worked on several behind-the-scenes and promotional projects for NBC shows Last Comic Standing, The Apprentice, Parenthood, Days of Our Lives, Minute to Win It, and The Marriage Ref, among others.
The Comedy Garage.
In March 2011 Leistikow's first feature documentary, "The Comedy Garage", was released by distributor indieflix. It was soon released by Hulu on August 6, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2871858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871858" title="Voula">
Voula

Voula () is a town and former municipality in East Attica, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. Grigoris Kasidokostas is the mayor, elected at 14 November 2010 for the new municipality.
Geography.
Voula is a southern suburb of Athens, 16 km south of the city centre. It is located on the Saronic Gulf coast, at the southwestern foot of the Hymettus mountain. Adjacent coast towns are Glyfada to the northwest and Vouliagmeni to the south. The Greek National Road 91 (Athens - Sounio) passes through Voula. One of the largest hospitals in the Athens conurbation, "Asklipieio", lies in the northern part of Voula. It is served by the southern terminus of the Athens Tram lines 3 and 5, "Asklipieio Voulas".

</doc>
<doc id="2871863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871863" title="Broome railway station">
Broome railway station

Broome railway station is a railway station (though in present times is more akin to a halt) serving the villages of Broome and Aston on Clun, in Shropshire, England. It is situated on the Heart of Wales Line, south west of . All trains serving the station are operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
The station is, according to the most recent figures, the least used National Rail station in Shropshire.
History.
Broome station was built by the "Knighton Railway" company on their branch line between and Knighton, opening with the line in 1861. In 1895 a wind engine was erected at the station for the London and North Western Railway by John Wallis Titt.
The line was double track and the station had two platforms, but the line has been singled and the station now has just one platform.
Originally the station was named "Broom and Aston".
Services.
There are four trains a day in each direction from Monday to Saturday, and two services on Sundays. This is a request stop, whereby passengers have to signal to the driver to board or alight from the train.

</doc>
<doc id="2871866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871866" title="Wrottesley">
Wrottesley

Wrottesley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871895" title="Lomé Peace Accord">
Lomé Peace Accord

The Lomé Peace Accord was a peace agreement signed on 7 July 1999 between the warring parties in the civil war that gripped Sierra Leone for almost a decade. President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah signed with the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) leader, Foday Sankoh and granted Sankoh a position in the transitional government as well as amnesty for him and all combatants. The accord is named for Lomé, the capital of Togo, where the negotiations took place and the agreement was signed.
Context.
The conflict had been dragging on since a RUF coup attempt against Kabbah in 1997. Sierra Leonean politicians at home and abroad were ready to negotiate with the rebels, including Omrie Golley and Pallo Bangura (AFRC/RUF junta's "foreign minister"). At the same time, President Kabbah was worn down from the fighting, the coup attempt, the siege of Freetown (Sierra Leone's capital), and the weakening support of the Nigerians in ECOMOG, a peacekeeping force in the country. Kabbah wanted peace, and was willing to make sacrifices. Sankoh wanted power, and was willing to fight for it. On 18 May, in the presence of United States special envoy Jesse Jackson and Togolese president Gnassingbé Eyadéma, Kabbah and Sankoh signed an initial cease-fire in Lomé. As a result, Sankoh, along with a negotiation team consisting of field commanders and allies, went to Lomé for negotiations with Kabbah's delegation, headed by Attorney General Solomon Berewa. After delays, the negotiations began in Lomé on 26 May.
Negotiations.
The RUF wanted a four-year Transitional Government of National Unity to be formed with Sankoh as its vice president. Berewa conceded some seats for RUF members in the transitional government and that the RUF could form a political party in elections to be held in 2001 but would not grant the vice-presidency. Four cabinet posts and four deputy-ministerial positions were eventually granted to the RUF, subject to approval by the Parliament of Sierra Leone, and on the RUF side, on the agreement of senior rebel commander Sam Bockarie, as well as some other field commanders.
A RUF team headed by People's War Council chairman Soloman Y. B. Rogers returned to Sierra Leone to garner the support of rebel command. Bockarie pushed for more seats but rescinded after Charles Taylor intervened. Finally, Kabbah and Sankoh signed the agreement in Lomé on 7 July 1999. The Parliament unanimously ratified the accord on 16 July.
Contents of the agreement.
The Lomé Peace Agreement contained thirty-seven articles and five annexes. It was largely a rehash of the Abidjan Peace Accord. It included commitments to end hostilities, reestablish the Commission for the Consolidation of Peace, provide for demobilization and disarmament, and aid in the reintegration of combatants into civil society. It also granted amnesty to Sankoh and all rebel combatants (Article IX) and allowed for the RUF to become a political party. To achieve these goals, it called for the UN observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and ECOMOG to form a neutral peacekeeping force, and all mercenaries to leave the country, as well as a creation of a new Sierra Leone Army.
Sankoh was offered chairmanship of the Commission for the Management of Strategic Resources, National Reconstruction, and Development (Article V), which was to have the status of vice president, answerable only to the president.
Aftermath of the agreement.
Immediately after the signing of the agreement, thousands of civilians and rebels made their way into the cities from the countryside searching for food and overwhelming aid agencies capabilities. However, with government hired mercenaries (especially Executive Outcomes) out of the country, the second highest member of the RUF, Sam Bockarie, refused to disarm. Rebel activity continued (notably that of new group, the West Side Boys), and Freetown was again under siege by May, 2000. Disarmament of rebel forces finally began in earnest in May 2001.
Criticism.
The granting of amnesty was highly objectionable from the perspective of the UN. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Mary Robinson, instructed UN representative Francis Okelo not to sign the agreement. However, Okelo was able to convince the UN that his signature was necessary for peace, and he signed with the caveat that the UN would not recognize amnesty for acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and other serious violations of international humanitarian law, as per the request of the United nations Security Council.

</doc>
<doc id="2871898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871898" title="Markkula Center for Applied Ethics">
Markkula Center for Applied Ethics

The Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University promotes research and dialogue in five major focus areas: Bioethics, Business Ethics, Campus Ethics, Character Education, and Government Ethics. The Center offers public talks, workshops, and training, as well as sponsoring activities on the SCU campus for students, faculty, and staff. The Center was created by an endowment from Apple Inc. co-founder Mike Markkula.
Focus Areas.
Bioethics.
Through partnerships with area hospitals and hospices, the Center works in the area of clinical ethics, especially in developing policies on issues such as organ donation after cardiac death and artificial nutrition and hydration. The hospitals also provide the sites for a Health Care Ethics Internship for undergraduates. The Center’s bioethics research has focused on “Medical Decision Making for Unbefriended and Unrepresented Patients,” “Culturally Competent Care,” and “Pandemic Ethics. “ Center Bioethics Director Margaret R. McLean was a consultant to the Santa Clara County Department of Public Health on pandemic ethics. She served as an advisor to the California Senate Select Committee on Genetics and is currently a consultant to the California Department of Public Health.
Business Ethics.
The Center’s Business and Organizational Ethics Partnership brings together business executives and business ethics scholars from Santa Clara University and other Bay Area institutions. The partnership is a forum to learn how to create an ethical organizational culture. It has sponsored research on issues such as “Encouraging Internal Whistleblowing” and “Corporate Moral Responsibility and the Ethics of Product Usage.” The Center’s Executive Director Kirk O. Hanson was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in Business Ethics by Ethisphere magazine in 2007 and received a Liftetime Achievement Award from the Aspen Institute’s Center for Business Education.
Campus Ethics.
More than 60 members of the Santa Clara University faculty are scholars of the Ethics Center with expertise in a variety of fields from literature to engineering. The Center offers both faculty and student Hackworth Grants for research on applied ethics and Hackworth Fellowships for students interested in creating programming on ethics for their peers. The Campus Ethics Program also organizes weekly presentations on ethics in many applied fields, including technology, diversity, immigration, law, and other topics.
Character Education.
The Center’s Character-Based Literacy Program, which weaves ethics into the curriculum, is used by the offices of education in 41 of California’s 50 counties, in addition to many individual schools and districts throughout the country. The program provides detailed lesson plans, literature recommendations, and concrete activities that address ethical questions within the parameters of California state standards for middle and high school language arts, high school US History, World History, Biology, and Earth Science. The Center provides a similar program in the language arts for Catholic middle schools.
Government Ethics.
An online "Introduction to Government Ethics" outlines the Center’s main focuses in government ethics, including conflicts of interest, gifts and bribes, cronyism, lobbying, transparency, and the personal lives of public officials. Ethics cases are available on each of these issues. The Center’s Ethics Roundtable for Locally Elected Officials convenes mayors, councilpeople, county supervisors, and members of special districts quarterly to discuss how these issues play out in their work. Center Senior Fellow in Government Ethics Judy Nadler was formerly the mayor of Santa Clara, California.
Online Resources.
The Center’s Web site offers more than 3,000 pages of material on ethics, including a section on ethical decision making, which features the Center’s “Framework for Ethical Decision Making” and the article, “What is Ethics?” Collections of articles are available on each of the Center’s focus areas plus Technology Ethics, Immigration and Ethics, Environmental Ethics, and Media Ethics. The Center’s Web site was named one of six useful ethics resources in the Wall Street Journal. It is also reviewed in the Librarian’s Internet Index and the Scout Report.

</doc>
<doc id="2871901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871901" title="Air Force ranks and insignia of India">
Air Force ranks and insignia of India

The IAF's rank structure is based on that of the Royal Air Force. The highest rank attainable in the IAF is Marshal of the Indian Air Force, conferred by the President of India after exceptional service during wartime. MIAF Arjan Singh is the only officer to have achieved this rank. The head of the Indian Air Force is the Chief of the Air Staff, who holds the rank of Air Chief Marshal. The current Chief of the Air Staff is Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, appointed on December 31, 2013, following the retirement of Air Chief Marshal N.A.K Browne
Officer Ranks.
The following table shows the officer rank insignia for the Indian Air Force. Even though India is not a NATO country, the NATO ranking codes are given for comparison with other nations' military ranks (see Air force officer rank insignia for more information).
Junior Commissioned Officer and Non Commissioned ranks.
Good Good
See also.
NC(E) rank is in air force and used by UNO

</doc>
<doc id="2871908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871908" title="Pohlmeyer charge">
Pohlmeyer charge

In theoretical physics Pohlmeyer charge, named for Klaus Pohlmeyer, is a conserved charge invariant under the Virasoro algebra or its generalization. It can be obtained by expanding the holonomies (generating functions)
with respect to the constant matrices "T". The gauge field formula_2 is defined as a combination of formula_3 and its conjugate.
According to the logic of loop quantum gravity and algebraic quantum field theory, these charges are the right physical quantities that should be used for quantization. This logic is however incompatible with the standard and well-established methods of quantum field theory based on Fock space and perturbation theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2871911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871911" title="Builth Road railway station">
Builth Road railway station

Builth Road railway station is a station primarily serving the town of Builth Wells, in mid Wales. It is situated on the Heart of Wales Line. The station is just over two miles (about 3.5 km) north of Builth Wells on the A470.
All trains serving the station are operated by Arriva Trains Wales. There are four trains a day in each direction from Monday to Saturday, and two services on Sundays.
The station uses one of the high level platforms of the former interchange station with the earlier Mid Wales Railway (closed 31 December 1962) which served the town of Builth Wells directly on its route from Cardiff to the North. The original station did not originally bear the name "Builth Road".
During the Royal Welsh Show, Arriva Trains Wales run special services with connecting buses into Builth Wells.
Terminology.
The addition of the word "Road" to the name of the station indicates that the station is not located at Builth, but is some distance away on the road to Builth. Similarly, Gwinear Road, Beaulieu Road.
It is unusual in retaining the term "road": in recent times some such stations have been provided with park and ride facilities and renamed "Parkway", for example Bodmin Parkway. But it is not the only station on the line to retain the "Road" suffix, as the station serving Llanbister retains the name Llanbister Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2871931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871931" title="Q-in-Law">
Q-in-Law

Q-in-Law is a 1991 "" novel by Peter David. It features Lwaxana Troi and Q. The book was ignored by the Star Trek office at Paramount, and apparently published only at the insistence of Majel Barrett, the actress who played Lwaxana on the television series, and was wife to its creator Gene Roddenberry..
Plot.
The "Enterprise" (NCC-1701-D) is assigned to diplomatic duty to host the wedding between two houses of the Tizarin, a race that lives only in space and engages in commerce. One of the guests is Lwaxana Troi, to represent Betazed. The time setting places it after the events of "Deja Q" (third season) and before "Q-Pid" (fourth season). Kerin, heir to the house of Nistral, will marry Sehra, the daughter of the house of Graziunas.
Q puts in an appearance. Although he toys with Picard while asking to be allowed to attend the wedding festivities, he promises to behave himself. Q attracts Lwaxana's notice, and she is fascinated by Q. To Picard's horror, Q fans the flames of love. Later, Q also begins to fan the animosity between the two Tizarin houses, mainly by feeding on the occasional blowups between the bride and groom, who are themselves irritated: Sehra by her future father-in-law Nistral's comments and Kerin by his future mother-in-law Mrs. Graziunas' comments.
The two families come to battle, and a despairing Lwaxana wishes she could do something. Q gives her power, and Lwaxana stops the battle, and Kerin and Serah determine they will marry, no matter what. Meanwhile, Q has revealed his true colors: another way of annoying lower life forms. He scorns Lwaxana, who gives Q a serious thrashing, thanks to Q2 helping her hold onto the power.
Meanwhile, a gift of gratitude by Sehra to Wesley Crusher turns out to be anything but a joy, as Sehra gives Wesley a clumsy slave girl. After much pain and a broken rib, Wesley returns the slave girl to Sehra, who had been trying to get rid of her but is now happy to have her back.
Production.
The audiobook version of the novel was read by Majel Barrett and John de Lancie, who would talk in character during the sequences with Lwaxana and Q.

</doc>
<doc id="2871936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871936" title="Guadalupe Loaeza">
Guadalupe Loaeza

María Guadalupe Loaeza Tovar (born in 1946) is a contemporary Mexican writer, author of many books including "Las Niñas Bien", "Las Reinas de Polanco", "Debo, Luego Sufro" and "Compro, Luego Existo", in which she ironizes about the Mexican upper class. A participant in Elena Poniatowska's writing workshops in the mid-1980s, she has transformed her success as a chronicler, observer, and critic of the Mexican bourgeoisie and the post-1985 democratization of Mexico into a successful career. Known for her trademark pearl necklace (a family heirloom) and for her francophile tendencies, she has become an influential cultural figure. Some of her books are compilations of her articles published in newspapers such as Unomasuno and La Jornada. She was born in Mexico City. She had two children from her first marriage. In 2003, Guadalupe Loaeza received the distinction of Chevalier from the Légion d'Honneur of France.
As of 2008, Loaeza is a columnist for the Reforma newspaper and is married to Dr. Enrique Goldbard.

</doc>
<doc id="2871940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871940" title="Internal ribosome entry site">
Internal ribosome entry site

An internal ribosome entry site, abbreviated IRES, is a nucleotide sequence that allows for translation initiation in the middle of a messenger RNA (mRNA) sequence as part of the greater process of protein synthesis. Usually, in eukaryotes, translation can be initiated only at the 5' end of the mRNA molecule, since 5' cap recognition is required for the assembly of the initiation complex. The location for these sites is often in the 5'UTR.
History.
These sequences were first discovered in 1988 in poliovirus RNA and encephalomyocarditis virus RNA in the labs of Nahum Sonenberg and Eckard Wimmer, respectively. They are described as distinct regions of RNA molecules that are able to attract the eukaryotic ribosome to the mRNA molecule and, therefore, allow translation initiation to occur. This process became known as the internal initiation of translation. It has been hypothesized that IRES elements have a distinct secondary or even tertiary structure, but similar structural features at the levels of either primary or secondary structure that are common to all IRES segments have not been reported to date.
Cancer: 5′-UTR of Laminin-B1 harbors IRES between −293 and −1 upstream of the start codon. 2011 [http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/content/40/1/290.full
Location.
It is common that IRESes are located in the 5'UTR of RNA viruses and allow translation of the RNAs in a cap-independent manner. However, mRNAs of viruses from "Dicistroviridae" family possess two ORFs (open reading frames), translation of both being directed by two distinct IRESes. It was later suggested that some mammalian mRNAs also have IRES. Several cellular IRES elements are thought to be located in eukaryotic mRNAs encoding genes involved in stress survival, and other processes critical to survival. As of September 2009, there are 60 animal and 8 plant viruses reported to contain IRES segments and 115 mRNA sequences containing them as well.
Activation.
IRES are often used by viruses as a means to ensure that viral translation is active during periods of time when host translation is inhibited. These mechanisms of host translation inhibition are varied, and can be initiated by both virus and host, depending on the type of virus in question. However, in the case of most picornaviruses, this is accomplished by the viral protease cleaving eIF-4G so that it cannot interact with eIF-4E. Interaction between these two initiation factors is necessary for mRNA 5'cap to 3'poly-A-tail loop formation, which is usually a necessary event for initiation of translation. The virus may even use the eIF-4G to aid in initiation of IRES-mediated translation.
The cell may also use IRES to increase translation of certain proteins during mitosis and programmed cell death. In mitosis, the cell dephosphorylates eIF-4E so that it has little affinity for the 5'cap. As a result, the pre-initiation mRNA loop is not formed, and the translational machinery is diverted to IRES within the mRNA. Many proteins involved in mitosis are encoded by IRES mRNA. In programmed cell death, cleavage of eIF-4G, such as performed by viruses, decreases translation. Lack of essential proteins contributes to the death of the cell, as does translation of IRES mRNA sequences coding proteins involved in controlling cell death.
Mechanism.
The mechanism of viral IRES function to date is better characterized than the mechanism of cellular IRES function, for which no clear mechanism have been proposed yet. Hepatitis C Virus-related IRESs directly bind 40S ribosomal subunit in such a way that their initiator codons are located in ribosomal P-site without mRNA scanning. These IRESs do not require Eukaryotic initiation factors eIF1, 1A, 4A, 4B, and 4E. Picornavirus IRES do not attract 40S directly, but rather through high-affinity eIF4G-binding site. In addition, many viral IRES (as well as cellular IRES) require additional proteins to mediate their function, known as IRES "trans"-acting factors (ITAFs). The role of ITAFs in IRES function is currently the subject of intense research.
Testing.
Testing a particular RNA sequence for IRES activity relies on a bicistronic reporter construct. When an IRES segment is located between two reporter open reading frames in a eukaryotic mRNA molecule (a bicistronic mRNA), it can drive translation of the downstream protein coding region independently of the 5'-cap structure bound to the 5' end of the mRNA molecule. In such a setup both proteins are produced in the cell. The first reporter protein located in the first cistron is synthesized by the cap-dependent initiation approach while translation initiation of the second protein is directed by the IRES segment located in the intercistronic spacer region between the two reporter protein coding regions. However, there are several caveats to be aware of when interpreting data produced using bicistronic reporter constructs. For example, there are several known cases of mis-reported IRES segments that were later recognized as promoter-containing regions. More recently, splice acceptor sites within several presumed IRES segments have been shown to be responsible for apparent IRES function in bicistronic reporter assays.

</doc>
<doc id="2871946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871946" title="Michel-Dimitri Calvocoressi">
Michel-Dimitri Calvocoressi

Michel-Dimitri Calvocoressi (2 October 1877, Marseille, France1 February 1944, London, England) was a multilingual music writer and critic who promoted musicians such as Franz Liszt and Modest Mussorgsky.
Life.
Calvocoressi was born in France of Greek parents. At first, he studied law at the Lycée Janson de Sailly, and then studied music at the Conservatoire de Paris with Xavier Leroux. He became friends with Maurice Ravel. As a talented polyglot, Calvocoressi began a career in 1902 as a music critic and correspondent for several English, American, German and Russian periodicals. He also translated song texts, opera librettos and books from Russian and Hungarian into French and English. His subject of his first book was Liszt, but he was a strong proponent of Mussorgsky and other Russian musicians.
Calvocoressi lectured at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes Sociales from 1905 to 1914, teaching about contemporary music. At the onset of World War I, the Greek Calvocoressi found himself unable to serve the French cause. He moved to London an served as a cryptographer. He spent the rest of his life in England, was naturalized, married an English citizen, and wrote the remainder of his books in English. Calvocoressi was a member of the Apaches music society.
Proponent of Russian Music.
Calvocoressi's legacy as a music critic and translator was his advocacy for Russian music. He wrote three books on Modest Mussorgsky. He was the French advisor for Sergei Diaghilev as Diaghilev was introducing Russian arts to the French.

</doc>
<doc id="2871964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871964" title="Calvocoressi">
Calvocoressi

Calvocoressi can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871971" title="Kosjerić">
Kosjerić

Kosjerić (; ) is a town and municipality in Western Serbia. The municipality has 12,090 inhabitants, but the town itself has 3,992. The municipality's area is , with 26 villages mostly placed in the river valleys, though there are also some settlements in the mountains at altitudes of more than .
Geography.
The town is situated on the road between Vojvodina and Belgrade on one end and the Adriatic Sea on the other. The town is near the mountain tourist centers: Divčibare and Zlatibor. It lies at the foothill of Drmanovina and Crnokosa and from south Povlen and Maljen mountains.
History.
The exact date of the town's founding is unclear. Near the town archaeologists have found Roman and Serbian medieval relics, but it is believed that mass immigration occurred before the Serbian Revolution at the beginning of the nineteenth century with people from Montenegro, East Bosnia and the Western Serbian mountains Zlatibor and Tara.
This part of Serbia was under the rule of the Nemanjić dynasty until the Ottoman Empire seized control of the country in 1463. During the next two centuries roads were built and major development began linking the Adriatic Sea to western Serbia and to the east. Wars between Austria-Hungary and the Turks took a toll on the population numbers in Kosjerić.
It is thought that the oldest inhabitants of the town were from the family Kosijer. From legends it is said that Antonije Kosjer came from Kosijer in Montenegro and brought his three sons along with him. After that Jovan Baronim came from the village Bare and his sister accompanied him with seven sons. It is recorded that there was migration from the village of Divci and from Montenegrin Kolašin.
Rapid development began in 1882, but it was suppressed by the faster growing communities of nearby bigger towns, Valjevo and Požega. Kosjerić reached the status of the town in 1966 and economic development after the completion of the Belgrade-Bar railway in 1972.
Villages in the municipality of Kosjerić.
Municipality of Kosjerić has 27 villages :
Kosjerić is officially classified as « urban areas » (in Serbian : and ). 
All other areas are considered as « villages » (in Serbian : /).
Economy.
Today Kosjerić is the town with the highest economic standard in Western Serbia. It has a cement factory that is one of the most successful companies in Serbia. After the fall of socialism Kosjerić soon became the town with the highest part of private capital in whole country.
Cement factory.
One of the most famed cement factories is located in Kosjerić and has helped boost the economic prosperity not only for the town but for the whole region.
On January 30, 2002, TITAN Group and the Serbian Privatisation Agency signed an agreement for the transfer of 70% of the share capital of the Kosjerić Cement Company. The acquisition cost amounts to $35.5 million. The production capacity of the Kosjerić cement plant is 600.000 tons. The Agreement with the Serbian Government includes a mandatory investment program of $ 28.5 million, which will increase the factory's production capacity to more than 800.000 tons. Many of the town citizens are employed at the factory.
Production.
Due to its location and climate Kosjerić has a strong production of fruit and vegetables. Serbia is known for its production of plums and raspberries around the world and in Kosjerić they are widely grown. The area is well known for its plum brandy, 40-45% ABV ("ljuta rakija"). Kosjerić also has a factory for concrete pipelines production "Pim-Grad", a factory for the manufacture of electric equipment "Elkok" http://www.elkok.co.rs/, and factories for the manufacture of concrete elements called "Kofeniks" and "Povlen".
Tourism.
Kosjerić is trying to create a strong tourism industry, which is supported by the "Serbian village tourist board". Kosjerić has attracted many people from central Serbia for its famed "Shepard festival" which is held every July.
Also, every year in Kosjeric an NGO called K-Town Group organize an International art camp Kosjeric which includes different art workshops with 50 participants from around the world.
The development and reconstruction of the Hotel Olympic has also further helped increase tourist numbers.
Features.
Kosjerić and the surrounding area are known for their fresh air and beautiful nature. High mountains, fields, wood and water wells surround the town and it is famous for country tourism and the production of healthy food. Fresh air and nice climate are very appropriate for different sports; hence Kosjerić became a famous sport centre equipped with different types of sport fields on 40,000 square metres, sports hall with 700 places, Olympic pool and several football, basketball and handball playgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2871976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871976" title="Stalin (disambiguation)">
Stalin (disambiguation)

Joseph Stalin (1878–1953) was the leader of the Soviet Union from the mid-1920s until his death in 1953.
Stalin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871977" title="Thao Thep Kasattri and Thao Sri Sunthon">
Thao Thep Kasattri and Thao Sri Sunthon

Thao Thep Kasattri () and Thao Sri Sunthon () were styles awarded to Than Phuying Chan (), wife of the then recently deceased governor of Phuket Province, and her sister, Khun Muk (), who defended the island in the late eighteenth century. According to popular belief, they repelled a five-week invasion by Burmese in 1785, by dressing up as male soldiers and rallying Siamese troops. Chan and Muk were later honored by King Rama I with the Thai honorific "Thao", as Thao Thep Kasattri and Thao Sri Sunthon, respectively. 
The "Heroine's Monument" honouring them is situated on the main highway (402) between the Phuket International Airport and Phuket town.

</doc>
<doc id="2871978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871978" title="Criteria Studios">
Criteria Studios

Criteria Studios is a music-recording studio in Miami, Florida, started in 1958 by Mack Emerman.
In 1999, The Hit Factory purchased Criteria Studios, revamping and reopening the studios under the new name The Hit Factory Criteria Miami.
250 Gold or Platinum Singles or Albums were recorded at Criteria, including "Layla", "I Feel Good" and "Eat a Peach", as well as parts of "Hotel California" and "Rumours".
Notable artists.
A selected list of artists who have recorded singles and/or albums at the studio include:
"(in plain alphabetical order as if all are an entity, i.e., Eric Clapton under the letter "E")"

</doc>
<doc id="2871987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871987" title="Sarnia Arena">
Sarnia Arena

The Sarnia Arena is a 2,302 capacity arena in Sarnia, Ontario that is home to the Sarnia Legionnaires, one of the most successful teams in Canadian junior ice hockey history. Located at the corner of Wellington and Brock Streets, it is the largest arena owned by the city of Sarnia. It was built in 1948 and is currently home to the Legionnaires of the Western Junior B Hockey League, as well as minor hockey teams and minor hockey tournaments.
The Legionnaires have won six championships and launched the careers of nine NHL players, including Hall of Famer Phil Esposito.
Sarnia Mayor Mike Bradley credits the Legionnaires with keeping the Sarnia Arena alive. In fact, because the team drew such huge crowds in the 2008-09 season, city council decided to put in new seating, higher glass and to repair the roof. There had been talk of tearing the building down, but that disappeared after the '09 Legionnaires drew more than 50,000 fans to their games.
While used primarily for ice hockey, it is also used for skating lessons, public skating sessions, the circus, high school graduation ceremonies, and other special events. Until McMorran Place in Port Huron, Michigan was built in 1960, it was the Blue Water region's primary concert venue.
The Sarnia Sting of the Ontario Hockey League played at the arena briefly in the mid-1990s while the Sarnia Sports and Entertainment Centre was under construction. The arena was not large enough to host the OHL team permanently, and the Sting were only allowed to move to Sarnia on the condition that a new arena (now the RBC Centre) be built.
In January 1957 the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL played an exhibition game at the Sarnia Arena against the Legionnaires. The Hawks won, but the Sarnia Jr. 'B' team got six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="2871992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871992" title="George C. Lodge">
George C. Lodge

George Cabot Lodge II (born July 7, 1927) is an American professor and former politician.
Early life.
Lodge's father was a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, U.S. Ambassador to United Nations and South Vietnam, and 1960 vice presidential candidate for Richard Nixon against John F. Kennedy-Lyndon B. Johnson. His mother was Emily Esther Sears. His brother Henry Sears Lodge was born in 1930.
After finishing high school at Groton School, Lodge served in the U.S. Navy from 1945-1946 and then entered Harvard College, graduating "cum laude" in 1950. While at Harvard he was a member of the Krokodiloes.
Career.
Lodge was a political reporter and columnist at the "Boston Herald" prior to entering federal civil service.
In 1954, Lodge became Director of Information at the U.S. Department of Labor. In 1958, he was appointed Assistant Secretary of Labor for International Affairs by Dwight D. Eisenhower, and was reappointed by John F. Kennedy in 1961. He was the United States Delegate to the International Labor Organization and was elected chairman of the organization's Governing Body in 1960.
He later entered politics and was the 1962 U.S. Senate candidate from Massachusetts against Ted Kennedy, marking the third time in history that the Lodges faced the Kennedys in a Massachusetts election. Previously, Lodge's father was the incumbent 1952 U.S. Senate candidate from Massachusetts against John F. Kennedy. Additionally, Lodge's patrilineal great-grandfather Henry Cabot Lodge was reelected for the same senate seat as the incumbent 1916 U.S. Senate candidate against the Kennedy brothers' maternal grandfather, John F. Fitzgerald.
In 1963, Lodge joined the Harvard Business School faculty. In 1968, he was named Associate Professor of Business Administration. In 1972, Lodge received tenure. He is currently the Jaime and Josefina Chua Tiampo Professor of Business Administration, Emeritus.
Personal life.
Lodge met his wife, the late Nancy Kunhardt, daughter of author Dorothy Kunhardt, while she was studying at the Harvard Graduate School of Education and they married in 1949. They have three sons and three daughters. One of their daughters, also named Nancy, is a published children's author and professor of art history. After his wife's death in 1997, he remarried Susan Alexander Powers, who has three children from her previous marriage.
Bibliography.
"Incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="2871995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871995" title="David Westlake">
David Westlake

David Westlake is a British singer/songwriter. People tend to know Westlake’s work through usually one of three associations. Firstly, Westlake formed indie band the Servants in 1985 in Hayes, Middlesex, England; the Servants were on 1986’s "NME"-associated "C86" compilation, and the expanded 48-song reissue version "CD86" in 2006. Secondly, the Servants was the original home of Luke Haines (leader of The Auteurs and Black Box Recorder). And thirdly, as chronicled in an interview in US music magazine "The Big Takeover" (issue 53, 2004), Belle & Sebastian frontman Stuart Murdoch was a huge Westlake fan and was trying to locate him during the years that the older singer was dormant in hope of forming a band with him, before launching Belle & Sebastian in his school class instead.
The Servants' "Small Time" album was well received on its 2012 Cherry Red Records release, more than twenty years after its 1991-recording. The belated release followed the inclusion of 1990's "Disinterest" in "Mojo" magazine's 2011 list of the greatest British indie records of all time.
Westlake’s first solo LP, 1987’s "Westlake", was released on Creation Records. His second, "Play Dusty For Me", appeared in 2002. This was released, sort of, in a highly limited issue that quickly sold out but was still never re-pressed. London's Angular Recording Corporation issued a digital version in 2010. Westlake is backed on "Play Dusty For Me" by guitarist Dan Cross and brothers Cormac and Willis Moore on bass and drums. Jack Rabid at "The Big Takeover" noted the "general unhurried nature of an LP put out for pure love rather than commercial gain."
The Servants.
The Servants played their first gig at The Water Rats Theatre in London's King's Cross on July 1, 1985. They were signed by Head Records, an independent record label started by Jeff Barrett, later head of Heavenly Records. Westlake's urbane English song-writing was well received by the press, and the band was invited to record a John Peel session soon after the release of first single "She's Always Hiding" (March '86). Keen to distance themselves from the "shambling" scene, the band earned a reputation for haughtiness. An invitation by the then-popular "NME" to appear on their "C86" compilation was grudgingly accepted, though the band insisted on the track being the B-side of their first single - the wrong-footing "Transparent". The "NME" compilation turned out to sell well and the Servants became known for a lesser track. The band’s next release, the four-song e.p. "The Sun, A Small Star" (August '86), showed Westlake’s song-writing becoming still more deft, the title-track being later described by Luke Haines as "a 24 carat 'Brown Eyed Girl' classic".
Luke Haines was in the Servants from early 1987 to late 1991. Haines made his recording debut on the "Westlake" album (which featured, too, the Triffids' rhythm section), later describing it as a minor classic. Westlake and Haines undertook a tour of Britain to promote the record, but Creation failed to release it until six months later. "Westlake" received good reviews, but otherwise disappeared.
Out of the blue Westlake received a telephone call from Hugh Whitaker, drummer with chart-stars the Housemartins. Whitaker felt his band had become too big, and offered his services to the Servants. The band returned to the studio to demo new material for Creation. At the end of the year Creation Records dropped the Servants. Goodwill from the music industry was low, and luck was thin on the ground.
Mid-'88 the Servants were thrown a lifeline by Dave Barker, owner of Glass Records, who promised a reasonable budget to record an album. The plan was to go into Elephant studios with producer John Brand, who had worked with Hayes punk-band the Ruts. At the eleventh hour the band were told that Glass distributors Red Rhino had "gone bust". The budget was slashed, but they went into the studio to record an epic single, "It's My Turn". They played some gigs to support the single but the record company delayed releasing the record for a year. The Servants eventually released an album, "Disinterest", in 1990 on Paperhouse Records. "It is Art Rock," Haines later said, "Ten years too late and fifteen years too early."
The Servants' last gig was at the Rock Garden, 21 August 1991 - "With no room to manoeuvre and no opportunities left", the band finally called it a day. Cherry Red Records released a 2006 retrospective of the Servants, called "Reserved". The compilation features all of the releases prior to the "Disinterest" album plus Peel session tracks and demos. U.S. label Captured Tracks released a 2011 vinyl compilation of the Servants, called "Youth Club Disco".
Westlake and Haines had recorded the Servants' second album, "Small Time", in 1991, but not until twenty-one years later - following the inclusion of "Disinterest" in "Mojo" magazine's 2011 list of the greatest British indie records of all time, - was it released, in 2012 on Cherry Red Records (then in 2013 on Captured Tracks). The songs on "Small Time" are, says Haines, "looser, more mysterious, strange and beautiful, [. . .] sounding . . . like nothing else really." The long unavailability of 1990's "Disinterest" is explained in the album's notes: it is "stuck in an irretrievable record company quagmire, where it looks set to remain." "Small Time" was issued with a second disc, "Hey Hey We're the Manqués", containing demos and rehearsal versions of first-album material.
Westlake and Haines played together for the first time in twenty-three years at the Lexington, London N1 on 4 May 2014.
David Westlake became a solicitor in the 1990s; since 2004 he has also lectured part-time at Brunel University, London, where he completed a Ph.D. on Jacobean city comedy.
Discography.
Singles
Albums
Videos

</doc>
<doc id="2872000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872000" title="United States Department of Veterans Affairs Police">
United States Department of Veterans Affairs Police

The United States Department of Veterans Affairs Police is the uniformed law enforcement service of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, responsible for the protection of the VA Medical Centers and other facilities such as VA hospitals (VAMC), Outpatient Clinics (OPC) and Community Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOC) operated by United States Department of Veterans Affairs and its subsidiary components of the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) as well as the National Cemetery Administration (NCA) and the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) respectively. The VA Police have several divisions and operate separately but alongside the VA Law Enforcement Training Center (VA LETC) under the umbrella of the Office of Security and Law Enforcement. The primary role of VA Police is to serve as a protective uniformed police force in order to deter and prevent crime, maintain order, and investigate crimes (ranging from summary to felony offenses) which may have occurred within the jurisdiction of the Department or its federal assets. Some cases are investigated in conjunction with agents from the Office of the Inspector General (VA OIG).
The Office of Security and Law Enforcement (OS&LE) is the parent agency of the VA Police within the Law Enforcement Oversight & Criminal Investigation Division (LEO/CID) which provides national oversight to individual VA Police Services at each location throughout the United States. They also facilitate support, guidance, funds and regulation of the Police Service and their corresponding independent facilities. Upper level management and specialty positions other than Police Officer include (in no particular order); Detective and Special Agent (Criminal Investigator). Other semi standardized rank structures are developed within each VA Police Service at the local level. These serve to reflect job title, function, and/or role and range from Sergeant to Chief. The VA Police also maintain groups of specialty service elements such as K-9, bicycle, boat and motorcycle patrols.
The VA Police are an armed, federal law enforcement and protective service entity that operates in and around the various Veterans Affairs Medical Centers, National Cemeteries and other VA facilities located throughout the whole of United States to include Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. Among others, the VA Police are a specialized federal law enforcement agency, whose officers have full police powers derived from statutory authority to enforce all federal laws, VA rules and regulations, and to make arrests on VA controlled property whether owned or leased.
VA Police encounters and methods of law enforcement are often unique due to the fact that the majority of their work is conducted in and around a clinical or medical setting. Enhanced methodology and incident solutions (including advanced interpersonal communication, conflict resolution, and problem solving skills) are required by their officers to be successful; as in addition to the full range of incidents and calls for service one might normally associate with police work, the VA Police also often encounter trained military veterans suffering from medical and psychological traumas. Beyond normal law enforcement contact with the general public, VA Police officers also work in an environment which includes an extremely high percentage of individuals (to include patients and even other VA employees) who are military trained veterans (with an increasingly large number of individuals who are returning combat veterans). VA Police officers must strive to enforce the law while working with other VA staff to maintain an equitable balance; ensuring that the medical needs of the veterans/patients are being met while at the same time continuing to operate as a full federal law enforcement agency.
Although the Office of Security and Law Enforcement exists and policies and training are standardized, VA Police operate throughout the United States under the direction of individual facility directors (much like a municipal agency would function under a mayor), causing an extensive amount of difference in operational format. VA Police personnel serving in the Executive Protection Division provide Protective Services for the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs. The Veterans Affairs Police (Service) is made up of over 2800 appointed officers and administrative personnel. The agency's motto is "Protecting Those Who Served".
History.
The United States Department of Veterans Affairs was founded in 1930. The VA Protective Service was established that year and was charged with
maintaining order, protecting persons and property, and ensuring fire safety. As the VA evolved, the fire safety role was turned over to the Engineering Service and the Protective Service became a security guard force (OPM GS 0085 series).
By 1973 U.S. federal law, the guard force was abolished and the VA Police (0083 series) was established. The President and Congress made this decision due in part to the changing needs of the VA and an increase in police-related matters not usually handled by a guard force or community law enforcement agencies. The agency has expanded in size since its inception and it now constitutes the largest uniformed federal police agency in the United States.
Statutory Authority.
38 U.S.C. § 902 : US Code - Section 902: Enforcement and arrest authority of Department police officers
-STATUTE-
(a)(1) Employees of the Department who are Department police officers shall, with respect to acts occurring on Department property— 
(A) enforce Federal laws; 
(B) enforce the rules prescribed under section 901 of this title; 
(C) enforce traffic and motor vehicle laws of a State or local government (by issuance of a citation for violation of such laws) within the jurisdiction of which such Department property is located as authorized by an express grant of authority under applicable State or local law; 
(D) carry the appropriate Department-issued weapons, including firearms, while off Department property in an official capacity or while in an official travel status; 
(E) conduct investigations, on and off Department property, of offenses that may have been committed on property under the original jurisdiction of Department, consistent with agreements or other consultation with affected Federal, State, or local law enforcement agencies; and 
(F) carry out, as needed and appropriate, the duties described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) when engaged in duties authorized by other Federal statutes. 
(2) Subject to regulations prescribed under subsection (b), a Department police officer may make arrests on Department property for a violation of a Federal law or any rule prescribed under section 901 (a) of this title, and on any arrest warrant issued by competent judicial authority. 
(b) The Secretary shall prescribe regulations with respect to Department police officers. Such regulations shall include— 
(1) policies with respect to the exercise by Department police officers of the enforcement and arrest authorities provided by this section; 
(2) the scope and duration of training that is required for Department police officers, with particular emphasis on dealing with situations involving patients; and 
(3) rules limiting the carrying and use of weapons by Department police officers. 
(c) The powers granted to Department police officers designated under this section shall be exercised in accordance with guidelines approved by the Secretary and the Attorney General. 
Expanded authority signed into law on May 5, 2010 by the President Of The United States (becoming Public Law No: 111-163). 
Line-of-duty deaths.
Seven officers of the VA Police died in the line of duty:
Personnel.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Police currently have entry qualifications comparable to other Law enforcement in the United States. All VA Police Officers are required to have either a minimum of two years of experience in law enforcement with arrest authority (in federal, state, municipal, or military police), or have a bachelor's degree in criminal justice. Applicants must also undergo a physical abilities test, fingerprinting, physical examination, Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) psychological evaluation and background investigation.
Upon selection, VA Police Officers go through an eight-week basic training course (academy) at the VA Law Enforcement Training Center (LETC) located on Fort Logan H. Roots in Little Rock, Arkansas alongside the Eugene J. Towbin Veterans Medical Center. Additionally, VA Police Officers receive continuous in-service and specialized training (Written, Practical, and Scenario based) to include intermediate weapons, tactical and low light firearms, contact and arrest procedures on a regular basis. Officers may also partake in a series of advanced training courses offered by VA LETC on a selective basis to include crime scene investigations, traffic accident investigations, and technical surveillance.
VA Police Officers are certified in CPR (as first responders), the use of Oleoresin Capsicum Pepper spray, the MEB Manadnock Expandable Police Baton, and the Beretta 92D 9mm sidearm. However, the agency is in the process of completing the transition to the SIG Sauer P229 DAK Version (Uniformed Officers) and SIG Sauer P239 DAK Version (Plain clothed Officials/Investigators) chambered in 9 mm. Measures of additional standards and training were undertaken and implemented by the whole VA LETC academy in order to successfully achieve FLETA accreditation, which was officially granted on November 17, 2011. This accreditation placed the academy (and selected courses) on par with other well known federal law enforcement training centers and programs such as Drug Enforcement Administration Office of Training, Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC), and the U.S. Secret Service James J. Rowley Training Center. The Department of Veterans Affairs Law Enforcement Training Center (LETC) often serves as a training program that is capable of meeting the training requirements for DoD Officers and their respective installations. The Department of the Air Force routinely sends their civilian Police Officers to the VA LETC in an effort to meet or exceed their requirements for base security and law and order operations.
Like the Pentagon Force Protection Agency, the VA Police are not members of the Law Enforcement Retirement System (LERS), and do not enjoy the same retirement benefits as most other federal law enforcement officers (20 years of service and out). Legislation has been proposed several times to change this (H.R. 1002), but the last effort failed to make it out of committee in the 109th Congress. There have been no successful attempts to change this as of the beginning of the 2013 United States Federal Fiscal Year.
Legislation to expand the powers and authority of the Veterans Affairs Police was eventually rolled into the S.1963 - Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 Bill (proposed law) and was re-introduced in the 111th Congress on Oct 28, 2009. The Bill passed the United States Senate on Nov 19, 2009, passed the United States House of Representatives on Apr 21, 2010, and was signed into law by President Barack Obama on May 5, 2010 becoming Public Law No: 111-163. The GPO (Government Printing Office) has officially published this law in its roles, noting that the law (and therefore the increased uniform allowance and expanded authority of the VA Police to include the ability to conduct investigations, on and off Department property, took legal effect on January 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2872001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872001" title="Thomas Hayes (scientist)">
Thomas Hayes (scientist)

Thomas Hayes is a former forensic scientist at the Royal Armament Research and Development Establishment (RARDE), which was subsumed into the Defence Evaluation and Research Agency (DERA) in 1995. Part of DERA became the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL) in 2001.
Expert witness.
Dr Hayes testified that he was the first to discover the piece of crucial evidence ("Mebo MST-13 timer fragment") that would convict Abdelbaset al-Megrahi at the Lockerbie trial, which took place from May 2000 to January 2001 at Camp Zeist, Netherlands.
Hayes admitted at the trial that he did not think it was necessary to test the tiny timer fragment for explosive residue. Under cross-examination, Hayes agreed that an even smaller sample (from underneath a fingernail) had been tested by two other RARDE scientists (Elliott and Higgs) in the cases of the Maguire Seven and Judith Ward. Both cases were subsequently quashed on appeal, when the RARDE scientists "were found to have lied and suppressed evidence at the trials."
The Scottish Court in the Netherlands also heard that Hayes had examined the timer fragment at RARDE in May 1989, four months after it was said to have been found. But the page recording his findings appeared to have been inserted out of sequence into his notebook at a later date, and the pages renumbered. His RARDE colleague, Alan Feraday, whose evidence followed that of Hayes, was asked to explain this apparent discrepancy but was unable to do so.
Case reviewed.
Following a three-year review, the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission reported on 28 June 2007 that evidence had been uncovered suggesting that Megrahi may have been wrongly convicted. He was granted leave for a second appeal against conviction.
In a statement dated 29 June 2007 Dr Hans Köchler, international observer at the Lockerbie trial, expressed his surprise at the SCCRC's narrow focus and apparent bias towards the judicial establishment:
Second appeal.
New information casting fresh doubts about Megrahi's conviction was examined by three judges at a preliminary hearing in the Appeal Court in Edinburgh on 11 October 2007:
The second appeal will be heard by five judges in the Court of Criminal Appeal in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2872002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872002" title="Cilmeri railway station">
Cilmeri railway station

Cilmeri railway station is a railway station serving the village of Cilmeri, in Powys, mid Wales. It is situated on the Heart of Wales Line. The station is located just to the south of the A483.
All trains serving the station are operated by Arriva Trains Wales. There are four trains a day in each direction from Monday to Saturday, and two services on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2872016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872016" title="Stuart Gordon">
Stuart Gordon

Stuart Gordon (born August 11, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American director, writer and producer of films and plays. Most of Gordon's film work is in the horror genre, though he has also ventured into science fiction and film noir. Like his friend and fellow filmmaker Brian Yuzna, Gordon is a fan of H. P. Lovecraft and has adapted several Lovecraft stories for the screen. They include "Re-Animator", "From Beyond", "Castle Freak" (from "The Outsider"), and "Dagon", as well as the "Masters of Horror" episode "Dreams in the Witch-House".
He has turned to the work of Edgar Allan Poe on two occasions, directing "The Pit and the Pendulum" in 1991 and "The Black Cat" for "Masters of Horror" Showtime series in 2007.
His science fiction films: "Robot Jox" 1990, and "Fortress" 1993 have both become cult classics.
With Brian Yuzna and writer Ed Naha he co-created "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" for Disney Studios and executive produced the sequel "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid." He also co-wrote "Body Snatchers" for Warner Brothers in 1993 and "The Dentist" for Trimark in 1998.
He produced, co-wrote and directed the science fiction comedy "Space Truckers" starring Dennis Hopper in 1996. He also produced and directed "The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit" written by Ray Bradbury in 1998.
In 2003 he turned to film noir and produced and directed "King of the Ants" based on the novel by Charlie Higson. This was followed by a film adaptation of David Mamet's shockingly dark play "Edmond" starring William H. Macy in 2006. And in 2007 he produced, co-wrote and directed "Stuck" starring Stephen Rea and Mena Suvari.
Biography.
Gordon attended the University of Wisconsin and soon after formed Screw Theater. In March 1967 Gordon produced "The Game Show" at the UW Memorial Union. The play intended to be an attack on apathy locked the audience in the theater and seemingly humiliated, beat and raped them (audience plants were used.) Every performance ended with the audience rioting and stopping the show. He then formed Screw Theater in the summer of 1968 and produced and directed four shows, the final one, in the fall of 1968, a political version of "Peter Pan" that got him and his future wife arrested for obscenity. The story made national headlines until the charges were dropped in November 1968. As Gordon described it in a 2001 interview:
After the University of Wisconsin demanded future theatrical productions by Screw Theater be overseen by a University Professor, Gordon cut his University ties to form Broom Street Theater. Its first production, the new translation of the risque Lysistrata, premiered in May 1969.
Gordon is married to Carolyn Purdy-Gordon, whom he frequently casts and often murders in his movies. Together in 1969, they founded the Chicago Organic Theater Company, for which Gordon also served as artistic director. With the company, he produced and directed thirty-seven plays, among them the world premieres of "The Warp Trilogy", ("Warp!" was later adapted into a comic book by First Comics), David Mamet's "Sexual Perversity in Chicago", "Bleacher Bums", "E-R", "Bloody Bess-A Tale of Piracy and Revenge" and a two part adaptation of "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn".
He is also the father of three daughters- Suzanna, Jillian, and Margaret.
In 2009, he directed the one-man theatrical show, "Nevermore...An Evening with Edgar Allan Poe" which reunited him with "Re-Animator" alumni Jeffrey Combs and writer Dennis Paoli. Recently nominated for a Saturn award, the show enjoyed much success at its premiere in Los Angeles and is now in the process of touring the country. In 2011 Gordon produced, directed and co-wrote the book for "." It played to sold out houses, rave reviews and standing ovations for six months at the Steve Allen Theater. In 2012, it was performed at the New York Musical Theater Festival (NYMF) and the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Gordon's next play "Taste," premiered at Los Angeles' Sacred Fools Theater Company in April 2014. The play, based on the true story of Armin Meiwes, the Rotenburg Cannibal, was written by Benjamin Brand.
He also directed "Eater", an episode of "Fear Itself", for NBC in 2008.<br>
Stuart Gordon has also been a contributor to Blu-ray/DVD extras content (liner notes) for cult film distributors Grindhouse Releasing/Box Office Spectaculars on one of his favorite films, Frank and Eleanor Perry's "The Swimmer" starring Burt Lancaster.

</doc>
<doc id="2872018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872018" title="Barrie Arena">
Barrie Arena

The Barrie Arena, sometimes also called the Dunlop Arena, was a 3,000 seat arena located in Barrie, Ontario, at the intersection of Dunlop Street West and Eccles Avenue. It was built in 1932 and served as the main ice hockey venue in the city until the opening of the Barrie Molson Centre in 1995. The arena hosted the Barrie Flyers of the Ontario Hockey League, and also briefly hosted the Barrie Colts while the BMC was under construction.
In March 2008, Barrie City Council approved the demolition of the arena so that the city's new Fire Hall No. 1 could be built on the site. The demolition of the arena commenced in July and was completed in September. Artifacts recovered from the arena, including original wood trusses, are planned to be incorporated into a heritage display when the new fire hall is completed.

</doc>
<doc id="2872020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872020" title="CFRA (disambiguation)">
CFRA (disambiguation)

CFRA is a four-letter acronym for:

</doc>
<doc id="2872022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872022" title="Jon Landau (film producer)">
Jon Landau (film producer)

Jon Landau (born July 23, 1960) is an American film producer.
Life and career.
Landau was born in New York City, New York, the son of Edie, a producer, and Ely A. Landau, a studio executive and producer. He is from a Jewish family. He is one of the "famous faces" due to being a regular player on the online poker website Hollywood Poker which is run in conjunction with Ongame Network. Landau attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts. He is best known for producing "Titanic", a film which won him an Academy Award, and most recently, Avatar. Throughout the early '90s, Landau was Executive Vice President of Feature Film Production at Twentieth Century Fox.
In 2009, Landau and James Cameron produced the science fiction blockbuster, "Avatar", which has since become the highest-grossing film of all time, surpassing "Titanic", which had previously held that position. Avatar earned Landau his second Academy Award nomination, although the award went to the producers of "The Hurt Locker".

</doc>
<doc id="2872025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872025" title="Cilmeri">
Cilmeri

Cilmeri (sometimes given the anglicised spelling Cilmery) is a village in Powys, mid-Wales two and a half miles west of Builth Wells on the A483 to Llandovery. The village is served by Cilmeri railway station on the Heart of Wales Line. In the 2001 census, Cilmeri Community had a population of 438 and 191 households. 
The village is famous for being close to the spot where the last native Prince of Wales of direct descent, Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, was slain in a skirmish by soldiers in the service of Edward I of England, on 11 December 1282.
A memorial stone to Llywelyn ap Gruffudd was erected on the site in 1956 and serves as the focal point for an annual day of remembrance on the anniversary of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2872046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872046" title="Al-Muhallab ibn Abi Suffrah">
Al-Muhallab ibn Abi Suffrah

Al Muhallab bin Abi Suffrah, (أبو سعيد, المهلّب بن أبي صفرة الأزدي), also known as Abu Said (born c. 632, Oman/UAE — died February 702, Khorasan), was an Azdi Arab warrior and general, originally from Dibba on present day Oman-UAE border. He was an important participant in the political developments of his time and the object of many poets praise. He is also regarded the progenitor of the Bu Said tribe of Oman.
Career.
Al-Muhallab first served under the caliph Muʿāwiyah, campaigning in South Asia and raiding the country between Kābul and Multān. Later he was stationed in the eastern provinces, leading expeditions against the Central Asian city of Samarkand for the governors of Khorasan, in the north-east of modern Iran.
Soon after the death of Muʿāwiyah in 680, the Islamic community was convulsed by civil wars. During this time al-Muhallab deserted the Umayyads and sided with the anti-caliph ʿAbd Allāh ibn al-Zubayr who entrusted him with suppressing the Kharijite rebellions in Iraq by the Azariqa, Basra subsequently became known as Basra al-Muhallab. In 698, he was made governor of Khorasan by Al-Hajjaj until his death when he was succeeded by his son Yazid ibn al-Muhallab. The rise of the Muhallabids and the "Omani Azd" in Khorasan and Basra is linked to their alliance with the Rabi'ah against the Mudar. He fought in the battle of Qadissiyah against the Persians with the great Muslim leader Othman Bin Abi Al Aas.. 

</doc>
<doc id="2872064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872064" title="MV Colombo Express">
MV Colombo Express

Colombo Express is one of the largest container ships in the world. When launched in 2005, she was claimed by her owner to be the world's largest container ship, a title it held until the "Emma Mærsk" was launched in 2006.
"Colombo Express" holds , 730 refrigerated (reefer) TEUs, is long, and has a beam, or width, of . She is owned by the German shipping company Hapag-Lloyd, and operated by its Hapag-Lloyd Container Line division. She is named for Colombo, the largest city in Sri Lanka, which the predecessor company, North American Lloyd, first called on in 1886. She is the first of eight proposed "Colombo Express" class vessels, and is only slightly larger (approximately 4%) than her "Savannah Express" class cousins, the (700 reefer) ships "Savannah Express" and "Houston Express". 
"Colombo Express" measures 93,750 gross tons and had a deadweight capacity of 104,400 metric tons. Her rated speed is . Built in South Korea by Hyundai Heavy Industries in 2004–2005, she was christened on 11 April 2005, and her diesel engine generates of power.
"Colombo Express" operates out of the homeport of Hamburg, and will mainly travel from Europe to Southeast Asia and back in 56-day round-trips.
"Colombo Express" class.
"Colombo Express" class ships:

</doc>
<doc id="2872067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872067" title="Patrick Mower">
Patrick Mower

Patrick Mower (born 12 September 1938), whose original name was Patrick Archibald Shaw, is an English actor well known for his many television and occasional film roles, often as a detective or secret agent and more recently as Rodney Blackstock in UK itv1's soap Emmerdale.
Life.
Mower was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire to a Welsh father and English mother.
In his 2007 autobiography, Mower states that having believed for years that his year of birth was 1940, but later discovered that his birth was not registered and he was born on 12 September 1938 (On the IMDb it says ""1940""). In addition, several reference books on film and television, including "Who's Who On the Screen" (1983) and "Who's Who on Television" (1996), give Mower's town of birth as Pontypridd, South Wales, instead of Oxford. In 2007 Mower took part in the BBC Wales programme "Coming Home" about his Welsh family history.
He attended Southfield Grammar School in Oxford, and after first training as an engineering draughtsman at the Steel Co. Ltd. Cowley plant, he graduated from RADA. He first came to prominence as an actor in the spy series "Callan" in the early 1970s. He went on to appear as DCI Tom Haggerty in "Special Branch" alongside George Sewell, and DS Steve Hackett in the police series "Target", and featured in one of the last "Carry On" films, "Carry On England". Many television roles have included guest appearances in "Jason King", "", "UFO", "Minder", "The Sweeney" and "Bergerac" (as Eddie St.Pierre). He was a regular panelist on the murder mystery programme "Whodunnit?". He currently stars as Rodney Blackstock in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
For seven years Mower was the partner of the actress Suzanne Danielle.
References.
1954 Carry On Sargeant

</doc>
<doc id="2872072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872072" title="Princess Angeline">
Princess Angeline

Princess Angeline (circa 1820 - May 31, 1896), also known in Lushootseed as Kikisoblu, Kick-is-om-lo, or Wewick, was the eldest daughter of Chief Seattle.
Biography.
She was born around 1820 to Chief Seattle in what is now Rainier Beach in Seattle, Washington. She was named Angeline by Catherine Broshears Maynard, the second wife of Doc Maynard. The 1855 Treaty of Point Elliott required that all Duwamish Indians leave their land for reservations, but Angeline remained in Seattle in a waterfront cabin on Western Avenue between Pike and Pine Streets, near what is now Pike Place Market. She did laundry and sold handwoven baskets through the Ye Olde Curiosity Shop. She died on May 31, 1896 and was buried in Lake View Cemetery on Capitol Hill.
The "Chronicle of Holy Names Academy" reported:
May 29, 1896. With the death of Angeline Seattle died the last of the direct descendants of the great Chief Seattle for whom this city was named. Angeline—Princess Angeline—as she was generally called, was famous all over the world… Angeline was a familiar figure of the streets, bent and wrinkled, a red handkerchief over her head, a shawl about her, walking slowly and painfully with the aid of a cane; it was no infrequent sight to see this poor old Indian woman seated on the sidewalk devoutly reciting her beads. The kindness and generosity of Seattle’s people toward the daughter of the chief… was shown in her funeral obsequies which took place from the Church of Our Lady of Good Help. The church was magnificently decorated; on the somber draped catafalque in a casket in the form of a canoe rested all that was mortal of Princess Angeline.
Legacy.
S. Angeline Street on Seattle's Beacon Hill and in Columbia City and Seward Park was named after Princess Angeline. Also Angeline and S. Angeline in her Tribal home land of Suquamish (Kitsap County).

</doc>
<doc id="2872077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872077" title="Clive Hornby">
Clive Hornby

Clive Hornby (20 October 1944 – 3 July 2008) was an English actor, known for his part in ITV's "Emmerdale" as farmer Jack Sugden.
Career.
Television.
Hornby appeared in various television productions including the Royal Air Force National Service sitcom "Get Some In!", Gerry Anderson's "" and "Minder" alongside George Cole.
He first appeared in "Emmerdale" on 19 February 1980 in what was originally a three-month contract. He took over the role of Jack in 1980 from Andrew Burt who left the show in 1976. During his 28 years on "Emmerdale", he became one of the soap's most popular characters.
Music.
During the 1960s, Hornby was a drummer with The Dennisons.
Personal life.
Hornby was married to Helen Weir who played his on-screen wife Pat Sugden. They had a son, Thomas, before divorcing in 2000.
Death.
Clive Hornby died on 3 July 2008, aged 63. He had taken a break from the soap to battle a then unnamed illness. It was stated by "The Sun" that Clive Hornby died of hypoxia, a disease often associated with cancer, in a Leeds Hospice. His funeral took place on 15 July 2008 at Rawdon Crematorium in Leeds.
Jack Sugden was laid to rest onscreen in an episode screened by ITV on 10 February 2009. Jack's dialogue from earlier episodes was used as memories for several of the characters. A vision of Jack made a graveside appearance at the end of the episode, which closed with the original version of the soap's theme.

</doc>
<doc id="2872082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872082" title="Mr. Accident">
Mr. Accident

Mr. Accident (2000) is a comedy written, directed, produced by, and starring Australian actor Yahoo Serious.
The basic plot involves a very clumsy but lovable young man named Roger Crumpkin and his UFO-obsessed girlfriend Sunday Valentine (Helen Dallimore), who stumble upon a plan to market eggs laced with nicotine. Crumpkin must risk his job and girlfriend to uncover the plan that just may involve his boss. The cast includes Garry McDonald.
It was released in the USA by United Artists. This film is available on VHS & DVD from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Reception.
"Mr. Accident" grossed $1,612,424 at the box office in Australia.
The film currently holds a 17% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes, based on 6 reviews (5 negative, 1 positive).

</doc>
<doc id="2872098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872098" title="Akademicheskaya (Moscow Metro)">
Akademicheskaya (Moscow Metro)

Akademicheskaya (, , ) is a station on the Moscow Metro's Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line. It is named for the Russian Academy of Sciences despite the fact that Leninsky Prospekt is actually much closer to that institution. Akademicheskaya opened on October 13, 1962 and was designed by Yuliya Kolesnikova, Petukhova, and Fokina. Built to the relatively new pillar-trispan design (aka "Sorokonozhka", centipede), which became prevalent in the 1960s due to its low construction costs. The station has white marble pillars accented with a stripe of black marble near the top. The walls, originally faced with white tile with four horizontal blue stripes, were re-covered in 2003 with similarly coloured aluminium planes for a cleaner, more modern look.
The entrances to the station are located around Ho Chi Minh Square, at the intersection of Profsoyuznaya street and Dmitriya Ulyanova street. Currently the station serves 67,400 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="2872100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872100" title="Vexillum">
Vexillum

The vexillum (; plural vexilla) was a flag-like object used as a military standard by units in the Ancient Roman army. 
Use in the Roman army.
The word vexillum is a diminutive of the Latin word, "velum", meaning a sail, which confirms the historical evidence (from coins and sculpture) that vexilla were literally "little sails" i.e. flag-like standards. In the vexillum the cloth was draped from a horizontal crossbar suspended from the staff; this is unlike most modern flags in which the 'hoist' of the cloth is attached directly to the vertical staff. The bearer of a vexillum was known as a "vexillarius" or "vexillifer". 
Just as in the case of the regimental colors or flag of Early Modern Western regiments, the vexillum was a treasured symbol of the military unit that it represented and it was closely defended in combat. It was the main standard of some types of unit, especially cavalry; however, it was regarded as less important than a legion's aquila or eagle, and may have represented a sub-division of a legion, though this is not entirely clear from surviving sources (see vexillatio).
General and later use.
The term "vexillum" (plural "vexilla") is used more generally for any object such as a relic or icon used as a standard in battle, & may be considered the offensive equivalent of the more defensive palladium in this context. 
Vexillology, or the study of flags, derives its name from this word, and a vexilloid is a standard that is not of conventional flag form. 
Nearly all of the present-day regions of Italy preserve the use of vexilla. Many Christian processional banners are in the vexillum form; usually these banners are termed labara () after the standard adopted by the first Christian Roman emperor Constantine I which replaced the usual spearpoint with the "Chi-Rho" symbol ☧. For example vexillum is used by the Legion of Mary as the term for its standards. A small version is used on the altar and a larger one leads processions. In the Middle Ages the type of banner draped from a horizontal crossbar became known as a gonfalon.

</doc>
<doc id="2872102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872102" title="1924 in Australia">
1924 in Australia

"See also:" 
1923 in Australia, 
other events of 1924, 
1925 in Australia and the 
Timeline of Australian history.

</doc>
<doc id="2872103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872103" title="Chris Chittell">
Chris Chittell

Christopher John Chittell (born 19 May 1948, Aldershot, Hampshire) is an English actor best known for his role as Eric Pollard in ITV's "Emmerdale", a part that he has played since 1986. Since the death of Richard Thorp, he is now the longest serving cast member.
Early life and career.
His father served in the Indian Army, and on leaving school Chittell intended to join the Royal Navy, but instead, he became a model. His first acting stint was at age 19, appearing as Potter in the 1967 film "To Sir, with Love". In 1968 he appeared as a Trooper in "The Charge of the Light Brigade" and made an uncredited appearance in "If...". This was followed by a starring role as one of the "Freewheelers", made as an action/adventure children's serial by Southern Television between 1968 and 1973.
Apart from "Emmerdale", his other appearances include roles in "The Beast in the Cellar" (1970), "The Raging Moon" (1971), "Zulu Dawn" (1979), and for two seasons in the 1970s science fiction drama "The Tomorrow People".
He also played a doomed truck driver in the 1978 mercenary film "The Wild Geese".
He performed on stage at the Old Vic in "Macbeth" with Peter O'Toole.
Chittell also appeared in the untransmitted "Doomwatch" episode "Sex and Violence". Married to "Emmerdale" co star Lesley Dunlop.

</doc>
<doc id="2872139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872139" title="Deena Payne">
Deena Payne

Diane Margaret "Deena" Payne (born 29 August 1954) is an English actress and former singer who is best known for playing Viv Hope in ITV's "Emmerdale".
Payne was born in Orpington, Kent. She used to tour with ex-Animals keyboard player Alan Price as a backing singer and she was a member of the novelty girl band Cats U.K., who scored a UK top 30 hit with "Luton Airport" in October 1979. She was also one of the dancers in "Rock Follies of '77". Prior to "Emmerdale", Payne had acted in episodes of "Tales of Sherwood Forest" and "The Bill".
Payne is married to musician Steve Grant who is currently touring with The Sweet.
On 7 November 2007 it was announced Payne would take a 12-month break from "Emmerdale" in the summer of 2008. She returned to the series on 14 July 2009.
On 13 January 2011 her "Emmerdale" character was written out of the series by dying in her sleep during a fire as the bosses felt the character had run its course. Payne stated that she was angry in the way how she was written out off screen after so long in the show.
Since leaving "Emmerdale", Deena has returned to the stage, appearing in "Calendar Girls" and various pantomimes. Most recently, she featured on the television show "True Crime" as the character Irene.

</doc>
<doc id="2872141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872141" title="The Jungle (The Twilight Zone)">
The Jungle (The Twilight Zone)

"The Jungle" is a 1961 episode of the American television anthology series "The Twilight Zone".
Plot.
Alan Richards and his wife Doris have recently returned from Africa, where Alan's company is constructing a dam. He discovers she has secretly kept several items given to her by a local shaman for protection. When he confronts her about them, she insists that they are nothing more to her than souvenirs. He decides to test her and burns them, which causes her to become upset and beg him to stop construction on the dam. He ignores her pleas and opens the door to leave for work. In the hallway of his apartment building, just outside his door, is the carcass of a dead goat.
Alan attends a board meeting, where they discuss the dam and the fact that, although the natives will benefit from it in the long run, they are upset that they will be displaced in order to build it. He warns that the local witch doctors have threatened to use "black magic" against anyone associated with the project. When the other board members scoff, he points out their own superstitions: One carries a rabbit's foot, another practices astrology- even the building does not have a 13th floor.
Later, he is in a bar having a drink with a friend before heading home, and shows him a lion-tooth charm his wife has given him. Supposedly the tooth will protect him against a lion attack. Both men laugh at the idea of a lion attack in the city.
Alan begins to head home but finds his car won't start. He attempts to return to the bar but it is locked and he has forgotten his lion-tooth inside. He can see it on the bar top through the window. He attempts to use a pay phone, but it's out of order. As Alan walks away, the phone begins to ring. He answers it and hears nothing but the sounds of the jungle.
He begins to head home on foot, still hearing the sounds of the jungle all around him (including tribal drums), becoming more and more nervous and jumpy. He then tries to take a taxi home, but the driver drops down dead while stopped at a traffic light. Alan meets a bum and asks him about the jungle noises, which the bum claims not to hear. He offers the bum money to escort him through the park but before the bum can accept the offer he disappears while Alan's back is turned.
Alan continues on, becoming even more frightened. He finally reaches the safety of his apartment. The noises suddenly stop, and relieved, Alan enters and pours himself a drink. Suddenly, he hears a lion's roar from the bedroom. When he opens the bedroom door, he finds his wife's body on the bed along with a lion. The episode ends just as the lion leaps towards him for the kill.

</doc>
<doc id="2872144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872144" title="Shōten">
Shōten

Shōten (笑点) is a Japanese TV comedy program, continuously broadcast on Sunday evenings on Nippon TV since 15 May 1966, the second-longest running TV show in Japan. 
The show gathers a group of six Japanese "rakugo" comedians wearing variously colored kimono sitting in a row, where they compete to make the best jokes, on topics suggested by the host. The person judged to be the most funny by the host gains more and more "zabuton" (Japanese cushions), until he may be sitting on a stack five, six, or higher. Comedians whose jokes are judged to be not funny, or whose responses are not quick enough, may have one or more "zabuton" removed and end up sitting on the floor. The "zabutons" used are supposedly extra-heavy ones weighing 4 kg (9 pounds), so even a stack of ten or more will not topple. 
When a person gains 10 zabutons, he wins a special prize. The prize is usually related to a famous quote, such as 'Boys Be Ambitious'. Since the host judges the one who has close to 10 zabutons very hard, the stack of 10 zabutons can only be seen once or twice a year. 
The show is also famous for its catchy theme music written by Hachidai Nakamura. This music has been continuously broadcast since 1969. The titles are written in edomoji, but were originally written to show an animated smiling face.

</doc>
<doc id="2872164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872164" title="Paula Tilbrook">
Paula Tilbrook

Paula Tilbrook (born 16 January 1930) is an English actress who has played Betty Eagleton in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" since 1994. 
In 1977, Tilbrook made an appearance as Estelle Plimpton in "Coronation Street", and followed this by appearances as Olive Taylor-Brown in the same show in 1978 and 1980. From 1991 to 1993, she played Vivian Barford in the ITV soap opera. In 1988, Tilbrook played Flo Capp in the sitcom "Andy Capp".
Tilbrook also appeared as dog-lover Mrs Tattersall in "Open All Hours" and played three roles in "Last of the Summer Wine". Her other credits include "Crown Court" and two episodes of the BBC's "Play For Today".
Tilbrook's film credits include "Yanks" and Alan Bennett's "A Private Function".

</doc>
<doc id="2872165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872165" title="Rick McCosker">
Rick McCosker

Richard Bede McCosker (born 11 December 1946, Inverell, New South Wales) is a former New South Wales and Australian cricketer.
McCosker played in 25 Tests and 14 One Day Internationals in a career spanning 1975 to 1982 playing as a right hand batsman.
He is well remembered for playing in the 1977 Centenary Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground after he had his jaw broken by a bouncer off Bob Willis in the 1st innings. In the second innings he batted at number ten in bandages with his jaw wired shut, making 25, and 54 for the ninth wicket in partnership with Rod Marsh. Australia won the match by 45 runs.
He also played in the World Series Cricket team, and was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1976.
He is depicted by Aidan March in the Channel 9 series Howzat! Kerry Packer's War.

</doc>
<doc id="2872174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872174" title="Arūnas Visockas">
Arūnas Visockas

Arūnas Visockas (born December 7, 1965 in Kaunas) is a retired Lithuanian basketball player for the Lithuanian national basketball team and Žalgiris Kaunas. He was a power forward 200 cm tall and weighed 108 kg. Visockas is currently the assistant coach of the Lithuanian basketball team BC Kaunas Triobet. His former clubs include BC Zalgiris (1985–1996), Atomeromu Paks (1996–2000) and Statyba Jonava (2000–2001).

</doc>
<doc id="2872199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872199" title="Manoj Bajpai">
Manoj Bajpai

Manoj Bajpai (born 23 April 1969), also credited as Manoj Bajpayee, is an Indian film actor who works predominantly in Bollywood and a few Telugu films. He has received praise from many critics for his acting performances in Indian Cinema, most notably for his roles as dacoit Maan Singh in "Bandit Queen", Raghavan in "Aks", Bhiku Mahatre in "Satya", Rasheed in "Pinjar", and Sardar Khan in "Gangs of Wasseypur". His work has been recognised by several Filmfare awards as well as multiple National Film Awards.
Early life.
Manoj Bajpai was born in a small village of Bihar on the border of Bhadrak called Belwa near the town Narkatiyaganj in Bettiah West Champaran. He completed his basic education from Khrist Raja High School in Bettiah. He then went to Ramjas College where he studied and graduated in history. After being rejected four times at the National School of Drama, he did theatre with Barry John at Barry's Drama School.
Career.
Bajpai worked as a teacher at Salaam Balak Trust in Delhi.
He started his career with a television serial aired on Doordarshan, "Swaabhimaan". The same serial also brought Tyagi (Ashutosh Rana) and Rishab (Rohit Roy) into the limelight.
Bajpai also appeared in a small role as a cop in "Dastak" (1996) where he shared screen space with Mukul Dev and Sushmita Sen. He played the main lead in "Dil Pe Mat le Yaar" opposite Tabu after Aditya Srivastava. He appeared in several small roles in films like "Droh Kaal" (1994), and "Bandit Queen" (1994), before getting his big break in the 1998 crime film "Satya" directed by Ram Gopal Varma. His performance as Bhiku Mhatre won him several awards, as he portrayed the hotheaded and compassionate sides of this gangster. Another film where he played a dark character was Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's film "Aks" in 2001, for which again he won several awards.
His work was also appreciated in films like "" (1997), "Shool" (1999), "Dil Pe Mat Le Yaar" (2000), "Zubeidaa" (2001), "Road" (2002), "Pinjar" (2003), which earned him the National Film Award, "Veer Zaara" (2004), "Raajneeti" (2010) and "Gangs of Wasseypur" (2012).
Katrina Kaif touched the feet of actor Manoj Bajpai as a sign of respect following the premiere of "Rajneeti". When "Satya" released some 12 years ago, Tabu had done the same thing, touching the thespian's feet.
Personal life.
Manoj bajpai is married to actress Neha (Shabana Raza).

</doc>
<doc id="2872214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872214" title="Thérèse Lavoie-Roux">
Thérèse Lavoie-Roux

Thérèse Lavoie-Roux (March 12, 1928 – January 31, 2009) was a Quebec politician and Canadian Senator.
Born in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec, the daughter of Lauréat Lavoie and Charlotte Dubé, she was educated and trained as a social worker and therapist.
In 1976, she was elected to the Quebec National Assembly as a Liberal in the riding of L'Acadie. She was re-elected in 1981 and 1985. From 1985 to 1989, she was the Minister of Health and Social Services in the cabinet of Robert Bourassa.
In 1990, she was appointed to the Senate representing the senatorial division of Acadie, Quebec. She retired on her 73rd birthday in 2001. She sat as a Progressive Conservative.

</doc>
<doc id="2872215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872215" title="Deportivo Galicia">
Deportivo Galicia

Deportivo Galicia Fútbol Club (currently Galicia de Aragua) is a traditional football club from Venezuela. Founded in Caracas, the club moved, in 2005, to Maracay, in the state of Aragua, when its name changed to "Galicia de Aragua".
Deportivo Galicia had Caracas as main training city, allowing many young prospects to play for this team, looking to get exposed in the league. Some of the solid players that were part of the squad that moved on to other bigger club as players and/or managers are: Edson Tortolero, Alejandro Clemente, Pedro Delgado, Stalin Rivas, Fernando Clemente, Pedro Millan, Angel Rivillo, Hugo Savarese, y Ramon Lopez.

</doc>
<doc id="2872217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872217" title="Roger Sweet">
Roger Sweet

Roger Sweet is an American designer. He grew up in Akron, Ohio and graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio and the Institute of Design in Chicago, Illinois. He served as a lead designer at Mattel throughout much of the 1970s and 1980s and worked extensively on the Masters of the Universe toy line. Before working for Mattel, Sweet held design positions with Walter Dorwin Teague Associates, an industrial design firm, and other design firms. He worked on the accounts of such companies as Boeing, Rubbermaid, Hoover, and Procter & Gamble, and on such products as the interior of the Boeing 747 jumbo jet airliner, and the Downy and Scope packages.
Masters of the Universe.
Roger Sweet was one of the original designers who helped to develop the popular "Masters of the Universe" toy line for Mattel. He developed the exaggerated physique, the action stance, and the swivel-action waist of the characters. Roger Sweet also originated the name "He-Man". The character was intended to be generic so that it be used in all sorts of ways, from sci-fi to fantasy to real-world situations. Roger Sweet continued to work on the toy line throughout its original span, contributing to the line by originating many of the characters, vehicles and playsets.

</doc>
<doc id="2872221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872221" title="Charles I, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel">
Charles I, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel

Charles (German: "Karl"; 1 August 1713, Braunschweig – 26 March 1780, Braunschweig), Duke of Brunswick-Lunenburg (Bevern line), was ruling as Prince of Wolfenbüttel from 1735 until his death.
Life.
Charles was the eldest son of Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He fought under Prince Eugene of Savoy against the Ottoman Empire before inheriting the Principality of Wolfenbüttel from his father in 1735. On the suggestion of his priest, Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Jerusalem, in 1745 he founded the "Collegium Carolinum", an institute of higher education which is today known as the Technical University of Brunswick. He also hired Gotthold Ephraim Lessing as the librarian for the "Bibliotheca Augusta", the ducal library.
Charles attempted to promote the economic development of his state; for example, he founded the Fürstenberg Porcelain Company, and he installed mandatory fire insurance. However, he did not manage to keep the state finances in check. As a consequence, in 1773 his eldest son Charles William Ferdinand took over government.
Marriage and children.
In 1733, Charles married Philippine Charlotte, daughter of King Frederick William I of Prussia. They had the following children that reached adulthood:
Charles also had a child out of wedlock, Christian Theodor von Pincier (1750–1824), the adopted son of Baron von Pincier of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="2872223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872223" title="Tsentrosoyuz building">
Tsentrosoyuz building

The Tsentrosoyuz Building or Centrosoyuz Building () is a government structure in Moscow, Russia, constructed in 1933 by Le Corbusier and Nikolai Kolli. Centrosoyuz refers to a Soviet bureaucracy, the Central Union of Consumer Cooperatives. The building included office space for 3,500 personnel, as well as a restaurant, lecture halls, a theater, and other facilities. The address of the building is 39 Myasnitskaya Street, and the eastern side of the building faces Myasnitskaya Street. The western side, which was supposed to be the main entrance, faces Academician Sakharov Avenue. Currently it is the home of Goskomstat (), the Russian State Committee for Statistics.
Architecture.
There were three architectural competitions for the project beginning in 1928. Le Corbusier won all three. Upon his victory in the third competition in 1928 he wrote: “I shall bring to this task all that I have learned in architecture. It is with great joy that I shall contribute what knowledge I possess to a nation that is being organized in accordance with its new spirit.” 
The project applied on larger scale Le Corbusier’s architectural principles: pilotis, curtain-wall façade, free floor plan, ribbon windows and flat roof. It was to accommodate 3500 people and Le Corbusier considered the question of circulation as of main importance. The system of pilotis for the accommodation of people and cars was proposed and proved to be very effective by allowing multiple access points to the building. The ramps were proposed by the architect for the interior circulation between the floors, detail that links back to his Villa Savoye. Le Corbusier said: “We have approached the problem as urban planners, that is, we have considered that corridors and stairs are, so to speak, enclosed streets. In consequence, these streets are 3.25 meters wide, and are always well lit. Moreover, we have replaced tiring flights of stairs with gently sloping (14%) ramps that allow for free and easy circulation.”
In 1929, the complete set of construction plans for the Tsentrosoyuz building was sent to Moscow and work was started. However, delays were encountered due to the materials shortages caused by Joseph Stalin's First Five-Year Plan. The building is made of reinforced concrete, with sixteen-inch-thick blocks of red tuff stone from the Caucasus serving as insulation. 
The glass façade was intended to include an innovative heating and ventilation system. The "respiration exacte" (mechanical ventilation system) and the "murs neutralisants" (neutral walls, heating/cooling pipes between the layers of glass), both Le Corbusier’s latest inventions, as well as Gustav Lyon’s "aeration ponctuelle" method were considered for heating and refrigeration of the glass prisms and the interior. These innovations were rejected, in part due to the materials shortage, and in part due to the experimental character of the proposed technologies (including a critique of the systems by the experts from the American Blower Corporation as unpractical and expensive). Instead, a system of radiators was introduced for heating, and roller blinds and translucent glass meant to protect the building from heat (which proved ineffective in the hot summer months).
The building was criticized by fellow Swiss architect Hannes Meyer as being "an orgy of glass and concrete". Russian constructivist Alexander Vesnin however called it "the best building to arise in Moscow for over a century".

</doc>
<doc id="2872227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872227" title="Nicole Foote">
Nicole Foote

Nicole Foote is an Australian radio presenter. She hosted the hip hop show on Triple J before being replaced by Maya Jupiter , and currently hosts Triple J's dance music shows Mix Up and "The Club".
Nicole undertook a degree in Media Studies at Melbourne's RMIT University before beginning her career with Triple J.
Nicole is currently working music playlists on ABC Local Radio in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="2872230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872230" title="Profsoyuznaya (Moscow Metro)">
Profsoyuznaya (Moscow Metro)

Profsoyuznaya (, ) is a station on the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line of the Moscow Metro.
Opened in 1962, Profsoyuznaya is built to a standard pillar-trispan and features pillars faced (except for very thin unfinished strips at the top and bottom) with gray marble. The walls are finished with a diamond pattern made up of 4×4 squares of white ceramic tile. The architects responsible for the station were Nina Aleshina and N. Demchinsky.
The two underground vestibules are located on Profsoyuznaya Street, the street for which the station is named, at its intersection with Nakhimovskiy Prospekt known as Josip Broz Tito Square.

</doc>
<doc id="2872231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872231" title="Foley Is Good">
Foley Is Good

Foley Is Good: And the Real World Is Faker than Wrestling is the second autobiography (2001) of wrestler Mick Foley, formerly of WWE and TNA. It details his career from January 1999 until his retirement in April 2000 at WrestleMania 2000. Foley originally professed to prefer this book to his first book, "" but has since confessed that perhaps the first is the better book.
History.
The title is a spoof of the many "Foley is God" signs that appear at WWE shows whenever Foley appears or is rumored to appear. Foley explained that he is uncomfortable being compared to God, and would rather fans simply say he is "good". In the late 1990s the WWF came out with t-shirts for Foley that said "Foley is God", but later changed the shirt to say "Foley is Good" due to accusations of blasphemy.
As in his first book, Foley wrote this one without the aid of a ghostwriter.
Plot.
The book covers the last years of Mick Foley's in-ring wrestling career up until the birth of his second son, Michael Francis Foley, Jr., which he mentions in the book's epilogue. It has a more celebratory tone than his first book, as he is writing about the time of his career where he has already achieved success. The book alternated between in-ring wrestling activities and Foley's life away from the ring. In the book, he also describes his obsessions, such as theme parks and Christmas.
He also writes about his experience writing his first book without the aid of a ghostwriter. He defends himself against being misquoted by news program "20/20", and explains the events surrounding his "I Quit" match with The Rock at the Royal Rumble in January 1999, which can also be seen in the documentary "Beyond the Mat".
The book also heavily defends the World Wrestling Federation against accusations of being violent. Foley made an effort to pointedly refute claims made by detractors, citing statistical data and other evidence he compiled himself. He criticizes the actions of the Parents Television Council.
Promotion.
To promote the book, Foley appeared on "The Howard Stern Show" and did a ten-city book signing tour.
After three press runs, the book had approximately 230,000 copies in print. In May 2001, the book was the number one nonfiction book on the New York Times bestseller list.

</doc>
<doc id="2872232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872232" title="Darius Lukminas">
Darius Lukminas

Darius Lukminas (born February 9, 1968 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian former basketball player for the Lithuanian national basketball team and Žalgiris Kaunas. He was a shooting guard; his weight was listed as 90 kilograms and his height as 195 centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="2872234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872234" title="Bird's-eye view">
Bird's-eye view

A bird's-eye view is an elevated view of an object from above, with a perspective as though the observer were a bird, often used in the making of blueprints, floor plans and maps.
It can be an aerial photograph, but also a drawing. Before manned flight was common, the term "bird's eye" was used to distinguish views drawn from direct observation at high locations (for example a mountain or tower), from those constructed from an imagined (bird's) perspectives. Bird's eye views as a genre have existed since classical times. The last great flourishing of them was in the mid-to-late 19th century, when bird's eye view prints were popular in the United States and Europe.
The terms aerial view and aerial viewpoint are also sometimes used synonymous with bird's-eye view. The term "aerial view" can refer to any view from a great height, even at a wide angle, as for example when looking sideways from an airplane window or from a mountain top. Overhead view is fairly synonymous with "bird's-eye view" but tends to imply a less lofty vantage point than the latter term. For example, in computer and video games, an "overhead view" of a character or situation often places the vantage point only a few feet (a meter or two) above human height. See top-down perspective.
Recent technological and networking developments have made satellite images more accessible. Microsoft Bing Maps offers direct overhead satellite photos of the entire planet but also offers a feature named Bird's eye view in some locations. The "Bird's Eye" photos are angled at 40 degrees rather than being straight down. Satellite imaging programs and photos have been described as offering a viewer the opportunity to "fly over" and observe the world from this specific angle.
In filmmaking and video production, a bird's-eye shot refers to a shot looking directly down on the subject. The perspective is very foreshortened, making the subject appear short and squat. This shot can be used to give an overall establishing shot of a scene, or to emphasise the smallness or insignificance of the subjects. These shots are normally used for battle scenes or establishing where the character is. It is shot by lifting the camera up by hands or by hanging it off something strong enough to support it. When a scene needs a large area shot, it is a crane shot.

</doc>
<doc id="2872237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872237" title="Manchester and Southport Railway">
Manchester and Southport Railway

The Manchester and Southport Railway in England opened on 9 April 1855. It merged with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in January 1885. The line eventually formed part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, 59.5 km Liverpool to Manchester route via a junction with the Liverpool and Bury Railway at Wigan. The route is still in use to day as Northern Rail's Manchester to Southport Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2872241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872241" title="Felipe de Salcedo">
Felipe de Salcedo

Felipe de Salcedo was a Spanish explorer who was a member of the López de Legazpi expedition to the Philippines in the 16th century. He accompanied his brother Juan de Salcedo and grandfather Miguel López de Legazpi in 1564 for their colonization of the East Indies and the Pacific. He commanded 1 ship, out of 5 fleets that sailed from Mexico to the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="2872255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872255" title="Uel">
Uel

Uel is a given name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2872265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872265" title="The Death of Yugoslavia">
The Death of Yugoslavia

The Death of Yugoslavia is a BBC documentary series first broadcast in 1995, and is also the name of a book written by Allan Little and Laura Silber that accompanies the series. It covers the collapse of Yugoslavia and the subsequent wars that followed. It is notable in its combination of never-before-seen archive footage interspersed with interviews of most of the main players in the conflict, including Slobodan Milošević, Radovan Karadžić, Franjo Tuđman and Alija Izetbegović.
The series was awarded with a BAFTA award in 1996 for Best Factual Series. Because of the series large amount of interviews with prominent leaders and commanders of the conflict, it has been frequently used by ICTY in war crimes prosecutions.
All the papers relating to the documentary series, including full transcripts of the many valuable interviews conducted with participants, are lodged at the Liddell Hart Centre for Military Archives at King's College, University of London.
During the trial of Slobodan Milošević before the ICTY, Judge Bonomy called the nature of much of the commentary "tendentious". This was because there were instances in which an interview in the Serbian language was subtitled incorrectly and often in a misleading manner (for example, the subtitling translated an interviewee saying that "Milosevic always won the elections on a nationalistic platform and nothing else", rather than "... on a national platform... ").
Edits.
The series has later been re-edited and released in three parts:
In another edit, it was broadcast as a feature-length single documentary.
See also.
Other BBC documentaries also produced by Norma Percy include:

</doc>
<doc id="2872275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872275" title="Tumsisiro">
Tumsisiro

Tumsisiro is located near Saratamata on east Ambae, Vanuatu and is the headquarters of the Southern Region of the Melanesian Brotherhood, an Anglican religious community.
As regional headquarters, Tumsisiro is home to the offices of the Regional Head Brother, the Section Elder Brother, and the Elder Brother. Tumsisro is also home to a Novitiate for the Melanesian Brotherhood, with novices from both Banks and Torres and the rest of Vanuatu coming here for training. 
Tumsisiro is located near a coral beach, and facilities include novice classrooms, a small shop, and a bakery. It has a limited supply of running water, a telephone, and electricity during the first part of the evening.
The centre of the community's life is the Saint Mark's Chapel, and Saint Simon and Saint Jude Square. The Eucharist (Mass) and Offices from the Book of Common Prayer and the Brothers' Office book are offered daily.
Tumisiro is the site of one of the largest Sunday Schools in Vanuatu, with children of every denomination coming for instruction. Important days are Saint Mark's Day (25 April), Ini Kopuria Day (6 June), and Saint Simon and Saint Jude Day (28 October).

</doc>
<doc id="2872276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872276" title="William H. Stayton">
William H. Stayton

Captain William H. Stayton founded the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment in 1918 and served as chairman of its board of directors. Captain Stayton and the Association played an important role in bringing about the repeal of prohibition in the U.S. (1933).
Stayton authored of "Naval Militiaman's Handbook" (1895).

</doc>
<doc id="2872281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872281" title="Pavillon Suisse">
Pavillon Suisse

The Pavillon Suisse or Swiss pavilion was designed by Le Corbusier between 1930-31 and is located at the Cité Internationale Universitaire, Paris.
Description.
The building was designed to house the Swiss students at the Cité Internationale Universitaire in Paris. It consists of a single storey part and a four storey slab building on piloti. The pavilion summarises Corbusier's key ideas from the 1920s. 
Construction.
The construction of this Pavilion was entrusted, without a competition, by the Committee of Swiss Universities to Le Corbusier and Pierre Jeanneret who at first refused to be charged with this commission. The manner in which their cause was handled by the Swiss federal authorities and the majority of Swiss public opinion at the time of the League of Nations Competition still lay heavy on their hearts. Nevertheless, at the insistence of the Swiss universities, they threw themselves into the work and built the pavilion with a budget reputed by the president of the Cité Universitaire to be only half-sufficient (3,000,000.00 fr.)
The construction of the building, under exceptionally difficult circumstances, provided the occasion for constituting a veritable laboratory of modern architecture: the most urgent were tackled, in particular, dry-wall construction and acoustic separation.

</doc>
<doc id="2872286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872286" title="Novye Cheryomushki (Moscow Metro)">
Novye Cheryomushki (Moscow Metro)

Novye Cheryomushki () is a train station on the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was opened as the final segment of the Kaluzhskiy radius on 13 October 1962, serving briefely as a terminus for two years. Novye Cheryomushki was built to the standard pillar-trispan design and features pillars faced with pinkish marble and tiled walls accented with two horizontal stripes of reddish-brown tile. The architects were M. Markovskiy and A. Ryzhkov.
The entrances to the station are located on Profsoyuznaya Street at its intersection with Garibaldi street. The station has a daily passenger traffic of 52,800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="2872287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872287" title="Neural binding">
Neural binding

According to the neural binding hypothesis, neurons within neuronal assemblies fire in synchrony to link different features of neuronal representations together. These features can include, shape, motion, color, depth, and other aspects of perception. Neural oscillations have been suggested as the mechanism of binding.
Concerning sensory awareness, neural binding accomplishes synchronization in the order of milliseconds via a process described as “dynamic binding by transient and precise synchronization of neuronal discharges”. Individual neurons bound to one neural net can transition, joining another neural net, contingent upon the “coincidence-sensitive neurons” which recruit them. Experimental confirmation for the existence of coincidence-sensitive neurons, has been offered by in vivo recordings of cortical auditory regions. The experiment employed excitatory and inhibitory potentials to induce binding within a relatively small population of the primary auditory neurons. This produced a magnification of neuronal activity within their associated networks. The outcome was measured by global output of neural oscillations.

</doc>
<doc id="2872313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872313" title="Ramūnas Šiškauskas">
Ramūnas Šiškauskas

Ramūnas Šiškauskas (, born September 10, 1978) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player born in Kaišiadorys, Lithuania. He could play both the shooting guard and small forward positions. He is 6'6" (1.98 m) in height and he weighs 220 lbs. (100 kg). In May 2012, he ended his professional basketball playing career.
Player profile.
Šiškauskas was a physical forward (198 cm or 6'6" tall) who could easily play, both on offense and defense, at the guard positions, on the wing, and also in the paint. His excellent leaping ability and his quickness made him a surprising shot blocker and one of the best one-on-one players and swingmen in Europe. The best defensive player of the Lithuanian national basketball team; he led the 2003-04 Lithuanian League in free throw percentage (90.6%).
Professional career.
Šiškauskas made his pro debut with Sakalai in 1996. He played two seasons with the club, averaging 11.3 points, on 60 percent shooting.
In 1998, Šiškauskas signed with Lietuvos Rytas of Vilnius. He played there until the 2003-04 season, and led the team to Lithuanian League titles in 2000 and 2002, and a Northern Europe League title in 2002. In 2002-03, he had his most successful season, averaging 16.4 points, on 68 percent shooting, and 3.4 rebounds.
Šiškauskas joined Benetton Treviso in 2004. He led them to an Italian League title in 2006, where he was named the Finals MVP, and an Italian Cup in 2005. He played in 32 Euroleague games over two seasons with Benetton, and averaged 12.3 points, on 60 percent shooting.
In 2006, Šiškauskas signed with Panathinaikos, and helped them win the Euroleague in 2007. He averaged 11 points, on 51 percent shooting for the championship team. With Panathinaikos, he also won a Greek League title and the Greek Cup in 2007.
Šiškauskas joined CSKA Moscow in 2007. He helped to lead them to a Euroleague title in 2008, and helped them reach the Euroleague Final in 2009. However, CSKA lost to Šiškauskas' former team, Panathinaikos. On May 1, 2009, he scored a career-high 29 points against Barcelona. Šiškauskas also won two Russian Super League titles in 2008 and 2009.
On May 15, 2009, Šiškauskas signed a contract extension with CSKA. He signed through 2011. Šiškauskas said: "I feel like the right man in the right place in CSKA. I am happy with both the team and the organization. That is why I don't see any reason to think about changes. I feel myself as a part of history of a great club, which is aiming for the highest goals. And that's what absolutely matches with my character."
On May 13, 2012, Šiškauskas missed two vital free-throws with 10 seconds remaining in CSKA's Euroleague Final game against Olympiacos Piraeus, which proved crucial in CSKA's 62 to 61 loss. He also missed the last second three-point shot in CSKA's Euroleague Final game against Panathinaikos, on May 3, 2009, which meant that CSKA lost the final by a score of 73 to 71.
Only one week after the Euroleague Final game, on May 21, 2012, Šiškauskas announced his retirement from professional basketball.
Lithuanian national team.
Šiškauskas was a member of the senior men's Lithuanian national basketball teams that won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games and the bronze medal at the FIBA EuroBasket 2007. He was also a member of the Lithuanian team that won the gold medal at the FIBA EuroBasket 2003. In 2008, he officially announced that he was stepping down from the Lithuanian National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="2872333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872333" title="Nanda Raptor">
Nanda Raptor

The Nanda Raptor is a radio controlled car made by Nanda, powered by a nitro fuel engine. It is sometimes known as the Power Racing Raptor in North America. It is imported by Schumacher Racing Products in the UK and sold as the "Schumacher Raptor".
The Raptor is a monster truck. It is in the same class as the HPI Savage.

</doc>
<doc id="2872339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872339" title="Majid Khan (cricketer)">
Majid Khan (cricketer)

Majid Jahangir Khan (Urdu:ماجدجہانگيرخان) is a former cricketer, a former captain of the Pakistan cricket team and one of the most fearless opening batsman produced by Pakistan. Khan's first-class career spanned from 1961 to 1985. He played 63 Tests for Pakistan, scoring 3,931 runs and made 8 centuries, scored over 27,000 first-class runs and made 73 first-class centuries, with 128 fifties. Majid played his last test for Pakistan in January 1983 against India at Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore and his last One Day International (ODI) was in July 1982 against England at Old Trafford, Manchester.
Early life.
Born on 28 September 1946 in Ludhiana, in the state of Punjab in India, Khan grew up in Lahore, the capital of the Punjab in Pakistan. His father, Jahangir Khan, had played Test cricket for British India before partition. Majid Khan started his career as a pace bowler, but a back injury and doubts over his technique converted him into an off-spin bowler and batsman. He also played for Glamorgan and Cambridge University in England, for Queensland in Australia, and in Pakistan for Pakistan International Airlines, Rawalpindi and the province of Punjab. 
Majid's father, Dr. Jahangir Khan, famously killed a bird in flight while bowling during an MCC vs. Cambridge University match in 1936. This bird is now part of the permanent MCC museum exhibit at Lord's Cricket ground. Dr. Jahangir Khan was the Chief Selector of then Board of Control for Cricket in Pakistan (BCCP) when Majid Khan was close to national selection. Dr. Jahangir Khan resigned from his post to maintain the impartiality of the Cricket Board during selection.
International career.
Majid's Test career started in 1964 against Australia at National Stadium, Karachi. Khan is one of only four batsmen (the other three are Trumper, Macartney and Bradman) to have scored a century before lunch in a test match, scoring 108 not-out off 112 balls against New Zealand in Karachi during the 1976–77 test series. Khan made his ODI debut against New Zealand in 1973 at Lancaster Park, New Zealand. He also holds the unique honour of scoring the first one day century for Pakistan, in an ODI against England at Trent Bridge on 31 August 1974. Khan scored 109 from 93 balls with 16 fours and a six.
Majid had played for Lahore since 1961/62 and had made his Test debut against Australia in 1964/65 and toured England with the 1967 Pakistanis. During a match with Glamorgan, Majid blasted a rapid 147 in 89 minutes, hitting Roger Davis for five sixes in one over. Wilf Wooller, the club secretary, had been a close friend of Majid's father when Dr Jahangir Khan had been up at Cambridge, and the influential Glamorgan secretary persuaded Glamorgan county to sign him as the overseas player from 1968. In 1972 he won the Walter Lawrence Trophy for the season’s fastest century which he scored in 70 minutes for Glamorgan against Warwickshire. He captained the Welsh county between 1973 and 1976, scored over 9000 runs punctuated with 21 first-class centuries for them. Imran Khan, the legendary Pakistani ex-captain and fast bowler, and Javed Burki are his cousins. Bazid Khan, Majid's son, has also played for Pakistan, making the family the second, after the Headleys, to have three consecutive generations of Test cricketers.
Initially, Majid Khan continued to boost Pakistan's middle order, until he was promoted to fill the opener's slot with Sadiq Mohammad in 1974. He was the first century scorer for Pakistan in One Day International Cricket, scoring 108 runs against England at Trent Bridge, Nottingham in the same season. Majid Khan was also a specialist slip fielder and made most catches look easy. Khan was also well known as a "walker", maintaining the standards of the game in an era when professionalism was straining at the game's traditional etiquette.
The 1976–77 tour of West Indies was the most remarkable period for Majid Khan, where he scored scored 530 test runs against one of the most powerful bowling attacks in the history of the game. His best innings was perhaps the 167 in Pakistan's second innings at Georgetown that saved Pakistan from likely defeat. Pakistan lost that series 2–1.
After retirement from International Cricket, Khan became an administrator with the Pakistan Cricket Board, becoming the CEO of the board in mid-1990s. He now lives in Islamabad.

</doc>
<doc id="2872342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872342" title="Blood (This Mortal Coil album)">
Blood (This Mortal Coil album)

Blood is an album released in 1991 by Ivo Watts-Russell's supergroup, This Mortal Coil. The double album was the final LP in the project's history, although Ivo used two TMC performers on his next project, The Hope Blister, in 1998. "You and Your Sister" was a #13 hit in The Netherlands and spent seven weeks in the Dutch Top 40.
Other information.
Catalogue number:

</doc>
<doc id="2872344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872344" title="Thomas Bailey">
Thomas Bailey

Thomas Bailey or Tom Bailey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2872345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872345" title="Lupe Fiasco">
Lupe Fiasco

Wasalu Muhammad Jaco (born February 16, 1982), better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco ( ), is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur. He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album, "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor". He also performs as the frontman of rock band Japanese Cartoon under his real name. As an entrepreneur, Fiasco is the chief executive officer of 1st and 15th Entertainment.
Raised in Chicago, Fiasco developed an interest in hip hop after initially disliking the genre for its use of vulgarity and misogyny. After adopting the name Lupe Fiasco and recording songs in his father's basement, 19-year-old Fiasco joined a group called Da Pak. The group disbanded shortly after its inception, and Fiasco soon met rapper Jay-Z who helped him sign a record deal with Atlantic Records. In September 2006, Fiasco released his debut album "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor" on the label, which received three Grammy nominations. He released his second album, "Lupe Fiasco's The Cool", in December 2007. The lead single "Superstar" peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After a two-year delay, "Lasers" was released in March 2011 to mixed reviews, with lead single "The Show Goes On" peaking at number 9 on the chart. "" was released in September 2012.
In addition to music, Fiasco has pursued other business ventures, including fashion. He runs two clothing lines, Righteous Kung-Fu and Trilly & Truly; he has designed sneakers for Reebok. He has been involved with charitable activities, including the Summit on the Summit expedition, and in 2010 he recorded a benefit single for victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Fiasco is also noted for his anti-establishment views, which he has expressed in both interviews and his music.
Life and career.
1982–98: Early life.
Fiasco was born Wasalu Muhammad Jaco on February 16, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois. Of West African descent, he was one of nine children of Shirley, a gourmet chef, and Gregory, an engineer. His father, a member of the Black Panther Party, was a prolific African drummer, karate teacher, operating plant engineer, and owner of karate schools and army surplus stores. Fiasco was raised Muslim on the West Side of Chicago on Madison Terrace housing project. At the age of three, Fiasco began taking martial arts classes. His parents divorced when he was five, and he went on to live with his mother, but his father still remained an important part of his life. He described his father's influence over the family by saying, "After school, my father would come and get us and take us out into the world—one day, we're listening to N.W.A, the next day we're listening to Ravi Shankar, the next day, he's teaching us how to shoot an AK-47, the next day, we're at karate class, the next day, we're in Chinatown...".
In sixth grade, he went to live with his father full-time in Harvey, Illinois. His father lived next door to a crack house and taught Fiasco to use guns to defend himself from drug dealers. Despite his unstable upbringing, Fiasco states that he was well-educated as a child, asserting that his parents exposed him to a diverse array of subjects and that reading was highly encouraged in his household. As a teenager, Fiasco participated in Academic Decathlon competitions. His mother described him by saying, "He was a great spirited child. Smart, a bit complex; he kind of was a loner; he didn't hang with a lot of people...He always had the glasses. Always had a book bag over his shoulder and some type of a writing tablet." Fiasco initially disliked hip hop music for its use of vulgarity, and preferred to listen to jazz; he idolized clarinet player Benny Goodman. His struggle to learn to play an instrument led him to create poetry instead, which led to his interest in the lyrical aspects of music.
He began rapping his poems in the eighth grade, and upon hearing Nas' 1996 album, "It Was Written", began to pursue hip hop. While attending Thornton Township High School, Fiasco met gang member Bishop G. The two became friends due to their shared interest in music. Fiasco's father allowed him and Bishop to make mixtapes in his basement, and the two gained notoriety at the school for their music. However, they were kicked off stage during their first performance because their eclectic musical style was not embraced by the hip hop community. Early in his career, he went by stage names Little Lu and Lu tha Underdog. Growing up, Fiasco was given the nickname "Lu", the last part of his first name, by his mother. "Lupe" is an extension of this nickname, which he borrowed from a friend from high school. "Fiasco" is a reference to The Firm song "Firm Fiasco"; the rapper "liked the way it looked on paper." He also said of his name, "You know how rappers always have names like MC Terrorist—like they're 'terrorizing' other rappers? I knew fiasco meant a great disaster or something like that, but I didn't realize that the person named Fiasco would be the disaster, and that you should be calling other MCs fiascos—not yourself...it kind of humbled me in a sense. It taught me like, 'Yo, stop rushing, or you're going to have some fiascos.'"
1999–2005: Career beginnings.
When Fiasco was 17, he began creating music as a solo artist in his father's basement, even though his parents were not keen on having their son be a rapper. He scoured flea markets and secondhand stores, where he was able to find an old mixing board and a record player, stacks of vinyl records, and mic stands. At age 19, Fiasco joined a group called Da Pak, which was influenced by other California gangsta rappers such as Spice 1 and Ice Cube. Da Pak signed to Epic Records and released one single before splitting up. Fiasco later described the experience, saying "We had a song out about cocaine, guns, and women, and I would go to a record store and look at it and think, 'What are you doing?' I felt like a hypocrite. I was acting like this rapper who would never be judged, and I had to destroy that guy. Because what Lupe Fiasco says on this microphone is going to come back to Wasalu Jaco. When the music cuts off, you have to go home and live with what you say."
After turning away from gangsta rap, he developed a greater appreciation of the lyricism of Jay-Z and Nas. His mother also gave him a record of the influential group The Watts Prophets, one of the first bands to use spoken words with music. Although he was without a group for the first time, Fiasco continued to record music. One of these first self-recorded tracks was "Could Have Been", which described the career options he could have pursued had he not begun rapping. He viewed the song as a turning point in his career that marked a drastic change in the subject matter of his music. "Could Have Been" was released as a demo tape and discovered by MTV despite the fact that no video was created for the song.
Fiasco later signed a solo deal with Arista Records, but was dropped when president and CEO L.A. Reid was fired. During his short tenure at Arista, he met Jay-Z, who was the president of Def Jam Recordings at the time. Jay-Z referred to him as a "breath of fresh air", saying that he reminded him of a younger version of himself. Jay-Z later helped him get a record deal at Atlantic Records. While Fiasco was working on his debut solo album, he released his mixtape series "Fahrenheit 1/15" over the internet, which gained notoriety by word-of-mouth.
He remixed Kanye West's song, "Diamonds from Sierra Leone", renaming the new version as "Conflict Diamonds". With this remix, Fiasco wished to raise awareness of the conflict diamond business. This caught West's attention, and he asked Fiasco to perform on the song "Touch the Sky" for West's album "Late Registration". The song, which sampled Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up", became a hit in the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number forty-two. After this success, Fiasco's first single "Kick, Push" was released earlier than expected. The song was a love story about two people sharing a passion for skateboarding, a topic generally not discussed in hip-hop. Fiasco explained, "culture is just as deep as hip-hop. I'm not the greatest skateboarder, but I'm a damn good rapper, so I made a damn good skateboarding song." The single, and its accompanying music video, helped Fiasco get attention in the hip-hop community, and was later nominated for two 2007 Grammy Awards. During this time, he recorded guest performances on Tha' Rayne's "Kiss Me" and "Didn't You Know" singles, and also on K Foxx's 2004 "This Life".
2006–08: "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor" and "The Cool".
Jay-Z assisted him in the production of what would become his debut album "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor". The title of the album is a reference to 'Food and Liquor' stores common in Chicago. He explains, "The store is where everything is at...Food to me represents growth and progression. You eat food and you get strength. You need it to live. Liquor is not a necessity; it is a want. It destroys you. It breaks you down. I can see why it's prohibited in Islam...I've always felt like liquor represents the bad, the food represents the good, and everyone is made up of a little of both." "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor" was officially released on September 19, 2006. The album featured production from Jay-Z, Kanye West, Mike Shinoda, The Neptunes, Prolyfic, among others. The record spawned the singles "Kick, Push", "I Gotcha" and "Daydreamin'" featuring Jill Scott. The critically lauded album was later nominated for three Grammy Awards including Best Rap Album. Fiasco won "Best Urban/Alternative Performance" for "Daydreamin'". In the same year, he was voted by "GQ" magazine as the "Breakout Man of the Year." He also received four BET Hip Hop Award nominations, and it made it to number eight on Billboard 200 and number two on Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. That same year he participated in the first Cypher at the BET Hip-Hop Awards.
In 2007, Fiasco announced his second album, "Lupe Fiasco's The Cool", a concept album that expands on the story of the track of the same name on his first album. While recording this album, Fiasco's father died of type II diabetes and his business partner, Charles "Chilly" Patton, was convicted of attempting to supply heroin to a drug ring and was eventually sentenced to 44 years in a correctional facility. These events greatly affected Fiasco and the subsequent themes discussed on the record. The disc was released in December 2007 in United States while the first single and video from the album, "Superstar" featuring Matthew Santos was released the first week of November 2007. "Lupe Fiasco's The Cool", a concept album that expanded upon recurring themes in "Food & Liquor", is about "a hustler who dies and comes back to life, only to get robbed by two little kids with the same gun that killed him." For the record, Fiasco decided not to work with well-known producers as he considered it to be "too expensive", noting the commercial failure of his Pharrell collaboration, "I Gotcha".
"Lupe Fiasco's The Cool" was very well received by critics and was referred to as "one of the year's best hip-hop albums" by "The New York Times". "Superstar", a semi-autobiographical account of his rise to fame, was released as the first single from the album, and peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Baseball's Hanley Ramírez, Troy Tulowitzki, Ryan Zimmerman, Gerald Laird and Ryan Braun have used "Superstar" as their at-bat song. The album's second single (released in the UK in April 2008) was "Paris, Tokyo" – a song based around Fiasco's experiences of touring the world between his first and second albums. Moreover, in 2007 it was revealed that Fiasco, Kanye West and Pharrell Williams had formed a group called Child Rebel Soldier. CRS initially released one single, entitled "US Placers" and featuring a Thom Yorke sample. In an interview with "The Village Voice", Fiasco revealed that he was writing a novel about a window washer, aptly titled "Reflections of a Window Washer". In 2008, Fiasco and his band 1500 or Nothin joined Kanye West's Glow in the Dark Tour which also featured Rihanna and N.E.R.D. The tour stopped in several cities, including his hometown of Chicago. In 2008, MTV named Fiasco the 7th Hottest MC in the Game and announced that he was remixing "The Cool" with French electro house act Justice.
2009–2011: "Lasers".
At a performance in New Zealand in February 2010, Fiasco performed new material from the then-titled "We Are Lasers" for the first time. He claimed that the album was complete and waiting for a release date from his label, Atlantic Records. However, Atlantic feared that the record lacked commercial singles, and presented Fiasco with songs the label wanted him to record. Fiasco declined, as he was told he would not have any ownership of the songs. He explained, "I don't think the label cares about an album...People just want their number-one record." For six months, the cause of the album's delay remained unclear to the public. In response, Fiasco's fans created an online petition demanding that Atlantic Records release "Lasers". The petition garnered considerable attention on hip hop blog sites as well as over 16,000 signatures. Fiasco stated that the petition "brought to tears", and in response to the petition, Fiasco released a song titled "B.M.F-Building Minds Faster" to thank his fans.
While waiting for "Lasers" to be released, Fiasco completed another album, titled "". He was unsure if the "Food and Liquor II" would ever be released, though he released the song "Go To Sleep" from the record "out of desperation" to put out new music. He also pursued numerous side projects in the midst of the delay. In April 2010, Fiasco formed the hip hop collective All City Chess Club along with Pharrell, Asher Roth, B.o.B, The Cool Kids, Charles Hamilton, Blu, Diggy Simmons, Wale, J. Cole, & Dosage. The group has so far made one song, a remix of Fiasco's "I'm Beamin". Additionally, On July 16, 2010, Fiasco released his rock side-project Japanese Cartoon's debut EP "In The Jaws of the Lords of Death". Japanese Cartoon was influenced by a variety of musical genres, with Fiasco saying, "I’ve always been a fan of all music...Hip hop is just something I actually know how to do but I always had aspirations to participate in other forms of music. Once I got to create some hip hop, it was like, 'Okay, what am I going to do now?' So my artistic side was like, 'Yo, let's do some rock music.'"
More than two and a half years after the album's completion, "Lasers" was released on March 8, 2011. The first single from the record was "The Show Goes On", which samples "Float On" by Modest Mouse. "The Show Goes On" debuted at number 57 on the Billboard Hot 100. The lead single peaked at number 9 since then. The producers involved on the album include Alex Da Kidd, King David "The Future" and Jerry "Wonda" Duplessis, while featured artists include Skylar Grey, Trey Songz, and John Legend. Upon the album's release, "Lasers" debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 204,000 copies. Despite the album's commercial success, "Lasers" received mixed reviews from most music critics. Writing for AllMusic, editor Andy Kellman gave the record three out of five stars and criticized its "lumbering, overwrought choruses", writing that "If there is one MC whose rhymes should not be dulled for the sake of chasing pop trends, it's Lupe Fiasco". "Lasers", however, was nominated Best Rap Album, with "The Show Goes On" nominated for Best Rap Performance, and Best Rap Song at the 2012 Grammy Awards. Lupe Fiasco later involved himself at the Occupy Wall Street movement where he donated tents and released a poem in support of the protesters. He also released his "Friend of the People: I Fight Evil" mixtape on Thanksgiving Day.
2012-2013: "Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album".
Fiasco has since released "Food & Liquor 2", as well as put work into a joint album with fellow Child Rebel Soldier & All City Chess Club member Pharrell. Prior to the album's release, he revealed that there would be no more mixtapes after "Friend Of The People: I Fight Evil" prior to "Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album", which was planned to be a double-disc with Part I set to release in fall 2012. Its lead single, the Simonsayz and B-Side produced track Around My Way (Freedom Ain't Free), was released on May 21, which stirred controversy from an infuriated Pete Rock for using a sample from They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y.). Rock said that he felt "so violated" by the use of the sample, although the original track itself used samples from Tom Scott and James Brown.
Fiasco recently collaborated with Australian singer/songwriter Guy Sebastian on the single "Battle Scars". The single was recorded in Sebastian's Sydney studio when Fiasco was in Australia for Supafest, and is featured on Sebastian's album "Armageddon". It debuted at number one in Australia in its first week, becoming Fiasco's first number one single. On 21 August it was announced "Battle Scars" would be included on Fiasco's fourth album, "", and was released as the fourth single in the United States on 28 August 2012. It reached number 71 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 Chart, number 23 on the "Billboard" Digital Song Chart and number one on the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Chart. The song spent 20 nonconsecutive weeks in the "Billboard" Hot 100, and reached platinum certification. "Battle Scars" spent six weeks at number one in Australia, and has been certified 9× platinum by ARIA. It also reached number two and double platinum in New Zealand and number two in Norway.
"Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album Pt. 1" was released on September 25, 2012. The songs "Go to Sleep" and "Bitch Bad" were also released as singles. The album received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 70, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 18 reviews. It was also nominated for Best Rap Album at the 55th Grammy Awards. Originally, the album was set to be released as a double-disc album, but Atlantic Records did not allow this arrangement, so the album was divided into two. It was confirmed that a Part 2 will be released in Spring 2013. Lupe has said the album showcases more of his dexterity and lyrical substance. S1 has confirmed to be producing on the album. On January 17, 2013 he canceled the plan for the release of the second part of the original double disk. He then said that he would release another studio album in 2013.
2013-present: "Tetsuo & Youth".
On February 10, 2013, on the red carpet for the Grammy Awards he announced his fifth studio album would be titled "Tetsuo & Youth". Since then, he has released songs that are not slated to be on Tetsuo Youth. These songs are "Light Blue" and "Jonylah Forever." Upon hearing her name in Lupe's song "Form Follows Function", Imogen Heap reached out to Lupe on Twitter to give a thank you which led to Fiasco asking her to appear on his next album making her a possible guest artist on "Tetsuo and Youth". On August 4, 2013 Lupe Fiasco revealed a new song would be released on September 11, titled "Peace Of Paper/Cup Of Jayzus".
On August 24, 2013, Fiasco revealed the first song from "Tetsuo & Youth", "Crack", featuring Chris Brown. Then on October 3, 2013, Fiasco announced the Tetsuo & Youth Preview tour to take place between November 2 and December 15, 2013. The tour featuring label-mate Stalley as a supporting act, and The Boy Illinois as an opening act. He also revealed the album "Tetsuo & Youth" would be released in early 2014. On October 14, 2013, Fiasco released the first song from the album, "Old School Love" featuring singer Ed Sheeran. Then on October 21, 2013, Fiasco revealed that Big K.R.I.T. and Rick Ross would also be featured on the album. 
On May 19, 2014, Fiasco released the first single from the album, "Mission". ‘Mission’ is a track to empower those facing cancer, revere cancer survivors, and remember those who have passed to due to cancer-related illnesses,” he explains. He has teamed up with Stand Up to Cancer as a celebrity ambassador. Together, they are planning collaborations tied to the track that will be unveiled the same year.
Lyrical style.
Fiasco, along with rappers Common, Mos Def, and Talib Kweli, has been credited as a pioneer of the conscious hip hop movement, which focuses on social issues. Subjects touched upon on "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor" include absent parents, terrorism, Islam and religion, war, and prostitution. Fiasco attributes his interest in social issues to his highly cultured upbringing, as he describes his mother as "very intellectual" and his father as a "Renaissance man". He rejects the misogyny common in hip hop, which he discusses in the song "Hurt Me Soul". Despite this, Fiasco is strongly opposed to censorship in music: "If we're going to things that are offensive, then we are going to have to blind and deafen everyone. Come on, man. Let's focus on education and literacy and poverty."
Fiasco employs various lyrical techniques in his songwriting. The rapper views hip-hop as a medium conducive to storytelling, a primary element of his lyrics due to his background in theater. He wrote plays as a child, which had a strong effect on his songwriting approaches. Fiasco utilizes both metaphors and literal statements in his work, which he describes as "getting from point A to point B in as few words as possible". His use of metaphors is exemplified by the song "Gotta Eat" from "Lupe Fiasco's The Cool", which is told from the perspective of a cheeseburger and addresses the poor nutrition in black communities in the United States, while using a continuous metaphor of drug dealing and hustling.
Philanthropy and business ventures.
In 2001, Fiasco co-founded 1st & 15th Entertainment with Charles "Chilly" Patton. 1st & 15th is an independent record label separate from Atlantic Records named after the traditional twice-monthly paycheck dates. Although his albums are released by Atlantic since he is under contract with them, most of his works are usually produced by 1st & 15th and its in house producers. Although Fiasco was initially to serve as vice-president, he became CEO after Patton was convicted on drug charges. Fiasco and singer Matthew Santos were two of the most recognizable signed artists. In November 2009, Fiasco announced he would discontinue the 1st & 15th label: "It was just such a 'this isn't right for you right now. This isn't gonna work for you right now. You need to be focused on you. Do you really want that, do you really have the capacity to do it?'" In March 2013 Fiasco took to Twitter to announce that he had become the Creative Director at Higi, a scoring system based in the Chicago area that helps you to discover more about yourself so you can look, live and feel better.
In 2005, he founded Righteous Kung-Fu, a company that designs fashions, sneakers, toys, video games, comic books, and graphics for album covers and skateboard decks. Fiasco also runs a fashion line out of Righteous Kung-Fu called Trilly & Truly. He has sponsored a skateboard team and has endorsements from DGK Skateboards. In January 2006, Fiasco signed with major footwear and apparel corporation Reebok, becoming part of the "O.G" marketing campaign where rap artists such as Lil Wayne and Mike Jones designed their own personal colorway of the Reebok "O.G" model.
In 2009, Fiasco performed in "The People Speak", a documentary feature film that employs musical performances of the letters, diaries, and speeches of everyday Americans, based on historian Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States". On January 7, 2010, Fiasco joined musician Kenna, actress Jessica Biel, and other celebrities and activists for an expedition to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro called Summit on the Summit to raise awareness of the billions of people worldwide who lack access to sanitary drinking water. On January 20, 2010, Fiasco released a track called "Resurrection" with Kenna in response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake. The song, part of a compilation released through the charity Music for Relief, aimed to encourage donations for immediate relief and long-term recovery following the disaster.
Personal life.
Religion.
Lupe Fiasco has stated on MTV's Rap Fix as well as in various other media that he is a Muslim, and that Islam "plays a part in my life and everything I do, to a certain extent... I don’t like putting my religion out there, I don’t like wearing it like that, because I don’t want people to look at me as the poster child for Islam. I’m not. I don’t want them to look at my flaws and be like, ‘oh, that's the flaws of Islam’." His mixtape series "Fahrenheit 1/15" featured a remix of Kanye West's "Jesus Walks" entitled "Muhammad Walks", which went on to become very popular in the Muslim community. He can be heard using Islamic recitals in "Hurt Me Soul", "Little Weapon", "Hi-Definition" as well as the intro and outro tracks to "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor".
Political views.
Fiasco is noted for his anti-establishment views. In an interview with Stephen Colbert on the satirical news show "The Colbert Report", Fiasco stated his credo on political philosophy: "You should criticize power even if you agree with it." In another interview in June 2011 on the CBS program "What's Trending", Fiasco discussed the political content of his music, stating, "My fight against terrorism, to me, the biggest terrorist is Obama and the United States of America. I'm trying to fight the terrorism that's actually causing the other forms of terrorism. You know, the root cause of terrorism is the stuff the U.S. government allows to happen. The foreign policies that we have in place in different countries that inspire people to become terrorists." He additionally criticized Obama for his stance on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. In keeping with his anti-establishment views, Fiasco does not vote in U.S. elections. On January 20, 2013, he was removed from the stage by the security for refusing to move onto the next song after performing a 30 minute version of Words I Never Said, which contains anti-Obama lyrics, in Washington D.C., during Obama's second presidential inauguration.
Awards.
In 2006, Lupe was named one of GQ's Men of the Year along with being awarded one Grammy in 2008 along with 12 nominations. He has been nominated for numerous other awards and has also been awarded the Character Approved Award for a Musician by USA in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2872349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872349" title="H2Oasis Indoor Waterpark">
H2Oasis Indoor Waterpark

H2Oasis Indoor Waterpark is a 56,000 square foot (5,200 m²) Indoor Waterpark located in Anchorage, Alaska just east of the Seward Highway at 1520 O'Malley Road. It opened in 2003 and is the fifth largest indoor waterpark in the United States. Only Wilderness Hotel & Golf Resort, Kalahari Resort and Convention Center, Water Park of America, Chula Vista Resort's Lost Rios and Great Wolf Lodge Wisconsin Dells are larger.
Rides and water features.
The water temperature is kept around 84 °F (27 °C).

</doc>
<doc id="2872355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872355" title="Schumacher Menace">
Schumacher Menace

The Schumacher Menace is a radio-controlled car made by Schumacher Racing Products powered by a nitro fuel engine.
The Schumacher Menace is a four wheel drive stadium truck. It is the world's fastest 1:10 ready to run stadium truck as of 2005. The Menace is claimed capable of speeds of around 70 mph (110 km/h) and able do 0–60 mph in less than two seconds.
There is an on-road version of the Schumacher Menace called the Schumacher Menace GTR.

</doc>
<doc id="2872362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872362" title="Grayson Murphy">
Grayson Murphy

Colonel Grayson M.-P. Murphy (Grayson Mallet-Prevost Murphy) (1878–1937) was an American private banker and a director of Anaconda Copper Mining Company, Guaranty Trust Company, New York Trust Company, Bethlehem Steel, Goodyear Tire & Rubber, New York Railways, Fifth Avenue Coach Co., and Chicago Motor Coach Co. Mr. Murphy was very active in the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment and voiced his opposition to the 18th Amendment at a Congressional hearing. His efforts contributed to the repeal of prohibition in the United States.
He had previously attended Haverford College and was a volunteer in the Spanish-American War. He also attended the United States Military Academy and was a lieutenant in the Philippine-American War. At various other times he was a Senior Vice-President of Guaranty Trust Company, Chief Commissioner of the American Red Cross in Europe, and Lieutenant-Colonel in charge of operations, 42nd Division. He was also Founder and Head of G.M.-P. Murphy & Co., Treasurer of the American Liberty League and a recipient of the Army Distinguished Service Medal, as authorized by Congress on July 9, 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="2872363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872363" title="Cartesian skyscraper">
Cartesian skyscraper

The Cartesian sky-scraper, designed by Le Corbusier in 1938, is a type of tower building known for its modern and rational design. This type of modern administration building has its source in the first sketches for the Pavillon de L'Esprit Nouveau in 1919, which proposes a cruciform form for skyscrapers, radiating light and stability. In principle the cruciform plan (with two axes) does not adapt itself to the path of the sun, which has only one axis. Studying further, it was seen that with this form symmetrical about two axes, the cruciform skyscraper does not receive sunlight on its north facades.
As a result, a new form was introduced: the "chicken claw". This is the insertion of many bays along both axes in plan, allowing for more light and air. With this everything became more alive, more true, more harmonious, more supple, more diverse, more architectural.
Cases for its application were found in the plans for Anvers-Rive-Gauche, Barcelona, Buenos Aires, Manhattan, etc. Such a form and its dimensions become a true urbanistic work, the fruit of modern techniques. The innovation right from the start was to oppose the purely formal and romantic conceptions of American skyscrapers (with their pyramidal forms and needle-like terminations).

</doc>
<doc id="2872368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872368" title="William L. Nash">
William L. Nash

William L. Nash is a retired U.S. Army Major General who commanded the 1st Armored Division of the United States Army when it went to Bosnia in 1995 for a year as a peacekeeping operation. A Russian brigade, initially under the command of Colonel Aleksandr Ivanovich Lentsov, was part of that effort. An account of the interactions of the Americans and Russians in Bosnia in 1996 may be found in James Nelson’s Bosnia Journal. General Nash is a frequent contributor to ABCNEWS.
He stated in 2006 that he believes a civil war is taking place in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="2872385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872385" title="Velvetleaf">
Velvetleaf

Velvetleaf (or "velvet leaf", etc.) is a common name used for plants with soft-haired leaves:

</doc>
<doc id="2872387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872387" title="Cheyenne Jackson">
Cheyenne Jackson

Cheyenne Jackson (born July 12, 1975) is an American actor and singer. He has played in many prominent roles in theater on Broadway. His first Broadway leading role in "All Shook Up" earned him a Theatre World Award for "Outstanding Broadway Debut." Additionally, on the New York stage he has starred in "The Performers", "8", "Finian's Rainbow" (Drama Desk nomination), "Damn Yankees", "Xanadu" (Drama League, Drama Desk nominations), "The Agony & the Agony", the premiere cast of "Altar Boyz", "Aida", and "Thoroughly Modern Millie".
He has also appeared in a number of films, including his portrayal of Mark Bingham in the 2006 Academy Award nominated "United 93," which earned him the Boston Society of Film Critics 2006 award for Best Ensemble Cast; in television series such as NBC's "30 Rock" and Fox's "Glee"; and guest-starring roles on several other TV series.
In concert, he has sold out Carnegie Hall twice: "The Power of Two" in 2010 and "Music of the Mad Men Era" in 2011. In addition to his theatrical musical career, he has also developed a general musical career, with a joint album "The Power of Two" with Michael Feinstein in 2008. In 2012, Jackson released two singles "Drive" and the follow-up "Before You". Both songs are from his 2013 album "I'm Blue, Skies".
Early life.
Jackson was born at Deaconess Hospital in Spokane,WA on July 12, 1975, and was named by his father after the 1950s Western series "Cheyenne". The third of four children, he was raised in Newport, Washington, a "teeny mill town" of about 1,200 people in a rural area in north eastern Washington near the Idaho border. His father is a Native American and a Vietnam veteran.
His mother taught Jackson, his sister and two brothers to sing and regularly played music by Joan Baez, Joni Mitchell, Bob Dylan and Elvis Presley at home. Jackson moved to Spokane, Washington as a teenager and came out to his parents as gay at age 19. His parents were evangelical born-again Christians and his brother is a pastor who has preached on "The 700 Club". They eventually accepted his sexuality.
In Seattle, he worked as an ad executive at a magazine and did some theater on the side, earning his Equity card. "As soon as I found out what theater was, what Broadway was, I thought, 'Oh, that's what I'll do with my life.' Just a matter of getting all the pieces in place." Inspired to rethink his career after a death in his family and the September 11 attacks, in 2001 he moved to New York to pursue his dream of being an actor. In 2002, one year after leaving home, he made his Broadway debut in Thoroughly Modern Millie, as an understudy for both male leads. He has showcased his skills on Broadway, in films, like United 93; on television shows, including 30 Rock, and Glee; releasing two studio albums, and performing nearly non-stop in live concert performances. His most recent album, I’m Blue, Skies, was released in 2013 and is available on iTunes.
Career.
Theatrical acting career.
In regional theaters, Jackson has appeared as Tony in "West Side Story", as Joey in "The Most Happy Fella", as Cain in "Children of Eden", as Berger in "Hair", as Billy Bigelow in "Carousel", as Joe Hardy in "Damn Yankees", as Rocky in "The Rocky Horror Show", and as The Poet in "Kismet", among many other productions.
Jackson made his Broadway debut understudying both male leads in the Tony Award-winning musical "Thoroughly Modern Millie". He later served as the standby for the character of Radames in "Aida", then originated the role of Matthew in the off-Broadway production of "Altar Boyz". In 2005, he originated his first Broadway leading role in the musical "All Shook Up", a tribute to Elvis Presley. His performance as Chad earned him much critical praise, the Theatre World Award, and nominations from the Drama League and Outer Critics Circle Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor. In 2006, he starred off-Broadway in playwright Nicky Silver's "The Agony and The Agony" with Victoria Clark. In June 2007, less than a week before the scheduled opening night, Jackson assumed the lead role of Sonny on Broadway in "Xanadu", replacing James Carpinello who had been injured during rehearsal. Previous workshop productions of the musical starred Jackson and Jane Krakowski. However, both Jackson and Krakowski opted out of the initial Broadway run, citing schedule conflicts. His performance as Sonny earned him nominations from the Drama League and Drama Desk for Outstanding Lead Actor. "Xanadu" had several Tony Award nominations including "Best New Musical" for which Jackson and the cast performed on the 62nd Tony Awards show.
In 2008, Jackson joined Jane Krakowski and Sean Hayes in the New York City Center's Encores! production of "Damn Yankees". He returned to Encores! in 2009, playing Woody Mahoney in the staged concert of "Finian's Rainbow" which critics praised. Jackson also starred in the development workshop of "The Book of Mormon" by Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and Robert Lopez, who co-wrote the music for "Avenue Q".
In October 2009 Jackson opened on Broadway to positive critical reviews reprising the role of Woody Mahoney in the Broadway revival of the 1947 musical "Finian's Rainbow" at the St. James Theatre, costarring with Jim Norton and Kate Baldwin. "The Wall Street Journal" raved, "The way that Baldwin and Cheyenne Jackson sing "Old Devil Moon" is the stuff best-selling cast albums are made of." The show closed on January 17, 2010. Along with the company of "Finian's Rainbow", he recorded the Broadway revival cast album in early December 2009, with a release date of February 2, 2010.
In September 2011, Jackson joined Morgan Freeman, Ellen Barkin, Matt Bomer, Christine Lahti, and John Lithgow as part of the premier Broadway Cast of Dustin Lance Black's new play "8", directed by Joe Mantello. In June 2012, Jackson starred opposite Krysten Ritter in Neil LaBute's "The Heart of The Matter" produced by MCC Theater at the Lucille Lortel Theatre.
In the 2012-2013 Broadway season, Jackson, Henry Winkler, Alicia Silverstone, Daniel Breaker, Jenni Barber and Ari Graynor starred in David West Read's play "The Performers" which started previews on Oct 23, 2012 at the Longacre Theatre. The play closed on November 18, 2012, after 23 previews and 7 regular performances. Critical reception for the overall play was mixed with an median Stage Grade of C. However, a majority of reviewers including "Entertainment Weekly", "The Hollywood Reporter", "The New York Times", and The Associated Press gave extremely positive reviews to both Cheyenne Jackson's and Ari Graynor's performances. Broadway producers cited the effects of Hurricane Sandy on the box office as the primary reason for the show's early closing.
Film career.
In films, Jackson most notably portrayed 9/11 victim and hero Mark Bingham in the 2006 Academy Award nominated "United 93" which earned him the Boston Society of Film Critics 2006 award for Best Ensemble Cast. He has also appeared in several other films including: "Curiosity" (2005), "Hysteria" (2010), "Smile" (2011) the critically lauded "The Green" (opposite Julia Ormond and Illeana Douglas), and 2012 Sundance Film Festival selection "Price Check" (with Parker Posey). He portrayed Greta Gerwig's boyfriend Roger in the 2012 Fox Searchlight Pictures film "Lola Versus". In 2013, he starred in the HBO biopic of Liberace, "Behind the Candelabra" with Michael Douglas and Matt Damon. He will also be seen in the independent films "Lucky Stiff", "Mutual Friends", and "Beautiful Now".
Jackson and Gena Rowlands are set for the lead roles in the film version of "Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks" scheduled for 2014 release. Jackson plays Michael Minetti, who is hired by retiree Lily Harrison (Rowlands) to give her private dance lessons at her home for six weeks. The unlikely pair soon develop a deep friendship after an initially antagonistic relationship. The film also co-stars Jacki Weaver who plays a dance student of Mr. Jackson's character. The film is based on Richard Alfieri's Broadway play of the same name and is directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman.
Television career.
From 2009 through 2013, Jackson had a recurring role on the award winning NBC series, "30 Rock" playing Danny Baker. Jackson also portrayed Dustin Goolsby, the coach of "Vocal Adrenaline", the main rival of "New Directions" on Fox's hit show "Glee" second season.
He has guest starred on several television series including "Lipstick Jungle", "Life on Mars", and "Ugly Betty", and was featured in a prominent guest role during Season 8 of "Curb Your Enthusiasm". His character "Terry" was the personal trainer to Larry David and Wanda Sykes. On March 15, 2010, Jackson made his guest-starring debut on the long-running NBC series, "Law & Order" in an episode entitled "Innocence".
In 2008, Jackson played series lead Sebastian Kinglare for the Lifetime Television pilot "Family Practice" opposite Anne Archer and Beau Bridges. The series was not picked up for distribution.
In 2010, Jackson filmed a sitcom pilot for ABC-TV called "It Takes a Village" co-starring Leah Remini, which was not picked up for the fall 2010 season.
In 2012, Jackson and Nathan Lane were cast as series leads in the USA Network comedy pilot "Local Talent". The series was not picked up for distribution.
Additionally, Jackson guest starred on the pilot episode of NBC's revamp of "The Munsters", "Mockingbird Lane", written by Bryan Fuller and directed by Bryan Singer. Jackson portrayed Scout Master Steve, a competing love interest for Portia de Rossi's character Lily Munster; the show also stars Eddie Izzard and Jerry O'Connell. NBC aired the pilot as a Halloween special on October 26, 2012.
Jackson has starred in several notable webisode series including; "Cubby Bernstein" opposite Nathan Lane, "Legally Brown" with Allison Janney, and "The of show Show" from the meta-fictional Broadway musical "]".
Musical career.
Early in his career, Jackson worked as a back-up singer for Vanessa Williams, Heather Headley, and Liza Minnelli.
In March 2009, Jackson made his nightclub debut at Feinstein's at Lowes Regency with a sold-out one-man show titled "Back to the Start". He later teamed up with Michael Feinstein to create a well-received nightclub act titled "The Power of Two". A CD of the show was released on November 3, 2009.
"The Power of Two", a concert reuniting Jackson and Feinstein, was presented at Carnegie Hall on October 29, 2010. Jackson was the guest artist performing with the New York Pops in concert, "Cheyenne Jackson's Cocktail Hour: Music of the Mad Men Era", at Carnegie Hall on November 18, 2011. Joe Dziemianowicz of "The New York Daily News" wrote, "There, in Judy (Garland)'s spot singing Joni (Mitchell)'s song, (Cheyenne) Jackson turned the bittersweet ballad into a beautiful highlight in an evening filled with luscious moments with the New York Pops."
On December 31, 2012 Cheyenne reprised Music of the Mad Men Era at The Kennedy Center Concert Hall with 96 members of the National Symphony Orchestra. His special musical guest was Tony winner Nina Arianda The concert sold out within days and was hailed by critics as stunning, surprising, and a cool way to ring in 2013.
In March 2012, Jackson was signed to Sony/ATV publishing as a songwriter and given a developmental artist deal through Sony/ATV Hickory Records and Red Distribution.
On 10 May 2012, Jackson released his single "Drive", his first non-theatrical single and his first music video release. The video was directed by Austrian music video director Christian Hörlesberger and the track produced by Thomas "Tawgs" Salter. It was the first single released from "I'm Blue, Skies", which was eventually released in June 2013. The album was co-written by Jackson himself with Sia Furler, Stephen "Stevie" Aiello, and Charlotte Sometimes.
On July 10, 2012, Jackson released his second single "Before You", also produced by Thomas "Tawgs" Salter. "Before You" was the second single to be taken from "I'm Blue, Skies". In August 2012, "Before You" reached a peak of #31 on the Hot 100 AC chart.
The music video for "Before You" was directed by Nick Everhart and also stars Rachel Dratch and Christina Cole. It was inspired by the '60s monster TV shows "The Addams Family" and "The Munsters" as well as classic cinema of the '30s, '40s, and '50s. The director said the film was a tribute to the Golden Age of Hollywood.
Personal life.
Jackson is openly gay. Jackson and Monte Lapka, a physicist, began dating in 2000 and married on September 3, 2011 in New York. Less than two years later, in July 2013, Jackson and Lapka announced plans to divorce. They filed for divorce in September 2013.
In October 2013, he announced he was dating actor Jason Landau on his official Instagram account, although they had been having an affair since August. In February 2014, they have announced their engagement.
Jackson appeared on the cover of "The Advocate" issue #1006. The magazine used the caption: "Hello, gorgeous! For leading man Cheyenne Jackson, coming out is a beautiful thing". In 2008, Jackson was chosen as one of the 'People of the Year" by "Out" and appeared alongside Gus Van Sant, Katy Perry and Sam Sparro on the magazine's special December 2008 issue, being the magazine's 100th issue. In April 2010, he appeared on the cover of Canadian "fab" magazine under title "Cheyenne Jackson: I Love New York" with photographs by Mike Ruiz. He also appeared on "Out" magazine's November 2010 under the title "Shine on, Cheyenne: "Glee" 's hot new villain on love, redemption & Wonder Woman." In July 2012, Jackson appeared on the cover of "attitude" magazine with photographs by Joseph Sinclair.
Charity and activism.
Jackson is an LGBT rights supporter. In 2008, he was named "Out" magazine's Entertainer of the Year.
He is an international ambassador for amfAR (The Foundation for AIDS Research)
He is also a national ambassador and spokesperson for The Hetrick-Martin Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="2872392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872392" title="Libertas Schulze-Boysen">
Libertas Schulze-Boysen

Libertas Schulze-Boysen, born Libertas Viktoria Haas-Heye (November 20, 1913 in Paris – December 22, 1942 in Berlin-Plötzensee) was a German opponent of the Nazis who belonged to the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") resistance group during the Third Reich.
Early years.
Schulze-Boysen spent her childhood at her grandfather's estate Philip, Prince of Eulenburg and Hertefeld (1857–1921) in Liebenberg near Berlin. She was a granddaughter of Prussian diplomat Philip, Prince of Eulenburg through his youngest daughter Viktoria.
After her "abitur" at a girls' secondary school in Zurich and a stay in the United Kingdom, she was hired by the motion picture company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Berlin branch office as a press officer. She joined the Nazi Party in March 1933. In 1934, she became acquainted with Harro Schulze-Boysen, whom she married on July 16, 1936 in Liebenberg. Early in 1937, she left the Nazi Party.
In the period that followed, she wrote a play with Günther Weisenborn, “Die guten Feinde” (“The Good Enemies”). In 1940, she wrote film reviews for the "Essener Zeitung", while also gathering pictorial evidence of Nazi war crimes in the Reich Propaganda Ministry. She supported her husband in the quest for like-minded opponents of the Nazi régime.
Arrest and trial.
In late October 1941, she was visited by a Soviet military intelligence officer and put him in contact with her husband. The Gestapo discovered their Resistance group in summer 1942 and her husband was arrested on August 31, 1942. Schulze-Boysen warned friends and disposed of their own illegal documents, but was arrested anyway on September 8, 1942. While in prison, she wrote a number of remarkable letters and poems to her mother.
She and her husband were brought before the Reichskriegsgericht ("Reich Court Martial"), where they were charged. She was charged with "preparation" to commit high treason, helping the enemy and espionage. Her husband was charged with preparation to commit high treason, wartime treason, military sabotage and espionage. The trial ended on December 19, 1942 with death sentences for both her husband and her. Libertas Schulze-Boysen and her husband were executed on December 22, 1942, at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.
Legacy.
In the Berlin borough of Lichtenberg in 1972, a street was named after the Schulze-Boysens.
The full name of her niece, Rosita, Duchess of Marlborough (b. 1943), is Dagmar Rosita Astrid Libertas.
Her grandniece is Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="2872393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872393" title="Uptown Saturday Night">
Uptown Saturday Night

Uptown Saturday Night is a 1974 comedy film written by Richard Wesley, and directed by Sidney Poitier, who also stars in this film, along with Bill Cosby and Harry Belafonte. Cosby and Poitier teamed up again for "Let's Do It Again" (1975) and "A Piece of the Action" (1977). Although their characters have different names in each film, the three films are considered to be a trilogy. It opened to positive reviews and helped Poitier get into other films as star and director.
Synopsis.
Steve Jackson (Sidney Poitier), a blue-collar worker at a steel mill, has just begun a two-weeks-long vacation. He is convinced by his friend Wardell Franklin (Bill Cosby) to go to a party that Saturday night at Madam Zenobia's, an uptown nightclub.
While the two are at the party, the club is robbed. The masked bandits force the patrons to strip to their underwear, then steal their money and jewelery, including Steve's wallet.
The following day, Steve is at home and reading his newspaper when he learns he has won the lottery. However, he realizes that the lottery ticket was in the wallet that was stolen from him, and Steve and Wardell spend the remainder of the film tracking down his wallet by consulting with crooked politicians, fake detectives, con-artists, and underworld crime bosses. As the ad for the film states: "They get funny when you mess with their money".
Cast.
cameo appearances by:
Television pilot.
Shortly after the film's release, NBC commissioned a pilot for a sitcom version of "Uptown Saturday Night", starring Cleavon Little and Adam Wade, playing the respective roles played by Cosby and Poitier in the film. The pilot did not sell, though it was seen on NBC during the summer of 1979 as part of "Comedy Theater", one of many showcases featuring unsold pilots.
References in popular culture.
An episode of "Martin" spoofed the club/robbery scene at Madame Zenobia's. "Jerome" owns a club called "Club Shiznit" that Tommy and Cole go to visit one night. As armed masked women enter the club and rob everyone "down to the underwear," one of them overhear Cole murmur to Tommy about being relieved that they did not discover the diamond earrings he was holding for Martin (who had planned to surprise Gina with them upon their return from a trip). The masked woman motions to Cole to hand the earrings over; Tommy tells her to just shoot him for running his big mouth.
The rapper Nas referenced Madame Zenobia's in his 2006 track "Money Over Bullshit."
Macedonian house duo Latenta Project released their track "Only One Life" with Apollo Records in 2010 which includes vocal samples and references to Madame Zenobia's throughout the track, featuring remixes by Those Twins, Artette and Ocean Gaya.
The 1996 album "Uptown Saturday Night" by the rap duo Camp Lo was named after the movie, with one member (Geechie Suede) taking his stage name from the film.
Remake.
In 2002, it was announced that Will Smith and his production company, Overbrook Entertainment, had secured the rights to the trilogy for remakes to star Smith and to be distributed by Warner Bros. Smith stated that he hoped to get Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence and other famous African-American stars to be in the films. In 2012, it was revealed that Adam McKay will direct the remake of "Uptown Saturday Night", with Smith and Denzel Washington in the leads.

</doc>
<doc id="2872394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872394" title="Joshua Clayton">
Joshua Clayton

Dr. Joshua Clayton (July 20, 1744 – August 11, 1798) was an American physician and politician from Mt. Pleasant in Pencader Hundred, New Castle County, Delaware. He was an officer of the Continental Army in the American Revolution, and a member of the Federalist Party, who served in the Delaware General Assembly, as Governor of Delaware and as U.S. Senator from Delaware.
Early life and family.
Clayton was born near Wyoming, Delaware, son of John Clayton & Eleanor Edinfield. John Clayton was a miller and the grandson of another Joshua Clayton, a Quaker, who came from Lincolnshire, England in the late 17th century. The younger Joshua Clayton went to medical school at, what is now, the University of Pennsylvania from 1757 until 1762, and then began a medical practice in Middletown, Delaware. He became close friends with Richard Bassett, and in 1765, married his adopted daughter, Rachael McCleary.
Clayton acquired a portion of Richard Bassett's Bohemia Manor estate, and in 1773 built their home, "Locust Grove." It is now known as the "Dickey Farm," and is on the Choptank Road, two miles west of Mt. Pleasant in Pencader Hundred, to the northwest of Middletown. There they had three children who lived to adulthood, Richard, James Lawson and Thomas. Their religious affiliation is unclear, but they were almost certainly members of the Bethel Methodist Church by the time of their deaths.
Military and political career.
During the American Revolution, Clayton served in the Bohemia Manor militia, where he had been commissioned a major. He was also an aide and surgeon to General George Washington at the Battle of Brandywine and at Valley Forge.
Following this Clayton served in the House of Assembly in the 1778/79 session, and again from the 1780/81 session through the 1783/84 session. He was back again in the 1785/86 session, and the 1787/88 session. He was chosen President of Delaware by the Delaware General Assembly on May 30, 1789 and served as President until January 15, 1793. Under the provisions of the new Delaware Constitution of 1792 he became the first popularly elected Governor of Delaware and continued to serve in that capacity until his term ended, January 19, 1796.
This new state Constitution was the major political development of these years. With the new U.S. Constitution in place, it was necessary to revise the somewhat experimental Delaware Constitution of 1776. Under the initial leadership of John Dickinson, delegates provided for a real Governor, elected by popular vote and no longer sharing executive authority with the Privy Council. The other major change was to expand the voting franchise by eliminating the property ownership requirement.
Two years after his term ended, Clayton was chosen by the Delaware General Assembly to fill the vacant seat in the United States Senate caused by the resignation of U.S. Senator John M. Vining. He began his term January 19, 1798 and served until his death on August 11, 1798, while still in office. During this term, he served in the Federalist majority in the 5th Congress, during the administration of U.S. President John Adams.
A New State House.
During Clayton's tenure it was determined that a new courthouse was needed in Kent County. Since the General Assembly had moved from New Castle in 1777 it had shared the county courthouse with the county officials. They wished to continue to do so in the new building. The county commissioners responsible for erecting the building agreed, but asked for "an appropriation for the completion of the building." In response, on June 2, 1788, a committee of the General Assembly reported that "in their opinion such is the situation of the treasury, together with loud complaints of public creditors and their duty to constituents, that the prayer of the memorial cannot be complied with at this time." 
A few days later, though, "all moneys arising from marriage and tavern licenses were appropriated to completing the court-house," and "on July 29, 1791, a bill introduced by Kensey Johns was passed providing for a lottery to raise one thousand pounds for furnishing the court-house."
However, when the building was nearly complete and being occupied by the General Assembly...
The next day, the State House adopted the following resolution: 
"The State Senate failed to concur in the resolution, and pending further action the difficulty was reconciled, and beginning with the next session, November 1792, the General Assembly occupied the State-House, and have continued to the present time (1888)." 
Death and legacy.
Clayton died at Mt. Pleasant in New Castle County after being stricken with yellow fever while at the United States Congress in Philadelphia. He was first buried at the Locust Grove Cemetery in Pencader Hundred, New Castle County. Later his remains were moved into the Bethel Church Cemetery at Chesapeake City, Maryland. They were moved again to an unknown location in 1965 upon a widening of the nearby Chesapeake and Delaware Canal.
Clayton's son, Thomas Clayton was a U.S. Senator, and his nephew, John M. Clayton was also a U.S. Senator as well as U.S. Secretary of State. His great-grandson Henry Clayton built Woodside; listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Almanac.
Elections were held October 1 and members of the General Assembly took office on October 20 or the following weekday. State Assemblymen had a one-year term. The whole General Assembly chose the State President for a three-year term. The General Assembly also chose the U.S. Senators who took office March 4 for a six-year term. In this case he was completing the existing term, the vacancy caused by the resignation of John M. Vining.
Beginning in 1792 elections were held on the first Tuesday of October and members of the General Assembly took office on the first Tuesday of January. Also in 1792 the State Legislative Council was renamed the State Senate and the State House of Assembly became the State House of Representatives. The State President became the Governor and was popularly elected. He takes office the third Tuesday in January and had a three-year term. 

</doc>
<doc id="2872402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872402" title="Southern Islands">
Southern Islands

The Southern Islands are an urban planning area in the Central Region of Singapore, consisting of the eight major islands of Kusu Island, Lazarus Island, Pulau Seringat, Pulau Tekukor, Saint John's Island, Sentosa and the two Sisters' Islands. The islands encompass a total land area of about . The Sentosa Development Corporation oversees the development and maintenance of these offshore islands south of Singapore.
Development.
As part of the Singapore Tourism Board's (STB) plan to develop the other Southern Islands after Sentosa, land reclamation was started in 2000 to link Pulau Seringat and Lazarus Island. The reclamation created a sand bank between the two islands, forming a lagoon that has an unobstructed seaview.
Pulau Seringat, which is now part of the extended Lazarus Island, now has an 800-metre stretch of beach. Thousands of cubic metres of sand, checked for sandfly eggs, was imported from Indonesia to make the beach. 1,000 mature coconut trees were also planted to add to the island feel of the place.
A causeway connecting Lazarus Island and Saint John's Island was also built to make the three islands more accessible and help attract more visitors.
Previously a shoal that was barely visible at high tide, Kias is now an island that houses an electricity generator with enough capacity to support the other three islands.
The reclamation took six years to complete and cost S$60 million. Another S$120 million was spent to bring water, electricity, gas and telecommunication infrastructure from Sentosa to the islands. The submarine services link consists of a 1.2-kilometre trench holding utility lines that lie 17 metres underwater. It links Sentosa Cove to Kias Island, and is protected underneath 50,000 tonnes of rock. It holds two 12-inch (30 cm) gas pipelines, two 12-inch (30 cm) water pipelines, four 22 kV power cables and four 96 core fibre optic cables for telecommunications.
The entire project cost nearly S$300 million and took about 15 years of planning.
Plans.
In November 2006, the Singapore Tourism Board announced plans to develop the six islands off the southern tip of Sentosa into a tourist attraction. These islands include the Sisters' Island, Kusu Island, Lazarus Island and Saint John's Island, which draw at least 100,000 visitors a year. These are mainly pilgrims, campers, day-trippers and canoeists.
This, as STB's S$12 billion Sentosa master plan — which includes HarbourFront and the Southern Islands — is expected to be completed ahead of schedule in 2010. The STB intends to tap on the momentum of the Sentosa Integrated resort bid and extend investor interest to the islands nearby.
Over the years, there have been several suggestions on how to develop the islands, from turning them into a centre for water sports, to developing eco-tourism and promoting fishing. Even a retirement village was promoted. However, these plans did not materialise.
The STB reckoned that the time was ripe to attract investors to develop the islands, which lies about a 20-minute ferry ride from the Singapore Cruise Centre and 30 minutes from Marina South Pier.
Exploring the potential of developing land around the Marina Bay and Sentosa areas, the STB has concluded that enhancing the lush greenery and natural foliage of the Southern Islands will make them irresistible as a tourist destination. The Southern Islands currently has a Chinese temple, natural ecosystems and a resort-like atmosphere. Therefore, it is conceivable to turn some of them into a resort island, a cultural site or an interactive rainforest park.
There is also some potential for the Southern Islands to become a themed destination, mixing education and entertainment, that leverages on its natural resources. It has been said that the potential is similar to Italy's Isle of Capri, a marine village, or Dubai's The Palm islands, a development for the ultra-wealthy. However, it may be difficult to develop the islands as a mass tourist destination because they lack a land link to the main island. Instead, a plan is being considered to turn them into a getaway for the well-heeled who can afford the luxury and those who want to explore the rustic surroundings for the islands' flora and fauna, including 300 species of native wildlife.
With the completion of land reclamation works to link Pulau Seringat, Lazarus Island and Saint John's Island, the STB is setting its sights to develop the cluster by 2015, the year they plan to hit its target of 17 million annual visitors and S$30 billion in tourism receipts. The STB expects to announce details for the development of the Southern Islands and seek requests for concepts as early as March 2007.
However, in April 2007, STB announced that the plans for the Southern Islands have been put on hold. Industry sources said that the Government is considering housing a casino on the six-island cluster. STB met potential investors in January 2006 to gauge their interests and listen to ideas, but the results were apparently not very encouraging. To date, no decision has been made yet on the development concept, including whether a request for concepts exercise will be launched. It is the second time in three years that the authorities are rethinking plans for the Southern Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="2872403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872403" title="Eugenia Davitashvili">
Eugenia Davitashvili

Eugenia "Juna" Yuvashevna Davitashvili (Georgian:ევგენია "ჯუნა" დავითაშვილი)(b. 22 July 1949 in Urmia, Krasnodar Krai) is a Russian faith healer of Assyrian descent who claims the power to cure cancer, knit broken bodies, and prolong life beyond 100 years.
Politics.
In 1995, she participated in the Russian legislative election at the head of the Juna Davitashvili Bloc. Her 0.47% of votes were not enough to give her any seat in the State Duma.
Experiments.
In 1983 and 1984, Physicist and psi researcher, Russell Targ, his daughter Elisabeth Targ, and Keith Harary visited the Soviet Union as guests of the Soviet Academy of Sciences. In Moscow they were able to discuss remote viewing research with Russian scientists, visit with psychic and carry out some remote viewing experiments between Moscow and San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="2872414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872414" title="Ventimiglia (disambiguation)">
Ventimiglia (disambiguation)

Ventimiglia is a city in Liguria, Italy near the French border.
Ventimiglia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2872423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872423" title="Djuna">
Djuna

Djuna is the nom de plume of a South Korean science fiction writer and critic "who started publishing sci-fi short fiction and film reviews on the Internet in 1993 and steadily rose to prominence." Cho S ung-myeon, in a review of Korean SF, says " Perhaps the greatest impact on Korean science fiction in over 100 years would have been Djuna. With such works as Battle of the Butterflies (1997), Duty Free Zone (2000), and The Pacific Continental Express (2002), Korean science fiction gained traction as an important genre in literature. Djuna was, indeed, well-received both in and out of the literary world due to outstanding storytelling and a well thought out composition."

</doc>
<doc id="2872443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872443" title="United International Pictures">
United International Pictures

United International Pictures (or UIP) is a joint venture of Paramount Pictures (owned by Viacom) and Universal Studios (owned by NBCUniversal/Comcast), to distribute some of the two studios' films theatrically outside the United States (including territories), Canada, and the Anglophone Caribbean.
UIP also had international theatrical distribution rights to features by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios (which included Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists) when MGM was part of the venture. In 2000, as MGM left UIP, those rights were passed on to 20th Century Fox (owned by 21st Century Fox).
The company formerly distributed DreamWorks releases as well, now these are handled by Touchstone Pictures and Mister Smith Entertainment for live action films, and Fox for animated films from DreamWorks Animation (which was spun off from DreamWorks in 2004, as its own company).
Overview.
Cinema International Corporation.
Paramount's early history with MCA dates back to the 1950s, when part of its talent pool worked for Paramount Pictures, notably Alfred Hitchcock. In 1958, MCA purchased the pre-December 1949 Paramount sound feature film library. In 1962, MCA purchased Universal Studios. In 1966, Gulf+Western purchased Paramount.
In a cost-cutting move, in 1970, as a result of American anti-trust laws, and due to declining movie-going audiences, both Paramount and Universal, agreed to merge their international operations into a new company: Cinema International Corporation, registered in England and Wales. It even operated in Canada and the Caribbean before those territories were considered part of the "domestic" North American market.
In 1973, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer closed down its distribution offices and became a partner in CIC, which took over international distribution for MGM's films; however, United Artists took over the US, Canadian and Caribbean distribution for MGM's films that time. CIC also entered the home video market by forming CIC Video, which distributed Paramount and Universal titles on video worldwide. MGM however, had its own video unit, which later became a joint venture with CBS as MGM/CBS Home Video (later known as MGM/UA Home Video, which then became managed by Warner Home Video).
United International Pictures.
In 1981, MGM merged with United Artists, which had its own international distribution unit. CIC refused to let MGM drop out of the venture at the time, which led to the reorganization of the company as United International Pictures. MGM eventually left the venture in 2001, when it moved its international distribution to 20th Century Fox. The last MGM film to be released through UIP was "Hannibal".
In 1986, Ted Turner purchased MGM/UA, but later resold the company except for its film library, which included the pre-May 1986 MGM film library and the pre-1950 Warner Bros. film library (which was sold to Associated Artists Productions, sold in 1958 to United Artists). After that library was acquired by Turner, UIP (through MGM/UA) signed a deal to continue distributing the pre-May 1986 MGM film library for theatrical release.
CIC's name lived on in its video division, which became directly managed as a joint venture of Paramount Home Video and MCA Videocassette, Inc. (later MCA Home Video and MCA/Universal Home Video). CIC Video survived until the late 1990s/early 2000s, when Universal purchased PolyGram and reorganized its video division (which was a joint venture with what is now Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, and remains so to this day) under the Universal name, while Paramount took over full ownership of CIC Video and merged it under its own video division.
UIP also had a subscription television arm, UIP Pay TV, which distributed Paramount, MGM/UA, and Universal releases to pay TV broadcasters outside the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the Anglophone Caribbean. UIP Pay TV was broken up in 1997 after a 4-year investigation by the European Union, as it accused UIP as a cartel-like organisation. The pay TV rights for the films were eventually transferred to Paramount International Television (later renamed CBS Paramount International Television and currently known as CBS Studios International; today, the Paramount films are distributed by Trifecta Entertainment & Media), Universal Worldwide Television (currently known as NBCUniversal International Television Distribution) and MGM Worldwide Television.
2007 reorganization.
Starting in 2007, UIP considerably reduced its international operations. At least 15 "key countries" are now directly managed separately by Universal (taking over operations in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Russia, South Korea, Spain and Switzerland) and Paramount (taking over operations in Australia, Brazil, France, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand and the UK).
As Universal takes over the Korean division of UIP, CJ Entertainment became the new distributor for films by Paramount.
Though it was initially planned to be kept intact, UIP's Japanese operations ceased in late 2007; Paramount took its Japanese distribution operation in-house, and Universal Pictures Japan formed distribution alliances with Toho-Towa for theatrical distribution and Geneon Entertainment (now Geneon Universal Entertainment) for home entertainment distribution).
In 2002, Finland's UIP branch ceased operations. Its releases in that territory were later handled by Buena Vista International, then in 2006, distribution passed on to national cinema operator Finnkino.
Current organization.
The company is based in London, United Kingdom. As of 2010, UIP continues to directly distribute films in 19 countries: Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Denmark, Greece, Hungary, India, Israel, Malaysia, Norway, Panama, Peru, the Philippines (through Sony Pictures International), Poland, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, and Turkey. In addition, the company has distribution agreements with locally owned distribution companies in a further 43 countries. One such example is Bontonfilm in the Czech Republic, who distributed material from UIP in both the Czech and the Slovak markets.

</doc>
<doc id="2872452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872452" title="Lush Life (TV series)">
Lush Life (TV series)

Lush Life is an American sitcom that aired in September 1996 on Fox. The series stars Lori Petty and Karyn Parsons as roommates who shared a studio apartment for financial reasons.
Plot.
Petty stars as Georgette "George" Sanders, a Bohemian artist who was wild and uninhibited. Parsons played Margot Hines, a snooty, airheaded wanna-be businesswoman. The two would get into conflicts generally surrounding one of their crazy schemes. In one aired episode, George fakes her own death to draw attention and higher prices to her paintings. In another, Margot convinces some of George's gay male friends to pose as her boyfriend and frighten off a violent ex.
Cancellation.
The series aired in September 1996 on Fox. The ratings of the first episode were low, and it was canceled immediately after four episodes. Three other episodes were produced, but were never aired. It was the first new series of 1996 to be canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="2872456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872456" title="May Bumps">
May Bumps

The May Bumps (also May Races, Mays) are a set of rowing races, held annually on the River Cam in Cambridge. They began in 1887 after separating from the Lent Bumps, the equivalent bumping races held at the end of February or start of March. Prior to the separation there had been a single set of annual bumps dating from its inception in 1827. The races are open to all college boat clubs from the University of Cambridge, the University Medical and Veterinary Schools and Anglia Ruskin Boat Club. The May Bumps takes place over four days (Wednesday to Saturday) in mid-June and is run as a bumps race.
The most recent in the series was the May Bumps 2013, which ran from 12 June 2013 until 15 June 2013.
Structure of the May Bumps.
The races are run in divisions, each containing 17 crews. The number of crews in each bottom division varies yearly depending on new entrants. Each crew contains 8 rowers and one coxswain. A total of 172 crews took part in 2012, totalling around 1550 participants. There are currently 6 divisions for men's crews (referred to as M1, M2...M6) and 4 divisions for women's crews (similarly W1-W4). The divisions represent a total race order with Division 1 at the top. The ultimate aim is to try and finish "Head of the River" (also said as gaining the 'Headship'), i.e. 1st position in division 1. 
At the start, signalled by a cannon, each crew is separated by a distance of about 1½ boat lengths (approximately 30m or 90'). Once the race has begun, a crew must attempt to catch up with the crew ahead of it and "bump" (physically touch or overtake) it before the crew behind does the same to them. A crew which bumps or is bumped must pull to the side of the river to allow all the other crews to continue racing. If a crew is able to catch and bump the boat which started 3 places in front of it, after the two in front have already bumped out, the crew is said to have "over-bumped". A crew which neither bumps a crew ahead nor is bumped by a crew behind before crossing the finishing post is said to have "rowed over". 
After the race, any crew which bumps or over-bumps swaps places with the crew that it has bumped for the following day's racing. A crew which rows over stays in the same position. Crews finishing at the top of a division also :at the bottom of the next division, as the "sandwich boat", in an attempt to try to move up into the next division. The process is repeated over four days, allowing crews to move up or down several places in the overall order of boats. The finishing order of one year's May Bumps are then used as the starting order of the following year's races.
The Pegasus Cup.
The Pegasus Cup is a Cambridge rowing prize first awarded in 2006. It was donated by Milton Brewery and will be awarded annually to the most successful college boat club competing in the Cambridge May Bumping Races. The winner is decided by means of a points system, which is described in the Cambridge University Combined Boat Club handbook as follows:
To be eligible a club must have at least one men's and one women's boat (except in the case of single sex colleges where two boats of the same sex may be permitted).
2013 finishing positions (2014 starting positions).
Results:
Crews finishing Head of the River.
Men's May Bumps (1887-2013).
NB. May Bumps were cancelled between 1915 and 1918, and in 1940 due to war. Prior to 1946 were two separate rowing clubs: 1st Trinity and 3rd Trinity, hence both separate and combined titles.
Women's May Bumps (1974-2013).
NB. The Women's May Bumps were rowed in coxed-fours between 1974 and 1989, changing to coxed-eights from 1990 onwards. A new start order was used for the women's 1990 races.
Table of Winning Boats (1887-2014).
Sixteen boats have been head of the river.
NB. Prior to 1946 were two separate rowing clubs: 1st Trinity and 3rd Trinity, hence both separate and combined titles.
CCAT, Christ's, Clare Hall, Corpus Christi, Darwin, Girton, Homerton, Hughes Hall, King's, Magdalene, Peterhouse, Robinson, St. Catharine's, Selwyn, Sidney Sussex, St Edmund's, Wolfson, Addenbrooke's and the Veterinary School are the regular entrants never to have finished Head of the River for either the men's or women's events.

</doc>
<doc id="2872462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872462" title="Kaluzhskaya (Moscow Metro)">
Kaluzhskaya (Moscow Metro)

Kaluzhskaya () is a station on the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It opened on 12 August 1974, replacing a temporary station of the same name (located in the easternmost service bay of the nearby Kaluzhskoe Depot) that had been operating since 1964. The new station was built to the pillar-trispan design with tapered octagonal columns in place of the usual square pillars. Also the step of the columns was extended from 4 metres to 6.5, and the height of the ceiling raised. The columns are faced with pink Baikal marble, the walls are tiled with white ceramic and decorated with metallic artworks (works of A. Leonteva and M. Shmakova); the floor is laid with grey granite. The architects of the station were N. Demchinskiy and Yuliya Kolesnikova.
The entrances to the station are spread out along Profsoyuznaya street north of Obrucheva street as well as onto the Academic Keldysh square. Its daily passenger traffic is 62,300.

</doc>
<doc id="2872464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872464" title="Insert key">
Insert key

The Insert key (often abbreviated INS) is a key commonly found on computer keyboards.
It is primarily used to switch between the two text-entering modes on a personal computer (PC) or word processor. The first is overtype mode, in which the cursor, when typing, overwrites any text that is present in the current location. The other is insert mode, where the cursor inserts a character at its current position, forcing all characters past it one position further. The insert/overtype mode toggling is not global for the computer or even for a single application but rather local to the text input window in which the Insert key was pressed.
On early text-based computing environments and terminals, when the cursor was in overtype mode, it was represented as a block that surrounded the entire letter to be overstruck; when in insert mode, the cursor consisted of the vertical bar that is highly common among modern applications, or a blinking underline under the position where a new character would be inserted.
Overtype mode can also be referred to as overscript mode, and is sometimes erroneously referred to as overstrike mode, which is a typography term.
Notably, on some recent keyboards, the Insert key is completely absent (except on the numeric keypad), its space instead filled with a double-size Delete key.
Macintosh computers.
Since 2007, Apple Macintosh computers have replaced the insert key with a Fn key to allow for usage of the top row both as "media keys" and as traditional function keys. On latest systems, pressing this key twice will take voice dictation and insert it at the cursor.
From 1993 to 2007, the key was rebranded into a Help key. When pressed, the Help functionality of the application in use was launched. However, when using command line applications, it retained its original functionality for compatibility reasons.
Application usage.
Modern word processing applications operate in insert mode by default, but can still be switched to overtype mode by pressing the Insert key. However, the cursor generally does not change into the letter-surrounding box seen on old text-based systems. Instead, an "OVR" indicator on the status bar is highlighted. This is difficult to notice, so other text editors retain the original cursor change in addition to the indicator.
The Insert key, when pressed along with Control or Shift, can also be used to copy or paste in Microsoft Windows. This behavior comes from the Common User Access standard.
Screen readers use the insert key for hotkeys for reading text, speaking formatting information, or opening the screen reader's configuration menu or window.

</doc>
<doc id="2872472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872472" title="Costumbrismo">
Costumbrismo

Costumbrismo (sometimes anglicized as Costumbrism) is the literary or pictorial interpretation of local everyday life, mannerisms, and customs, primarily in the Hispanic scene, and particularly in the 19th century. "Costumbrismo" is related both to artistic realism and to Romanticism, sharing the Romantic interest in expression as against simple representation and the romantic "and" realist focus on precise representation of particular times and places, rather than of humanity in the abstract. It is often satiric and even moralizing, but unlike proper realism does not usually offer or even imply any particular analysis of the society it depicts. When not satiric, its approach to quaint folkloric detail often has a romanticizing aspect.
"Costumbrismo" can be found in any of the visual or literary arts; by extension, the term can also be applied to certain approaches to collecting folkloric objects, as well. Originally found in short essays and later in novels, "costumbrismo" is often found in the "zarzuelas" of the 19th century, especially in the "género chico". "Costumbrista" museums deal with folklore and local art and "costumbrista" festivals celebrate local customs and artisans and their work.
Although initially associated with Spain in the late 18th and 19th century, "costumbrismo" expanded to the Americas and set roots in the Spanish-speaking portions of the Americas, incorporating indigenous elements. Juan López Morillas summed up the appeal of "costumbrismo" for writing about Latin American society as follows: the "costumbristas'" "preoccupation with minute detail, local color, the picturesque, and their concern with matters of style is frequently no more than a subterfuge. Astonished by the contradictions observed around them, incapable of clearly understanding the tumult of the modern world, these writers sought refuge in the particular, the trivial or the ephemeral."
Literary "costumbrismo" in Spain.
Origins.
Antecedents to "costumbrismo" can be found as early as the 17th century (for example in the work of playwright Juan de Zabaleta) and the current becomes clearer in the 18th century (Diego de Torres Villarroel, José Clavijo y Fajardo, José Cadalso, Ramón de la Cruz, Juan Ignacio González del Castillo). All of these writers have, in at least some of their work, an attention to specific, local detail, an exaltation of the "typical" that would feed into both "costumbrismo" and Romanticism. In the 19th century "costumbrismo" bursts out as a clear genre in its own right, addressing a broad audience: stories and illustrations often made their first or most important appearance in cheap periodicals for the general public. It is not easy to draw lines around the genre: Evaristo Correa Calderón spoke of its "extraordinary elasticity and variety". Some of it is almost reportorial and documentary, some simply folkloric; what it has in common is the effort to capture a particular place (whether rural or urban) at a particular time.
Sebastián de Miñano y Bedoya (1779–1845) is considered by some a "costumbrista", although arguably his writing is too political to properly fit the genre. According to Andrés Soria, the first incontestable "costumbristas" are the anonymous and pseudonymous contributors to "La Minerva" (1817), "El Correo Literario y Mercantil" (1823–1833) and "El Censor" (1820–1823). Later come the major figures of literary "costumbrismo": Serafín Estébanez Calderón (1799–1867), Ramón de Mesonero Romanos (1803–1882), and Mariano José de Larra (1809–1837) who sometimes wrote under the pseudonym "Fígaro". Estébanez Calderón (who originally wrote for the abovementioned "Correo Literario y Mercantil") looked for a "genuine" and picturesque Spain in the recent past of particular regions; Mesonero Romanos was a careful observer of the Madrid of his time, especially of the middle classes; Larra, according to José Ramón Lomba Pedraja, arguably transcended his genre, using the form of "costumbrismo" for political and psychological ideas. An "afrancesado"—a liberal child of the Enlightenment—he was not particularly enamored of the Spanish society that he nonetheless observed minutely.
"Costumbrismo" was by no means without foreign influences. The work of Joseph Addison and Richard Steele nearly a century earlier in "The Spectator" had influenced French writers, who in turn influenced the "costumbristas". Furthermore, Addison and Steele's own work was translated into Spanish in the early 19th century, and Mesonero Romanos, at least, had read it in French. Still, an even stronger influence came by way of Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy (whose work appeared in translation in "La Minerva" and "El Censor"), Louis-Sébastien Mercier (especially for "Le Tableau de Paris", 1781–1788), Charles Joseph Colnet Du Ravel, and Georges Touchard-Lafosse. In addition, there were the travelogues such as Richard Ford's "A Handbook for Travellers in Spain", written by various foreigners who had visited Spain and, in painting, the foreign artists (especially, David Roberts) who had settled for a time especially in Seville and Granada and drew or painted local subjects.
While Estébanez Calderón, Mesonero Romanos, and (insofar as he fits the genre) Larra were the major "costumbrista" writers, many other Spanish writers of the 19th century devoted all or part of their careers to "costumbrismo". Antonio María Segovia (1808–1874), who mainly wrote pseudonymously as "El Estudiante" and who founded the satiric-literary magazine "El Cócora"; his collaborator Santos López Pelegrín (1801–1846), "Abenámar"; many early contributors to Madrid's "Semanario Pintoresco Español" (1836-1857), Spain's first illustrated magazine; and such lesser lights as Antonio Neira de Mosquera (1818–1853), "El Doctor Malatesta" ("Las ferias de Madrid", 1845); Clemente Díaz, with whom "costumbrismo" took a turn toward the rural; Vicente de la Fuente (1817–1889), portraying the lives of bookish students (in between writing serious histories); José Giménez Serrano, portraying a romantic Andalusia; Enrique Gil y Carrasco, a Carlist from Villafranca del Bierzo, friend of Alexander von Humboldt, and contributor to the "Semanario Pintoresco Español"; and many other regionalists around Spain.
"The Spanish Drawn By Themselves".
Much as literary "costumbrismo" had been influenced by English models, often by way of France, the same occurred with the equivalent in the visual arts, but with far more recent models. In a period when physiognomy was in vogue, "Heads of the People or Portraits of the English" was serialized in London starting in 1838 and was published in its entirety in 1840–1841. It combined essays such "distinguished writers" (the volume's own choice of words) as William Makepeace Thackeray and Leigh Hunt with pictures of individuals emblematic of different English "types". This was followed in France by a work first serialized as "Les Français, Moeurs Contemporaines" ("The French, Contemporary Manners", beginning in 1839) and published in a volume in 1842 as "Les Français peints par eux-mêmes. Encyclopédie Morale du dixneuviéme siécle" ("The French, drawn by themselves. Moral Encyclopedia of the 19th Century"). The Spanish soon followed with "Los españoles pintados por sí mismos" ("The Spanish Drawn By Themselves") serialized from 1842 and published in a volume in 1843.
A collective and hence, necessarily, uneven anthology of "types", "Los españoles…" was a mixture of verse and prose, and of writers and artists from various generations. Illustrators included Leonardo Alenza (1807–1845), Fernando Miranda, Francisco Lameyer (1825–1877), Vicente Urrabieta y Ortiz, and Calixto Ortega. The writers included Mesonero and Estébanez as well as various less "costumbrista" writers and many not usually associated with the genre, such as Gabriel García Tassara (1817–1875) or the conservative politician Francisco Navarro Villoslada (1818–1895). Andrés Soria remarks that, except for the Andalusian "types", everything was from the point of view of Madrid. Unlike later "costumbrismo", the focus remained firmly on the present day. In some ways, the omissions are as interesting as the inclusions: no direct representation of the aristocracy, of prominent businessmen, of the high clergy, or of the army, and except for the "popular" classes, the writing is a bit circumspect and cautious. Still, the material is strong on ethnological, folkloric, and linguistic detail.
In an epilogue to "Los españoles…", "Contrastes. Tipos perdidos, 1825, Tipos hallados, 1845" ("Contrasts. Types lost, 1825, types found, 1845"), Mesonero on the one hand showed that the genre, in its original terms, was played out, and on the other laid the ground for future "costumbrismo": new "types" would always arise, and many places remained to be written about in this fashion. The book had many descendants, and a major reissue in 1871. A particularly strong current came out of Barcelona: for example, José M. de Freixas's "Enciclopedia de tipos vulgares y costumbres de Barcelona" ("Encyclopedia of vulgar types and customs of Barcelona", 1844) illustrated by Servat, and "El libro Verde de Barcelona" ("The Green Book of Barcelona", 1848) by "José y Juan" (José de Majarrés and Juan Cortada y Sala. The very title of "Los valencianos pintados por sí mismos" (Valencia 1859) gave a nod of the hat to the earlier work,
A revival of collective works of "costumbrismo" in the time of the First Spanish Republic saw the reissue of "Los españoles…" (1872), as well as the publication of "Los españoles de hogaño" ("The Spanish these days", 1872), focused on Madrid, and the vast undertaking "Las mujeres españolas, portuguesas y americanas…" ("Spanish, Portuguese, and American Women…", published in Madrid, Havana, and Buenos Aires in 1872–1873 and 1876). Also from this time was the satiric "Madrid por dentro y por fuera" ("Madrid from inside and outside, 1873) by Manuel del Palacio (1831–1906).
Carlos Frontaura carried on "costumbrismo" in Madrid with "Las tiendas" ("Shops", 1886) and "Tipos madrileños" ("Madrid types", 1888). Ramón de Navarrete (1822–1897) writing variously as or "Asmodeo" (after Asmodeus, king of the demons), broke with the history of the genre by writing of the upper classes in Madrid during the Restoration, as in his "Sueños y realidades ("Dreams and realities", 1878). Enrique Sepúlveda wrote about both Madrid and Barcelona, Narcís Oller (1846–1930) about Barcelona, and Sabino de Goicoechea (1826–1901), known as "Argos", about the Basque Country. Galicia was represented by the collective work "El álbum de Galicia. Tipos, costumbres y leyendas" ("The album of Galicia. Types, customs and legends", 1897).
"Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow".
Poet, journalist and pamphleteer Antonio Flores (1821–1865), one of the contributors to "Los españoles…" followed up in 1846 with "Doce españoles de brocha gorda, que no pudiéndose pintar a sí mismos, me han encargado a mí, Antonio Flores, sus retratos" ("Twelve Spaniards with a broad brush, who not being able to portray themselves have put me, Antonio Flores, in charge of their portraits"), subtitled a "novel of popular customs" (""novela de costumbres populares""). Published in 1846 and reissued several times, the book merged the hitherto more essayistic "costumbrista" form with aspects of the novel (although not a particularly tightly plotted novel). Somewhat more novelistic was his "Fe, Esperanza y Caridad" ("Faith Hope and Charity"), published serially in "La Nación" in 1850–1851 and also much reprinted. Flores had been Eugène Sue's translator into Spanish, and Sue's influence is strong in this work. Flores turned to again to "custumbrismo", of a sort, in 1853 with "Ayer, hoy y mañana o la fe, el vapor y la electricidad (cuadros sociales de 1800, 1850 y 1899)" ("Yesterday, today and tomorrow or faith, steam and electricity (social pictures of 1800, 1850, and 1899)") going Mesonero's "types lost" and "types found" one better by projecting a vision of the future influenced by the work of Émile Souvestre. His newspaper "El Laberinto" continued publishing his "costumbrista" work even posthumously, such as "Tipos y costumbres españolas" (1877).
Eugenio de Ochoa (1815–1872) carried "costumbrismo" in a different direction. Born in the Basque country and moving often between Spain and France, his 1860 book "Museo de las familias. París, Londres y Madrid" ("Museum of families. Paris, London, Madrid") created a sort of cosmopolitan "costumbrismo".
"Costumbrismo" by major Spanish realists.
Many of the great Spanish realist writers of the 19th century worked at times in the "costumbrista" mode, especially at the start of their careers. Fernán Caballero (pen name of  Cecilia Francisca Josefa Böhl de Faber) (1796–1877), for example, in the prose portions of her "Cuentos y poesías populares andaluzas" ("Popular Andalusian stories and poems", collected in 1859 from prior publication in magazines), writes within the genre, particularly in "Una paz hecha sin preliminares, sin coferencias y sin notas diplomáticas" ("A peace made without preliminaries, without conferences, and without diplomatic notes"), with its very specific setting in Chiclana de la Frontera. Pedro Antonio de Alarcón (1833–1891) issued a collection "Cosas que fueron", bringing together 16 "costumbrista" articles.
Andrés Soria sees José María de Pereda (1833–1906) as the most successful fusion of "costumbrista" scenes into proper novels, especially his portrayals of "La Montaña", the mountainous regions of Cantabria. His "Escenas montañesas" (1864) is particularly in the "costumbrista" mode, with its mixture of urban, rural and seafaring scenes, and sections offering sketches of various milieus. Poet and novelist Antonio de Trueba (1819 or 1821–1889) wrote squarely within the genre with "Madrid por fuera" and "De flor en flor". Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer (1836–1870) portrayed Madrid, Seville, and Toledo. José María Gabriel y Galán (1870–1905), best known as a poet, also wrote "costumbrista" pieces about Salamanca. Armando Palacio Valdés (1853–1938) also essayed the genre in newspaper articles, collected in "Aguas fuertes" ("Strong waters", 1884). The writer and diplomat Ángel Ganivet (1865–1898), seen by some as a precursor to the Generation of '98, wrote "costumbrista" scenes of Granada.
Elements of "costumbrismo", or even entire works in the genre, can be found among major Spanish writers of the 20th century, though to a lesser extent. Miguel de Unamuno (1864–1936) worked in the genre for "De mi país" ("Of my country", 1903) and some stories such as "Solitaña" in of "El espejo de la muerte" ("The Mirror of Death", 1913), as did Pío Baroja with "Vitrina pintoresca" ("Picturesque showcase", 1935) and in passages of his novels set in the Basque Country. Azorín (José Augusto Trinidad Martínez Ruíz, 1873–1967) often wrote in this genre; one could comb the works of Ramón Gómez de la Serna (1888–1963) and Camilo José Cela (1916–2002) and find many passages that could come straight from a work of "costumbrismo". Although taken as a whole these writers are clearly not "costumbristas", they use the "costumbrista" style to evoke surviving remnants of Spain's past.
20th century literary "costumbrismo" in Spain.
The tradition of "costumbrismo" in Spain by no means ended at the turn of the century, but it simply did not play as important a role in 20th-century Spanish literature as it did in the century before. As noted above, several of the most important 20th-century Spanish writers at least dabbled in, or were influenced by, the genre. When we go beyond the first string of writers, we see more of a continuation of "costumbrismo".
In the course of the century, more and more Spanish regions asserted their particularity, allowing this now established technique of writing to be given new scope. In other regions—Madrid, Andalusia—"costumbrismo" itself had become part of the region's identity. The magazine "España", founded 1915, wrote about some new "types": the indolent "golfo"; the lower class "señorito chulo" with his airs and exaggerated fashions; the "albañil" or construction worker, but with far less sympathy than "costumbristas" in the previous century had portrayed their predecessors. Other "types" were those who were a caricature of times past: "el erudito", with his vast but pointless book-learning, or "El poeta de juegos florales" ("the poet of floral games").
Andrés Soria describes 20th century regional "costumbrismo" as more serious, less picturesque, and more poetic than in the 19th century. Among his many examples of the 20th century continuation of "costumbrismo" are Santiago Rusiñol (1861–1931), writing in Catalan about Catalonia and Mallorca; numerous chroniclers of the Basque Country: José María Salaverría (1873–1940), Ricardo Baroja (1871–1953), Dionisio de Azkue ("Dunixi"), José María Iribarren (1906–1971), and, as mentioned above, Pío Baroja; Vicente Blasco Ibáñez (1867–1928) writing about Valencia; and Vicente Medina Tomás (1866–1937), writing about Murcia.
A strong current of "costumbrismo" continued in 20th-century Madrid, including in poetry (Antonio Casero, 1874–1936) and theater (José López Silva, 1860–1925; Carlos Arniches Barreda, 1866–1943). Other writers who continued the tradition were Eusebio Blasco (1844–1903), Pedro de Répide (1882–1947), Emiliano Ramírez Ángel (1883–1928), Luis Bello (1872–1935), and Federico Carlos Sainz de Robles (1899–1983). Similarly, 20th century Andalusia saw work by José Nogales (1860?–1908), Salvador Rueda (1857–1933), Arturo Reyes (1864–1913), José Mas y Laglera (1885–1940), Ángel Cruz Rueda (1888–1961), and Antonio Alcalá Venceslada (1883–1955).
"Costumbrismo" in the visual arts in Spain.
As in literary "costumbrismo", Madrid and Andalusia (particularly Seville) were Spain's two great centers of "costumbrismo" in the visual arts. Andalusian "costumbrista" paintings were mainly romantic and folkloric, largely devoid of social criticism. Much of their market was to foreigners for whom Andalusia epitomized their vision of a Spain distinct from the rest of Europe. The "costumbrista" artists of Madrid were more acerbic, sometimes even vulgar, in portraying the life of lower class Madrid. More of their market was domestic, including to the often snobbish (and often Europeanizing and liberal) elite of the capital. Among other things, the School of Madrid often used large masses of solid color and painted with a broad brush, while the School of Seville painted more delicately. The Madrid paintings have a certain urgency, while the Seville paintings are typically serene, even misty. The Madrid painters focus more on unique individuals, the Sevillianos on individuals as representatives of a type.
Romantic Andalusian "costumbrismo" ("costumbrismo andaluz") follows in the footsteps of two painters of the School of Cádiz, Juan Rodríguez y Jiménez, "el Panadero" ("the Baker", 1765–1830) and Joaquín Manuel Fernández Cruzado (1781–1856), both associated with Romanticism. The trend was continued by the School of Seville, in a city much more on the path of a foreign clientele. The founding figure was José Domínguez Bécquer (1805–1841), father of the poet Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer (see above) and painter Valeriano Bécquer (1833–1870), who moved to Madrid. Domínguez Bécquer's influence came as an art teacher, as well as an artist. His student and cousin Joaquín Domínguez Bécquer (1817–1879) was known for his acute observation of light and atmosphere. Another of José Domínguez Bécquer's students, the bold and forceful Manuel Rodríguez de Guzmán (1818–1867), may have been the genre's strongest painter.
Other important early figures were Antonio Cabral Bejarano (1788–1861), best known for paintings of individuals theatrically posed against rural backgrounds, and an atmosphere reminiscent of Murillo, and José Roldán (1808–1871), also very influenced by Murillo, known especially as a painter of children and urchins. One of Cabral Bejarano's sons, Manuel Cabral Bejarano (1827–1891) began as a "costumbrista", but eventually became more of a realist. Another son, Francisco Cabral Bejarano (1824–1890), also painted in the genre.
Other painters of the School of Seville were Andrés Cortés (1810–1879), Rafael García Hispaleto (1833–1854), Francisco Ramos, and Joaquín Díez; history painter José María Rodríguez de Losada (1826–1896); and portraitist José María Romero (1815–1880).
Typical subject matter included "majos" (lower class dandies) and their female equivalents, horsemen, bandits and smugglers, street urchins and beggars, Gypsies, traditional architecture, fiestas, and religious processions such as Holy Week in Seville.
The School of Madrid was united less by a common visual style than by an attitude, and by the influence of Goya rather than Murillo. Notable in this school were Alenza and Lameyer, both contributors to "Los españoles pintados por sí mismos". Alenza, in particular, showed a strong influence from the Flemish painters as well as from Goya. A fine portraitist who tended to take his subjects from among the common people, in some ways he epitomizes the difference between the School of Madrid and that of Seville. For him the "official" Romanticism was a topic to satirize, as in his series of paintings "Suicidios románticos" ("Romantic suicides").
Probably foremost in the School of Madrid was Eugenio Lucas Velázquez (1817–1870). An artistic successor to Goya (though a more erratic painter than the master), Lucas Velázquez's work ranged from bullfighting scenes to Orientalism to scenes of witchcraft. His son Eugenio Lucas Villamil (1858–1918) and his students Paulino de la Linde (1837-?) and José Martínez Victoria followed in his tracks; he was also a strong influence on Antonio Pérez Rubio (1822–1888) and Ángel Lizcano Monedero (1846–1929).
José Elbo (1804–1844) was at least strongly akin to the School of Madrid. Although born in Úbeda in the Andalusian province of Jaén, Elbo studied painting in Madrid under José Aparicio (1773–1838), and was influenced by Goya; he was also influenced by the Central European equivalents of "costumbrismo". His painting is rife with social criticism, and often angrily populist.
Also in Madrid, but not really part of the School of Madrid, was Valeriano Bécquer (transplanted son of José Domínguez Bécquer). Although also influenced by Goya (and by Diego Velázquez), his work in Madrid did partake of some of the socially critical aspects of the other painters of that city, but not of the satiric aspects: his portraits of common people emphasize their dignity, seldom their foibles.
The dark vision of 20th-century Madrid painter José Gutiérrez Solana (1886–1945) was influenced by "costumbrismo" and also directly by the Black Paintings of Goya that had so influenced the "costumbristas".
Literary "costumbrismo" in the Americas.
Argentina.
Some of Argentina's most distinguished writers worked in the "costumbrista" genre in at least some of their writing, though few worked narrowly within the genre. Esteban Echeverría (1805–1851) was a politically passionate Romantic writer whose work has strong "costumbrista" aspects; his "El Matadero" ("The Slaughterhouse") is still widely read. Juan Bautista Alberdi (1810–1884) and Domingo Faustino Sarmiento (1811–1888) both wrote at times in the genre, as did José Antonio Wilde (1813–1883), in "Buenos Aires desde setenta años atrás" ("Buenos Aires from seventy years ago"); Vicente G. Quesada (1830–1913), in "Recuerdos de un viejo" ("Memories of an old man"); Lucio V. López (1848–1894), in the novela "La gran aldea" ("The big village"); Martín Coronado (1850–1919), playwright; Martiniano Leguizamón (1858–1935), in the novel "Montaraz"; José S. Alvarez (1858–1903, "Fray Mocho"), in the story "Viaje al país de los matreros" ("A trip to bandit country"); Emma de la Barra (1861–1947), who wrote under the pseudonym César Duayen, in "Stella"; Joaquín V. González (1863–1923), in "Mis montañas" ("My Mountains"); Julio Sánchez Gardel (1879–1937), in numerous comedies; and Manuel Gálvez (1882–1962), in such novels as "La maestra normal" ("The normal school teacher") and "La sombra del convento" ("The sleep of the convent").
Bolivia.
Bolivian "costumbristas" include Julio Lucas Jaimes (1845–1914), Lindaura Anzoátegui de Campero (1846–1898), Jaime Mendoza (1874–1938), Alcides Arguedas (1879–1946), and Armando Chirveches (1881–1926).
Central America.
Guatemalan novelist and historian José Milla (1822–1882) wrote several "costumbrista" works and created the character of "Juan Chapín", the emblematic Guatemalan. Other Central American "costumbristas" are José María Peralta Lagos (1875–1944, El Salvador), Ramón Rosa (1848–1893, Honduras), Carlos Alberto Uclés (1854–1942, Honduras), and a distinguished line of Costa Rican writers: Manuel de Jesús Jiménez (1854–1916), Manuel González Zeledón (1864–1936), the verse writer Aquileo Echeverría (1866–1909), and, in the 20th century, Joaquín García Monge (1881–1958).
Chile.
"Costumbrismo" enters Chilean literature in some of the writing of José Zapiola (1804–1885), Vicente Pérez Rosales (1807–1886), Román Fritis (1829–1874), Pedro Ruiz Aldea (ca. 1833–1870) and especially José Joaquín Vallejo (1811–1858), who under the name "Jotabeche" was the supreme Chilean "costumbrista".
Strong aspects of "costumbrismo" can be seen in the novels and other works of Alberto Blest Gana (1830–1920). There are many "costumbrista" passages in the works of Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna (1831–1886) and Daniel Barros Grez(1833–1904); Román Vial (1833–1896) entitled one of his books "Costumbres chilenas"; Zorobabel Rodríguez (1839–1901), Moisés Vargas (1843–1898), Arturo Givovich (1855–1905), Daniel Riquelme (1854–1912), Senén Palacios (1858–1927), Egidio Poblete (1868–1940) all wrote in the mode at times. "Costumbrismo" figures particularly heavily in stage comedies: "El patio de los Tribunales" ("The courtyard of the tribunals justice", by Valentín Murillo (1841–1896); "Don Lucas Gómez", by Mateo Martínez Quevedo (1848–1923); "Chincol en sartén" ("A sparrow in the pan") and "En la puerta del horno" ("In the gate of horn"), by Antonio Espiñeira (1855–1907); "La canción rota" ("The broken song"), by Antonio Acevedo Hernández (1886–1962); "Pueblecito" ("Little town") by Armando Moock (1894–1942). In prose, "costumbrismo" mixes eventually into realism, with Manuel J. Ortiz (1870–1945) and Joaquín Díaz García (1877–1921) as important realists with "costumbrista" aspects.
Colombia.
Colombia can claim one of the earliest antecedents to the "costumbrismo" in "El Carnero" (written 1636–1638, but not published until 1859) by Juan Rodríguez Freile (1566–1638 or 1640), Rodríguez's work begins as a chronicle of the conquest of New Granada, but as it approaches his own time it becomes more and more detailed and quotidian, and its second half is a series of narratives that, according to Stephen M. Hart, give "lip service" to conventional morality while taking "a keen delight in recounting the various skullduggeries of witches, rogues, murderers, whores, outlaws, priests and judges."
Colombia can also claim a particularly rich tradition of "costumbrismo" in the 19th century and into the 20th: José Manuel Groot (1800–1878); novelists Eugenio Díaz (1803–1865), José Manuel Marroquín (1827–1908), and José María Vergara y Vergara (1831–1872), all of whom collaborated on the magazine "El Mosaico, la revista bogotana del costumbrismo" (1858–1871); Luis Segundo Silvestre (1838–1887); and Jorge Isaacs (1837–1895), whose sole novel "María" was praised by Alfonso M. Escudero as the greatest Spanish-language romantic novel.
Other Colombian "costumbristas" are José Caycedo Rojas (1816–1897), Juan de Dios Restrepo (1823–1894), Gregorio Gutiérrez González (1826–1872), Ricardo Carrasquilla (1827–1886), Camilo A. Echeverri (1827–1887), Manuel Pombo (1827–1898), José David Guarín (1830–1890), Ricardo Silva (1836–1887), José María Cordovez Moure (1835–1918), Rafael María Camargo (1858–1926; wrote under the pseudonym Fermín de Pimentel y Vargas), and Tomás Carrasquilla (1858–1940).
Cuba.
Cuba's leading "costumbristas" were Gaspar Betancourt Cisneros (1803–1866, known as "El Lugareño"), Cirilo Villaverde (1812–1894), and José María de Cárdenas y Rodríguez (1812–1882). The patrician Betancourt published a series of "Escenas cotidianas que abren camino al costumbrismo en Cuba" ("Day-to-day scenes that open a road to "costumbrismo" in Cuba, 1838–1840). His work focused often on what he found vulgar or ridiculous about Cuban life, but was written with a fatherly affection. Villaverde, probably Cuba's greatest "costumbrista", wrote romantic novels, most notably "Cecilia Valdés" (the first part of which was published in 1839, although the definitive version was not published until 1882). This "costumbrista" anti-slavery novel can be seen as an early realist work, and continues to be read in recent times. Villaverde also wrote the prologue for Cárdenas's 1847 collection of "costumbrista"articles.
José Victoriano Betancourt (1813–1875) was patron to many intellectuals in 1860s Havana; he later went into exile in Mexico. He is best remembered today as a "costumbrista" writer, as is another Betancourt, José Ramón Betancourt (1823–1890), author of "Una feria de caridad en 183…" (ellipses in original title), set in Camagüey in the late 1830s.
Dominican Republic.
In the Dominican Republic, Francisco Gregorio Billini (1844–1894) stands out for his novel "Baní o Engracia y Antoñita" (1892). Still, in some ways, his vision was narrow. J. Alcántara Almánzar remarks that "black people are practically absent as important characters, and this absence is very significant in a country whose majority is 'mulatto'." Blacks are more present in the "costumbrista" works of Cesar Nicolas Penson (1855–1901), but he is far more sympathetic to his white characters, portraying Haitians as fierce beasts.
Ecuador.
Ecuadorians who wrote at least part of the time in the "costumbrista" mode include Pedro Fermín Cevallos (1812–1893), Juan León Mera (1832–1894), José Modesto Espinosa (1833–1915), Carlos R. Tobar (1854–1920), Honorato Vázquez (1855–1933), Víctor M. Rendón (1859–1940), J. Trajano Mera (1862–1919), and Luis A. Martínez (1868–1909). Another Ecuadorian was Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno (1859–1951), a novelist and later president of the country.
Mexico.
Mexican "costumbrismo" can claim one of the longest lineages to be found in the Americas. In the same era in which the genre was gaining an identity in Spain, José Joaquín Fernández de Lizardi (1776–1827) Mexico's first novelist (and perhaps Latin America's first novelist) wrote works that had many similar aspects, including "Periquillo Sarniento" (1816), recently translated into English as "The Mangy Parrot". Other Mexican "costumbristas" are Guillermo Prieto (1818–1897) and José Tomás de Cuéllar (1830–1894). In addition, José López Portillo y Rojas (1850–1923), Rafael Delgado (1853–1914), Ángel del Campo (1868–1908) and Emilio Rabasa (1856–1930) can be seen as "costumbristas", but their work can also be considered realist.
Paraguay.
Paraguayan "costumbristas" include Teresa Lamas Carísimo de Rodríguez Alcalá (1887–1976) and Carlos Zubizarreta (1904–1972).
Peru.
Peruvian "costumbrismo" begins with José Joaquín de Larriva y Ruiz (1780–1832), poeta and journalist and his younger, irreverent, Madrid-educated collaborator Felipe Pardo y Aliaga (1806–1868). A more festive and comic note was struck by Manuel Ascensio Segura (1805–1871). Manuel Atanasio Fuentes (1820–29) wrote verse under the name "El Murciélago" ("the Bat"), a name which he also gave to a magazine he founded.
Ricardo Palma (1833–1919), best known for the multi-volume "Tradiciones peruanas", was a man of letters, a former liberal politician and later the director of the National Library of Peru, who rebuilt the collection of that library after the War of the Pacific. He referred to his works in this mode as "tradiciones", rather than "costumbrismo".
Other Peruvian "costumbristas" are satirist and verse writer Pedro Paz Soldán y Unanue (1839–1895), Abelardo M. Gamarra (1850–1924), and the nostalgic José Gálvez (1885–1957).
Puerto Rico.
In Puerto Rico, Manuel A. Alonso (1822–1889) published "El gibaro: cuadro de costumbres de la isla de Puerto Rico" (The "Jíbaro" spelling: picture of customs of the island of Puerto Rico", 1849), Puerto Rico's most important contribution to the genre. Manuel Fernández Juncos (1846–1928), born in Asturias, Spain, emigrated at age eleven to the island and wrote "Tipos y caracteres y Costumbres y tradiciones" ("Types and characters and customs and traditions").
Uruguay.
Prominent Uruguayan "costumbristas" include Santiago Maciel (1862–1931), Manuel Bernárdez (1867–1942), Javier de Viana (1868–1926), Adolfo Montiel Ballesteros (1888–1971), and Fernán Silva Valdés (1887–1975). Most of these writers also did significant work outside of the genre.
Venezuela.
Venezuelan "costumbristas" include Fermín Toro (c.1807–1865), Daniel Mendoza (1823–1867), Francisco de Sales Pérez (1836–1926), Nicanor Bolet Peraza (1838–1906), Francisco Tosta García (1845–1921), José María Rivas (1850–1920), Rafael Bolívar Alvarez (1860–1900), and Pedro Emilio Coll (1872–1947).

</doc>
<doc id="2872480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872480" title="Dihydrouridine">
Dihydrouridine

Dihydrouridine (abbreviated as D, DHU, or UH2) is a pyrimidine which is the result of adding two hydrogen atoms to a uridine, making it a fully saturated pyrimidine ring with no remaining double bonds. D is found in tRNA and rRNA molecules as a nucleoside; the corresponding nucleobase is 5,6-dihydrouracil.
Because it is non-planar, D disturbs the stacking interactions in helices and destabilizes the RNA structure. D also stabilizes the C2’-"endo" sugar conformation, which is more flexible than the C3’-"endo" conformation, and this effect is propagated to the 5’-neighboring residue. Thus, while pseudouridine and 2’-O-methylations stabilize the local RNA structure, D does the opposite.
tRNA of organisms that grow at low temperatures (psychrophiles) have high 5,6-dihydrouridine levels (40-70% more on average) which provides the necessary, local, flexibility of the tRNA at or below the freezing point.

</doc>
<doc id="2872485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872485" title="USS Tacoma">
USS Tacoma

USS "Tacoma" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2872487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872487" title="Elasti-Girl">
Elasti-Girl

Elasti-Girl is a fictional character, a superheroine of the DC Comics universe and a member of the Doom Patrol. The character was ranked 88th in "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Fictional character biography.
Rita Farr is an Olympic swimming gold medalist turned Hollywood actress who is exposed to unusual volcanic gases while shooting a film in Africa. When Farr recovers, she discovers that she can expand or shrink her body at will — from hundreds of feet tall to mere inches in height. When she gains greater control of her powers, she discovers that she can enlarge one limb at a time.
Although not physically disfigured, Rita initially has no control over her size changes, is considered a freak and a menace, and becomes a recluse, leaving her Hollywood career in ruins. However, Rita is approached by Dr. Niles Caulder (also known as The Chief) who offers her a place among fellow "freaks" attempting to use their powers for good. As Elasti-Girl, she joins Caulder's team, the Doom Patrol. Rita falls in love with, and marries, Steve Dayton, the hero Mento. Later on, the couple adopts young Gar Logan, who would become the Teen Titans' Beast Boy.
In the "JLA: Year One" storyline, the Martian Manhunter tells Rita that he was something of a fan of her "chiller pictures" and that he was disappointed that she did not continue making films. Flattered, she kisses him on the cheek and later tells him that she has met "Alien" actress Sigourney Weaver and that she is sure he would approve of her. 
Tragedy strikes when the Doom Patrol's enemies, the Brotherhood of Evil, threaten a small New England fishing village. The Patrol members elect to sacrifice themselves to save the innocents, and are killed in an explosion. It is later revealed that several members of the team actually cheated death (to appear in Doom Patrol revivals), although Elasti-Girl would remain "dead" until Infinite Crisis.
Infinite Crisis.
""I remember the explosion on the island. And then nothing but darkness. Am I supposed to be dead?""
— Elasti-Girl, "Teen Titans" #32, March 2006.
When writer-artist John Byrne revived the Doom Patrol in 2004, Elasti-Girl was among the team members reintroduced, as if none of the events in prior Doom Patrol continuity had ever happened.
This situation was explained as an after-effect of Superboy-Prime's pounding on the barrier to reality, which created ripples that changed reality for several characters, including the original Doom Patrol. 
The Patrol members retain no memories of their previous lives —until Superboy-Prime breaks the Phantom Zone barrier during his battle with the Teen Titans and their allies. At that moment their minds discern visions of the previous Doom Patrols, and Rita remembers everything — her husband, her son, and her own death.
Rita is seen in issue #7 of "Infinite Crisis" as one of the many heroes defending the city of Metropolis from the army calling themselves the Secret Society of Super Villains. She personally battles the giant villain Giganta.
Rita makes a cameo in issue #50 of the "52" maxi-series. She is seen on a monitoring screen; she is fighting Black Adam next to the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
"Infinite Crisis" ultimately retconned Byrne's reboot out of continuity.
One Year Later.
Following the One Year Later jump, the Doom Patrol changes considerably, losing several members and gaining Beast Boy, Bumblebee and Vox.
The explanation for Rita's resurrection: The Chief salvaged a piece of Elasti-Girl's skull and used his technology to regrow her entire body due to its malleable form. Consequently, Elasti-Girl is very docile, and is reluctant to question the Chief. The Chief hints that her malleable form hampers her thinking abilities, leading to her lack of personal initiative which makes her dependent upon Caulder (a.k.a. The Chief). As he observes her interaction with the Chief, Robin suspects that the Chief has brainwashed Rita and the other Patrol members. Rita's husband, Mento, is under the control of his Mento-helmet, and believes that his wife would never love him without it.
Following their battle against the Brotherhood, the Titans and the Doom Patrol witness the Chief working to convince Kid Devil that he is a freak and that the Titans actually dislike him. This pushes the teams to confront the Chief: Mento finally removes his helmet and pointedly tells the Chief that he is no longer leader of the Patrol and if he ever again insults his wife and son, he will use his powers to destroy the Chief's intellect. Rita firmly stands behind her husband, breaking out of the Chief's control.
In the most recent Doom Patrol series, Rita changed her codename to "Elasti-Woman". It was revealed that that when the Chief regrew her he did so using protoplasm to eliminate 'weaknesses' such as bones and internal organs and therefore Rita is no longer human. When she sleeps Rita loses her human shape and reverts to a puddle of goo, having to reshape herself when she wakes up every morning.
Powers and abilities.
Rita has the ability to expand and shrink her body. Her powers of expansion allow her to become as large as a skyscraper. She has the ability to shrink to mere inches. (During one adventure, she was exposed to a gas that caused her to reduce to a microscopic scale and enter a sub-atomic universe; that experience has not been repeated.) Rita can selectively shrink or expand parts of her body.
As depicted in John Byrne's "Doom Patrol" (retconned out of existence), Elasti-Girl could change the size of objects and people by touching them; when she'd release them, they'd revert to their normal size.
Because of her protoplasmic physiology, Rita can regenerate any part of her body. She can reconstruct a half-blown face or a torn leg and regrow severed limbs.

</doc>
<doc id="2872490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872490" title="Leo Kolber">
Leo Kolber

Ernest Leo Kolber, (born January 18, 1929) is a Canadian businessman, philanthropist and former Senator. 
Born in Montreal, Quebec, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1949 and a Bachelor of Law in 1952 from McGill University. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1952. Kolber was President of CEMP Investments, a family holding company for the children of Samuel Bronfman. In the 1960s, Kolber played a key role in the construction of the Toronto Dominion Centre, a landmark building complex designed by Mies van der Rohe that is credited with helping to elevate Toronto to the status of a world class city. Kolber was also instrumental in two major Bronfman deals: Seagram's purchase of a stake in DuPont and the sale of the Cadillac-Fairview real estate company at the height of its value in 1987. In the process, Kolber acquired considerable wealth in his own right, including $100 million for arranging the Cadillac-Fairview sale. 
Author Peter C. Newman wrote in his 1975 book The Canadian Establishment that Kolber was so close to the Bronfman family that "Sam treated him as a son and Leo worshipped Sam as a father." Newman calls Kolber "the non-Bronfman Bronfman with the big brain" and "a tough cookie," but goes on to say that Kolber "was always honest and had a sense of humor about himself." A character based on a caricature of Kolber appears in the Mordecai Richler novel Solomon Gursky Was Here; the portrait is highly unflattering. 
For many years, Kolber was the chief fundraiser for the Liberal Party of Canada. He also served on the boards of many companies, including Seagram, MGM, and the Toronto-Dominion Bank. Kolber's late wife Sandra was a published poet and film executive who served on the board of The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and received an arts award from the Governor General. Sandra and Leo Kolber were among Montreal's most active philanthropists. Causes included The Montreal Symphony Orchestra, McGill University and The Jewish General Hospital.
Kolber's close friendship with Israeli President Shimon Peres dates back to the 1950s. Kolber's son Jonathan is an Israeli citizen who was chairman of Koor Industries Ltd., a leading Israeli investment firm. 
In 1983, Kolber was appointed to the Senate of Canada representing the senatorial division of Victoria, Quebec. He was the Chairman of the Standing Senate Committee on Banking, Trade and Commerce. Kolber played a role in reducing Canada's capital gains taxes. He advocated a change in government policy to permit bank mergers, but did not prevail. [http://www.lianmacdonald.ca/columns/post/20090117.html]
In December 2000, the National Assembly of Quebec condemned Yves Michaud, a former Parti Québécois delegate-general to Paris, for repeating on the radio angry remarks he had made to Kolber in a Montreal barber shop. Michaud had said that Jews weren't the only people in the world to have suffered. The controversy escalated into what became known as l'Affaire Michaud. Quebec Premier Lucien Bouchard subsequently resigned, citing support for Michaud within the Parti Québécois as one of his reasons. 
Kolber retired from the Senate shortly before his 75th birthday in 2004. In 2005, he was appointed Chair of the Advisory Council on National Security.
In 2003, he published his autobiography, written with L. Ian MacDonald, entitled "Leo: A Life". [http://www.amazon.ca/Leo-Life-Kolber/dp/0773526358] Though long associated with the pro-business wing of the Liberal Party, Kolber writes that he always considered himself "a strange sort of socialist." Also included in the book are anecdotes about Kolber's friendships with such Hollywood celebrities as Danny Kaye and Harry Belafonte. One chapter is devoted to Kolber's travels with former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. On the business front, Kolber is sharply critical of Edgar Bronfman, Jr.'s tenure at Seagram. He also expresses disappointment at the declining business ethics that led to the scandals at Enron, Worldcom and other companies.
In 2007, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2872492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872492" title="American Camp Association">
American Camp Association

The American Camp Association (ACA), formerly known as the American Camping Association, is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that serves the United States. It is an association for camp owners, camp professionals and others interested in summer camps and similar camp programs.
ACA runs an accreditation criterion for camps. According to ACA, to become accredited, camps must meet up to 300 health and safety standards. The accreditation process is voluntary, and ACA currently accredits more than 2,400 camps nationwide.
ACA claims a diverse 9,000 plus membership. It has membership types for individuals, camps, and businesses. The American Camp Association has 23 local offices throughout the country. For example, the American Camp Association- New York represents one of the largest networks of camp professionals in the country with over 500 members representing over 300 affiliated camps.
History.
The American Camping Association® (ACA) was founded in 1910 under the original name, Camp Directors Association of America (CDAA). CDAA was founded in 1910 by Alan S. Williams. Founder Alan S. Williams created a model and standardizing influence for the organized camp experience for the young. The CDAA merged with the National Association of Directors of Girls' Camps in 1924 and changed its name to the Camp Director Association (CDA). In 1935, the name was changed to the American Camping Association, Incorporated (ACA). This name would stay the same until 2004, when it was changed to the American Camp Association®.
The Gunnery Camp is considered the first organized American camp. Frederick W. Gunn and his wife Abigail operated a home school for boys in Washington, Connecticut. In 1861, they took the whole school on a two-week trip. The class hiked to their destination and then set up camp. The students spent their time boating, fishing, and trapping. The trip was so successful, the Gunns continued the tradition for twelve years.

</doc>
<doc id="2872493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872493" title="Sychrov Castle">
Sychrov Castle

Sychrov Castle can be found near the village Sychrov in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It is unique example of Neo-Gothic castle from second half of 19th century. A large park surrounds the castle.
History.
Since the 15th century, a fort existed in the place now occupied by Sychrov. During the years between 1690 and 1693, a small baroque castle was constructed here. 
In 1820 the castle was bought by the Rohan family, French aristocrats exiled by the French Revolution who decided to stay in the Austrian Empire. The 125-year-long ownership by the Rohans proved to be the most important in the castle's history. 
In 1945 the castle was nationalised because of the Beneš decrees. Since 1950, it has been open to the public to a small extent. Since the 1970s, however, large parts of the castle were open to the public. Since the beginning of the 1990s, an extensive reconstruction and restoration of the castle exteriors, interiors, and the park have been underway, the object of which is to make Sychrov look as close to its original form at the time of its biggest boom, i.e., its condition in the second half of the 19th century, as possible. In 1995 it came under the protection of the state as national cultural heritage.
Architecture.
A small, dilapidated, Baroque castle was rebuilt by the Rohans and finished in 1834. A second reconstruction (1847–62) put romantic neogothic style into the castle, and this style remains today. The reconstruction was carried out according to the plans of Bernard Grueber, and all works were facilitated by domestic artists and craftsmen. 
The owner paid specific attention to the Castle Park, designed in the English style. The park became a model for the establishment of many now-important arboreta such as in Průhonice and Konopiště. During this period, a rare harmonising of the castle exterior, interior, and the park was accomplished. During the late 1920s/early 1930s, the castle interior was renovated. Especially valuable are the interior carvings by Petr Bušek, who worked in the castle for 38 years.
Collections.
The castle boasts a collection of around 250 portraits of the Rohans, related families, and French kings. It is the largest collection of French portrait paintings in Central Europe. Sychrov hosts unique glass paintings by Jan Zachariáš Quast.
The park.
The English park has an area of 23 hectares. The older, classical park was remodeled into the romantic style. Since botany was a hobby of the castle owner, the park received a lot of attention: There are rich dendrological and botanical collections. Unique beech (Fagus silvatica Rohani) was cultivated in the park. See www.zamek-sychrov.cz/en/apark.asp for more information.
Legacy.
The composer Antonín Dvořák visited the castle several times (he was a friend of its administrator), and several of his works were inspired by its beauty.
Today Sychrov is a popular place for wedding ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="2872497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872497" title="Chatarina Larsson">
Chatarina Larsson

Chatarina Larsson (born "Ingrid Chatarina Larsson"), a Swedish actress born on 2 April 1947 in Stockholm. 
Larsson's first appearance was with her father, in Lisebergsteatern in 1964, in the variety show "Far i luften". She studied at drama school in Malmö from 1967-1970, and later worked at Stockholms stadsteater from 1970-1976, and later at a Scanian theatre. She has worked as a teacher at a theatre school in Stockholm. In 1979 she was awarded the Theater Society's Daniel Engdahl scholarship. She is daughter of actor and artist Egon Larsson and singer Gun Larsson.

</doc>
<doc id="2872504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872504" title="Members of the covenant">
Members of the covenant

The members of the covenant were an important part of early Syriac Christianity. Before the advent of monasticism proper (which developed in the desert of Egypt), most Syriac churches would consist of a community focused around the members of the covenant: men and women who had committed themselves to sexual abstinence and the service of the church. This name is the English translation of the Syriac "bnay qyāmâ" (ܒܢܝ ܩܝܡܐ), literally "sons of the covenant". A male member of the covenant was called "bar qyāmâ" (ܒܪ ܩܝܡܐ), or "son of the covenant"; a female member was "bat qyāmâ" (ܒܪܬ ܩܝܡܐ), or "daughter of the covenant".
While this became the prevailing concept of how ascetics lived in the Western Roman Empire, in Persia things developed with a slightly altered perspective. With only a few exceptions, Syrian monks learned to live among the people, both Christian and non-Christian, living the strict ascetic lifestyle while still maintaining full cohesion in the world about them. These eastern ascetics saw their spiritually disciplined life as a journey of steps, adopting the notion that all were equal in God’s eyes, each finding him or herself on a stairway of godliness that led ultimately towards eternity with God.
The Members of the Covenant hold a different, yet wholesome view of spirituality – one that consists of a journey of steps toward God. Looking at both Egyptian and Syrian ascetics, I will compare the cultures, disciplines and philosophies of both groups based on their literature and evidences I have come across. Next I will look closely at a specific group of Syrian ascetics who intentionally stayed among the larger Christian community; the Sons and Daughters of the Covenant. With them I will consider their lifestyle and the community that surrounded them as a base for making specific judgments about ascetic Syriac Christians. Afterward, I will review the "Liber Graduum" text and its usage in the Christian community it served. This insight will include a summary of the tenets, demographics, and lifestyles of the steps in the Liber Graduum, as well as give some ideas as to why this community eventually declined.
The value of an integrated Christian community is vital to its continuance, perspective, and strength. This integration of course includes a number of variables, including age, gender, race, and under the lenses of this paper, spiritual maturity. Without preference to time or culture, a healthy view of the Christian life is one that views it in terms of a path that leads towards the One who created all life. Living with the goal of godliness at the end of one’s path encourages a steady transformation into the image of Christ. This however, is not enough. To keep from becoming irrelevant and ultimately extinct in the community, each Christian must hold with equal regard those at different stages of the journey, and remain committed to them by giving other believers chances to grow. This is exactly how Syriac Christians viewed communal spiritual development. Because Syriac Ascetics saw spiritual formation as a community on a journey, they were successful in avoiding isolation and irrelevance – remaining instead a spiritually effective presence in the church and the lost world around them.
History.
Third Century.
Asceticism in the Egyptian and Persian cultures seemed to have more differences in doctrine and practice than what they shared together. The late third century shows two distinct groups pursuing celibacy, poverty and homelessness all for the sake of freeing their lives from the troubles of this world. However, the major dividing principle between the two groups was their leader in the movement. Egyptians saw their figurehead as Anthony the Great, the founding father of Egyptian monasticism and cultivator of what dominant Egyptian monasticism had come to stand for by that time. Syrian monks on the other hand, based their purpose and practice on apostolic precedent; and more accurately, the life and teachings of Christ and his disciples. While this may seem presumptuous, it truly created a fundamental difference in the goals and direction of Syrian monks that sent them on a path toward meaningful interaction with the world that surrounded them.
Up until the late third century, both groups of Christians felt the pressures of their surrounding social and political world. The Egyptians, like the Persians, were marginalized and persecuted for their faith, but only until an emperor by the name of Constantine arrived on the scene. His conversion and Christian presence on the throne in Rome was felt dramatically throughout the Roman Empire. While many were excited about the influx of believers following Constantine’s example, many others saw the mainstreaming of Sunday congregations as a negative influence on what Christ had actually called them to. They needed a higher call to discipleship, and certainly before the fourth century, there was the creation of the Egyptian monk.
Conversely, Syriac Christianity never found itself in the mainstream of acceptability in its surrounding society. Because of this, “wanderers of third-century Syria introduce a motive for practicing Christian asceticism that is different from anything we have found preserved in Egyptian desert tradition.” From its very beginning, Syriac Christianity was intrinsically an ascetical faith built on its reactions and adoptions from Marcionism, and Manichaeism among other cultural heresies which promoted the Christian faith as radical dedication and sacrifice; something monastic living the world over was centered around. Thus, the Syriac Christians heard Jesus’ words of “whoever wants to save his life will lose it,” as a challenge to seek a drastic way of living which measures up to Jesus’ call for discipleship.
So what real difference did Christ as head of the monastic movement in Persia create? It was found in the Syrians’ refusal to flea from a culture in which they felt called to serve and transform. Unlike Egyptian monks who felt the need to escape the pressures of Roman rule in order to form Christ-like lives in an isolated desert, the marginalized Syriac ascetics remained enmeshed in the church and lost culture that surrounded them.
These monks of Persia did not view their ascetic lifestyle as radically unobtainable for the average Christian filling the pews on Sundays, (as opposed to many of the Egyptian monks of their day who saw their newly converted brothers and sisters as nominal at best), and they remained a prominent part of the local congregations in their town or village. Instead of an unimaginable leap of faith separated by monastic discipline and judgment, Syriac ascetics encouraged a faith-building understanding of discipleship that viewed the Christian faith as a journey; one in which we all find ourselves. Because of this, the monks of Persia felt a sense of duty to come alongside those they could mentor and guide to the next step in their faith, hoping to see those on earlier steps to grow as well.
The overwhelming presence of Western monasticism was not totally foreign to the minds of Syrian Christians seeking the paths for ascetic life. Theodoret of Cyrrhus gives historians a beautiful rendition of the early individualistic tendencies in the monks of Syria in his book about their history. Notable examples of extreme asceticism were the Persian “boskoi” monks who lived in the wild, and were often mistaken for strange animals. Wrapped in goatskins or straw mats, they avoided all forms of artificial clothing or shelter and only ate what they were given or they found already growing on the ground. Needless to say, this was an extreme form of an individualistic faith that led many well-intentioned Persian monks to the tops of pillars for forty years and others to wearing their heads raw from beating it against the ground.
The regions of the Persian Empire stretched far and wide, creating great distances between Christian groups that were developing and expressing themselves in radically different ways. “…we do know that it was extremely complex in its diversity – so much so that it is impossible to make assessments with regard to Christian orthodoxy from that period.” Because there was no overarching rule governing the civilization of Christianity, (much like one might find in the neighboring Roman Empire), Christians were more free to slip around the dogmas of the Catholics and develop widely different understanding of living the Christian life. For example, in contrast to the staunch individualistic faith seen in the rural wildernesses around them, Christians in the Persian urban areas were more intent on creating a community of believers by creating and transforming it through Christian discipleship. “From the earliest times asceticism played an integral and affirming role in the communities and the faith of Syrian Christians…discipleship to Christ, lived out by laymen and women through varying degrees…constituted the highest expression of Christian life.” Communal monasticism became more and more common during the early part of the fourth century, leaving behind the influences of the Egyptian ascetic paradigm.
Fourth Century.
During this crucial fourth century and beyond, the notions of individualistic faith changed and developed into the image of Christians as “strangers”. Syriac Christians that began seeing themselves as “strangers” to the world did not mean they were isolated and removed from it, but rather they “assume a special responsibility for it and power within it, drawn precisely from the status of ‘stranger’.” Monks of this lineage acted as a missionary to his own community, a “teacher of children, healer, arbitrator…” They were missionally minded, building a life around hospitality to others, serving the poor, and standing up for cases of social justice. “For them, following Christ meant active engagement, as Christ’s representatives, with the ‘world’ they had renounced, rather than permanent social withdrawal.”
It is out of this context that the “Sons and Daughters of the Covenant” (Benai and Benat Qeiama) were born. Truly, this understanding of living the Christian life was already ingrained in the minds and hearts of Syriac believers from the earliest days. “We must be reminded that the first Christian impulses in the lands of the Euphrates and Tigris did not come from Hellenistic Christianity via Antioch but from Palestinian Jewish Christianity…these archaic conditions, which understood the qeiama as the whole congregation of celibates who alone were admitted to baptism and sacramental life, were tenacious and were able to last for generations.” Living the life of celibacy and ascetic dedication to their Lord; the church thrived.
During this time however, historical records of the church in Syria indicate that a major shift took place, and it began to initiate the Roman concepts of church into their practice. This led to dividing grounds between the benai and benat qeiama against the married and vocational members who were also active participants in the world’s society around them. It was at this moment that a crucial split could have taken place. There was opportunity for these two groups to separate, both willing to follow God with all of their hearts, but both understanding what it means to follow Jesus as radically different and conflicting. However, through reconciliation and the grace of God, they merged and adopted a syncretism of belief; understanding their spiritual growth as steps.
From the beginning of the fourth century, the Sons and Daughters of the Covenant saw their mission as deeply interwoven with the congregational church. No longer were Syriac Christians living the Christian life for themselves, it now operationally took “a church to raise a Christian.” The members of the qeiama understood themselves to be what we might think of today as deacons. They usually lived together or with their family members, but there are instances of the benat qeiama (daughters of the covenant) to have convents and other communal organizations with which they could live and study God’s Word together. Each of them took the vow of chastity in becoming a member of the covenant, and through this vow they saw themselves vehemently as the “brides of Christ”. They surrounded this practice with layers of strict doctrine that did not allow them to be out after dark or for the benat to live with a man, lest they fall into temptation. They even had a judicial law that sent a dysfunctional covenanter to a secluded monastery, and renaming them bart qeiama denoting their failure to live up to the life-covenant to which they were called.
Functionally in the congregation, these qeiama were students and servants of the clergy. This meant that there were certain rules against a Son or Daughter from becoming a hireling or staff for a farmer, or any other vocation – they were to be completely devoted to the works and ministries of the church. It is certain that members of the qeiama were directly involved with the worship service itself, “In Edessa the qeiama of women had a part in the liturgy, reciting the hymns composed by Ephrem.” Outside of the worship service, the benai and benat qeiama were set to the task of serving and blessing others in the congregation, as well as those not connected to a place of Christian faith.
For example, a hospital was built from the efforts of one congregation’s Covenant Group, and the structure of administering the hospital sheds light on how the roles and responsibilities of each member of the congregation was dispensed. “Active believers and energetic deacons were appointed to direct the work, but for the actual service, Rabbula employed the benai qeiama.” Roles are mirrored for the women’s hospital built nearby. Charities for lepers in their village, shelters for the poor and destitute, as well as other institutions of Christian love kept the hands and feet of the qeiama busy as they met the needs of a hurting world. These “monks” (if they can truly be called as such) were anything but removed from those who needed their love the most, making their presence a powerful and effective one in the surrounding community.
In their dedication to helping the poor to see God’s love they became the centerpiece of the Christian community. One ancient source remarking on the necessity of the Covenant children boldly states, “the churches and monasteries will be constituted (or will have their existence) through them.” The very purposes the church sought to fulfill were exemplified in these Sons and Daughters of the Covenant, thus creating a standard for all other members of the church, both clergy and lay, to strive towards.
While there was much good in the services of the Sons and Daughters of the Covenant, there had yet to develop in Syriac asceticism an institutional framework for spiritual development that would progress a Christian in his journey with God and man. Enter the Liber Graduum. A series of what might be called sermons or devotionals, the Liber Graduum or “Book of Steps” creates a concrete path for Christians to walk from the earliest steps of faith to the boldest leaps of evangelistic asceticism. This was all done in the context of community; there were no “Lone-Rangers” of the faith as is seen in Coptic spirituality. The audiences of the Liber Graduum, as well as those associated with other important works not developed here (such as Letters to Virgins), built a world for themselves that supported such reliance upon each other and corporate understanding that to truly understand Syriac Christianity in Late Antiquity we must examine their texts.
“The Liber Graduum portrays a prime example of a community that summoned Christians to a higher view, but still viewed this life, body and Church as a part of God’s world.” The Liber Graduum for early Syriac Christians was not just a commentary on Scripture that was kept on a dusty shelf in a library. The eclectic mēmrā or what might be translated “sermons” seem to indicate a wide variety of situations that a community faced compiled over many years.
Michael Kmosko was the first to translate and comment on the Liber Graduum in 1926, categorizing it with its contemporary Messalian heresy that was striking the Persian Church at its time of writing. A later commenter Daniel Caner described the Liber Graduum as a threat in the eyes of the common Christian public of its day, inciting rebellion against the institutional Church found all over the Roman Empire. Finally however, David Lane does a concise and well-balanced overview of the Liber Graduum.
Lane suggests that the author of the mēmrā in the Book of Steps was trying to wrestle (as was his community) with Jesus’ different calls of discipleship to different people. To some Jesus would ask only that they believe in Him, and they would be healed; to others Jesus demanded nothing short of their total renunciation of property and family before they could follow in His footsteps. To Lane, the Liber Graduum builds for its community a tension between these commands, bridging them into a sort of staircase; ascending in the levels of the Christian life.
Six Profiles.
The anonymous author of the Liber Graduum points out six profiles of the Christian life, and claims that each Christian must evaluate where they are, and where others are around them, and work as a community to struggle up the staircase towards holiness. But what did these steps look like? How did they function in the midst of community? By looking closely at these Christian-life profiles and descriptions, we begin to see the values and needs of the Syriac Christians emerge.
By far, the author spends the majority of his efforts focusing and developing the top two steps, the “Upright” and the “Perfect”. The first nine mēmrā focus on the Perfect and the ways in which all other forms of spiritual living compare, yet are inferior to it. The Upright are called to fulfill the minor commandments in Scripture and the Perfect are to follow the major commands. According to the author’s view of salvation, God does not hold the same requirements for each person in living out the life he has called them to live. An example of such a distinction is made in Mēmrā Fourteen, “The Upright discern good people from evil ones and are moved with compassion upon the latter; the Perfect consider as better than themselves.” The Upright were those who strove with everything they were to be radical followers of Jesus. The Perfect however, having given up all their possessions, and worldly relationships, (even family and wife in some instances ), were not only striving to be followers, they were seen as angels on Earth. These profiles are not necessarily a job description for those on the step, but a caricature of what the author is looking for and what he sees Jesus calling them to.
The next two groups he quickly sketches are the Sick and the Children. The Children, simply put, are infants in the faith. They are new to the experience of following Jesus and therefore little is expected of their spiritual dedication. In fact, the most significant command for the Children is that, in their fledgling commitment to Christ, they must stay away from negative influences (such as pagan friends, etc.) that might pull them back into the world they are trying to escape from. The Sick harm, judge, and condemn their neighbors, instead of forgiving them as an Upright or a Perfect one would do.
While there is little difference between the Upright and the Perfect, and the Disciples of Faith and the Disciples of Love respectively, the author sees a clear distinction. Without much more than a brief reference here and there, the Liber Graduum places the Disciples of Faith and the Disciples of Love in between the Upright and Perfect, as sort of bridge points for those on the track to becoming “Perfect”. Instead of leaving Christians alone in their spiritual walks toward righteous living, these six silhouettes of faith in the Syriac Church enabled Christians to dream of where their journey of faith might be calling them next.
Just as with any black and white text that is designed to facilitate the lifestyles of a colorful and changing community, so the brothers and sisters living under the guidance of the Liber Graduum became increasingly confused and conflicted as to how they were to live with each other on different steps. Pastoral reactions to conflict and spite fill much of the pages of the Liber Graduum, working over a period of what could be years to smooth out the finer lines of relationship between those on differing steps.
There was internal conflict which was mostly frustration toward the Perfect. The author bereaves the elevated status of the Perfect, likening them unto “perfect” examples of the human race, one in which all humans can look to and model after. However, since they were merely to “love everyone” and yet had given up the majority of their relationships, many saw the Perfect as totally hypocritical and useless in bettering the community. Everyone had something against them, the poor thought the Perfect as wealthy and comfortable, the starving thought all the Perfect did was recline and eat the best foods.
Beyond this concern, certain familial and religious conflict within the community began its downward spiral into oblivion. Families were concerned with children on the path to becoming one of the Perfect or Upright, and many non-Christian family members were harassing the “Children” of the Faith and causing the Children to recede. The author warns his audience, passionately reminding them of the persecution Jesus foretold on those who followed His ways.
Liber Graduum.
The fact that the author of the Liber Graduum sees his church as collapsing morally and spiritually is a key to understanding the reason and purpose behind the book. In Mēmrā Twenty-Nine, he admonishes his community for their slack behavior and spiritual laziness. He mourns the former days when the community was more dedicated to the principles outlined in earlier sermons. “We teach these others, but we do not teach ourselves…we talk about these , but do not act like them.” It is possible that those Perfect and Upright were beginning to relax in their dedication to holy living, pursuing instead a more dualistic understanding of the world. This understanding helped them feel above the need for prayer or compassion, with influences coming possibly from the current Messalian heresy that held similar views. As the community loses focus on the “journey” image and function of the Christian life, they move further into decline. Instead of hearing the author’s message as “steps toward godliness” it is possible that those in the community felt they were more a part of a caste system in which was impossible to progress.
The value of an integrated spiritual community was obvious to the author of the Liber Graduum. His dream to house the deepest ascetics and newborns in the faith under the same congregational roof was a powerful one. As a pastor of the community, he could never come alongside every single member and nudge them towards righteousness in God; just as with all things in Syriac Christianity of that time, it had to be a communal effort. Building a tightly knit spiritual group of people that depended on each other led to mentorship among those on the “steps” that could not have happened in more individualistic settings. With the author’s dream realized, all members could potentially teach and be taught by other members of the group, forming and equipping skills necessary for the Christian life for that time. This was a beautiful dream, and a fascinating reality.
Cherishing spiritually integrated communities is something that does not change through the ages. Now, possibly more than ever, we are challenged to build authentic relationships with other believers, teaching and equipping them to take the next step in their faith. This faith of course does not leave us in the closets where we learned it, but emboldens us to walk out onto the streets, being the same powerfully Christian presence that we see in the Sons and Daughters of the Covenant and Liber Graduum communities so many years before us.
Syriac Ascetics made a powerful impact in the world because they lived their life in integrated communities, and understood the Christian life as a journey of steps toward godliness. Throughout this paper, we have considered the specific differences of the Egyptian and Syriac models of asceticism, highlighting the positive influences an integrated community that is missionally minded can have on the lost world around them. Turning then to the Sons and Daughters of the Covenant, we saw a relationally driven lifestyle which was connected to the overall church body and yet held with dignity the covenants of monastic faith these Christians felt called to. The community under the Liber Graduum shows us how process and growth can happen in an intentional and structured way. In this paper, we investigated one group’s framework for living this spiritual process out in the midst of the entire congregation.
We are on a journey towards becoming again the perfect imago dei (image of God). Christ became just like us so that we could become more like his Father. Realizing that this task is a lifelong journey that bleeds over mysteriously into the afterlife is something that all Christians are challenged to consider. This world is not our home, and taking advice from the Liber Graduum, we can never reach “perfection” until we have made it back into our Father’s arms. While this is true, we have certainly been called to follow everyday closer to Jesus, our Master. Living as a participant with Jesus on the journey back home is a powerful testimony to a lost world searching for direction.

</doc>
<doc id="2872522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872522" title="Redan High School">
Redan High School

Redan High School is a public secondary school located in unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. The school is south of the city of Stone Mountain.
Redan was established in 1976 by the DeKalb County School System. The school's mascot is the Raider. Both Redan High School and its "twin", Stone Mountain High School, were built without any main windows on the exterior of the building (except for in the main common area). The windowless construction was for energy saving purposes during the "energy crunch" of the mid-to-late 1970s.
On December 17, 2012, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools announced that it had downgraded the DeKalb County Schools System's status from "on advisement" to "on probation" and warned the school system that the loss of their accreditation was "imminent." 
School Goals.
The mission of Redan High School is to provide an academic community that fosters a student's social, ethical, and academic growth in a safe, encouraging environment that strives to connect the classroom to real life experiences.
Awards and recognition.
Redan produced grammy award winning producers Swizz Beats and Danger Mouse as well as R&B group Jagged Edge and rapper Cyhi the Prynce. It is also home school to MTV regular Alana "LaLa" Vasquez, actor TJ Hassan, and actress Carmen Thomas (Hillary from All My Children).
Redan has also proudly produced two Super Bowl champions (former Chicago Bears kicker Kevin Butler and Pittsburgh Steelers punter Chris Gardocki); 18 Major League Baseball draftees, including rising Cincinnati Reds star Brandon Phillips; and former Atlanta Falcon Terrance Mathis. 
The Redan High School "Blue Thunder" Marching Band is one of the largest high school marching bands in the state of Georgia and in the Southeast. The band has a long list of awards which include winning the National VH1 "Save the Music" Battle of the Bands twice. They are the first and only high school band invited to perform in this competition to do so.
The band consistently earns superior ratings in both marching band and concert band competitions, and was considered for performance in the inaugural parade of President Barack Obama, in January 2009. The band has also had several featured spots including being featured in the blockbuster movie, "Drum Line", the Disneyland Christmas parade, as well as being the only high school band to shoot a live commercial while performing at the Atlanta Football Classic.
Keeping with its high stepping tradition, the band has performed for countless college and university half-time shows including: the Florida A&M Homecoming Celebration, Jackson State University, Bethune-Cookman University, Norfolk State University, and Tennessee State University. In addition, the band has been invited to perform at major international events including the Chinese Festival, in Beijing, China. 
With regard to national acclaim, the band has recorded live commercials for several Fortune 500 companies and has featured on the cd's of many recording artist. In November 2009, the Marching Blue Thunder was asked to perform in the upcoming feature movie "Stomp the Yard 2: Homecoming", which will be released in 2010. Among traditional marching bands, the Marching Blue Thunder is currently ranked number two in the nation, number two in the Southeast, number one in the South, and sits as the number one ranked "High Stepping" High School Marching Band in the state of Georgia. The band continues to earn thousand of dollars annually in scholarship and tuition funds.
Their Lady Raiders Basketball Team won the 5A State Championship in 2009.
Feeder schools.
The following Elementary and Middle schools feed into Redan High School:

</doc>
<doc id="2872527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872527" title="Brewery Creek">
Brewery Creek

Brewery Creek ("Ruisseau de la Brasserie") is a small creek that forms the northern and western shores of Île Hull. It circles the downtown of the Hull sector, of Gatineau, Quebec. It runs into the Ottawa River just west of downtown Hull. Running west of Montcalm Street it turns east north of the highway, running up to Jacques Cartier Park where it rejoins the Ottawa River. Originally it was at the heart of Hull's industrial sector, with a number of factories. This included several breweries, from which it gets its name. In the 1980s the area was refurbished by the National Capital Commission. The former water works on a small island in the creek became the Théâtre de l'Île and the Montcalm Street Bridge was replaced by the ornate Tour Eiffel Bridge. Its pollution removed, it has become a popular location for birders.

</doc>
<doc id="2872539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872539" title="B Is for B-sides">
B Is for B-sides

B Is for B-sides is a 12 track album by Less Than Jake. It is composed of songs recorded for the album Anthem that did not make the release. The album was released in 2004 by Sire Records. A techno remix of the album (limited to 2000 copies) was offered for sale exclusively at live shows, and features 10 songs from this release, albeit remixed in an electronica style.

</doc>
<doc id="2872543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872543" title="Humane Slaughter Act">
Humane Slaughter Act

The Humane Slaughter Act, or the Humane Methods of Livestock Slaughter Act, (P.L. 85-765; 7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) is a United States federal law designed to decrease suffering of livestock during slaughter. It was approved on August 27, 1958. Food Safety and Inspection Service inspectors at slaughtering plants are responsible for overseeing compliance, and have the authority to stop slaughter lines and order plant employees to take corrective actions. Although more than 168 million chickens (excluding broilers) and around 9 billion broiler chickens are killed for food in the United States yearly, the Humane Slaughter Act specifically mentions only cattle, calves, horses, mules, sheep and swine.
Following news reports in early 2002 alleging significant non-compliance, FSIS assigned additional veterinarians to its district offices specifically to monitor humane slaughter and handling procedures and to report to headquarters on compliance. The 2002 farm bill requests an annual compliance report to Congress, and in the FY 2003 agricultural appropriations act, Congress designated $5 million of FSIS funding for hiring 50 additional compliance inspectors. Language in the FY 2004 consolidated appropriations act directs FSIS to continue fulfilling that mandate, and the FY2005 budget request calls for another $5 million to be allocated for enforcement activities. A January 2004 GAO report states that compliance problems persist (GAO-04-247). Earlier concerns about humane treatment of non-ambulatory (downer) cattle at slaughter houses became irrelevant when FSIS issued regulations in January 2004 (69 FR 1892) prohibiting them from being slaughtered and inspected for use as human food.
Content of the Humane Slaughter Act.
"7 U.S.C.A. § 1902. Humane methods"
"No method of slaughtering or handling in connection with slaughtering shall be deemed to comply with the public policy of the United States unless it is humane. Either of the following two methods of slaughtering and handling are hereby found to be humane:"
"(a) in the case of cattle, calves, horses, mules, sheep, swine, and other livestock, all animals are rendered insensible to pain by a single blow or gunshot or an electrical, chemical or other means that is rapid and effective, before being shackled, hoisted, thrown, cast, or cut; or"
"(b) by slaughtering in accordance with the ritual requirements of the Islamic and Jewish faith or any other religious faith that prescribes a method of slaughter whereby the animal suffers loss of consciousness by anemia of the brain caused by the simultaneous and instantaneous severance of the carotid arteries with a sharp instrument and handling in connection with such slaughtering."
According to the law, animals should be stunned into unconsciousness prior to their slaughter to ensure a death with less suffering than in killing methods used earlier. The most common methods are electrocution and CO2 stunning for swine and captive bolt stunning for cattle, sheep, and goats. Frequent on-site monitoring is necessary, as is the employment of skilled and well-trained personnel. An animal is considered properly stunned when there is no "righting reflex"; that is, the animal must not try to stand up and right itself. Only then can it be considered fully unconscious. It can then proceed down the line, where slaughterhouse workers commence in cutting up its body.
The act contains a broad exemption for all animals slaughtered in accordance with religious law. This generally applies to animals killed for the kosher and Halal meat market. Jewish law (halakha) prescribes that the animal be fully sensible before slaughter, and while stunning debatable in Islamic law (sharia), the latter too requires that the animal be killed through ritual slaughter and not due to stunning. Proponents of these slaughter methods claim that the severing of the animal's carotid arteries, jugular veins and vagus nerve renders the animal unconscious more effectively than most other methods.
History of the Humane Slaughter Act.
1958.
The first version of the HMSLA was passed in 1958. Public demand for the act was so great that when asked at a press conference whether he would sign it, President Dwight D. Eisenhower stated, "If I went by mail, I’d think no one was interested in anything but humane slaughter."
Senator Hubert H. Humphrey was the author of the first humane slaughter bill introduced in the US Congress and chief Senate sponsor of the Federal Humane Slaughter Act, which passed in 1958. National organizations like the Animal Welfare Institute and The Humane Society of the United States supported its passage.
1978.
In 1979, the HMSLA was updated and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) inspectors were given the authority to stop the slaughtering line when cruelty was observed. Officially, slaughtering was not to continue until said cruelty, whether as a result of equipment or of abuses by personnel, was corrected. However, the USDA eventually stopped authorizing USDA inspectors to stop the line, since doing so incurs considerable cost of time for the industry.
2002.
Improvements were made on May 13, 2002, when President George W. Bush signed the Farm Bill (Public Law 107-171) into law. It includes a Resolution confirming that the HMSLA should be fully enforced.
When introducing the Resolution on the Senate floor, Senator Peter Fitzgerald said:
Criticism of the HMSLA.
Exclusionary policies.
The HMSLA is criticized by animal rights advocates and the Humane Society of the United States for only including cattle, pigs, and sheep but not poultry, fish, rabbits or other animals routinely slaughtered for food. After a 2004 PETA undercover investigation which publicized abuse of chickens by employees of a West Virginia Pilgrim's Pride slaughterhouse that supplied chickens to KFC, PETA was joined by the Humane Society in calling for the Humane Slaughter Act to be expanded to include birds.

</doc>
<doc id="2872544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872544" title="Pain disorder">
Pain disorder

Pain disorder is chronic pain experienced by a patient in one or more areas, and is thought to be caused by psychological stress. The pain is often so severe that it disables the patient from proper functioning. Duration may be as short as a few days or as long as many years. The disorder may begin at any age, and occurs more frequently in girls than boys. This disorder often occurs after an accident or during an illness that has caused pain, which then takes on a 'life' of its own.
Sub-diagnoses.
The DSM-IV-TR specifies three coded subdiagnoses: pain disorder associated with psychological factors, pain disorder associated with both psychological factors and a general medical condition and pain disorder associated with a general medical condition (although the latter subtype is not considered a mental disorder and is coded separately within the DSM-IV-TR). Conditions such as dyspareunia, somatization disorder, conversion disorder, or mood disorders can eliminate pain disorder as a diagnosis. Diagnosis depends on the ability of physicians to explain the symptoms and on psychological influences.
Symptoms.
Common symptoms of pain disorder are: negative or distorted cognition, such as feelings of despair or hopelessness; inactivity and passivity, in some cases disability; increased pain, sometimes requiring clinical treatment; sleep disturbance and fatigue; disruption of social relationships; depression and/or anxiety. Acute conditions last less than six months while chronic pain disorder lasts six or more months.
There is no neurological or physiological basis for the pain. Pain is reported as more distressing than it should be if there was a physical explanation. People who suffer from this disorder may begin to abuse medication.
Epidemiology.
At least once a week, 10-30% of those under 18 years of age suffer from unexplainable headaches and abdominal pains in the United States, and the number is rising. People from collectivistic countries such as Japan, China, and Mexico are more likely to suffer from pain disorder than individualistic countries such as the US and Sweden.
Demographics.
Ethnicities show differences in how they express their discomfort and on how acceptable shows of pain and its tolerance are.
Most obvious in adolescence, females suffer from this disorder more than males, and females reach out more.
More unexplainable pains occur as people get older. Typically, younger children complain of only one symptom, commonly abdominal pains or headaches. The older they get, the more varied the pain location as well as more locations and increasing frequency.
Treatment.
The prognosis is worse when there are more areas of pain reported. Treatment may include psychotherapy (with cognitive-behavioral therapy or operant conditioning), medication (often with antidepressants but also with pain medications), and sleep therapy. According to a study performed at the Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine, antidepressants have an analgesic effect on patients suffering from pain disorder. In a randomized, placebo-controlled antidepressant treatment study, researchers found that "antidepressants decreased pain intensity in patients with psychogenic pain or somatoform pain disorder significantly more than placebo". Prescription and nonprescription pain medications do not help and can actually hurt if the patient suffers side effects or develops an addiction. Instead, antidpressants and talk therapy are recommended. CBT helps patients learn what worsens the pain, how to cope, and how to function in their life while handling the pain. Antidepressants work against the pain and worry. Unfortunately, many people do not believe the pain "is all in their head," so they refuse such treatments. Other techniques used in the management of chronic pain may also be of use; these include massage, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, trigger point injections, surgical ablation, and non-interventional therapies such as meditation, yoga, and music and art therapy.
Beginning treatment.
Before treating a patient, a psychologist must learn as many facts as possible about the patient and the situation. A history of physical symptoms and a psychosocial history help narrow down possible correlations and causes. Psychosocial history covers the family history of disorders and worries about illnesses, chronically ill parents, stress and negative life events, problems with family functioning, and school difficulties (academic and social).
These indicators may reveal whether there is a connection between stress-inducing events and an onset or increase in pain, and the removal in one leading to the removal in the other. They also may show if the patient gains something from being ill and how their reported pain matches medical records.
Physicians may refer a patient to a psychologist after conducting medical evaluations, learning about any psychosocial problems in the family, discussing possible connections of pain with stress, and assuring the patient that the treatment will be a combination between medical and psychological care. Psychologists must then do their best to find a way to measure the pain, perhaps by asking the patient to put it on a number scale. Pain questionnaires, screening instruments, interviews, and inventories may be conducted to discover the possibility of somatoform disorders. Projective tests may also be used.
Prevention.
Early intervention when pain first occurs or begins to become chronic offers the best opportunity for prevention of pain disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="2872548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872548" title="S. Scott Bullock">
S. Scott Bullock

Stuart Scott Bullock (born May 7, 1956), best known as S. Scott Bullock, is an American actor and voice actor, known for such roles as "Edgar, the Jersey Cow" ("Barnyard: The Original Party Animals", "Back at the Barnyard"), Thunder in ("Teen Titans"), Captain Bones and Lens McCracken ("Crashbox"), Lamont ("Gargoyles"), King Goobot V ('), "Primarch Galenth Dysley" / "Barthandelus" ("Final Fantasy XIII"), and "Hades" (').
He also supplied the voice of Mr. Elliot in "Invader Zim", Dash Baxter in "Danny Phantom", and Dr. Damage in "Butt-Ugly Martians". Bullock also appeared on camera in films and shows, such as "Defending Your Life" as Daniel's Father, and "Murder, She Wrote" as a taxi driver, and "Life Stinks" as an outraged party guest. Bullock is the great nephew of writer, composer, and lyricist Walter Bullock.

</doc>
<doc id="2872553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872553" title="Rosemarkie">
Rosemarkie

Rosemarkie (, from meaning "promontory of the horse stream") is a village on the south coast of the Black Isle peninsula in Ross-shire ( Ross and Cromarty ), northern Scotland.
Geography.
Rosemarkie lies a quarter of a mile east of the town of Fortrose. The pair make up the Royal Burgh Of Fortrose and Rosemarkie, situated either side of the Chanonry Ness promontory, about twelve miles north-east of Inverness.
Rosemarkie fronts on a wide, picturesque bay, with views of Fort George and the Moray coastline across the Moray Firth. Rosemarkie has one of the finest beaches on the Moray Firth Coast Line. At the southern end of the beach is Chanonry Point, reputed to be the best location on the United Kingdom mainland from which to see dolphins. 
Rosemarkie is linked to Inverness by fairly irregular bus services, which are provided by Stagecoach Group.
Pictish stones.
Rosemarkie is probably best known for its collection of finely carved Pictish stones, which is one of the largest in Scotland at a single site. These 8th-9th century sculptures, found in and around the village churchyard, are displayed in the Groam House Museum, a converted 18th-century town-house on the High Street (open in summer; entrance charge). These carved stones are evidence for a major early monastery at Rosemarkie, founded by, or associated with, Saint Moluag (d. 592) and Boniface, otherwise known as Curetán (fl. early 8th century). The sculptures include cross-slabs, shrine fragments and architectural pieces. One small fragment of a stone from Rosemarkie is in the Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="2872565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872565" title="Starfire (board wargame)">
Starfire (board wargame)

Starfire is a board wargame (a "4X," eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXterminate) simulating space warfare and empire building in the 23rd century, created by Stephen V. Cole in 1979.
Starfire editions.
The "Starfire" game is currently published by the Starfire Design Studio (SDS), but was formerly published by Task Force Games. There are six editions of the "Starfire" Game.
1st Edition.
The first edition consisted of three products: "Starfire" (1979), "Starfire II" (1980), and "Starfire III: Empires" (1981); the first by Stephen V. Cole; the second by Barry A Jacobs, and the last one by the notable military science fiction writer David Weber. Later versions combined the first two into "Tactical Starfire", and the third was largely rewritten as "Strategic Starfire".
2nd Edition: "Starfire".
"Starfire, 2nd Edition" (or sometimes known as boxed starfire...) (1984) is a game of sublight space combat on the small-fleet scale. Speed of play is often touted as an advantage of the system; it does have a major advantage in fleet handling over "Star Fleet Battles" (Steve Cole's other starship wargame at the time), but there are many other games around of similar handling time to "Starfire". "Starfire" is one of the few games in which the player has nearly complete design control of his spaceships. 
"Starfire, 2nd Edition" is based on the original version of "Starfire", and on its sequel "Starfire II". The rules booklet is divided into "modules" (Module A is an introduction to the game series; Module B is titled Starfire and replaces Starfire + module C is titled "Strikefighter" and replaces Starfire II"). The 2nd edition product line continued with "Starfire New Empires" (1985), the first strategic-level game in the series, and "The Gorm-Khanate War" (1986) which was a campaign game utilising Starfire New Empires for the strategic part of the campaign, and Starfire, 2nd Edition for the tactical battles.
"Starfire New Empires" is a game of building a space empire, inspired by the original "Starfire III: Empires". Players must decide what to invest their income in (colonization, R&D, trade, military, exploration, etc.) to determine both the nature of their empires and their ability to survive and conquer.
3rd Edition.
The 3rd Edition of Starfire is a boxed version called "Starfire" (I.e. "Tactical Starfire") while the Strategic Component is called "Imperial Starfire". These, along with "Stars at War" and "Crusade" were written by David Weber and produced by Task Force Games. TFG also produced "Sky Marshal #1", "Alkelda Dawn", and "First Contact".
Thereafter, the Starfire rights were sold to Starfire Design Studio (SDS). SDS updated the Tactical Rules with the 3rd Edition Revised manual (3rdR). Sky Marshall #2 updated the Imperial Starfire rules making them more usable. SDS also released "Interstellar War #4: Arachnids (ISW-4)" (electronic only), which was written by David Weber and sold to SDS in a preliminary form by TFG; "Insurrection" (electronic only) is based on the book of the same name by David Weber and Steve White; and "Shipyard" is a computer program to speed the designing of ships. "Admiral's Challenge" is a small scale Strategic Game (actually more of an operational level game) that uses the tactical rules to resolve battles.
There was also a freeware 'campaign assistant' named Starfire Assistant, by a player in England. It started out with approval from the SDS but due to changes and additions not supported by the core rules it fell out of favor. It automated most of the record-keeping of the campaign game, leaving only actual combat needing maps and counters. It also allowed PBEM, or play-by-email, campaigns.
4th Edition: "Galactic Starfire".
The 4th edition of Starfire is called "Galactic Starfire". This edition combines all the rules (Tactical and Strategic) back into a single rulebook, and replaces the earlier system of Technology Levels with Tech Trees. It is one of the few printed products released by the Starfire Design Studio. "Elite" (PDF) is a supplement to Galactic Starfire.
5th Edition: "ULTRA Starfire".
The 5th edition of Starfire is called "ULTRA Starfire". It is a single complete PDF manual of roughly 375 pages. The manual is one of the most integrated rulebooks in the gaming industry with every reference hotlinked to the referenced rule. This rulebook is updated directly and an entirely new set of integrated rules sent to the owners quarterly.
The Ultra edition includes 50 levels of technologies and rules covering Tactical Combat, Ship Design, Squadrons and Carriers, Galaxy Creation (e.g. the map), Empire Building, Surveying, Intelligence Gathering, R&D, Political Treaties and Alliances, Non-Player Races (NPR), and NPR governments (so that each NPR acts differently). Likewise, optional Technologies, Galactic Oddities, Random Events, and finally a set of rules for the creation of races that can live on gas giants, hot planets, cold planets and in the vacuum of space.
6th Edition: "Solar Starfire".
The 6th edition of Starfire is called "Solar Starfire" and was released in 2012 in both PDF and CD formats.
Gameplay and Strategy.
The game involves maneuvering ships into optimum range for their own weapon systems to destroy enemy ships. This is not always easy, as each ship's movement is limited by its speed and ability to turn, and the impulse based movement system that has players moving almost simultaneously. Each ship also has its own unique assortment of systems, including shields, armor and weapons, which are destroyed by enemy fire in a specific order, so part of the strategy involves choosing which enemy ships to target based on which enemy systems a player wishes to destroy. Some weapons have a better chance to hit and inflict different damage at different ranges, and some weapons have the ability to bypass shields and/or armor. When point based ship creation is allowed, a new layer of strategy is added, not just in which systems one chooses to put on one's ships but also the order in which they are arrayed and thus destroyed under fire.
Some elements of the game are similar to that of Star Fleet Battles, which was also created by Task Force Games in 1979, including the impulse based movement system and a ship sheet with shields, armor and weapons that are destroyed in a specific order. As mentioned previously, Starfire is a much simpler, faster-player game, not including such elements as ship speeds that carry over from turn to turn and weapon and shield facings which are included in SFB. It also lacks the concept of defining speeds over shorter intervals than one turn, and this eases the elimination of advance plotting of movement.
Races.
Though the game emphasizes custom designed ships, an official setting was provided, along with star-faring nations to populate it.
Arachnid Omnivoracity - As the name implies, the Omnivoracity was made up of large creatures with a resemblance to spiders. While the Arachnids were intelligent, communication with them was found to be completely impossible. As a result, little is known about them other than the fact that they were quite advanced, and considered all other intelligent races to be food sources (and, in fact, treated captured subject populations much the way a herder treats sheep or cows). Due to physiological limitations, the Arachnids were completely incapable of operating strikefighters, though they did develop a gunboat-style vessel to compensate for this. The first encounter between Federation and Arachnid vessels led to Interstellar War 4. As with the Rigellians, the attitude of the Arachnids toward other races made peace impossible, and all known Arachnid worlds were destroyed by bombardment from space by the combined fleets of the Alliance - save one small colony hidden, isolated from its homeworld by a hidden warp point. Interstellar War 4 and the fate of the Arachnids is described in the novels "In Death Ground" and "The Shiva Option".
Empire of Gormus - The Gorm are a race of hairless centauroids that discovered the Khanate shortly after Interstellar War 2, and came to the conclusion that the Khanate would soon attack them. As a result, the Gorm decided to strike first. The war was eventually ended in favor of the Khanate, but the Gorm impressed the Khanate sufficiently for the Khanate to allow the Gorm to continue as an effectively autonomous client state with minimal interference from the Khanate. Gorm have an unusually high radiation tolerance, and as a result are able to "tune" their engines for longer periods of time than other races. This practice causes the engines to emit radiation that can prove harmful over a period of time, but also allows the starship to move faster while the engines are being tuned. Due to their size, they are unable to operate strikefighters.
J'rill Directorate - The J'rill were a race of cybernetic brainships. They were originally created to act as cybernetic rulers of their star empire, who were expected to be able to act impartially. But too much time out of the body led to the leadership losing their humanity. Inhumane acts began to occur because the Directors viewed them as the most practical choices. The subjects eventually revolted, but the J'rill had control of nearly every computer at this point, and the subjects were punished for their revolt by being completely wiped out. A J'rill ship used a single brain to control all functions instead of a normal starship crew. Each "fleet" would be centered around a single ship that contained that fleet's director. Other ships within the fleet would be operated by brains that had been conditioned for the tasks needed (so that, for instance, a brain on one of the small J'rill suicide ships wouldn't refuse to obey an order to ram an enemy ship and blow up). The J'rill suddenly appeared during the middle of the war between the Kess and the Vestrii. The fleets encountered had no planets of their own, and appeared to be interested in harvesting populated worlds for raw materials (including the body parts of the local inhabitants). The J'rill only ceased to be a threat when new fleets suddenly quit appearing on the edge of Alkelda space.
Kess Dominion - The Kess were a four-armed, red-skinned race that developed around their state religion. They spread their religion to other races through "Chapter-Missions" that were created from elements of the church, the starfleet, and the marines. Races that refused to convert were punished - frequently by complete xenocide of the race. The Kess is known at this point primarily because Chapter-Mission Koshgari - I - 4 became lost in a nebula, and eventually stumbled across the Vestrii in their original home. Attempts to convert the Vestrii did not go well, but what the Kess hadn't realized is that the initial Vestrii world that they discovered was only a small colony of a larger nation. The Kess attempted to forcefully convert the entire nation using their initial technological edge, but the Vestrii were able to catch up in time to build a fleet that could push the Kess out of their space. The Chapter-Mission eventually gave up and found its way back to Kess space, hoping to get reinforcements. But the Kess had already been swept away by the same aliens that would eventually drive the Vestrii from their homes.
Khanate of Orion - A race of humanoid felines that believes strongly in honor and fighting, the Khanate was the first empire encountered by the Federation. The Khanate and the Federation clashed during Interstellar Wars 1 and 2, but new leadership and a common enemy during Interstellar War 3 brought the two enemies together as allies. They have remained on good terms since that time.
Ophiuchi Association - The Ophiuchi are a race of humanoid avians who excel in strikefighter combat due to genetic traits inherited from their flight-capable ancestors. The Association is composed of multiple races, but the Ophiuchi are the dominant race and make up the majority of its membership. The Ophiuchi first encountered both the Federation and the Khanate during the first battle of Interstellar War 2. While initially hostile to both nations, the Ophiuchi eventually chose to align themselves with the Federation, providing them with a decisive edge and bringing the fighting to a close. They have remained close to the Federation ever since then. Unlike the other races, the Ophiuchi inhabit a pocket of space with warp points that lead exclusively to dead end systems, or to systems occupied by foreign powers. As a result, they are unable to expand the space under their control.
Rigellians - The Rigellians were a xenophobic race that had a passing resemblance to humanoid badgers. The Rigellians attacked all races that they encountered, and killed the inhabitants of any planets that they conquered. Several less developed races were encountered and destroyed before the Rigellians simultaneously came into contact with the Federation and the Khanate in Interstellar War 3. Initially, the Rigellians had an advantage due to their exclusive use of strikefighters. But the other two nations were able to quickly develop their own designs, and the massive weight of numbers against the Rigellians eventually caused their defeat. Due to the genocidal tactics used by the Rigellians during ISW-3, it was decided that the only way to bring a real end to the war was to bomb every Rigellian world encountered, and the Rigellians were nearly destroyed as a race. The only known survivors were on a planet belatedly discovered some time later. The Rigellians on that world had fallen back to a pre-space level of technology, but were just as xenophobic as they had been when they flew through the cosmos. Interstellar War 3 marked the first time that the Terrans, Orions, Gorm, and Ophiuchi all fought on the same side as the "Grand Alliance".
Star Union, The - A collection of races banded together in one empire. The Crucians were the first race, and are the most dominant race within the Union, so humans and others often append "of Crucis" to The Star Union's name. The Star Union encountered the Arachnids before humanity, but were able to avoid subjugation because the section of Union space that bordered the Omnivoracity was filtered through a closed warp point (a warp point that could only be detected from one side). The Star Union erased all evidence of the warp point on the side facing the Omnivoracity, and were able to safely withdraw through it - though this led to the loss of the homeworld of one of the races (none of the Union races knew what the Arachnids did to captured subjects at that point in time). During the 4th Interstellar War, Alliance survey ships stumbled into Star Union space, helping the Union Star Navy (USN) survive the Arachnid onslaught with considerable technological assistance, prior to the USN's offensive to breakthrough to Alliance space.
Tangri Corsairs - A race of centauroids with a clan structure. The different clans all have their own colony worlds, and are able to operate somewhat autonomously of each other. The homeworld has exclusive control of strikefighters and carriers, and acts as the united front for the clans when needed. Tangri view other races as unintelligent creatures that ape true intelligence (and it is noted that there are actually creatures on the homeworld of the Tangri that truly do exhibit this sort of behavior). Because of this, Tangri view themselves as the "Raider Supremes" of the galaxy, and feel that it is their right to plunder and pillage any colonies and starships of the other races that they come across. However, the Tangri realize that they must be careful to limit themselves, as the other races will only tolerate so much piracy. For instance, the Tangri originally appeared during Interstellar War 4, when they launched a huge raid on the Khanate. Because of this sudden threat, the Khanate assembled a fleet which backtracked the Tangri, and smashed the base that they originated from. The Tangri claimed it was all a mistake, and because of the more pressing Arachnid threat the Khanate accepted this claim. Since then, raids have been smaller, with all nations suffering as a result of Tangri depredations, but too weary of war to want to gather the forces necessary to finally resolve the Tangri problem once and for all.
Terran Federation - The Terran Federation is composed of humans from Earth. The Federation enforces a strict non-interventionist policy in the affairs of pre-starflight races within its borders, and as a result, humans are the only race represented by the Federation. The Federation has fought one civil war, as detailed in the novel Insurrection.
Founded in the late 21st century, the Terran Federation is a federal republic, originally consisting of the nations of Earth, then, as humanity spread throughout the galaxy, its colony worlds. The Federation has seen several waves of expansion, most of them coinciding with or happening in the aftermath of interstellar conflict. There are three major political/astrographical blocs within the Federation: the Heart Worlds, consisting of the oldest and richest planets, including Terra itself; the Corporate Worlds, strategically located systems dominated by major corporations and industrial combines; and the Fringe Worlds, the systems out in the frontier, which tend to be the last refuge for iconoclasts and peoples wishing to preserve their ethnic identities.
The Terran Federation is the largest and wealthiest power in the Starfire universe (as of the end of the 4th Interstellar War, 2370, in David Weber's "The Shiva Option"), a fact that garners mixed admiration and resentment among the other galactic powers. The Federation fought several wars with the Khanate of Orion during the 23rd century, until the events of the 3rd Interstellar War forced them to ally against the genocidal Rigellian hordes. Since then, the Federation and Khanate have had a mostly friendly relationship, further solidified by the horrific experiences of the 4th Interstellar War in the late 24th century.
Thebans - An alien race from the other side of an unexplored warp point near the Federation/Khanate border. Due to an odd confluence of events, the Thebans worshiped the planet Earth as "Holy Terra", and claimed to be Terrans. They embarked on a vicious campaign to "free" humanity and "return" them to the worship of Holy Terra. Despite initial Theban successes, the Federation ultimately prevailed. The peace treaty following the war invoked severe limits on the Thebans, and prohibited them from building their own starships. Details on the Theban War can be found in the novel "Crusade".
Umbra of Vestrii - The Vestrii are a race with an unusual physical structure composed largely of nerve clusters and bundles. They subsist on food and minerals that most races would find inedible. When dealing with other races, they typically use humanoid shells that are designed to resemble the other races (particularly humans), though no one would ever mistake one of these shells for an actual member of that race at anything other than very long distances. The Vestrii did not originate in our part of the galaxy. Instead, they are refugees driven from their homes in the Alkelda sector by an alien race that gave them the options of assimilation (with the resulting loss of Vestrii culture) or extinction. The Vestrii decided to pick a third option - flight. They ran through a series of unstable warp points and eventually used a captured piece of prototype equipment that collapsed the warp point behind them. They eventually settled in the area of space previously inhabited by the Rigellians and Arachnids, and after careful observation decided that the Terran Federation might make good allies. To demonstrate their good will, the Vestrii embarked on an anti-piracy campaign against the Tangri. Tangri complaints (and the possibility of another large war) eventually caused the other races to intercede diplomatically, and the Vestrii were eventually welcomed into the local area of the galaxy. One noteworthy point about the Vestrii is that all of their technology was originally quite different from the technology used by the members of the Alliance. Alliance technology had developed as a result of the different races building off of each other either to improve known weapons or to develop counters to known weapons. The Vestrii had developed away from the Alliance, and had very different weapons, ships, and tactics. In order to hide this from the races of the Alliance, they constructed what is known as the "Sham Fleet", a fleet of warships built from technology that had been hastily reverse-engineered by the Vestrii. While the Vestrii are solid allies and willing to stick with their friends in impossible situations, they also have no problem concealing information and motives from those same allies as the Sham Fleet demonstrates. The write-up of the Vestrii in the Starfire product "Alkelda Dawn" indicates that when the Vestrii first arrived, they concealed much information from the Alliance. This information was revealed during something called "The Second Visitation" during the "Battle of Corcyra". What a "visitation" is, what the Battle of Corcyra involved, and what this information was is currently unknown, although the write-up suggests that it may somehow be tied to either the Kess or J'rill.
Books.
There have been five novels published based on the Starfire universe, written by Steve White. Between 1990 and 2002, David Weber and Steve White co-authored a tetralogy of science fiction novels set in the game universe. They are, in publication order, "Insurrection" (1990), "Crusade" (1992), "In Death Ground" (1997), "The Shiva Option" (2002). "The Shiva Option" made the New York Times bestseller list. "Crusade" and "In Death Ground" was later published as an omnibus edition "The Stars At War" (2004). "The Shiva Option" and "Insurrection" was later published as an omnibus edition "The Stars At War II" (2005). A follow-up novel, "Exodus", co-written by Steve White and Shirley Meier was released in December 2006. The latest novel, "Extremis", was co-written by Steven White and Charles E. Gannon and published in May 2011.
Besides these professionally written novels, numerous Web sites contain fan fiction written by "Starfire" players.
In chronological order of events within the books:
Ordering with the omnibus editions:

</doc>
<doc id="2872567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872567" title="Mark Moseley">
Mark Moseley

Mark DeWayne Moseley (born March 12, 1948 in Laneville, Texas) is a former professional American football placekicker in the National Football League (NFL) who played for the Philadelphia Eagles (1970), the Houston Oilers (1971–1972), the Washington Redskins (1974–1986), and the Cleveland Browns (1986). He won the Most Valuable Player Award during the strike-shortened 1982 season. He is the only special teams player and the only placekicker to win the award.
Career.
With the retirement of the Minnesota Vikings' Rick Danmeier in 1982, Moseley became the sole full-time straight on placekicker in the National Football League; there has only been one other (Dirk Borgognone, who played two games in 1995) since then. In the 1960s, the newer soccer style was introduced by the Hungarian brothers Pete and Charlie Gogolak, and it became increasingly popular.
In the strike-shortened 1982 season, Moseley made 20 of 21 field goals, a then-record 95.2 success rate, and he became the only kicker to ever win the Associated Press NFL Most Valuable Player. In the Washington Redskins' 27-17 victory in Super Bowl XVII over the Miami Dolphins, Moseley kicked two field goals and was successful on all three of his extra point attempts. During the following season, he led the NFL in scoring with 161 points.
In 1986, the popular 38-year old Moseley was released by the Washington Redskins mid-season. He remains their all-time leading scorer with 1,207 points. He signed with the Cleveland Browns and retired at the end of the season, helping them win their divisional playoff game against the New York Jets with a game winning field goal in double overtime.
In his career, Mark Moseley was successful on 300 out of 457 attempts (65%), successful on 482 out of 512 extra points attempts (94%) and scored a total of 1,382 points.
Biography.
Moseley is a graduate of Livingston High School in Livingston, Texas.
In 1979, Moseley's sister, Pamela Moseley Carpenter, was raped and murdered by Johnny Paul Penry. Penry was sentenced to death for the crime, but after decades of appeals and reversals, he was eventually allowed to accept a plea agreement for life in prison without parole in 2008.
Moseley is now the Director of Franchising for Five Guys. He is married with five children: Shelly, Ellen, Megan, Lindsay, and Mark, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="2872568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872568" title="Dai Sentai Goggle-V">
Dai Sentai Goggle-V

Plot summary.
The Dark Science Empire Desdark launches its scheme for world conquest from their Destopia Castle in Germany. Dr. Hideki Hongo, founder of the Future Science Laboratory, is saved from one of their attacks by world class explorer Kenichi Akama. Using his Computer Boys & Girls, Hongo recruits five people, including Akama, to form the Dai Sentai Goggle-V (Goggle 5), the only force capable of stopping Desdark.
Characters.
Future Science Laboratory.
Goggle-V.
"Fight! Dai Sentai Goggle-V!"("Tatakae! Dai Sentai Gōguru Faibu!")
Like Denziman, their surnames include their color. 
Arsenal.
The team has many combination attacks, such as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the . All are armed with . Notably, the team's weapons include versions of all the apparati used in rhythmic gymnastics, usually distributed by one core member to the others.
Dark Science Empire Desdark.
From the time when iron was discovered in ancient Turkey, the have existed to move the world in the shadows. United by Fuehrer Taboo, they are based from the that launches giant robots from its gate. It is usually underwater, but it can fly. When in flight, its high-power propulsion winds wreak destructive chaos underneath.
Movie.
A Goggle-V movies was released on March 13, 1982 at the Toei Manga Festival. It takes place some time between episodes 8 and 14.

</doc>
<doc id="2872575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872575" title="Oakley Haldeman">
Oakley Haldeman

Oakley Haldeman (July 17, 1909 - December 17, 1986) was a songwriter ("Here Comes Santa Claus"), composer, author and the general manager for a music publisher. He joined ASCAP in 1949, and his other popular-song compositions include "Brush Those Tears From Your Eyes", "I Wish I Had Never Met Sunshine", "Tho' I Tried", "Pretty Mary", "Texas Polka", "Honey Child", "Vic'try Train", "Last Mile", and "Texans Never Cry".

</doc>
<doc id="2872577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872577" title="Alicia Alonso">
Alicia Alonso

Alicia Alonso (born Alicia Ernestina de la Caridad Martínez Hoya; ) is a Cuban prima ballerina assoluta and choreographer. Her company became the Ballet Nacional de Cuba in 1955.
She is most famous for her portrayals of Giselle and the ballet version of "Carmen". From the age of nineteen, Alonso was afflicted with an eye defect and was partially blind. Her partners always had to be in the exact place she expected them to be, and she used lights in different parts of the stage to guide them.
Biography.
Early life.
Alonso was born in Havana, one of two daughters of an army officer and his wife. The family was financially comfortable and lived in a fashionable section of the then-vibrant capital. Alonso revealed at a very early age an affinity for music and dance - her mother could occupy her happily for long periods with just a phonograph, a scarf, and some records. She started dancing at the age of seven and at the age of eight, she studied ballet at Sociedad Pro-Arte Musical in Havana with Sophie Fedorova. A year later she performed publicly for the first time in Tchaikovsky's "Sleeping Beauty". She originally danced in Cuba under the name of Alicia Martínez. 
Rapid progress in her lessons came to an abrupt halt in 1937, when the 16-year-old fell in love with a fellow ballet student, Fernando Alonso, whom she married. After her marriage, she changed her surname to Alonso. The new couple moved to New York City, hoping to begin their professional careers. There they found a home with relatives on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, near Riverside Drive. Alonso gave birth to a daughter, Laura, but managed to continue her training at the School of American Ballet and took private classes. She arranged to travel to London to study with Vera Volkova. Meanwhile, her husband had joined the new Mordkin Ballet Company in New York. 
Vision problems.
After seeing the doctor for worsening vision problems, Alonso was diagnosed in 1941 with a detached retina. She had surgery to correct the problem and was ordered to lie in bed motionless for three months to allow her eyes to heal. Unable to comply completely, Alonso practiced with her feet alone, pointing and stretching to, as she put it, ""keep my feet alive."" When the bandages came off, Alonso was dismayed to find that the operation had not been completely successful. The doctors performed a second surgery, but its failure caused them to conclude that the dancer would never have peripheral vision. Finally, she consented to a third procedure in Havana, but this time was ordered to lay completely motionless in bed for an entire year. She was not permitted to play with Laura, chew food too hard, laugh or cry, or move her head. Her husband sat with her every day, using their fingers to teach her the great dancing roles of classical ballet. From Women in World History, Alonso later recalled of that period, ""I danced in my mind. Blinded, motionless, flat on my back, I taught myself to dance Giselle."" 
Finally, she was allowed to leave her bed, although dancing was still out of the question. Instead, she walked with her dogs and, against doctor's orders, went to the ballet studio down the street every day to begin practicing again. Then, just as her hope was returning, Alonso was injured when a hurricane shattered a door in her home, spraying glass splinters onto her head and face. Amazingly, her eyes were not injured. When her doctor saw this, he cleared Alonso to begin dancing, figuring that if she could survive an explosion of glass, dancing would do no harm.
Back to work.
Nearly mad with impatience and still partially blind, Alonso traveled back to New York in 1943 to begin rebuilding her skills. However, before she had barely settled, out of the blue she was asked to dance Giselle to replace the Ballet Theatre's injured "prima" ballerina. Alonso accepted and gave such a performance that the critics immediately declared her a star. She was promoted to principal dancer of the company in 1946 and danced the role of Giselle until 1948, also performing in "Swan Lake", Antony Tudor's "Undertow" (1943), Balanchine's "Theme and Variations" (1947), and in such world premieres as deMille's dramatic ballet "Fall River Legend" (1948), in which she starred as the Accused. By this time in her career, she had developed a reputation as an intensely dramatic dancer, as well as an ultra-pure technician and a supremely skilled interpreter of classical and romantic repertories.
Alonso's longtime dance partnership with the Ballet Theatre's Igor Youskevitch has been compared to that of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Youskevitch and her other partners quickly became expert at helping Alonso conceal her handicap. To compensate for only partial sight in one eye and no peripheral vision, the ballerina trained her partners to be exactly where she needed them without exception. She also had the set designers install strong spotlights in different colors to serve as guides for her movements. Alonso knew, for instance, that if she stepped into the glow of the spotlights near the front of the stage, she was getting too close to the orchestra pit. There was also a thin wire stretched across the edge of the stage at waist height as another marker for her, but in general she danced within the encircling arms of her partners and was led by them from point to point. Audiences were reportedly never the wiser as they watched the prima ballerina. 
A new endeavor in Havana.
Alonso's desire to develop ballet in Cuba led her to return to Havana in 1948 to found her own company, the "Alicia Alonso Ballet Company", which she maintained with little financial support, this company eventually became Ballet Nacional de Cuba. Fernando was general director of the company, which was at that time composed mainly of Ballet Theater dancers temporarily out of work due to a reorganization in the New York company. Fernando's brother Alberto, a choreographer, served as artistic director for the company. 
The company debuted briefly in the capital and then departed for a tour of South America. The performances were a hit with audiences everywhere, but Alonso found herself funding the company with her savings to keep it going despite donations from wealthy families and a modest subsidy from the Cuban Ministry of Education. Meanwhile, she commuted between Havana and New York to recruit the world's best teachers to train her new students. She remained a sought-after prima ballerina during this hectic time, dancing twice in Russia in 1952 and then producing and starring in "Giselle" for the Paris Opéra Ballet in 1953. 
From 1955-59, Alonso danced annually with the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo as guest star. She was the first dancer of the Western Hemisphere to perform in the Soviet Union, and the first American representative to dance with the Bolshoi and Kirov Theaters of Moscow and Leningrad (St. Petersburg) respectively in 1957 and 1958. During the decades to follow Alicia Alonso had cross-world tours through West and East European countries, Asia, North and South America, and she danced as guest star with the Opera de Paris, the Royal Danish Ballet, the Bolshoi and with other companies. She staged versions of "Giselle", "Pas de Quatre", and "Sleeping Beauty" for the Paris Opera. She staged "Giselle" at the Vienna State Opera and the San Carlo Theater of Naples, Italy, as well as "La Fille Mal Gardée" at the Prague State Opera, and "Sleeping Beauty" at La Scala, Milan, Italy. 
Political change in Cuba.
Alonso worked with the Ballet Russe until 1959, during which time she performed in a 10-week tour of the Soviet Union, dancing in "Giselle", the Leningrad Opera Ballet's "Path of Thunder", and other pieces. Her performances earned her the coveted Dance Magazine Award in 1958. 
Return to Cuba.
Cuba in the 1950s was the center of modern Latin American entertainment and art. When Fidel Castro took power from the Batista government on 1 January 1959, Castro vowed to increase funding to the nation's languishing cultural programs. Encouraged by this sudden change and eager to see her homeland from which she was never exiled and to which she had always been permitted to return, Alonso returned to Cuba and in March 1959 received $200,000 in funding to form a new dance school, to be called the "Ballet Nacional de Cuba", along with a guarantee of annual financial support. 
Alonso has since described receiving a message from Castro in 1958 sent from the Sierra Maestra inviting her to head the company upon the triumph of the July 26 Movement. Alonso officially founded the school in 1960, and within several years her dancers were winning international dance competitions.
Disappearance from American artistic scene.
Due to Alonso's affiliation with the new regime in Havana, U.S. audiences largely turned their backs on the prima ballerina. In addition, as with the Russian ballet companies, exposure to western audiences would promote defectors who would cause huge embarrassment to the Soviet Union, so the Cuban government from the 1960s through the 1980s did not allow Cubans to performm in the U.S. and monitored anyone with contacts outside Cuba via phone cables and letters. Alonso's company, however, continued to build its powers and achievements in both Eastern and Western Europe. In 1967 and 1971 she performed in Canada, where reviewers noted that Alonso was still the greatest ballerina of her time. When the Vietnam War ended and Richard Nixon left the presidency, Fidel Castro permitted Alonso to perform again in the United States in 1975 and 1976. An American reviewer said of the dancer, then 54 years old and a grandmother, ""she creates more sexual promise than ballerinas half her age."" 
Ended days of dancing and beyond Alonso's career.
Alonso danced solos in Europe and elsewhere well into her 70s. She continued to serve as the director of the Ballet Nacional de Cuba until the early 21st-century. Numerous books have been written on the ballerina, including "Alicia Alonso: At Home and Abroad" (1970), "Alicia Alonso: The Story of a Ballerina" (1979), "Alicia Alonso: A Passionate Life of Dance" (1984) and "Alicia Alonso: First Lady of the Ballet" (1993). During a November 2003 on-stage interview prior to a Cuban National Ballet performance in San Diego, California, she exclaimed, ""I'm so happy to be here. And I'm happy whenever I'm on the stage. The stage is where a dancer should be, even if it's only to walk or sit. I am at home on the stage."" 
As director and leading dancer of the Ballet Nacional de Cuba, she has taught many now notable dancers in Cuba and beyond. Some former students are now dancing at the American Ballet Theatre, the Boston Ballet, the San Francisco Ballet, the Washington Ballet, the Cincinnati Ballet and the Royal Ballet, among others. In June 2002 she was designated UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for her outstanding contribution to the development, preservation and popularisation of classical dance and for her devotion to the art-form.

</doc>
<doc id="2872585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872585" title="Adam Kuckhoff">
Adam Kuckhoff

Adam Kuckhoff (30 August 1887 in Aachen – 5 August 1943) was a German writer, journalist, and German resistance fighter against the Third Reich.
Adam Kuckhoff published a popular edition of the works of Georg Büchner in 1927, and headed the cultural-political magazine "Die Tat" ("The Deed") in 1928-1929, which he gave a left-wing, democratic flavour. In 1931, he wrote the artistic novel "Scherry" about Grock. In 1931-1932, he was a dramatic adviser at the Berlin Schauspielhaus. His main work, the world war novel "Der Deutsche von Bayencourt" ("The German from Bayencourt") appeared in Germany in 1937.
He and his wife Greta were involved with Arvid and Mildred Harnack and the Red Orchestra. He was arrested in Prague on 12 September 1942, following the arrests of Harnack and many other members of the organization. He was executed at Plötzensee Prison on 5 August 1943.
In East Germany, Kuckhoff was honoured as a resistance fighter. In Leipzig-Grünau a school was named after him. It bore his name from 1985 to 1990. In his home town Aachen a street was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2872586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872586" title="Tsundere">
Tsundere

Terminology.
Manga author Ken Akamatsu lists "tsundere" as one of the special cases in his definition of moe: "The person feeling it must be stronger: The object of "moe" is weak and dependent (like a child) on the person, or is in a situation where she cannot oppose (like a maid)... (*Tsundere only: There will be times where the stronger and weaker role is reversed)." The concept has received increasing attention in Japan, with a tsundere cafe opened in Akihabara and tsundere-themed products released (like Tomy Co.'s portable television set), and the concept increasingly reflected in recent anime, from an extended discussion of the meaning of the concept and its origin on the Internet in "Lucky Star"'s Lucky Channel segment classifying the characters according to tsundere-ness. Another accepted definition of "tsundere" is a girl or a guy who has a combative attitude toward others but is also kind on the inside. She usually plays out as having an attitude toward the main character, usually a male, and often criticizing him in one way or another, but as the series progresses she eventually warms up to him or falls in love with him, though usually finds it very hard to admit it or outright denies it in some cases.
Comiket organizer Koichi Ichikawa has described Lum Invader of "Urusei Yatsura" as being both the source of moe and the first tsundere; figurine sculptor Bome has also cited Lum as an inspiration for his designs. Other anime and manga featuring "tsundere" include "Love Hina", "Neon Genesis Evangelion", and "Bakemonogatari", among many others. Some voice actors, such as Rie Kugimiya, specialize in portraying "tsundere", as with the character Taiga Aisaka in "Toradora!". In "Excel Saga" volume 15, Rikdo Koshi defines "tsundere" as "hard on the outside, soft on the inside" and associates it with character Misaki Matsuya.
"Tsundere" as a concept is not strictly limited to women, and is not strictly limited to manga or anime. The character from the series "" is portrayed as being "tsundere", and is paired with a "lovable loser", . These characters represent their respective countries; thus the implication is that Germany, the country, is "tsundere". Tsundere role-play has become a common theme in maid cafés.

</doc>
<doc id="2872588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872588" title="352d Fighter Group">
352d Fighter Group

The 352d Fighter Group was one of the most highly decorated USAAF Fighter Groups in World War II, producing many leading aces of the war. The 352d was composed of three squadrons: (the 328th, 486th and 487th Fighter Squadrons). Once deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO), the group was eventually headquartered in Bodney, England before being forward deployed to Belgium. It performed a variety of missions for the Eighth Air Force, but predominantly served as bomber escort. After the war the unit was transferred to the District of Columbia Air National Guard and redesignated the 113th Fighter Group.
History.
Activation and initial training.
The 352d Fighter Group was activated at Bradley Field, CT, on 1 October 1942 and equipped with the Republic P-47 Thunderbolt fighter. The initial squadrons assigned were the 21st and 34th squadrons (under the command of 1st Lieutenant John C. Meyer) that dated back to 1917 and had participated in the defense of the Philippines, as well as the newly activated 328th. On 18 May 1943 the 21st and 34th were redesignated the 486th and 487th fighter squadrons.
The group absorbed new personnel moving several times from Bradley Field to Westover Field, MA in November and then to Trumbull, CT in January 1943 where it received the majority of personnel in late while continuing to acquire its personnel, supplies and aircraft to begin training for eventual deployment. Once aircraft were received and pilots proficient, the squadrons were assigned to alert duty over New York City operating out of LaGuardia Airport where pilots often performed acrobatic maneuvers on takeover much to chagrin of the tower, routinely buzzed Yankee Stadium and engaged in dogfights over the city thereby garnering attention of authorities. Shortly thereafter, likely due to their antics at La Guardia, the 328th was moved to Mitchel Field in February being joined by the 34th in March. The 21st was moved to Farmingdale, NY on 8 March. Training was in its advanced phase when the group was reassembled at Westover Field, MA in late May in anticipation of deployment orders. The order to deploy arrived in June and the group moved to Camp Kilmer, NJ to prepare to embark aboard the ocean liner "Queen Elizabeth" leaving on 1 July 1943 for Scotland and service with the Eighth Air Force.
Combat operations.
The first missions of the 352d FG were flown on 9 September 1943 when the Thunderbolts flew an escort mission over the North Sea protecting B-17 Flying Fortress bombers returning from a raid over continental Europe. Skirmishes with the Luftwaffe were frequent, but it wasn't until 26 November when Major John C. Meyer of the 487th FS scored the Group's first victory over Europe – a Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighter. Meyer later became deputy commander of the 352d during its most successful period of operations.
On 8 April 1944, the 352d exchanged their radial-engined P-47s for sleek North American P-51 Mustang fighter planes. It was then that the Group adopted their unique blue nose marking. It is legend among aviation historians that the German Luftwaffe referred to the 352d as the "Blue Nosed Bastards of Bodney." Whether this is true or not is irrelevant because indeed, the 352d FG was undoubtedly successful. In the end, the Group flew nearly 60,000 combat hours in 19 months, claimed 519 enemy aircraft destroyed in the air (4th highest among the 15 groups of VIII Fighter Command), 287 on the ground and produced 26 aerial aces for losses in combat of 118 aircraft. Notable pilots of the 352d include top scoring P-51 aces Major George Preddy and Col. John C. Meyer, Captain Donald S. Bryan, Lt. Robert "Punchy" Powell, Capt. John "Smokey" Stover, Capt. John Thornell, Capt. William C. Miller, Capt. Raymond Littge and Capt. William T. Whisner.
New Year's Day 1945 at Y-29.
One of the 352d's greatest accomplishments was its huge victory over the Luftwaffe on 1 January 1945. In December 1944, the 352d received orders to deploy to a remote field in Belgium designated "Y-29", approximately 3 miles south-southeast of As. After arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th. Poor weather hampered flight operations and the Battle of Bulge was raging nearby. Unknown to the Allies, the Luftwaffe was preparing a New Year's Day attack designated "Operation Bodenplatte" against sixteen forward deployed Allied airfields in the area. Similar to the preparations for the Battle of Bulge, the Luftwaffe had been quietly preparing and assembling virtually every available Luftwaffe fighter on the Western Front and had an estimated 800 fighters and fighter bombers ready to execute an attack when `the Allies might be off guard following celebration of New Year's Eve. The concept was simple – a mass attack on newly established continental bases to destroy as many Allied aircraft on the ground and ease the pressure on the embattled ground forces engaged in the battle of the Bulge. However, many of the Luftwaffe pilots were poorly trained and did not have the experience necessary to battle seasoned Allied pilots.
John C. Meyer had risen to be Deputy Commander of the 352d by December and was now a lieutenant colonel. He suspected that the Germans might use New Year's Day as an opportunity to attack and decided to have Y-29 in readiness when the sun rose. While haggling with higher authorities at Ninth Air Force throughout the night, he ordered a squadron assigned to do a morning sweep and ordered the pilots not to engage in any alcoholic celebration the night prior. Although he did not get permission until 0800, he joined the 487th Fighter Squadron of the 352d in the frigid cold of the snowy weather at 0530 preflighting their Mustangs and was sitting in the cockpit of the lead aircraft. As the Mustangs were awaiting take-off for the morning patrol, their airfield was overrun with Luftwaffe fighters from Jagdgeschwader 11.
Nevertheless, when the group of 50+ Bodenplatte aircraft of JG11 showed up over Y-29, the 12 blue-nosed Mustangs of the 487 FS were cueing for take-off with Lt. Col. Meyer in the lead Mustang. While accelerating down the snow-packed runway, Lt. Col. Meyer opened the account by shooting down a German fighter in a head-on pass as it tried to strafe a parked C-47 next to the runway. The German had not noticed the P-51 taking off. Meyer began firing before his wheels fully retracted and downed the marauding Fw-190. Though surrounded by strafing fighters, every one of the 487th FS got off the ground to meet their attackers.
In the battle that followed, 24 Luftwaffe fighters were destroyed by the 352d FG. However, one pilot – Lt. Dean Huston – was forced to belly his P-51 after its cooling system was holed from the fire of zealous British anti-aircraft gunners. Two pilots of the 487th claimed 4 German fighters shot down. The 487th received the Distinguished Unit Citation. Meyer, Capt. Stanford Moats, and Capt. William T. Whisner, who scored his fourth while his Mustang was starting to overheat from battle damage, were each awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and four other pilots were award the Silver Star. Despite 352d Fighter Group losing a couple of aircraft to battle damage, not a single pilot was lost during the New Year's Day battle. But the tragedy of war was never far away. During the afternoon of the same day, 1 January 1945, fighters of the 328FS were patrolling the skies above Asche when they spotted what they thought were four inbound enemy aircraft. Due to static on the radio communications with the 328FS, identification of the aircraft came too late, and one of the approaching aircraft was shot down, crashing near the village of Zutendall. The aircraft turned out to be RAF Hawker Typhoons of 183rd Squadron from Gilze-Rijen on their way to their new base at Chievres. The pilot who was killed in the Typhoon that was shot down was F/Lt. Don Webber.

</doc>
<doc id="2872592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872592" title="Gueudecourt">
Gueudecourt

Gueudecourt is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
History.
During the Battle of the Somme, the town of Gueudecourt had comprised one of the most distant objectives for the British drive that opened on 15 September 1916, a drive that has come to be known as the Battle of Flers-Courcelette.
Although the British had not been able to take Gueudecourt during the battle’s commencement, continual fighting had brought the town within reach by 25 September, when the Battle of Morval opened. The primary trench-lines that guarded the town, and through which the 21st Division of the XV Corps had to assault, were Goat Trench, Gird Trench, and Gird Support. The 10th King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry and the 1st East Yorks (64th Brigade) attacked Gird Trench, but could make no headway, while the 1st Lincolns were stopped by shellfire in the British frontline. The 8th and 9th Leicesters (110th Brigade) had greater success, taking Goat Trench, but machine-gun fire prevented them from taking Gird.
On the morning of 26 September, at 6:30 am, a tank came up Pilgrim’s way to assist in the capture of Gird trench—the Battle of Morval marked only the second use of tanks in war. Behind the tank, bombers of the 7th Leicesters followed, driving the Germans from Gird Trench. The tank moved towards the Southeast of Gueudecourt before retiring from the scene. A combined thrust of infantry (6th Leicesters) and cavalry (19th Lancers and South Irish Horse) occupied the town that evening. The final position in this sector, as of 26 September, was a little short of the Gueudecourt—Le Transloy road.
For the next phase of the Somme Offensive, the Battle of Le Transloy, men of the 88th Brigade including the Royal Newfoundland Regiment and 1st Essex Battalion were brought into the lines that ran through and around the northern edge of the village on 10 October 1916. From there, on 12 October the two battalions attacked the German front line 'Hilt Trench' behind a "creeping barrage" and engaged in hand to hand fighting, successfully taking the position. Moving on from Hilt, their final objective, 'Grease Trench' lay 750 metres from their jumping off point. However, a withering machine gun fire denied the 88th Brigade attackers this position and forced them back into Hilt Trench and a German counter-attack drove the 1st Essex off of the left flank and back into the original Allied position. The Newfoundlanders, however, hung on to their positions and fought to secure their flank. Using Mills Bombs they repelled the German counter-attackers from the 1st Essex' stretch of Hilt and re-took the trench, effectively doubling the length of their defensive line. Anticipating further German counter-attacks the Newfoundlanders frantically dug a fire step and piled a parapet on the reverse side of the German trench. When the expected counter-attacks through the afternoon and night came the Newfoundlander's rifle and Lewis Gun fire turned back all attacks and the Hilt Trench was held.[http://www.vac-acc.gc.ca/remembers/sub.cfm?source=memorials/ww1mem/gueudecourt]
Today the Newfoundlanders actions at Gueudecourt are commemorated with the Gueudecourt Newfoundland Memorial which sits beside the D574 road, about one kilometre northeast of the village. The location of the Memorial marks the furthest point of advance of British units during the Battle of the Somme.

</doc>
<doc id="2872600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872600" title="Michael Adams (basketball)">
Michael Adams (basketball)

Michael Adams (born January 19, 1963) is a former NBA player and basketball coach.
Adams was born in Hartford, Connecticut. After starring at Boston College, the 5'10" point guard was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the 3rd round with the 66th pick of the 1985 NBA Draft. He only averaged 2.2 points during his rookie season, but he would have more success later in his career while playing for other teams. In his second season he played with the Washington Bullets, but Adams had his best season in 1990-1991, when he averaged 26.5 points (including a 54 point game) and 10.5 assists per game while playing for the Denver Nuggets. After that breakout season, he rejoined the Bullets via a trade, during which time he appeared in his first NBA All-Star Game in 1992.
Renowned for his "push shot", Adams retired in 1996 when playing for the Charlotte Hornets with NBA career totals of 9,621 points and 4,209 assists, and remains among the all-time league leaders in three-point field goals made and attempted. Adams had a record 79 consecutive games with a 3-point field goal (from January 28, 1988 - January 23, 1989). The record has since been broken by Dana Barros.
Adams has held coaching positions with the International Basketball League's Richmond Rhythm, the NBA's Vancouver Grizzlies, the WNBA's Washington Mystics, and the University of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="2872607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872607" title="Sychrov (Liberec District)">
Sychrov (Liberec District)

Sychrov () is a village in Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 180 inhabitants.
Villages Radostín, Sedlejovice, Třtí and Vrchovina are administrative parts of Sychrov.
History.
First written mention of Sychrov (under name "Svojkov") is from 1367. In 17th century the village disappeared and in its place small baroque castle Sychrov has been constructed (the new name is derived from "windy cold"). Newly built village nearby got its name after the castle. The Sychrov Castle was later reconstructed and expanded. School was built here in 1885.
Sychrov today.
Most of inhabitants work in agriculture. Grammar school, post office and sanatorium for children is here. Village is connected by high capacity road and by railway with nearby cities Turnov and Liberec. The castle is place of many cultural activities, attracting visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="2872608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872608" title="Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area">
Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area

The Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area (MIA) is geographically located within the Riverina area of New South Wales was created to control and divert the flow of local river and creek systems for the purpose of food production. The main river systems feeding and fed by the area are the Murrumbidgee and the Tumut. It is one of the most a diverse and productive regions in Australia contributing over 5 billion annually to the Australian economy. The MIA was first established in 1912 following the commissioning of Burrinjuck Dam. Further expansion occurred in the 1970s with the completion of the Snowy Mountains Scheme and construction of Blowering Dam on the Tumut River, which meets the Murrumbidgee near Gundagai.
The system is still regarded as a major engineering achievement comprising an elaborate series of weirs, canals and holding ponds (fed by upstream rivers and dams).
Many of the towns within the area which include Leeton and Griffith were purpose built and designed for the project and remain as thriving communities today. The two towns are growing at a rapid rate due to sustainable employment. The growth of inland centres is unusual for central New South Wales which displays the uniqueness of the MIA.
Much of the infrastructure of these towns was designed by Walter Burley Griffin who had previously designed Canberra.
The irrigation area has become increasingly controversial in the early twenty-first century, after consecutive years of drought and a growing Australian population have led to demands for greater levels of water conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="2872618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872618" title="J. Desmond Clark">
J. Desmond Clark

John Desmond Clark (more commonly J. Desmond Clark, April 10, 1916 - February 14, 2002) was a British archaeologist noted particularly for his work on prehistoric Africa. 
Educated at Monkton Combe School near Bath, J. Desmond Clark graduated with a B.A. from Christ's College at the University of Cambridge and became the curator of Northern Rhodesia's Livingstone Memorial Museum in 1937. A year later Clark married Betty Baume, who would accompany him on a number of expeditions throughout his life. Clark served in the military during World War II as well as carrying out archaeological fieldwork in the Horn of Africa. Following the war, he returned to Cambridge, completing his Ph.D. in 1947. 
Clark then returned to Northern Rhodesia to serve once more as the Museum's director. In 1953, Clark ordered an excavation at Kalambo Falls, a 235m high, single-drop waterfall at the southeast end of Lake Tanganyika, on what is now the border between Zambia and Tanzania. The site would eventually emerge as one of the most important archaeological finds of the twentieth century, providing a record of more than two hundred and fifty thousand years of human history. To date, artifacts of Acheulean, Sangoan, Lupemban, Magosian, Wilton, and Bantu cultures have all been found at the falls. Clark also undertook significant fieldwork in Ethiopia, Somalia, Malawi, Angola, and Niger, some of which led him to collaborate with Louis and Mary Leakey.
In 1961, Clark became Professor of Anthropology (subsequently Emeritus) at the University of California, Berkeley, where he taught until his retirement in 1986. Under his guidance, the programme became one of the world's foremost in paleoanthropology. In 1965, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He received the Gold Medal Award for Distinguished Archaeological Achievement in 1988 from the Archaeological Institute of America. Clark continued working until his death, including a 1991 dig in China that was the first to be led in that country by foreign archaeologists in more than 40 years. Clark died of pneumonia in Oakland in 2002, having published more than twenty books and over 300 scholarly papers on paleoanthropology and African prehistory in the course of his career. His wife survived him by only two months. He is survived by his children, Elizabeth and John.

</doc>
<doc id="2872621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872621" title="Beverly Buchanan">
Beverly Buchanan

Beverly Buchanan (b. October 8, 1940, Fuquay, North Carolina) is an African American artist. Buchanan is noted for her exploration of Southern vernacular architecture through her art. 
Buchanan was born in Fuquay, North Carolina, but grew up in Orangeburg, South Carolina where her father was dean of the School of Agriculture at South Carolina State College, which was then the only state school for African Americans in South Carolina. 
Education.
In 1962 Buchanan graduated from Bennett College in Greensboro, North Carolina with a degree in medical technology. She went on to attend Columbia University, where she received a master's degree in parasitology in 1968 and a master's degree in public health in 1969. 
Although she was accepted to medical school, Buchanan decided not to go due to her desire to dedicate more time to her art. In 1971 she enrolled in a class taught by Norman Lewis at the Art Students League in New York City. During the 1970s Romare Bearden became her friend and mentor. Buchanan decided to pursue art exclusively in 1977 and moved to Macon, Georgia. 
Awards.
In 1980 Buchanan was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship. In 1990 she received a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in sculpture. She was chosen as a Georgia Visual Arts honoree in 1997. In 2002 she received an Anonymous Was a Woman Award. In 2005 she was a distinguished honoree of the College Art Association Committee for Women in the Arts. In 2011 she received a lifetime achievement award in New York City from Women's Caucus for Art.
She currently divides her time between studios in Athens, Georgia and Ann Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2872625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872625" title="Wieland">
Wieland

Wieland is a Germanic name, from "wela" "battle" and, "nand" "brave". The English form is Wayland.
as a first name:
as a surname name:
the novel of this name by Charles Brockden Brown:

</doc>
<doc id="2872633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872633" title="Sherwani">
Sherwani

Sherwani (Hindi: शेरवानी; ) is a long coat-like garment worn in South Asia, very similar to an Achkan or doublet. Sherwani originated as a fusion of the Shalwar Kameez with the British frock coat. It was traditionally associated with the aristocracy of the Indian subcontinent. It is worn over the Kurta and "Churidar", "Khara pajama", a shalwar. It can be distinguished from the achkan by the fact that it is often made from heavier suiting fabrics, and by the presence of a lining. 
After the independence of Pakistan, Mohammad Ali Jinnah frequently wore the Sherwani and made it the national dress of Pakistan.
History.
The Sherwani originated in South Asia and was the court dress of nobles of the royals of India, before being more generally adopted in the late eighteenth century. It appeared during the period of British India in 18th century, as a fusion of the Shalwar Kameez with the British frock coat. It was gradually adopted by most of the Indian aristocracy, and later by the general population, as a more evolved form of traditional attire. To the Muslims, like the Urdu language, it also became a symbol of Muslim nobility. Before the independence of India and Pakistan, the Sherwani was closely associated with founders of Aligarh Movement. Following Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, all the professors and students wore Sherwani. The name "Aligarh Sherwani" was also coined, inspired by the popularity of the design at Aligarh Muslim University. At the Aligarh Muslim University, these Sherwanis are still worn to keep alive a long running tradition of academics. 
Pakistan.
Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, frequently wore the Sherwani after Pakistan achieved independence, and made it the national dress of Pakistan despite the fact that English culture had greatly influenced his personal preferences, particularly when it came to dress. Earlier, Mohammad Ali Jinnah donned European style clothing and he pursued the fashion with fervour. It is said he owned over 200 hand-tailored suits which he wore with heavily starched shirts with detachable collars. During his last years he was seen mostly in Sherwani and a Karakul hat which subsequently came to be known as "Jinnah cap".
Following him most government officials in Pakistan such as the President and Prime Minister started to wear the formal black Sherwani over the shalwar qameez on state occasions and national holidays. But as Dr. Tariq Rahman writes about the European style officers that "the impeccably dressed South Asian officers, both civilian and military, never wore in public till the 1970s when Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto gave respectability to this dress by wearing it in public. However General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq made it complusory of all officers to wear Sherwani on state occasions and national holidays.
Muslim physics scientist Dr Abdul-Salam appeared in black sherwani to receive nobel prize.
It has also become almost customary for bride grooms to wear a sherwani on their wedding almost always accompanied by a turban. Wedding sherwanis usually tend to have embroidered collars and have been popularized in recent times by designers like Amir Adnan and Deepak Perwani. One major difference between Sherwani wearing habits in Pakistan is that Pakistanis very rarely wear it with chooridar pyjamas preferring a shalwar instead while their Bangladeshis and Indians are distinguished by their preference for chooridars.
India.
In India, the sherwani is generally worn for formal occasions in winter, especially by those from Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Hyderabadi-Muslims. The sherwani is generally associated with Muslims while the achkan was historically favored by Hindu nobles. The two garments have significant similarities, though sherwanis typically are more flaired at the hips. The achkan later evolved into the Nehru Jacket, which is popular in India and Bangladesh.
The Hyderabadi Sherwani was the dress of choice of the Nizam of Hyderabad and Hyderabadi nobles. The Hyderabadi sherwani is longer than normal sherwani reaching below the knees.
Bangladesh.
In Bengal (Bangladesh and West Bengal), the Sherwani or Achkan is worn by people on formal occasions such as weddings.
Ceylon.
In Ceylon, now Sri Lanka, it was generally worn as the formal uniform of Mudaliyars and early Tamil legislators during the British colonial period. The diplomatic service had incorporated its use for formal occasions overseas.
Modern sherwanis.
Achkans and sherwanis are worn by many Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi grooms as wedding dresses. These garments usually feature detailed embroidery or patterns.
Sherwanis have been designed by Rohit Bal for British Airways cabin crews serving on flights to South Asia.
Music director A.R. Rahman appeared in a black sherwani to receive an Academy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2872638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872638" title="2005 UEFA European Under-17 Championship">
2005 UEFA European Under-17 Championship

The 2005 UEFA European Under-17 Championship was the fourth edition of UEFA's European Under-17 Football Championship. Italy hosted the championship, during May 3–14. Turkey defeated Netherlands in the final to win the competition for the second time.
Qualifying.
There were two qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2872653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872653" title="Delaware Route 404">
Delaware Route 404

Delaware Route 404 (DE 404) is a major state highway in Sussex County, Delaware that spans the width of the state. DE 404's western terminus is at the Maryland border northwest of Bridgeville, where it continues as Maryland Route 404 (MD 404), and its eastern terminus is at the Five Points intersection with U.S. Route 9 (US 9), DE 1, and US 9 Business (US 9 Bus.). The route passes through rural areas as well as the towns of Bridgeville and Georgetown. DE 404 runs concurrent with DE 18 from east of Bridgeville to Georgetown and with US 9 from Georgetown to Five Points. DE 404 has a business route, DE 404 Bus., that passes through Bridgeville and a truck route, DE 404 Truck, that bypasses Georgetown. DE 404, along with MD 404, serves as a major route connecting the Chesapeake Bay Bridge and the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area with the Delaware beaches.
DE 404 was first designated by 1936 to run from the Maryland border to DE 18 southeast of Bridgeville. The route was extended to Five Points by 1987. By 1999, DE 404 was aligned to bypass Bridgeville, with DE 404 Bus. designated on the former route through the town. The new alignment of DE 404 around Bridgeville replaced DE 404 Alternate (DE 404 Alt.)
Route description.
DE 404 begins at the Maryland border, where it continues northwest into that state as MD 404. From the state line, the route heads southeast on two-lane undivided Seashore Highway, passing through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes. In the community of Scotts Corner, the road intersects the western terminus of DE 36. DE 404 continues through more rural areas and turns northeast onto Newton Road, with DE 404 Bus. continuing southeast along Seashore Highway toward Bridgeville. From here, DE 404 heads through agricultural areas to the north of Bridgeville, curving east and crossing Norfolk Southern's Delmarva Secondary railroad line. The route comes to an intersection with US 13 and turns south to form a concurrency with that route on Sussex Highway, a four-lane divided highway. A short distance later, US 13 Bus. splits off to the southwest to head into Bridgeville. The road continues through farmland with some businesses to the east of Bridgeville. Upon reaching an intersection with US 13 Bus./DE 404 Bus., DE 404 splits from US 13 by heading southeast onto four-lane divided Seashore Highway. The road passes a few businesses before becoming two lanes and undivided as it continues through agricultural areas, coming to an intersection with DE 18.
At this point, DE 18 heads east concurrent with DE 404 along Seashore Highway, running through a mix of farmland and woodland with some residences. The road heads through more forested areas with some agriculture and homes, passing through tracts of the Redden State Forest. Farther east, DE 18/DE 404 heads into Georgetown, passing to the north of Delaware Technical Community College's Jack F. Owens Campus. The road intersects US 113 and the western terminus of DE 404 Truck in a commercial area and continues east. The two routes head southeast onto North Bedford Street, passing homes and businesses. The road comes to an intersection with US 9 at The Circle in the center of Georgetown, where DE 18 ends.
At this point, DE 404 continues northeast concurrent with US 9 on East Market Street, lined with downtown businesses. The road crosses Norfolk Southern's Indian River Secondary railroad line and runs through residential areas with a few commercial establishments. US 9/DE 404 heads east-northeast out of Georgetown and becomes Lewes Georgetown Highway, passing through farmland with some homes and businesses. The two routes intersect the eastern terminus of US 9 Truck/DE 404 Truck and run through wooded areas with some fields and development. In Gravel Hill, the road intersects DE 30. Following this intersection, US 9/DE 404 passes through more farmland and woodland with some residences, reaching a junction with DE 5 in Harbeson. The two routes run through more rural areas, crossing a Delaware Coast Line Railroad line. The road heads through farmland with increasing residential subdivisions. Upon reaching the area of the Five Points intersection in Nassau, US 9/DE 404 runs past homes and businesses, widening into a divided highway and coming to an intersection with DE 1D/DE 23. DE 23 joins US 9/DE 404 for a concurrency on a four-lane divided highway before the road comes to a junction with DE 1. Here, DE 23/DE 404 ends, US 9 Bus. continues northeast, and US 9 heads east for a concurrency with DE 1.
DE 404 serves as a major route connecting the Chesapeake Bay Bridge and the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area to the Delaware beaches. The highest annual average daily traffic along DE 404 is 30,773 vehicles along the US 13 concurrency with the lowest being 5,777 vehicles at the western terminus of DE 404 Business. All of DE 404 is part of the National Highway System with the exception of the portion along Newton Road in Bridgeville.
History.
By 1920, what would originally become DE 404 was an unimproved county road, with the section east of Bridgeville under contract as a state highway. The entire route of what would become DE 404 was completed as a state highway to a point northwest of Bridgeville by 1924. By 1931, the road was built as a state highway northwest to the Maryland border. When Delaware designated its state highways by 1936, DE 404 was designated to run from the Maryland border, where it connected to MD 404, southeast to DE 18 southeast of Bridgeville. The route followed its current alignment to Bridgeville, where it passed through the town on Market Street and South Main Street before picking up its current alignment east of US 13. At this time, what is now DE 404 past its then-eastern terminus was designated as part of DE 18. By 1987, DE 404 was extended east to DE 1 in Five Points, following DE 18 to Georgetown and US 9 (which had replaced a portion of DE 18) from Georgetown to Five Points. By 1990, DE 404 Alt. was created to bypass Bridgeville to the north and east, following Newton Road and US 13. DE 404 Alt. became a part of DE 404 by 1999, with the former DE 404 through Bridgeville becoming DE 404 Bus.
Bannered routes.
DE 404 Business.
Delaware Route 404 Business (DE 404 Bus.) is a long business route of DE 404 that runs through the town of Bridgeville. The route begins at DE 404 northwest of Bridgeville, heading southeast on two-lane undivided Seashore Highway through agricultural areas with some homes. DE 404 Bus. enters Bridgeville and heads through commercial areas, turning northeast onto Market Street and crossing Norfolk Southern's Delmarva Secondary railroad line. The route passes several homes before intersecting US 13 Bus. and turning south to join that route on South Main Street. The two routes run through more residential areas before leaving Bridgeville and heading through farmland with some development. The road widens into a four-lane divided highway and heads into a commercial area, intersecting US 13 and DE 404. At this point US 13 Bus. and DE 404 Bus. both end, with the road continuing southeast as DE 404. DE 404 Bus. was created in 1999 when DE 404 was rerouted to bypass Bridgeville on the alignment of DE 404 Alt.
Major intersections
DE 404 Truck.
Delaware Route 404 Truck (DE 404 Truck) is a truck bypass of the section of DE 404 through Georgetown. The route begins at the intersection between US 113 and DE 18/DE 404, heading south along with US 113 on four-lane divided North Dupont Boulevard. The road passes through commercial areas with some farmland, reaching an intersection with US 9. At this point, US 113/DE 404 Truck becomes concurrent with US 9 Truck and the name changes to South Dupont Boulevard. The road heads southeast through woodland with some farm fields and businesses. US 9 Truck/DE 404 Truck split from US 113 by heading north-northeast on two-lane undivided South Bedford Street. The road passes commercial development before heading through farmland with some homes. The routes curve to the north-northwest prior to heading north. US 9 Truck/DE 404 Truck turn east onto Park Avenue and pass through residential areas before crossing Norfolk Southern's Indian River Secondary railroad line. The road runs through agricultural areas and passes to the south of Sussex County Airport, where it makes a curve to the north. US 9 Truck/DE 404 Truck head through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes to the east of the airport, crossing a Delaware Coast Line Railroad line before ending at US 9/DE 404 east of Georgetown.
Major intersections
Former DE 404 Alternate.
Delaware Route 404 Alternate (DE 404 Alt.) was a alternate alignment of DE 404 that bypassed the town of Bridgeville. It ran to the north of Bridgeville on Newton Road and to the east of Bridgeville on US 13. The route was created by 1990. The alignment of DE 404 Alt.was replaced by DE 404 itself in 1999. The route of DE 404 in Bridgeville then became known as DE 404 Bus.
Major intersections

</doc>
<doc id="2872657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872657" title="Mark Holtz">
Mark Holtz

Mark Holtz (October 1, 1945 - September 7, 1997) was an American sportscaster, best known for his broadcasts of Major League Baseball's Texas Rangers.
Career.
In 1981, he served as broadcaster on Rangers' cable games, then from 1982-1994 as play-by-play announcer on Rangers' radio broadcasts. Holtz and color commentator Eric Nadel, who joined him in 1982, became one of the most recognized broadcast teams in the DFW area.
Before joining the Rangers, Holtz was the voice of the Omaha Royals in 1971 and the Denver Bears from 1976 to 1980. Holtz was also the first radio broadcaster for the Dallas Mavericks NBA team in their inaugural season, 1980–81, and during his career called college football for the University of Colorado and University of Illinois, as well as college basketball for the University of Colorado and Bradley University and college ice hockey for the University of Denver.
In 1995, Holtz would return to TV broadcasting, where he remained until May 22, 1997, when he had to give up his duties to battle leukemia, which would claim his life on September 7 of that year.
Holtz was well known for being able to keep people's interest in a game even when things were not going well, which was a frequent occurrence for the generally poor-performing team.
He was the voice of the Texas Rangers for their first ever playoff series, in 1996, against the New York Yankees.
Death and remembrance.
Holtz began every home Rangers broadcast by jubilantly stating that "It's baseball time in Texas!" This phrase is still often used throughout the Rangers Ballpark by everybody from scoreboard operators to public address announcer Chuck Morgan. Holtz' signature closing phrase was ""Hello Win Column"", which he would exclaim after every Rangers win. He was able to use this phrase on May 22, 1997, his last game as broadcaster, as the Rangers won that evening.
In his memory, Mark Holtz Lake (a wide spot in Johnson Creek north of Rangers Ballpark in Arlington) is named for him. And after every Rangers home win, the center-field scoreboard still flashes his signature phrase ""Hello Win Column.""
Thousands of Texas Rangers fans camped around Mark Holtz Lake for playoff tickets in 1996, 1998, and 1999.
When the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays in Game 5 of the ALDS on October 12, 2010 to capture their first postseason series victory, Eric Nadel exclaimed, "Hello Win Column!" on the Rangers radio broadcast. It has been the only time to date Nadel used the phrase since Holtz's passing.

</doc>
<doc id="2872667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872667" title="Mindaugas Timinskas">
Mindaugas Timinskas

Mindaugas Timinskas (born March 28, 1974 in Šilutė) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player for the Lithuanian national basketball team.
Timinskas started his professional career by playing college basketball at NCAA representing Iona College (1993–97), then moved to Lithuania for the 1997-98 season, signed by his home town team Šilutė at the time playing in LKL.
Timinskas made his mark for TAU Cerámica of Spain during the Euroleague 2000-01 finals, when he had three double-digit scoring games, most notably 18 points in Game 4 to force the series to a fifth and final contest. His rim-rocking dunk in that game is still remembered as one of the highlights of the Euroleague's first season.
Timinskas was named the head coach of the Cary Academy Varsity Basketball team for the 2012-2013 season, replacing Kenny Inge.

</doc>
<doc id="2872669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872669" title="USS Case (DD-370)">
USS Case (DD-370)

USS "Case" (DD-370) was a in the United States Navy before and during World War II. She was the second ship named for Augustus Ludlow Case.
"Case" was launched at the Boston Navy Yard, Boston, Massachusetts, on 14 September 1935. She was sponsored by Miss. M. R. Case and commissioned on 15 September 1936, with Commander J. S. Roberts in command. "Case" was berthed at Pearl Harbor when the Japanese struck on 7 December 1941; then served in the Pacific Fleet until the end of World War II.
Service history.
"Case" joined in fleet problems in the Hawaiian area, and in 1938, served as school ship at San Diego, California. From this, her home port, she carried midshipmen on an Alaskan cruise in summer 1939, and in April 1940 returned to Pearl Harbor to take part in a fleet problem which found her sailing to Midway, Johnston Island, and Palmyra Island. Between February and April 1941, she cruised to Samoa, Tahiti, and Auckland, New Zealand.
Pearl Harbor.
"Case" was in a nest of destroyers at Pearl Harbor Navy Yard on 7 December 1941 during the attack on Pearl Harbor. From 7 December until 23 May 1942, "Case" escorted convoys passing between the west coast and Pearl Harbor.
Patrols.
From 31 May to 7 August 1942, "Case" patrolled and carried out the usual varied destroyer assignments off Kodiak, Alaska. On 7 August, she unleashed her guns in the pre-invasion bombardment of Kiska and on an enemy tanker with undetermined results. "Case" continued on patrol off Adak until mid-October, when she escorted shipping to Pearl Harbor, then proceeded to the States for overhaul.
Returning to Pearl Harbor in late November 1942, "Case" cleared to escort a convoy to the Fiji Islands, arriving 20 December. From Fiji she sailed to Guadalcanal to screen a convoy during its unloading period, and on 1 January 1943, arrived at Espiritu Santo, her base for escort, patrol, and training duty through 23 September. After overhaul at San Francisco, California, "Case" returned to Pearl Harbor in December.
For the next 8 months, "Case" was almost constantly at sea, screening groups of the 3rd and 5th Fleets. From mid-January through mid-March 1944, these strikes were against Japanese bases in the Marshall Islands, supporting the invasion of these islands. Palau and the western Carolines were the targets 30 March-1 April, and "Case" next sailed from Majuro for the late-April air raids on Hollandia, Truk, Satawan, and Ponape. A month of local screening and escort duty at Majuro preceded "Case"s assignment to TG 58.4 for the strikes on Japanese airfields in the Bonins, designed to neutralize these bases during the invasion of the Marianas. With this group, she screened carriers in the historic Battle of the Philippine Sea on 19 and 20 June.
Repairs.
After a repair period at Eniwetok, "Case" resumed her operations with TG 58.4, screening for air strikes preparing for the landings on Guam late in July 1944, and the attacks on the Bonins on 4 and 5 August. Through mid-September, "Case" served on inter-island escort duty in the Marianas. In September, she rendezvoused with two submarines carrying allied prisoners of war, many of them wounded, rescued after the sinking of a Japanese transport. Since rough seas prevented the submarines from transferring the wounded to "Case", the destroyer put medical officers on board the submarines.
"Case" participated in the bombardment of Marcus Island on 9 October 1944 and then joined TG 38.1 for strikes on Luzon in conjunction with the invasion of Leyte from 18 to 23 October. She returned to Ulithi 29 October, putting to sea again 8 November for the bombardment of Iwo Jima on the night of 11/12 November.
Resuming escort duty from Ulithi, "Case" was screening cruisers bound for Saipan on 20 November, when she rammed and sank a Japanese midget submarine at the entrance to Mugai Channel. Immediately, she put back to Ulithi for an inspection of damage incurred in the encounter, but was back in action just two days later, bound for off shore patrol at Saipan until 6 December.
Iwo Jima.
"Case" joined in a smashing bombardment of Iwo Jima once more on 24 December, during which she and were dispatched to attack a fleeing Japanese transport. A 2-hour chase at full speed followed, both destroyers firing as the range closed. At 1559, the effect of accurate gunfire told as the transport sank, her survivors refusing any assistance from the American destroyers. After repairs at Saipan, she returned to Iwo Jima 24 and 25 January 1945 for antisubmarine patrol during the opening phases of operations ashore. Escort and patrol duty from Saipan occupied her until 19 March, when she began an extended period of antisubmarine patrol, aid-sea rescue, and radar picket duty between Saipan and Iwo Jima until the close of the war.
Surrender of the Bonins Islands.
On 2 September 1945, the Case sailed to Chichi Jima to accept and supervise the surrender of the Bonins Islands. On 19 September, she took departure from Iwo Jima for Norfolk, Virginia, arriving 1 November. Here, she was decommissioned 13 December 1945, and sold 31 December 1947.
Awards.
"Case" received seven battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2872675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872675" title="Jodhpuri">
Jodhpuri

A Jodhpuri suit (Hindi: जोधपुरी सूट) or Bandhgala is an Indian formal evening suit. Also known as "Jodhpuri Suit", it is a western suit-like product, with a coat and a trouser, at times accompanied by a vest. It brings together the western cut with Indian hand-embroidery escorted by the Nehru collar. It is suitable for occasions such as weddings and formal gatherings.
The material can be silk or any other suiting material. Normally, the material is lined at the collar and at the buttons with embroidery. This can be plain, jacquard or jamewari material. Normally, the trousers match that of the coat. There is also a trend now to wear contrasting trousers to match the coat colour.

</doc>
<doc id="2872688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872688" title="Shegetz">
Shegetz

Shegetz (שייגעץ or in Hebrew שֵׁיְגֶּץ; alternative Romanizations incl. shaygetz, sheigetz, shaigetz, sheygets; plural שגאצים shkotzim, shgatzim) is a Yiddish word that has entered English to refer to a non-Jewish boy or young man. Although shegetz, like its feminine counterpart shiksa, comes from the Hebrew "sheketz" ("detestable," "abomination", "loathed", "blemish") and literally translates as "rascal", "scoundrel" or "varmint", - its pejorative connotations range from negligible to severe, depending on the context. In former times, it was common practice for Jews in Eastern Europe who were harassed by youths to label their tormentors "shkotzim". Nacham Grossbard of Haifa, writing in the "Memorial Book for the Community of Ciechanów" (1962), recounted these memories of his early years in Poland:*:At the finish of the match, as soon as the whistle blows, we Jewish boys run as fast as we can, out of breath, all the way home in order not to have stones thrown at us or be hit by the shkotzim (non-Jewish boys).
In recent years in the United States and other English-speaking countries with large populations of bilingual Yiddish-English speakers, the word has resurfaced, but lost much of its link to the original etymology of filth and inhumanity. 
While "shegetz" may still be used derogatorily, it has become more of a reference to carefree youths who have traded the set of "Jewish values" for another that is hardly distinguishable from that held by their non-Jewish neighbors. 
When a Jew calls another Jew a shegetz, it is often in condemnation of behavior or a lifestyle the speaker does not consider Jewish enough. Some disaffected religious Jews label themselves shkotzim in an ironic take on the word. The term has enjoyed less currency in English than the feminine "shiksa", which may carry particularly strong connotations of licentiousness and promiscuity. However, all the above caveats also apply to the usage of "shiksa".

</doc>
<doc id="2872693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872693" title="Arden, West Virginia">
Arden, West Virginia

Arden is the name of two unincorporated communities in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2872703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872703" title="Janet Weiss">
Janet Weiss

Janet Lee Weiss (born September 24, 1965) is a rock drummer, formerly of now-defunct Sleater-Kinney and currently a member of Quasi and Wild Flag. She was the drummer for Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, leaving after the album "Mirror Traffic", and contributed to The Shins' fourth studio album, "Port of Morrow" (2012).
Early life.
Weiss was born in Hollywood, California to a Jewish family, and began playing guitar at the age of 16. She attended San Francisco State University and graduated with a degree in photography. While in college, she started playing drums with an all-girl trio, The Furies.
Career.
Furies.
At the age of 22, Weiss went on tour with a San Francisco band, The Furies, as the drummer, even though she had only been playing for two weeks. She moved to Portland, Oregon in 1989 and soon after began playing with Sam Coomes (her ex-husband and Quasi bandmate).
Sleater-Kinney.
Weiss started playing with Corin Tucker and Carrie Brownstein in Sleater-Kinney in 1996, after seeing them play a show. Tucker and Brownstein then played her a new song they were working on at the time, "Dig Me Out." Her bandmates later said that she made up a beat so solid "you could practically bang your head against it." Weiss eventually became the band's drummer; she was the fourth in the band's history.
Quasi.
Weiss and Sam Coomes formed Quasi in 1993, and the band has remained active both as a duo and a trio, featuring Joanna Bolme from 2007-2011, for the past 20 years.
The Jicks.
Upon the dissolution of Sleater-Kinney in 2006, Weiss joined Quasi bandmate Joanna Bolme in Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks. She performed on two albums, Real Emotional Trash in 2008 and the 2011 release Mirror Traffic. She left the band prior to the tour of the latter album.
Other work.
She has also played for Bright Eyes, Junior High, The Shadow Mortons, The Go Betweens, Sarah Dougher, Elliott Smith, and one Goldcard song.
On June 4, 2007, she performed with Bright Eyes on the "Late Show with David Letterman" before joining the band for their summer European tour.
As of September 2010 performing with the band Wild Flag, with Carrie Brownstein (Sleater-Kinney), Mary Timony (Helium), and Rebecca Cole (The Minders).
Equipment.
Weiss plays a vintage Ludwig kit (ca. 1973) in natural maple finish. Specs. as follows:
She played a similar kit at Coachella in April 2008, except the Ludwigs were the Blue Oyster 'Bowling Ball' finish. The Craviotto snare was still natural maple.
Cymbals: Zildjian
Hardware: DW
Heads:
Sticks:

</doc>
<doc id="2872725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872725" title="Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station">
Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station

The Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station is a decommissioned nuclear power plant built by the Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD) in Herald, California.
History.
In 1966, SMUD purchased in southeast Sacramento County for a nuclear power plant, which was built in Herald, south-east of downtown Sacramento.
In the early 1970s, a small pond was expanded to a lake to serve as an emergency backup water supply for the station. The lake has always received its water from the Folsom South Canal and has no relationship with the power plant's daily water supply. Surrounding the lake is of recreational area originally operated by the County of Sacramento for day-use activities.
The 2,772 MWt Babcock and Wilcox pressurized water reactor (913 MWe) achieved initial criticality on 16 September 1974 and entered commercial operation on 17 April 1975. 
On 20 March 1978 a failure of power supply for the plant's non-nuclear instrumentation system led to steam generator dryout. (ref NRC LER 312/78-001). In an ongoing study of "precursors" that could lead to a nuclear disaster if additional failures were to have occurred, in 2005 the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission concluded that this event at Rancho Seco was the third most serious safety-related occurrence in the United States (Behind the Three Mile Island accident and the cable tray fire at Browns Ferry).
The plant operated from April 1975 to June 1989 but had a lifetime capacity average of only 39%; it was closed by public vote on 7 June 1989 (despite the fact that its operating license did not expire until 11 October 2008) after multiple referendums.
Operation of the recreational area was assumed by SMUD in 1992. In cooperation with the Nature Conservancy, SMUD dedicated in June 2006 the Howard Ranch Nature Trail, a seven-mile (11 km) long trail that follows riparian and marsh habitat along Rancho Seco Lake and the adjoining Howard Ranch that once belonged to the owner of the famous racehorse Seabiscuit.
All power generating equipment has been removed from the plant and the now-empty cooling towers remain a prominent part of the local landscape. Also scattered throughout the area around the plant are abandoned air raid sirens that at one time would have warned people of a radiation release from the station. Additions to SMUD's Rancho Seco property have included massive solar installations and, more recently, the natural gas-fired Cosumnes Power Plant, brought online in 2006.
On 23 October 2009, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission released the majority of the site for unrestricted public use, while approximately of land including a storage building for low-level radioactive waste and a dry-cask spent fuel storage facility remain under NRC licenses.

</doc>
<doc id="2872735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872735" title="Mark Bernes">
Mark Bernes

Mark Naumovich Bernes () (, Nezhin, Chernigov Governorate, Russian Empire - August 16, 1969, Moscow, Soviet Union) was a Soviet actor and singer of Jewish ancestry (his father's last name was "Neumann"), who performed some of the most poignant songs to come out of the World War II, including "Tyomnaya noch" (, "Dark Night"; 1943) and "Zhuravli" (, "Cranes"; 1969). By his voice and singing style, he is similar to American performer Bing Crosby, being the first Soviet crooner. But the art of him was not a variety or pop singing, - it was closer to art of French chansonniers like Yves Montand.
Life and work.
In late 1930s, not long before the war, Mark Bernes starred in two motion pictures: "Man With a Rifle "and "The Fighter Planes ". In both of these films, he performed songs, which immediately became famous all over Soviet Union after each film was released. In the former film, he performed the song "Clouds Rose Over the City", which was a romantic song of a simple young Soviet worker. In the later film, he performed a famous patriotic ballad "Beloved Town". This pre-war song was full of hope and optimism, and several years later, this song helped soldiers during the war.
When the war began, Bernes became among the first singers to perform for the Soviet troops. In 1943, he starred in the motion picture "Two Fighters". He played a young soldier from Odessa named Arkady Dzubin. In that film, Bernes demonstrated typically Jewish wit and humor, such humor that was characteristic of Jews from Odessa. In that film, he sang two masterpiece songs: "Tyomnaya noch" and "Shalandy polnye kefali" (, "Scows Full of Mullet").The second song is the humorous account of Kostya the sailor man from Odessa who ironically spoke to his fiancee Sonya the fishing girl. The first song, "Dark Night" was a serious ballad about a wife with a baby child waiting for the soldier, who was in the midst of a deadly fight. The song was sung by Bernes from the point of view of that soldier, who addressed his wife at home and assured her that he will live through all the deadly battles as long as she waits for him. "Dark Night" is the most recognizable Soviet song from World War II.
Bernes's name had become closely associated with World War II. After the war, he continued to perform songs about the war. His greatest hits of the 1950s were "Boys From Moscow" (also known as "Sergey From Malaya Bronnaya Street") and "Enemies Burned His Home Village". Both songs were about hardships suffered by people who lost family members in the war. Both songs expressed extreme melancholy and pain of the losses in the war, and both songs directly confronted death and grief. The latter song, "Enemies Burned His Home Village" was banned by the government, because it was considered too pessimistic and too anti-Soviet. In the song, the soldier grieves for his killed wife and laments that his hopes had been shattered. By the reasoning of the Soviet authorities, it was unpatriotic to sing about broken hopes when the war was won, and thus, all the hopes became reality. In the 1950s, Mark Bernes also performed torch songs such as the sentimental ballad "I Dreamed of You Three Years" and inspirational optimistic songs such as the march "I Love You, My Life".
In 1969, Mark Bernes was dying from lung cancer. In the summer of 1969, he recorded his last song "Ballad About the Cranes", which became his testament before death. Bernes sang that the soldiers that perished in war turned into cranes. He sang that the cranes are still in their flight and that soon, he will join their ranks. On August 16, Mark Bernes died. "Ballad About the Cranes" was played at his funeral.
Honors.
Bernes received People's Actor of the RSFSR (1965), was awarded the Stalin Prize (1951), two orders, and many medals.
A minor planet 3038 Bernes discovered by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Stepanovich Chernykh in 1978 is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2872739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872739" title="Typhoon Herb">
Typhoon Herb

Super Typhoon Herb was the strongest and the largest storm of 1996. Herb struck the Ryūkyū Islands, Taiwan and the People's Republic of China, causing major damage. The name Herb was used in the Western Pacific name list for the first time after the list had been revised earlier in 1996. Although the name was not retired, the Western Pacific name list was changed from English names to Asian names in 2000, so 1996 was in fact the only occasion when the name was used (it was never used in the Atlantic Ocean or the Eastern Pacific.)
Meteorological history.
The active monsoon trough that spawned Typhoons Frankie (08W) and Gloria (09W) consolidated into a third area well east of the other two to develop Tropical Depression 10W near Saipan on July 23. It moved northward at first, then westward in response to the subtropical ridge to its north. Tropical Depression 10W was upgraded to Tropical Storm Herb on July 24. Tropical Storm Herb moved west, growing in size and strengthening to Typhoon Herb on July 25 before 48 hours later reaching Category 4 (125 knots). An interaction with Typhoon Gloria (in what is known as the "Fujiwhara effect") saw Herb downgraded to 115 knots. Shortly afterward Herb began to intensify again, and became a Category 5 super typhoon (140 knots) on July 30. Herb also became a very large typhoon: the largest typhoon in July and the 8th largest typhoon since 1977.
Herb struck the Ryūkyū Islands and made landfall in northern Taiwan as a Category 4 Super Typhoon (130 knots) on July 31. The eye of the storm passed directly over the capital, Taipei, Taiwan . Herb weakened as it crossed Taiwan and then the Taiwan Strait, to make landfall in China as a strong Category 2. Herb rapidly weakened over the country, and dissipated on August 3.
Impact.
Ryūkyū Islands.
Prior to the typhoon's arrival in the southern Ryūkyū Islands, officials issued storm warnings for most islands and canceled 76 flights. On July 31, the eye of Typhoon Herb passed roughly southwest of Iriomote Island. On the island, a barometric pressure of 927.1 mbar (hPa; 27.38 inHg) was measured. On Yonaguni, a maximum wind gust of was also measured. Widespread damage took place across the southern Ryūkyū Islands, with losses reaching ¥667 million (US$6.2 million). On Ishigaki Island, one home was destroyed and eighteen others were damaged. Extensive losses to agriculture, fisheries, and forestry took place across the region as well. Losses on Ishigaki alone reached ¥630 million (US$5.9 million). In Okinawa, large swells up to flooded low-lying areas, leaving minor damage.
Taiwan.
In Taiwan and China, heavy rain from Herb caused flooding and major damage. In Taiwan, at least 51 people were killed and 22 went missing. Herb is the fourth wettest known tropical cyclone to impact the country.
Mainland China.
In China, at least 233 people were killed and 284 people went missing. Total damage to agriculture and property totaled US$5 billion (1996 dollars).

</doc>
<doc id="2872744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872744" title="De Saisset Museum">
De Saisset Museum

The de Saisset Museum at Santa Clara University opened in the early 1950s after Isabel de Saisset, the last member of a French pioneer family bequeathed her estate to the University of Santa Clara. The museum owns nearly 10,000 art pieces and historical artifacts, including the work of early Californian artist and university alumnus Ernest de Saisset and a considerable collection of California mission artifacts. The de Saisset recently completed a major renovation of its storage facilities and is open to the public free of charge.
Facility.
The building is located in front of Mission Santa Clara de Asís and has been a part of the University campus since 1955. It is one of only two museums in the San Jose area accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
The museum is housed in a three level building that conforms with the Mission Style prevalent on the Santa Clara campus and bears the de Saisset family crest above the foyer door. The ground floor holds a foyer, several rooms for visiting exhibits, and a large lecture hall for presentations and activities. The upstairs includes room for exhibits from the permanent collection and a bathroom, and the basement displays historical artifacts, artwork from the permanent collection, and houses viewing drawers for many of the European prints.
History.
de Saisset family.
Pedro de Saisset, the father of Isabel and Ernest, emigrated from France near the time of the gold rush intending to capitalize on the newfound wealth in the region. While in the area, he served as a consular representative in San Jose and founded the Brush Electric Light company in San Jose. While in San Jose, de Saisset married Maria Palomares and together had four children: Henrietta, Ernest, Pierre, and Isabel. Of these, Henrietta was the only one to marry, and none of the siblings had any children of their own.
Ernest was the oldest of the children and began his education at Santa Clara College when he was sixteen. He continued as a student for three years, showing potential in French and drawing. During the final year of his studies, Ernest studied painting with Fr. Tortone, who highly approved of his work. Since art instructors were in short supply in pioneer California, the de Saisset family sent Ernest to Paris for further study in art. In 1895, he returned to California; however, he died four years later.
Museum.
Before her death, Isabel de Saisset informed the President and governing board of the University of her wish to donate family real estate and the family art collection for the purpose of constructing a gallery and museum. Many of her personal items — jewels, silver, and tapestries — were also donated. Since that time, the museum has expanded its collections to include many objects from the United States and abroad.
"Highlights of the de Saisset’s permanent collection include Renaissance, Baroque, Rococo, and 19th century prints by artists such as Albrecht Dürer, William Hogarth, and Giovanni Battista Piranesi. Modernist prints in the de Saisset Collection include works by Marc Chagall, Henri Matisse, and Pablo Picasso." The Museum also houses important collections of contemporary prints and photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="2872747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872747" title="Costa Rican Civil War">
Costa Rican Civil War

The Costa Rican Civil War was the bloodiest event in 20th-century Costa Rican history. It lasted for 44 days (from 12 March to 24 April 1948), during which approximately 2,000 people are believed to have died. The conflict was precipitated by the vote of the Costa Rican Legislature, dominated by pro-government representatives, to annul the results of the presidential elections held in February, alleging that the triumph of opposition candidate Otilio Ulate had been achieved by fraud. This caused a rebel army under commander José Figueres to rise up against the government of President Teodoro Picado, which it quickly defeated. After the war, Figueres ruled for a year and a half as head of a provisional government junta which abolished the military and oversaw the election of a Constitutional Assembly in December, which subsequently produced the new 1949 constitution. The junta then stepped down and handed power to Ulate. Costa Rica has not experienced any significant political violence since.
Background.
In the 1940s, the Costa Rican political scene came to be dominated by Rafael Ángel Calderón, a medical doctor who served as President of Costa Rica from 1940 to 1944.10 The Constitution forbade consecutive reelection, so Calderón's National Republican Party had fielded as its candidate for the 1944 elections law professor Teodoro Picado, who was perceived as a weak figure controlled by Calderón. 
The Picado administration resorted several times to the use of military force in order to keep the peace, and pro-Calderón elements within the military institution would often become involved in street violence, which helped to sully the image of the military in the minds of the people. The Costa Rican communist movement, organized in the Popular Vanguard Party led by congressman Manuel Mora, was allied to Picado's government and contributed to the unrest by deploying its militia against the opposition. As the violence grew, supporters of the opposition began to carry guns, and the police began to threaten the use of firearms rather than just beating demonstrators.
Disgust with the government's violent reprisals against the opposition led to the "Huelga de Brazos Caídos," a strike that stalled commerce in Costa Rica for seven days. Pro-Calderón and communist demonstrators began to sack those businesses that participated in the strike, and Picado was forced to respond to the strike with force by intimidating merchants and professionals and threatening workers with dismissal and military service. By the end of the strike, police and military forces patrolled the streets, and San José appeared as if under a state of siege.5
Calderón himself was the ruling party's candidate for the election of 1948 and there were widespread fears that the government would intervene to ensure his triumph against his main opponent, journalist Otilio Ulate.10 To assuage these fears, Picado's government for the first time in Costa Rican history placed the election under the control of an independent Electoral Tribunal.
Figueres and the Caribbean Legion.
José Figueres, a Costa Rican businessman, had been forced into exile in Mexico on April 12, 1942 as a consequence of a radio broadcast in which he strongly criticized the Calderón regime. Figueres had returned to Costa Rica after the election of Picado. Before the elections of 1948, Figueres had already been planning for a war. Unlike Ulate, former president León Cortés, and the other members of the Costa Rican opposition, Figueres felt that Calderón would never allow a fair election to take place. Figueres began training the Caribbean Legion, an irregular force of 700. Hoping to use Costa Rica as a base, the Legion planned to move against other authoritarian governments in Middle America. Washington, D.C. officials followed the Legion’s activities with concern, especially after Figueres carried out a series of terrorist attacks inside Costa Rica during 1945 and 1946 that was supposed to climax in a general strike. But the people did not respond. 1, 3, 6, 8, 9
1948 elections and violent aftermath.
After a highly contentious electoral process plagued by violence and irregularities concluded on February 8, 1948, the independent Electoral Tribunal, by a split vote of 2 to 1, declared that opposition candidate Otilio Ulate, of the National Union Party, had been elected president. The National Republican Party candidate, former President Calderón, claimed that this result had been obtained by fraud and petitioned Congress, where the coalition of his own party and the communist Popular Vanguard Party held a majority, to void the results and call for a new election. When Congress granted this request the country erupted in chaos, as both sides accused the other of vote tampering and electoral fraud.4, 8 On the day that the government annulled the elections, police surrounded the home of Dr. Carlos Luis Valverde, where Ulate was and Figueres had been only moments before. Shots rang out, and Valverde fell dead on his doorstep. Ulate escaped but was later captured and imprisoned, all of which helped to paint an especially distasteful image of the military.6
Beginning of Civil War.
The annulment of the election results in 1948 and the attack on Dr. Valverde's home on the same day appeared to provide for Figueres the proof that he needed to show that the government had no intention of ceding to the will of the people. His hatred for Calderón, combined with his idealism, fueled his desire for war. On March 11, Figueres made the call that brought in the arms and military leaders Figueres needed for a successful campaign. On March 12, his National Liberation Army exchanged fire with government forces, and the war began.7
Ideological context.
Costa Rican politics have traditionally been guided by personal allegiances far more than by ideological consistency, and the Civil War of 1948 provides a striking example of this. Calderón had been elected president in 1940 as the candidate of the right, closely allied with the Roman Catholic Church and with the business elite, but his enthusiastic support for the Allies during World War II and especially his punitive measures against the rich and influential German community in Costa Rica, caused that elite to withdraw its support for him. Calderón then created a different political base by allying himself with the Costa Rican communists (the Popular Vanguard Party), led by Manuel Mora, and with the socially-progressive Catholic Archbishop of San José, Monsignor Víctor Manuel Sanabria, in order to pass legislation guaranteeing labor rights and creating a welfare state. Mora's communist militias provided important armed support for the government, both during the tense years of Picado's administration (1944–48) and during the Civil War itself.
The rebel forces led by Figueres were a disparate mix of anti-communist right-wingers, economically conservative elements weary of the welfare state (represented by the winner of the 1948 election himself, Otilio Ulate), and a social democrat intelligentsia which sought to strengthen the welfare state while ensuring democratic transparency. After their victory this alliance quickly fell apart. The right-wing faction, led by the junta's Minister of Public Safety, Édgar Cardona, attempted to overthrow Figueres and was excluded from the government thereafter. Figueres himself became closely identified with the social democrat faction, which later dominated his own National Liberation Party (PLN). The economically conservative groups under Ulate ended up allying themselves in the 1950s with Calderón's supporters to form a broad anti-PLN coalition.
This lack of ideological consistency is further underscored by the fact that during the Civil War the government forces, despite being allied to the Costa Rican communists, enjoyed the support of right-wing Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza, while Figueres's rebels, who as anti-communists were tacitly supported by the United States, received significant aid from leftist Guatemalan president Juan José Arévalo.
Fall of Cartago.
The National Liberation Army, as the rebel army called itself, slowly worked their way up the Pan American Highway, capturing small but important cities and ports with relative ease. The official army, which was then led by Picado's brother, was unable to organize an effective resistance to Figueres' National Liberation Army. Figueres also contended against the communist militias commanded by congressman Carlos Luis Fallas and against Nicaraguan soldiers who had been sent by Somoza to help the government retain power.
In Cartago, Costa Rica's second-largest city located only twelve miles from the capital, Figueres' forces met some considerable military opposition; however, the limited forces and supplies of the governmental forces quickly ran out, and Cartago fell into the hands of Figueres on April 12. Costa Rican President Picado, realizing that defeat was inevitable, sent notice to Figueres that he was willing to come to a compromise.
Picado's long-time political ally, Manuel Mora of the communist Popular Vanguard Party, had no intention of negotiating with Figueres. Mora's forces had sealed themselves up inside the capital of San José, and were determined not to capitulate as quickly as Picado. As the target of many of Figueres' criticisms about Costa Rica, Mora and his party were worried that a Figueres-led takeover might well lead to their expulsion from politics.
Figueres and United States policy.
Arévalo's help proved to be indispensable. The determining force was United States policy. The creators of that policy held little love for Figueres, but they were determined to destroy the ‘’Vanguardia Popular’’. Perhaps the Communist party had only seven thousand members, Ambassador Davis reported home, but it should hold the balance of political power in Congress and also constituted “some 70 percent of the police and army.” Writing within hours after the Communist overthrow of the Czechoslovak government (an event that severely shook Washington and other Western capitals), Davis warned that Costa Rica's condition was “in many respects similar to that prevailing in Eastern Europe.” When the State Department learned on 17 April 1948 that small Communist groups threatened to take over the capital of San José, US troops were placed on alert in the Canal Zone. Their mission was to move quickly into Costa Rica and stop the revolution before the Vanguardia Popular consolidated its power. It was a false alarm, but it indicated that regardless of any Good Neighbor policy sentiments, the possibility of unilateral U.S. intervention was no mere abstraction. 2
Throughout the conflict, Figueres received a steady supply of arms from Arévalo, while Picado’s forces were unable to exploit Somoza’s desire to help. The United States had ensured Somoza’s political impotence. Desperately wanting Nicaraguan help, Picado pleaded with Ambassador Davis to allow what was, after all, the recognized Costa Rican government to obtain help from Nicaragua so it could remain in power. Davis blandly “explained our well known policy of non-intervention” and then referred to the obligations of American nations non-intervene.” Picado bitterly observed that non-intervention was a fiction, Figueres had received “tons” of supplies from Arévalo, and rumors circulated of aid even from the Panamanian government. Davis ignored the charges. Picado then threatened to take the matter to the United Nations. “The United Nations machinery was cumbersome,” the State Department suavely but directly reminded the Costa Rican leader, and “immediate action on the part of the Council [Where the United States had a veto and controlled the majority of the votes could probably not be expected.”2
Surrender of Picado.
The day after the fall of Cartago, Picado—low on supplies and without any other source of support—sent a letter to Mora and National Republican leader, and former President Calderón stating that "the attempt to hold San José would be futile and catastrophic." Mora, facing the reality that now the United States was ready to act against him as well, gave in to Picado's plea. On April 19, Picado and Father Benjamín Núñez, an eminent labor leader within Costa Rica, signed The Pact of the Mexican Embassy, ending the armed uprising. On 24 April, Figueres' forces entered San José, almost six weeks after beginning their revolt in southern Costa Rica.
By its mobilization in the Canal Zone, constant pressure on Picado, and cutting off Somoza’s help, the United States determined the outcome of the revolution in April 1948.
With more than 2,000 dead, the 44-day civil war resulting from this uprising was the bloodiest event in 20th-century Costa Rican history.
Civil War repercussions.
Despite the fact that this civil war alone was relatively small in scale - its duration was short and about two thousand casualties - its consequences have had lasting results on the country and the region as a whole.
Note. This assertion is thoroughly disputed by Picado in his book "Memorias", ISBN 9968-31-164-2, published in 2001 by Editorial Estatal a Distancia, San José, Costa Rica. The new constitution also abolished the army, and gave Blacks and women the right to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2872749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872749" title="USS Conyngham (DD-371)">
USS Conyngham (DD-371)

The second USS "Conyngham" (DD-371) was a in the United States Navy before and during World War II. She was named for Gustavus Conyngham.
History.
"Conyngham" was launched 14 September 1934 by Boston Navy Yard; sponsored by Mrs. A. C. G. Johnson; and commissioned 4 November 1936, Commander G. C. Hoover in command.
In the spring of 1937, "Conyngham" made her maiden cruise to ports of northern Europe, and after overhaul at Boston, Massachusetts, sailed for San Diego, California where from 22 October she conducted training exercises. Operations along the west coast, in the Hawaiian Islands, and in the Caribbean continued until 2 April 1940, when she sailed from San Diego for Pearl Harbor, and duty with the security patrol. In March 1941, she sailed on a cruise to Samoa, Fiji, and Australia, returning to local operations from Pearl Harbor.
On 7 December 1941, when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, "Conyngham" lay moored at berth X-8, East Loch, Pearl Harbor, on the starboard side of a nest of five destroyers to port of destroyer tender Whitney (AD-4). To port of "Conyngham" lay Reid (DD-365), Tucker (DD-374), Selfridge (DD-357), and Case (DD-370). The nest of destroyers opened fire on the attacking Japanese, and downed several enemy planes.
"Conyngham" continued to patrol from Pearl Harbor through December, and after a brief overhaul at Mare Island, had escort duty between the west coast and the New Hebrides. In June 1942, "Conyngham's" escort duties were interrupted to screen carriers in the Battle of Midway, and fought on 4, 5, and 6 June.
"Conyngham" returned to escort duties until 16 October 1942, when she put out from Pearl Harbor to screen for action in the Southwest Pacific. She defended the carriers in the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands on 26 October. On 2 November, "Conyngham" bombarded Kokumbona, a village on the island of Guadalcanal, and while maneuvering in close quarters, collided with another destroyer. The resulting damage was temporarily repaired at Nouméa and completed at Pearl Harbor. "Conyngham" returned to Espiritu Santo 4 February 1943 to resume her support of the Guadalcanal operation. On 7 February she bombarded Doma Cove, and for the next 5 months, continued patrol and escort duties between bases in the South Pacific and Australia.
"Conyngham" brought gunfire support to Operation Chronicle, landings on Woodlark and Kiriwina Islands, off New Guinea from 1 to 3 July 1943, and on 23 August bombarded Finschhafen, New Guinea. On 4 September she screened landings at Lae, New Guinea, and was attacked by three bombers, which damaged her with near misses. Quickly repaired, she returned to Finschhafen 22 September to cover landings, and then sailed to Brisbane, Australia. She was back in action for the landings on Arawe, New Britain, on 15 December, on Cape Gloucester 26 December, and on Saidor, New Guinea, 2 January 1944. She continued duties in the New Guinea area, aside from a repair period in Australia in January 1944, until she sailed in March for an overhaul at San Francisco, California.
Returning to Majuro late in May 1944, "Conyngham" sailed with TF 58, screening battleships during the Marianas operation. On 13 June she fired in the bombardment of Saipan, and remained in the Marianas offering fire support, escort, and patrol services until August. After escorting ships in preparation for the return to the Philippines, "Conyngham" arrived in Leyte Gulf 4 November screening reinforcements. She was strafed by a float plane on 16 November, which wounded 17 of her men and caused slight damage to the ship. On 7 December she covered the landings in Ormoc Bay under heavy air attack, and on 11 December, entered Ormoc Bay again with reinforcements.
Fate.
Putting into Manus for replenishment 23 December 1944, "Conyngham" sailed on to Hollandia to join the screen of a convoy bound for Leyte and on the landings in Lingayen Gulf. Here she joined in preassault bombardment, and remained on patrol after the landings of 9 January 1945 until 18 January. At Subic Bay from 22 July for overhaul, she remained there at the close of the war, and was decommissioned 20 December 1946. Used as a target in the 1946 atomic weapons tests at Bikini, she was destroyed by sinking 2 July 1948 off the California coast.
"Conyngham" received 14 battle stars in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="2872765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872765" title="Lavagna">
Lavagna

Lavagna is a touristic port city of c. 13,000 inhabitants in the curving stretch of the Italian "Riviera di Levante" called the gulf of Tigullio, in the province of Genoa in Liguria. The "borgo" of Lavagna was an important Ligurian cultural center in the Middle Ages. Today its long straight beach is packed with August tourists.
History.
Lavagna developed in Roman times as Lavania. According to some historians, it was seat of a countship since Carolingian times. From 1198 it was a fief of the Fieschi family, who used Lavagna as their stronghold in the numerous inner struggles of the Republic of Genoa. 
In 1564 it was sacked by the African pirate Dragut. From 1815 it was part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, and, later, of the Kingdom of Italy.
Culture.
The city recreates neo-medieval festivities annually as the "Torta dei Fieschi", which has been recreating (since 1949) the festivities that surrounded the wedding in 1230 of Opizzo Fieschi, Conte di Lavagna, older brother of Sinibaldo, future Pope Innocent IV, with the Sienese patrician Bianca de' Bianchi. A colorful cortege through the streets reunites the inhabitants of the six medieval quarters ("sestieri") of Lavagna, as the gigantic cake is distributed among those in the crowd who have found the matching half of their tickets.
The characteristic shale that provides roofing "slates" in Liguria was traditionally quarried in the Capenardo and S. Giacomo mountains nearby.
Ceramic History.
The porcelain tile Lavagna Nera or Bianco is 30x60. It can be used on the floor and wall.

</doc>
<doc id="2872766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872766" title="Chaparral High School (Temecula, California)">
Chaparral High School (Temecula, California)

Chaparral High School in Temecula, California, is a public high school for grades 9–12. The school opened in 1997 with a class of freshmen and sophomores, and added juniors the following year and seniors after that, graduating its first class in 2000. It is Temecula's second high school after Temecula Valley. It became a California Distinguished School in 2001.
Chaparral High School was the second comprehensive high school built in the Temecula Valley Unified School District.
Student body.
Ethnically the student body is 57% Caucasian, 21% Latin/Hispanic, 5% Filipino, 6% African-American, -4% Asian, 2% Native American and 7% Other. Five percent of the student body is classified by the district as English limited. It has approximately 300,250,000 students and 30,000,000 teachers and staff members. 110% of the student body is eligible for free government lunches, compared to the state average of .45%.
Athletics.
Chaparral has 18 different sports that qualify for a varsity letter. Its mascot is the Puma.
In 2009 the varsity football team won the CIF Championship, beating Vista Murrieta High School in the final 13-7.
Academics.
The average dropout rate of the school is 1%, while 89% graduate and 38% graduate meeting either University of California or Cal State entry requirements.
Theater.
Along with a theater department, Chaparral also has an Improv team which has won 1st and 3rd place at the Fullerton Theater Competition. 2013-14 captain and co-captain are James "Two Lanes" Bowen and Avalon Penrose. Chaparral Actors Troupe opened the year with a successful run of Neil Simon's "FOOLS", directed by Mr. Irvin (assisted by Shannon McMahon and Joey Brown). The annual musical was an amazing take on the 1970's classic "Jesus Christ Superstar", again directed by Irvin (assisted by Alex Flores and Cassidy Oswalt). The year ended with senior-directed play, "My Sister Eileen" (assisted by Samuel Irvin and student stage manager Grant Reynolds). Two "Black Box Productions" were also directed by Lois Wyman; "War at Home" and "I Never Saw Another Butterfly". Next year's shows are to include "Noises Off", "9 to 5", and "Black Comedy".
Band.
The Platinum Sound and Emerald Guard is the marching band, which competes in the 2A class of the Western Band Association circuit. The Band is under the direction of Alan Underwood. Other programs include the Wind Ensemble which goes to SCSBOA festivals, Winter Drumline program that competes in A class in SCPA, the Jazz Band and Pep Band.

</doc>
<doc id="2872805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872805" title="Izon">
Izon

Izon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.

</doc>
