<doc id="2918212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918212" title="Douglass Adair">
Douglass Adair

Douglass Greybill Adair (March 5, 1912 – May 2, 1968) was an American historian who specialized in intellectual history. He is best known for his work in researching the authorship of disputed numbers of the "Federalist Papers", and his influential studies in the history and influence of republicanism in the United States during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries -- the era of the Enlightenment. His most famous essay "Fame and the Founding Fathers" introduced the pursuit of fame as a new method for understanding the actions for the Framers. 
Early life and education.
Adair was born in 1912 in New York City, but grew up in Birmingham and Mobile, Alabama. He attended the University of the South, where he received his B.A. in English literature; he later earned his M.A. degree at Harvard University, and his Ph.D. degree at Yale University; he was awarded his doctorate in 1943 for his dissertation, "The Intellectual Origins of Jeffersonian Democracy: Republicanism, the Class Struggle, and the Virtuous Farmer." This dissertation rejected the economic determinism associated with the highly-influential historical work of Charles A. Beard; indeed, the dissertation's title responded directly to the title of Beard's 1915 book, "The Economic Origins of Jeffersonian Democracy." Adair insisted that historical actors such as James Madison, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and Alexander Hamilton were guided by their education and creative interaction with ideas derived from the evolving Atlantic intellectual tradition. These ideas -- particularly the cluster of ideas, assumptions, habits of thought, and interpretative principles known as republicanism -- played a crucial role in the early development of the United States. Though the dissertation remained unpublished for decades, the list of those who borrowed it from Yale's library is described as a "who's who in early American history."
Career.
Adair taught at Princeton University, the College of William and Mary, and the Claremont Graduate School. From 1944 through 1955, Adair was the leading spirit in the launching, editing, and publication of the third series of the "William and Mary Quarterly", which soon became the leading journal in the field of early American history. Adair contributed many influential articles to the "Quarterly," including his classic two-part essay, "The Authorship of the Disputed Federalist Papers," and "The Tenth Federalist Revisited." He also wrote many book reviews, showing his mastery of the craft of reviewing and setting a standard for the field.
Marriage and family.
Adair married the poet Virginia Hamilton.
For an array of reasons, including depression associated with his inability to produce a full-length scholarly monograph in his field, Adair committed suicide in 1968. 

</doc>
<doc id="2918213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918213" title="Children of the Red King">
Children of the Red King

Children of the Red King is a series of eight children's fantasy school and adventure novels by the British author Jenny Nimmo, first published by Egmont 2002 to 2009. It is sometimes called the "Charlie Bone series" after its main character. A series of five books was announced in advance, completed in 2006, and sometimes the books were called the "Red King Quintet" until its continuation.
A prequel is in progress, "Chronicles of the Red King", whose second volume was published April 2012. The Internet Speculative Fiction Database catalogues the whole as the "Charlie Bone Universe" series.
Contents.
"Children of the Red King" comprises eight novels. All were first published by Egmont Books with cover art by David Wyatt. The first two were released in trade paperback editions, the others in hardcover.
In the United States, the books were released with the following titles (variants shown by bold type):
Plot summaries.
"Midnight for Charlie Bone".
Midnight for Charlie Bone is about 11 year old Charlie Bone as he starts to notice strange things happening to him. Charlie gets asked by a book store owner, Julia Ingledew, to find her long lost niece that her brother had traded for a case of some sort. This case was given to Charlie along with this seemingly impossible task of finding the lost girl as well as finding out about his special power. He can read the thoughts of people in photos when the photo was taken. His cruel and uncaring grandmother Bone and her even meaner sisters send him to Bloor's Academy which at first looks like a dreaded thing, but it could lead to the where abouts of the missing girl. With the help of Charlie's friend Benjamin and the loyal dog Runner Bean, as well as some of his family members, Charlie goes on his first adventure to Bloor's Academy with the hopes of not letting Miss Ingledew down.
"The Time Twister".
Charlie's great-uncle, Henry Yewbeam, is tricked into looking into the Time Twister while staying with his jealous cousin, Ezekiel Bloor at Bloor Manor. The Time Twister, a crystal ball which transports those who look at it to another point of time where the weather is the same as that at the departure point, takes Henry from 1916 to the present day without ageing him. Charlie, at Bloors Academy, which used to be the manor, witnesses his appearance and takes him to Mr Pilgrim's room. However, Blessed (known as Percy to Ezekiel) also sees this, and tells Billy Raven, an orphan who can communicate with animals and is acting as a spy for Ezekiel in return for the chance to be adopted. Ezekiel orders Billy to bring Henry to him. The next morning, Henry gets hungry, and leaves the safety of Mr Pilgrim's room. At midnight, Charlie goes down to the kitchens to find Cook, the friendly and helpful chef of the blue canteen, but comes across Henry directly. He says that he had met a "small lady in black", who had given him tea and sweets. It turns out the lady in black is the lady who owns the black glove that breaks Gabriel's fingers. The lady in black is also Manfred's mother(he slams the door on his mother's fingers while she was wearing the black glove, hence the breaking of Gabriel's fingers). Together they devise a plan: Henry will go in one of the canteen's freezers until the temperature is the same as winter in 1916, then look at the Time Twister and be transported back; Charlie will keep checking that he's still breathing. However, when they put their plan into action, the freezer door freezes shut. Hearing Charlie shout out, Cook comes running, and manages to heave the door open, revealing Henry who has turned blue and fainted of hypothermia. They take him back to Cooks top-secret quarters, where the Flames help revive him. Charlie then returns to his dormitory, with the help of a magical torch that Cook gives him which shows up details that aren't usually visible. Cook threatens Blessed, who lives in her quarters, not to tell Billy about her secret home or Henry. On his return to his dormitory, Charlie finds Billy, who has apparently just been bribed with cocoa. Charlie later finds out Henry is actually his grandfather's 'older' brother, from his Uncle Paton. Charlie and his friends make up a plan mother, cursed because she can never leave the castle. Manfred's mother escapes through the Time Twister to another time while Charlie and his Uncle Paton take Henry to live with Paton's father, James, by the sea.
" The Blue Boa".
The group finds out about an invisible boy named Ollie Sparks, who has been put in his condition by a blue snake with feathers. They also find out that Mr. Boldova, an art teacher, is actually Ollie's brother who's trying to save him. But the group finds that a mysterious girl named Belle has come to the school. Belle is really Yolanda Yewbeam, who is a shape-shifter, and Charlie's great aunt's aunt.
"The Castle of Mirrors".
Billy Raven has been adopted by a mysterious and evil couple called the de Grays. The de Grays are endowed and have created a force field to trap him on the weekends to prevent him escaping. A distant relative of Billy's is trying to adopt him but ends up dying for Charlie's Uncle Paton. Manfred and Ezekiel are brewing trouble for all the endowed children. However, the white horse that they reconstruct turns out to be the Red King's wife, Queen Berenice when Ezekiel tried to make her Borlath.
"Charlie Bone and the Hidden King".
Charlie is going to Bloor's school on a mission, to find his dad. Unfortunately, 'the shadow' is let free and causes trouble every where. On top of that, someone is charming Charlie's mum to forget about her life and true family!The shadow has cast a spell on her.And at last he discovers that his father is Mr.Pilgrim!
Charlie Bone and the Wilderness Wolf.
Charlie Bone and his Uncle Paton are visiting Charlie's old house while his parents are out whale watching (on their second honeymoon). While there he finds that his whole upstairs floor area was ripped up and they find that there were people inside the house earlier. When Charlie goes to Bloor's Academy he finds a new boy is there that he has to guide around. His name is Dagbert Endless because his last names are "as endless as the seas". Dagbert's endowment is to drown other people, controlling water. Dagbert has to be around Charlie all the time, so he starts to drive his friends away by insulting them. Later Charlie finds out that his great Aunt Venetia is getting married to a man who has two young children.
Meanwhile, there is a weird howling that the whole town could hear. The town decides to call it the "wilderness wolf" and thinks that it's dangerous. When Charlie goes home for the weekend his Uncle gets bitten by a creature outside their house. He claims that the things were definitely not a wolf as everyone else thought, but more of a human. When the town holds a meeting, Charlie's friend Benjamin proposes the idea that Charlie's classmate Asa Pike might be the creature since earlier he betrayed Manfred Bloor and helped Charlie get his father back. Charlie's great Aunt Venetia dropped her new children at Ingledew's bookshop. Little Eric was endowed, but Miranda was not.
When Charlie goes back to Bloor's he is told by Billy Raven that the Wilderness Wolf is shouting "Help". When there is gunshots one night Billy tells Charlie that he heard it howl "Father". Later that week Charlie wakes up to his friend Naren sending the message goodbye. When he tried to talk back Dagbert sees the message and Charlie confronts him. While talking Dagbert experiences wild symptoms, such as glowing and pain. He keeps telling Charlie to get his Sea Gold Creatures from under his pillow. When he gets better Dagbert explains how it is his birthday and how he is now more powerful then his father. When Charlie goes home for the weekend Benjamin explains his plan about Asa Pike and Charlie thinks that could be right. He decides that he has to help Asa because Asa risked everything to help him and his father. So he, Olivia, Benjamin and Runner Bean go into the forest looking for him. Instead they find Asa's mother as they realize that Asa's father was shot and was now dead. On their way across a dangerous metal bridge the water rises so high that Runner Bean was washed away. Charlie's wand (which was turned into a moth) ends up helping them from drowning and Charlie sees the Red King across the bridge. Benjamin goes off to find Runner Bean and Charlie and Olivia bring Mrs. Pike to the Pet's Cafe. There she explains her story of how she thought that Asa would be good at Bloors Academy with Manfred as his friend, but they explained how they took him away because of how he betrayed them. Charlie leaves and remembers that he has to pick up Billy's Rat from a Kettle store. When he gets there the lady gives him a strange kettle that gets warm when he was in danger.
Charlie and Billy make a plan to go save Asa from under ground. When they go they see Asa in his beast form, but Charlie finds that Billy lost his endowment. They decide that he needs to change back into his human form before they can talk to him. When Billy uses his special candles and Charlie uses his wand (moth) Asa turns into his human form as they leave the area. They see the Red King and they agree that Asa should go with him. Asa thanks Charlie for helping him and leaves.
"Charlie Bone and the Shadow of Badlock".
The enchanter Count Harken is back to take his revenge on the Red King's heirs, starting with Charlie Bone's family! Charlie's ancestors have been kidnapped and imprisoned in the dark, forbidding land of Badlock, and it's up to him to save them. Traveling through a painting to the terrifying countryside, Charlie and his best friend's dog, Runner Bean, take up the quest. But when Runner Bean gets stuck in the painting, Charlie needs the help of his friends. Can they get past an army of trolls, rescue Runner Bean and Charlie's ancestors, "and" get out before it's too late, or will Count Harken finally succeed?
"Charlie Bone and the Red Knight".
The evil Bloors are collecting even more powerful and magical allies. In the early proceedings, these allies are just sinister whispers and shadow but later on, these allies are daylight robbers and descendants of Count Harken. The cronies are taking over the city and driving everyone away. Charlie is determined to stop them. However with the Pets Cafe closed, Billy trapped in Badlock, and Olivia "taken over," it looks like Charlie's only hope is the mysterious Red Knight. In the meantime, Charlie and his friends are searching for a will that reveals everything including who really owns Bloor's Academy. Paton believes the Raven family rightfully owns it which means Billy could inherit the academy if the will can be found. However, Charlie is in for a surprise when the will is revealed. The Red Knight is revealed to be none other than Lyell Bone himself, who wanted to watch his son near to him, but in a disguise. The will is hidden in the church where Lyell played, and the academy is owned by the Bones. Manfred and Ezekiel die in a freak accident, and Dr. Bloor moves away, (presumably to Paris, where his wife lives), along with all the evil people in the city. Bloor's becomes Bone Academy, and is proclaimed the happiest school in the city. Billy is adopted by Lyell and Amy, Paton and Julia marry, and they move together to the bookstore. The book (and series) ends when Billy whispers to Charlie at the Pet's Cafe, "Tancred and Emma are holding hands."
Characters.
Children of the Red King.
"Charlie Bone", the protagonist, can travel into photographs and pictures. Through his father, he is descended from the Red King and through his mother, from Mathonwy, a Welsh magician and friend of the Red King. He can use his powers to talk to the people inside them, on some occasions he can take items from the paintings. This was first discovered in the second book of the series. Main character of the series.
Idith and Inez Branko are telekinetic twins, distantly related to Zelda Dobinsky, who has left Bloor's Academy.
Manfred Bloor is known to be a hypnotist and is one of the main antagonists. He hypnotized Lyell Bone, causing Lyell to lose his memory. Toward the end of the series, Manfred's endowment changes and develops into that of his ancestor Borlath's, which is the generation and control of fire.
Zelda Dobinski descended from a long line of Polish magicians. Her endowment is telekinetic. She can move objects with her mind and is distantly related to Inez and Idith Branko. She leaves Bloor's Academy in the third book and goes to study Math in a university.
Dagbert Endless can control water and is a follower of the Bloors until the Eighth book. His father, Lord Grimwald, drowned Cook's parents and Cook's fiancé, he says that he accidentally drowned Tancred.
Dorcas Loom can bewitch clothing and has two brothers. She is often referred to as 'Dorc', causing some people to call her a dork.
Una Onimous, the niece of Orvil Onimous and Onoria Onimous, has the endowment of invisibility.
Asa Pike, a werewolf, can change his shape at dusk. He was Manfred's sidekick until book 5 when he helped Charlie and his friends by releasing the red king. For this he was punished.
Naren Bloor, Bartholemew Bloor's daughter, can send Shadow words over great distances. She had disappeared and Charlie Bone finds out she was on the sea when Lord Grimwald tried to drown his parents in the sea.
Billy Raven, an albino, has the ability to speak to animals. He is an orphan, was briefly adopted in Book 4 but the parents were horrible. He is adopted by the Bones at the end of the final book.
Lysander Sage descended from an African wise man and can call up his spirit ancestors. Lysander is Tancred's best friend. Lysander has two sisters, Hortense and Alexandra, who are both unendowed. He inherited his ability from his mother, Jessamine Sage. Lysander's father is a powerful judge in the city. Lysander also is good friends with Charlie Bone.
Eric Shellhorn, a stone animator, can bring any stone statue to life. He lives with his step-mum (or mom) Venetia Yewbeam, because his sister (Miranda) and father (Arthur) escaped from the city. Venetia poisoned a shawl which stopped Eric's mother's heart, then made Arthur marry her.
Gabriel Silk can feel scenes and emotions through the clothing of others. He comes from a long line of psychics.
Joshua Tilpin has magnetism and descended from Lilith, the Red King's oldest daughter, and Harken, the evil enchanter who married her.
Emma Tolly can turn into birds and fly, and is an excellent artist specializing in drawing birds. She was hypnotized by Manfred Bloor for eight years and renamed Emilia Moon. Charlie and his friends rescue her and she lives with her aunt, Julia Ingledew because her parents died and her Dad made the mistake of giving her to the Bloors. She saved Tancred from drowning and started dating Tancred at the end of the last book.
Tancred Torsson is a storm-bringer. His Scandinavian ancestor was named after the thunder god, Thor. Tancred can bring wind, thunder, snow, rain, and lightning. Also very dear friend of Lysander Sage. Tancred was also almost drowned by Dagbert Endless in the seventh book.
Olivia Vertigo is an illusionist, but she does not discover her endowment until the fourth book. She is constantly changing her appearance, especially her hair color.
Other endowed characters.
Alice Angel is a witch and godmother to Olivia Vertigo. She left because she didn't need to be there any more but came back when Olivia was "tricked". Her opposite is Titania Tilpin, and took care of Mr. Crowquill (Billy Raven's guardian) until he died saving Charlie's uncle Paton.
Cook (Treasure) is the 'lodestone' at Bloor's. She keeps the balance. She is currently hiding from Lord Grimwald who she refused to marry. She has a sister, Pearl, who is looking after one of Charlie's relatives who is also in hiding from the same man (he killed her parents and destroyed her home after they refused). She is endowed with tranquility. She lives in a series of underground rooms in her kitchen.
Dr. Saltweather doesn't really have an endowment, but he's immune to water. He becomes headmaster to Bone Academy (rename after the Bloors left).
Titania Tilpin, mother of Joshua Tilpin and also known as Miss Chrystal, was discovered to be a witch. She eventually leaves the Academy but stays working with the Bloors. Her opposite is Alice Angel.
Mr. Torsson is a very powerful weather-monger like his son, Tancred
Senor Alvaro has the power to make people believe things with images he puts in their minds.
Eustacia Yewbeam is a clairvoyant and child minder. She is one of Charlie's great-aunts. She lives in the second thirteen in Darkly Wynd. She grows every single plant and herb in her garden, and in the third book Charlie and his friends had to steal a special herb to heal Paton.
Paton Yewbeam is Charlie's great-uncle and is one of the few good Yewbeam characters. His endowment is power-boosting, meaning he can explode lights. Because of his endowment, Paton does not go out in daylight, in fear of exploding lights of intersections or in shops. Instead, Paton prefers to take walks alone at night. Paton has a developing relationship with Julia Ingledew. It is implied that Paton had kept his head down before Charlie was born, but since Charlie's efforts to fight against the Bloors, Paton has aided Charlie in his efforts. Paton is also a historian and a lover. He is constantly working on a book about the children of the Red King. He was also run over by his sister Venetia in the second book. He gets married to Julia Ingledew in the last book.
Venetia Yewbeam is the youngest and most cunning of the four sisters. She has the same endowment as Dorcas and is the step-mother to Eric Shellhorn.
Samuel Sparks was disguised as an art teacher at Bloors Academy hoping to find his brother Ollie. Samuel can heat up rocks and make them sparkle. His brother Ollie was Invisible and after he was turned visible by Charlie Bone, he and Ollie Left Bloors academy to go to the sparkling castle.
Unendowed characters.
Amy Bone is Charlie's mother. She is married to Lyell Bone (who is found in the fifth book) and her mother, Maisie, lives with them. She is also descended from the Welsh magician, Mathonwy. She works at a greengrocer and is not endowed.
Lyell Bone is the son of Grizelda Yewbeam and Montague Bone, who disappeared after "breaking the rules" according to Grizelda. Everyone thought that he was in a car accident, and that he drove into a quarry. Lyell was hypnotized by Manfred Bloor, and he was looked down on for marrying Amy Bone because she wasn't endowed. Lyell is not endowed; however he is a very talented musician, especially in piano and the organ. Lyell found out he was the heir to Bloor's Academy when they found the will and saw the connections in book 8. Also, he and Charlie are the only two children of the Red King that are descendants of Borlath, Amadis, and Amoret.
Benjamin Brown is one of Charlie's best friends and lives across the street from him at number 12 Filbert Street. He has no endowment. His dog is called Runner Bean.
Fidelio Gunn is not endowed, but is an excellent musician. He comes from a family of musicians and owns a deaf cat. He is one of Charlie's loyal and best friends.
Julia Ingledew is the owner of Ingledew's Bookstore and is Emma Tolly's aunt. She has a relationship with Paton Yewbeam and marries him at the end of the book.
Maisie Jones is Amy Bone's mother and descendant of Mathonwy, the Welsh magician and friend to the Red King.
Onoria Onimous, Orvil Onimous' wife and owner of the Pets Cafe, has a great love for animals.
Orvil Onimous is the husband of Onoria Onimous and co-owner of the Pets Cafe. Also is an expert on the Red King and his history. He and his wife help Charlie and his friends in every way they can. Orvil was also almost killed by his doorman Norton Cross while he was cycling with his wife.
Grizelda Yewbeam is Lyell Bone's mother and therefore Charlie Bone's grandmother. She is sister to Eustacia, Venetia, Lucretia and Paton Yewbeam. She is daughter to James Yewbeam and Solange Sourzac Yewbeam. She has no endowment. Although related to Charlie, she and her sisters, in league with the Bloors, are constantly trying to thwart him.
Charlie Bone Universe.
Nimmo and Egmont have completed three volumes of a prequel, "Chronicles of the Red King", released in paperback April 2011, April 2012 and August 2013. The Red King rather than Charlie Bone provides the connection but the Internet Speculative Fiction Database catalogs the whole as the "Charlie Bone Universe" series.

</doc>
<doc id="2918233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918233" title="ZUM">
ZUM

ZUM may refer to:
Zum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2918253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918253" title="Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport">
Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport

Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport is located west southwest of Botwood, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918254" title="Fogo Aerodrome">
Fogo Aerodrome

Fogo Aerodrome is south of Fogo, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918257" title="Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome">
Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome

Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome is located in Terrington Basin at Lake Melville, near Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada and is open from June to November.

</doc>
<doc id="2918265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918265" title="Ilmater">
Ilmater

Ilmater ( ) is a fictional deity in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Publication history.
Ed Greenwood created Ilmater for his home "Dungeons & Dragons" game, created with similarities to the fictional deity Issek of the Jug, created by Fritz Leiber for the short story "Lean Times in Lankhmar".
His name, though, bears a resemblance to that of "Ilmatar", the mother of Väinämöinen, from the Finnish Kalevala (and it would not be his first or only borrowing from Finnish mythology).
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition (1977-1988).
Ilmater first appeared within Dungeons & Dragons as one of the deities featured in Ed Greenwood's article "Down-to-earth Divinity" in "Dragon" #54 (October 1981). Ilmater is introduced as the god of endurance, suffering, martyrdom, and perseverance, a lawful good lesser god from the plane of the Twin Paradises. He is described as having the appearance of "a broken man, with smashed hands which he constantly uses. He is the willing sufferer," and that he has the "power to manifest himself in creatures being tortured, but only if such creatures are of good alignment and have not done anything to deserve such treatment." Ilmater's role within the cosmology is also defined: "Torm and Ilmater serve Tyr, and worshippers and priests do the will of this Triad willingly." Ilmater is commonly worshipped by lawful good thieves, clerics, and characters employed as guards.
Ilmater later officially appeared as one of the major deities for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting, in the "Forgotten Realms Campaign Set"'s "Cyclopedia of the Realms" booklet (1987).
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989-1999).
Ilmater was described in the hardback "Forgotten Realms Adventures" (1990), the revised "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (1993) in the "Running the Realms" booklet, and "Faiths & Avatars" (1996). His clergy was further detailed in "Warriors and Priests of the Realms" (1996), and "Prayers from the Faithful" (1997).
His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996).
His relationships with the nonhuman deities in the Forgotten Realms was covered in "Demihuman Deities" (1998).
Ilmater is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.0 edition (2000-2002).
Ilmater appears as one of the major deities of the Forgotten Realms setting again, in "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (2001), and is further detailed in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Description.
Ilmater is known also as the "Crying God", the "Lord on the Rack", the One Who Endures and the "Broken God". He seeks to offer words of comfort and calming to those in pain, oppressed, or in great need. He will seek to endure any pain if it will lessen the pain of another. As a result, the Crying God and his followers are a bane to Loviatar and her worshippers. At any opportunity, the followers of Loviatar will seek to torment Ilmater's people, finding the greatest pleasure in forcing a restrained Ilmatian to watch someone else be tortured to a slow and painful death. 
Often Ilmater is found traveling with Tyr, to whom he is allied. Ilmater seeks to teach Tyr to live without his sight and to rely upon his feelings instead. 
Followers of the Crying God are often perceived as martyrs and intentional sufferers, to the point of ridicule by some, largely those associated with less goodly gods such as the aforementioned Loviatar. However, they are known as some of the best healers in the realms, and are often found in some of the worst possible conditions, helping the oppressed, the diseased and the poor. In adventuring groups, they are often the ones who will take all risks to save a person in danger, putting the needs of others above their own, to the exclusion of their personal risk. 
In the early days, Ilmater's symbol was that of a blood-stained rack, but with the change to his current symbol of two hands bound with a red cord, his popularity has increased, especially among the poor in the cities. 
The church of Ilmater sponsors an order of paladins called the Holy Warriors of Suffering. 
Ilmaters allies include Tyr, Torm and Lathander. His foes are Loviatar, Malar and Talos.
Ilmaters clerics generally multiclass to paladin, monk, and the Martyred Champion of Ilmater prestige class.

</doc>
<doc id="2918271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918271" title="CCP2">
CCP2

CCP2 may stand for:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="2918285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918285" title="Velagapudi Ramakrishna">
Velagapudi Ramakrishna

Velagapudi Ramakrishna was an Indian Civil Service (ICS) officer, industrialist, and philanthropist. He started the KCP group of companies in 1941 with a co-operative sugar factory in Andhra Pradesh. His pioneering industrializing efforts in the erstwhile Madras State are commendable.
Family.
Ramakrishna was born in 1896 in the village Bellamvaripalem (Nagaram mandal, near Repalle) in the Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, India. He studied at Oxford University and acquired B.Sc. and M.A. degrees. His father (pre-adoption surname: Katragadda) originally came from Tellapadu, Maddipadu Mandal, in Prakasam District.
He was survived by two sons and a daughter: V. Maruthi Rao, V. Lakshmana Dutt, and Rajeshwari Ramakrishnan.
Memorial institutions.
The Velagapudi Ramakrishna Siddhartha Engineering College, near Vijayawada has been posthumously named after him.
He also funded the VSR & NVR College in Tenali and the Sri Velagapudi Ramakrishna Memorial College in Nagaram, Guntur district.
The Andhra Chamber of Commerce building in Chennai has also been named after Velagapudi Ramakrishna.
V Ramakrishna Polytechnic in Thiruvottiyur, Near Chennai is an institution within KCP campus and is named in memory of Velagapudi Ramakrishna

</doc>
<doc id="2918294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918294" title="Lathander">
Lathander

Lathander ( ), the "Morninglord", is a fictional deity of the "Forgotten Realms" Dungeons & Dragons campaign setting devised by Ed Greenwood. He also plays a role in the Ravenloft setting (but is always called "the Morninglord" there, not by his proper name).
God of spring, dawn, birth, renewal, creativity, youth, vitality, self-perfection and athletics, his domains are good, nobility, protection, renewal, strength, and sun. He requires his followers to be of neutral or good alignment.
Lathander favours those who dispel the undead and aid others. He blesses those who plant new life.
Many followers of Lathander work in various creative arts, such as music, painting, entertaining, and the creation of works of fine art. Lathander is also the god called upon to bless birth- and fertility-related ceremonies.
Novice clerics in the Lathanderian faith are called the Awakened, and they gain the title of Dawnbringer upon becoming full priests. In ascending order of rank, the titles in general use by the Dawnbringers are Dawngreeter, Dawnlord (the church does not use feminine form of titles often), High Dawnlord, Dawnmaster, Morninglord, High Morninglord, Morningmaster, High Morningmaster, and Sunrise Lord.
Publication history.
Ed Greenwood created Lathander for his home Dungeons & Dragons game, set in the Forgotten Realms world.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition (1977-1988).
Lathander first appeared within Dungeons & Dragons as one of the deities featured in Ed Greenwood's article "Down-to-earth Divinity" in "Dragon" #54 (October 1981). Lathander is introduced as God of the Morning, the god of spring, dawn, conception, vitality, eternal youth, renewal, self-perfection, and beginnings; he is the neutral good greater god from the plane of Elysium. Lathander is described as appearing as "a rosy radiance or mist, usually on a hauntingly beautiful morning", and the article states that "Offerings are often made to Lathander by those who worship other deities upon the occasion of a new beginning, the formation of a fellowship or alliance, and similar happenings." Lathander's alliances among the gods are detailed: "Chauntea and Lathander work together, and often do so in alliance with Silvanus and his gods ... against The Gods of Fury." Lathander is commonly worshipped by neutral good thieves and clerics, and by characters working as leeches, surgeons, midwives, poets, artists, scribes, and farmers.
Lathander later officially appeared as one of the major deities for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting, in the "Forgotten Realms Campaign Set"'s "Cyclopedia of the Realms" booklet (1987).
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989-1999).
Lathander was described in the hardback "Forgotten Realms Adventures" (1990), the revised "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (1993) in the "Running the Realms" booklet, and "Faiths & Avatars" (1996). His clergy was further detailed in "Warriors and Priests of the Realms" (1996), and "Prayers from the Faithful" (1997).
His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996).
His relationships with the nonhuman deities in the Forgotten Realms was covered in "Demihuman Deities" (1998).
Lathander is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.0 edition (2000-2002).
Lathander appears as one of the major deities of the Forgotten Realms setting again, in "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (2001), and is further detailed in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.5 edition (2003-2007).
The possibility of Lathander being a reincarnation or an aspect of the god Amaunator was discussed in "Lost Empires of Faerûn" (2005).
Dungeons & Dragons 4th edition (2008-).
In the 4th edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide", Lathander is described as one of the gods who imprisoned Cyric in the Supreme Throne as punishment for his murder of Mystra. In the chaos following Mystra's death and Cyric's imprisonment, Netheril was restored, which prompted the revelation that Lathander was, in fact, Amaunator, god of the sun. Amaunator has reclaimed his full suite of powers and his original mission, effectively ending Lathander's stint as a deity. He fondly remembers his time as Lathander, however, and encourages some of his clergy, the Morninglords, to keep Lathander's message of hope and optimism alive.
Practice of faith.
Most ceremonies of Lathander are held at dawn and actions and contracts agreed to at sunrise are said to be blessed by him. Funerals among his followers are held at dusk, and followed by wakes that last until dawn.
The church of Lathander sponsors a small restricted order of paladins and fighters called "The Order of the Aster".
The charge given to most novice postulants to the faith is:
Lathander's dogma is filled with stories of optimism and perseverance. It is important to feel good about an upcoming event or else it will naturally go awry through negative thinking. Favorite sayings of Lathander include: 
Far more importance is placed on acting in the service of Lathander by helping, encouraging, and aiding than in strict adherence to rituals, rules, and the dictates of superior clergy.
Death is considered a reward for the clerics because they are "going to Lathander" in the afterlife. Most clerics are not raised unless they are needed to finish a task.
Followers of Lathander seek to build anew and to rebuild. They seek to make lands more productive and push civilization to improve itself through interracial harmony, cooperation, pursuit of the arts and progress.
The Risen Sun heresy.
Some followers of Lathander insisted that he was in fact the reincarnation of Amaunator, the Netherese god of the sun. Others took this heresy further, claiming that he would take up the mantle of the lawful neutral Amaunator again, and that the transformation from deity of the morning to sun god was imminent. This ultimately proved to be true, as Lathander has now come to call himself Amaunator. 
This also makes reference to an extremely similar Deity in the Greyhawk campaign setting: Pelor, the Sun God. Considering that Pelor is the chief (though not official) Deity of humans in his realm, it is not entirely unlikely that The Morninglord is an incarnation of Pelor, having migrated to Abeir-Toril along with the human race, having been enslaved by the ancient Imaskarian Empire.
Relationships.
Lathander is known to have had an on and off romantic relationship with Chauntea for centuries. His other allies are Gond, Tymora, Tyr, Torm, Ilmater, Sune, Selûne, Oghma and Mielikki. His foes are Cyric, Talos and Shar.
4th edition.
Amaunator's allies and enemies have changed little since his days as Lathander: Siamorphe, the minor goddess of human nobility, serves as his exarch, while Waukeen, the goddess of commerce, has relocated her "Great Marketplace" to "Eternal Sun", Amaunator's Astral Dominion.

</doc>
<doc id="2918296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918296" title="León Kilat">
León Kilat

Pantaleón Villegas y Soldi (July 27, 1873 – April 8, 1898) better known as León Kilat ("Lightning León" in Cebuano), was a revolutionary leader in Cebu during the Philippine Revolution against Spain. He was born in Bacong, Negros Oriental, to Don Policarpio Villegas and Doña Úrsula Soldi. His grandfather was Don Pedro Villegas, a native of Spain, and Dorotea, a daughter of a "capitán" of Bacong.
In 1895, he worked at Botica Antigua located in the corner of Calle del Palacio and Calle Legazpi (Burgos and Legazpi). It was a well-known drugstore frequented by many Cebuans. With him were Ciriaco Murillo and Eulogio Duque who told the writer Manuel Enríquez de la Calzada that Pantaleón actually used the name "Eulogio", instead of Pantaleón. Because there were two Eulogios working in the drugstore, the German owner had to call him instead "León". Why he used the name "Eulogio" was not known.
Villegas did not stay long at Botica Antigua. He transferred to a bakery in Pahina (Fagina). From there he moved on to a circus owned by Tagalogs on their way to Manila. The circus happened to be owned by a katipunero. It was there that he was recruited into the secret council of the Katipunan.
During the rebellion against Spain, Kilat led the revolutionaries in Cebu. Initially intending to begin the rebellion on Easter Sunday, he was forced to change his plans when the Spaniards discovered the planned revolt. Kilat and his men began the rebellion in Cebu on Palm Sunday, April 3, 1898. He was, however, betrayed and murdered on Good Friday, April 8, 1898, in Carcar, Cebu. He was stabbed to death by his own aide-de-camp, Apolinario Alcuitas.
The town of Bacong in Negros Oriental has honored Villegas with a statue erected in the town plaza in 1926. On July 27, 2008, the 135th anniversary of Villegas' birth, the Philippine National Historical Institute turned over a historical marker in honor of Villegas to local and provincial officials in his hometown.

</doc>
<doc id="2918300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918300" title="Goose Bay">
Goose Bay

Goose Bay may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2918308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918308" title="Ryan Malgarini">
Ryan Malgarini

Ryan Timothy Malgarini (born June 12, 1992) is an American actor and former child actor, best known for his role as Harry Coleman in "Freaky Friday" (2003).
Early life.
Malgarini was born Ryan Timothy Malgarini in Renton, Washington on June 12, 1992.
Career.
Malgarini became interested in acting as a result of watching his grandmother Gloria Malgarini's involvement in commercials. At age 5, he was delighted to spot her in a commercial for "Senior Dimensions," a Nevada-based healthcare provider, he pointed at the television and said, "I want to do that!". 
From that point on, Malgarini would appear as an extra for some of his grandmother's commercials. He was soon appearing in commercials for McDonald's and Washington Mutual. Malgarini also took acting classes at the famed Young Actors Space in Los Angeles which earned him an agent and a manager. 
In 2002, Malgarini made his film debut in "The United States of Leland" (released in 2004), playing a 6-year-old boy in flashback scenes. This was a rather challenging role for Malgarini, since it required him to weep for the first time on screen in a funeral scene.
In 2003, he played the role of Harry Coleman in Disney's comedy hit "Freaky Friday" starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan. He appeared with Tom Hanks in a test film to develop the "performance capture" technology for "The Polar Express" in 2004.
Malgarini appeared as Benjy in the 2006 film adaptation of "How to Eat Fried Worms", the beloved gross-out children's novel by Thomas Rockwell.
According to an interview with Malgarini on his official site, he starred as the main character Ugly in the musical "Honk!". He appeared in "" in 2004. He appeared in "Gary Unmarried" as Gary's (Jay Mohr) son Tom.
Malgarini also appeared in "Go Figure" in 2005.
In 2011 Malgarini gave an award winning performance in the CBS sitcom Mike & Molly.

</doc>
<doc id="2918309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918309" title="Augustus Earle">
Augustus Earle

Augustus Earle (c. 1793 – c. 1838) was a London-born travel artist. Unlike earlier artists who worked outside Europe and were employed on voyages of exploration or worked abroad for wealthy, often aristocratic patrons, Earle was able to operate quite independently - able to combine his lust for travel with an ability to earn a living through art. The unique body of work he produced during his travels comprises one of the most significant documentary records of the effects of European contact and colonisation during the early nineteenth century. 
Earle was the third child and youngest son of an American-born father, James Earl (Augustus later added an 'e' to the name), an artist, and his Anglo-Irish wife, Georgina Caroline Smyth nee Pilkington, the widow (with two children) of Joseph Brewer Palmer Smyth, and American loyalist who emigrated to England. Earle's father James was a member of the prominent American Earle family. The elder of his two sisters was Phoebe Earle (1790–1863), also a professional painter and wife of the artist Denis Dighton, while his older half-sister was Elizabeth Anne Smyth (1787-1838), and his older half-brother was the scientist Admiral William Henry Smyth (1788-1865). There is no record of him marrying or having children.
Earle received his artistic training in the Royal Academy and was already exhibiting there at the age of 13. Earle exhibited classical, genre and historical paintings in six Royal Academy exhibitions between 1806 and 1814. In 1815, at the age of twenty-two, Earle's half-brother, William Henry Smyth had sought and was given permission by Lord Exmouth to allow Earle passage through the Mediterranean aboard the Scylla that Smyth commanded & which was part of Admiral Exmouth's Royal Navy fleet. Earle thus visited Sicily, Malta, Gibraltar and North Africa, before returning to England in 1817. A portfolio of drawings from this voyage is held by the National Gallery of Australia, Canberra[http://cs.nga.gov.au/].
In March 1818, Earle left England, bound for the United States of America on the first stage of a journey that would end up taking him around-the-world to South America, Tristan da Cunha, New South Wales, New Zealand, the Pacific, Asia, India, Mauritius and St Helena before returning home in late 1829.
The first leg of Earle's 1818 voyage took him first to New York, before moving on to Philadelphia, where he exhibited two paintings at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts. No artworks are known to survive from this period. Continuing his voyage in February 1820, Earle sailed for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, visiting Chile in June and was resident in Lima, Peru from July to December. On 10 December 1820, Earle left Lima for Rio de Janeiro aboard the "HMS Hyperion". During the subsequent three years spent in Rio de Janeiro, Earle produced a large number of sketches and watercolours. 
A number of the works produced dealt with the subject of slavery, including "Punishing negroes at Cathabouco (Calobouco), Rio de Janeiro", "Negro fandango scene, Campo St. Anna nr. Rio", and "Games at Rio de Janeiro, during the Carnival". Other works included landscapes and a series of portraits.
On 17 February 1824, he left Rio de Janeiro aboard the ageing "Duke of Gloucester" bound for the Cape of Good Hope, and onwards to Calcutta. Earle's departure was due to a letter containing the 'most flattering offers of introduction to Lord Amherst, who had just left England to take upon himself the government of India' In the mid-Atlantic storms forced the ship to anchor off the remote island of Tristan da Cunha. During the ship's stay in the island's waters, Earle went ashore with his dog and a crew member, Thomas Gooch, attracted by the idea that 'this was a spot hitherto unvisited by any artist'[http://nla.gov.au/nla.cat-vn586912. Three days later the "Duke of Gloucester" inexplicably set sail, leaving Earle and Gooch on the island, which had only six permanent adult inhabitants. In the ensuing eight months of enforced stay on the Island, between March and November, Earle became a tutor to several children, and continued to record impressions of the island until his supplies ran out.
Sixteen works survive from the stay on Tristan da Cunha, including "Government House, Tristan D'Acunha (i.e. da Cunha)", which was reproduced in his Narrative and [http://nla.gov.au/nla.pic-an2818185 "Flinching a young sea elephant".
Earle was finally rescued on 29 November by the "Admiral Cockburn", which had stopped off on its voyage to Hobart, Van Diemen's Land (Van Diemen's Land was renamed Tasmania in 1856 honour of Abel Tasman) where he landed on 18 January 1825. He remained in Hobart briefly, and only a small number of works survive from this period, including "June Park, Van Dieman's (sic) Land, perfect park scenery", and "Cape Barathas, (i.e. Barathus) Adventure Bay, Van Dieman's (i.e. Diemen's) Land".
Earle left Hobart for Sydney aboard the brig "Cyprus", arriving there on 14 May. He soon established a reputation as the colony's first & foremost artist of significance. Upon setting up a small business, Earle received a number of requests for portraits. These commissions came from a number of Sydney's establishment figures & leading families. Throughout this time, Earle also continued to produce a number of water colours which mainly fall into three categories : landscapes, Aboriginal subjects, and a series of views of public and private buildings that record the development of the colony. One of his most famous works is a lithographic print entitled "Portrait of Bungaree, a native of New South Wales, with Fort Macquarie, Sydney Harbour, in background". 
Earle also made several excursions to outlying areas of the colony, travelling north of Sydney via the Hunter River as far as Port Stephens and Port Macquarie and, between April and May 1827, he travelled to the Illawarra district south of Sydney. Gaining acceptance within Sydney 'society' he decided to apply for a land grant, this was denied however, due to his lack of capital. 
On 20 October 1827, Earle left Sydney aboard the "Governor Macquarie" to visit New Zealand, where he had 'hopes of finding something new for my pencil in their peculiar and picturesque style of life' While Earle was preceded by artists on Cook's voyages in the Pacific, including Sydney Parkinson, William Hodges and John Webber, he was the first to take up residence. Earle arrived at Hokianga Harbour on the west coast of the North Island, resolving to make his way overland to the Bay of Islands. Setting out with his friend Mr Shand he arrived at Kororareka, where he came under the patronage of Māori chief Te Whareumu, also known as Shulitea [or 'King George'. A large number of watercolours and drawings from Earle's New Zealand sojourn remain, covering subjects such as romantic landscapes, Māori culture and daily village life, the effects of warfare, portrait studies. He also produced a number of oil painting portraits, along with watercolours, lithographs and pencil sketches. Returning to Hokianga Harbour, he departed from New Zealand for Sydney in April 1828 aboard the "Governor Macquarie".
Earle then spent close to six months back in Sydney before departing on 12 October 1828, on board the ship 'Rainbow' bound for India via the Caroline Islands, Guam, one of the Ladrones, Manila, Singapore and Pulo-Penang, before disembarking at Madras. Although Madras provided a good market for his art Earle's health declined there and he travelled to Pondicherry, embarking in the Julie, which was condemned at Mauritius. After executing panoramic views of the island he returned to England in the Resource in 1830.
In April 1832 he embarked with Charles Darwin as topographical artist and draughtsman aboard the "Beagle", but problems with his health forced him to leave the ship at Montevideo and return to England. His place on Darwins' ship was taken over by Conrad Martens 
Augustus Earle died in London on 10 December 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="2918310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918310" title="General Motors Canada">
General Motors Canada

General Motors of Canada Limited (GM Canada) (French: "General Motors du Canada Limitée") is General Motors' Canadian subsidiary. Its national headquarters office, Canadian Regional Engineering Centre, and main manufacturing plants are located in Oshawa, Ontario. GM Canada is 100% owned by GM.
As of April 24, 2009, GM Canada has received a combined loan commitment of C$3 billion from the Canadian and Ontario governments to help it deal with major financial problems amid falling sales.
History.
McLaughlin Car Company of Canada was founded in 1907 when Samuel McLaughlin and William C. Durant agreed to a contract to produce Buick Model F power trains for 15 years at cost plus. The cars became known as McLaughlin Buicks. In 1908 Durant and McLaughlin started General Motors Holding Company after Durant exchanged $500,000.00 of Buick stock for $500,000.00 of McLaughlin Motor Co. stock. McLaughlin also exchanged his Buick stock for General Motors stock, and in 1910 was invited to be on the board of General Motors in Detroit.
In 1915 McLaughlin acquired the Chevrolet Car Company of Canada, which built Chevrolets in Oshawa with Chevrolet motors and McLaughlin bodies. In 1918 he merged his company with it under the name General Motors of Canada prior to his becoming director and vice president of General Motors on the approval of Durant, who was then president of General Motors and owner of the Chevrolet Motor Co. The Corporation moved people in 1918 after McLaughlin allied his Company with the Corporation unknown to Robert McLaughlin, The McLaughlins were given GM Stocks for the Propriortorship of the Canadian Company and $10,000,000 to build Walkerville and Canadian Products. as September 23, 1933 Financial Post page 9 reported but not ownership.
GM Canada is a private subsidiary that is wholly allied noted by The Canadian Motor, Tractor and Implement Journal 1919 by General Motors, so information such as assets, revenues, and profits are not disclosed. Nonetheless, GM Canada has historically been one of the largest and most powerful corporations in Canada, being listed as the third "largest" in 1975, and being comparable to several publicly traded companies such as BCE, George Weston Limited, and Royal Bank of Canada.
General Motors of Canada opened its new head office building on the shore of Lake Ontario in 1989. It is a fixture on Highway 401 and usually displays an enormous picture of a new vehicle on its huge glass atrium. This is a rented structure of General Motors Corporation and today is called General Motors. General Motors of Canada built their first offices on Richmond street in Oshawa and had large General Motors of Canada sinage from 1919. The McLaughlin plants were there and were resigned by the McLaughlin Family.
GM's Canadian Regional Engineering Centre opened in June 2001. It is primarily responsible for managing the design and validation of vehicles which are manufactured in Canada, though it supports many joint development efforts with GM operations in other countries.
The manufacturing plants located in Oshawa produced the Chevrolet from 1915, and today the Camaro and included the Chevrolet Truck Company of Canada 1919. Cadillac and LaSalle were built here too. The Oshawa plants have regularly garnered top quality ratings by J.D. Power. The Oshawa facility was ranked number 1 facility in overall quality in North and South America by J.D. Power and Associates. The Truck Plant was closed to give industry to Mexico,and reopen old Saturn Plants.
General Motors of Canada announced a naming rights deal for the General Motors Centre in Oshawa on October 5, 2006. The centre's main tenants are the Oshawa Generals junior hockey team, who were named for the company in 1937.
On April 27, 2009, GM Canada announced that it would cut over half of its Canadian jobs and close 40% of its Canadian dealerships by 2014 in response to its parent company's dire financial straits. Reducing its franchises in Canada from approximately 709 dealerships to +\- 470 across the country, after General Motors (US) bankruptcy. 
The Canadian Government owns 12% of General Motors stock today.
2008 Canadian Auto Workers bargaining.
General Motors and the Canadian Auto Workers union reached a tentative agreement on a new collective bargaining contract on May 15, 2008, a full four months before the existing contract was due to expire. As part of the agreement, GM pledged to maintain production at the Oshawa, Ontario pickup truck plant and made other production commitments.
On June 3, 2008, less than three weeks after ratification of the new contract, GM announced that, due to soaring gasoline prices and plummeting truck sales, it would close four additional truck and SUV plants, including the Oshawa pickup plant.
In response, the CAW organized a blockade of the GM of Canada headquarters in Oshawa. The blockade was ended by an Ontario Superior Court order, after 12 days. Further discussions between GM and the CAW resulted in an agreement to compensate workers at the truck plant and additional product commitments for the Oshawa car assembly plant.

</doc>
<doc id="2918314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918314" title="Playback Theatre">
Playback Theatre

Playback Theatre is an original form of improvisational theatre in which audience or group members tell stories from their lives and watch them enacted on the spot.
History.
The first Playback Theatre company was founded in 1975 by Jonathan Fox and Jo Salas. Fox was a student of improvisational theatre, oral traditional storytelling, Jacob Moreno's psychodrama method and the work of Paulo Freire. Salas was a trained musician and activist. Both had served as volunteers in developing countries: Fox as a Peace Corps volunteer in Nepal, Salas with New Zealand's Volunteer Service Abroad in Malaysia. 
The original Playback Theatre Company made its home in Dutchess and Ulster Counties of New York State, just north of New York City. This group, while developing the basis of the Playback form, took it to schools, prisons, centers for the elderly, conferences, and festivals in an effort to encourage individuals from all walks of society to let their stories be heard. They also performed monthly for the public-at-large. 
The Playback Theatre idea has inspired many people. As an immediate result of a teaching and performing tour by some of the members of the original Playback Theatre Company to Australasia in 1980, companies were founded in Sydney (1980), Melbourne (1981), Perth, and Wellington. All four companies still exist, and are now the oldest extant companies in the world. 
Since that time the form has spread throughout North America and Europe, and Playback companies now exist on six continents. The International Playback Theatre Network was founded in 1990 to support Playback activity throughout the world. As of 2010, the IPTN has 100 company and 300 individual members from 40 countries. 
A network was started in 2011 for people interested in Playback Theatre in North America. As of January 2012, 76 active companies perform, predominantly in their local communities. Playback North America is hosting an annual public Festival. 
International Playback conferences have taken place in Sydney, Australia (1992), in a village north of Helsinki, Finland (1993), Christchurch, New Zealand (1994), in Olympia, Washington USA (1995), Perth, Western Australia (1997), York, England (1999), Shizuoka, Japan (2003) São Paulo, Brazil (2007), and Frankfurt, Germany (2011).
To meet the demand for training which this level of growth has created, in 1993 Jonathan Fox founded the School of Playback Theatre to provide beginning, intermediate and advanced levels of training in Playback Theatre. The School was renamed the Centre for Playback Theatre in 2006, expanding its focus to worldwide development of Playback Theatre. Sarah Urech is now the executive director.
Other schools for training exist in Italy, Germany, Japan. and São Paulo, Brazil
United Kingdom, Israel, Hungary, Hong Kong, India and Sweden.
Current Festivals.
There are regular Playback gatherings and festivals in different parts of the world including Finland, the UK, Italy, Germany, Eastern Europe, Israel, and Hong Kong. Playback North America is hosting its second annual Public Festival October 5-8, 2012 at the Sidwell Friends School.
Theatrical form.
The Playback 'form' as developed by Fox and Salas utilises component theatrical forms or pieces, developed from its sources in improvisational theatre, storytelling, and psychodrama. These components include scenes (also called stories or vignettes) and narrative or non-narrative short forms, including fluid sculptures, pairs, and chorus.
In a playback event, someone in the audience tells a moment or story from their life, chooses the actors to play the different roles, and then all those present watch the enactment, as the story "comes to life" with artistic shape and nuance. Actors draw on non-naturalistic styles to convey meaning, such as metaphor or song. 
Playback performers tend to specialise in one of several roles - conductor, actor, or musician. Some companies also have members who specialise in other roles, such as lighting. For audiences, the active performers can seem preternaturally gifted, as they create their performances without a script or score. Following the practice of the original company, most companies do not consult or "huddle" prior to beginning the story, trusting instead to a shared understanding of the story they have heard and a readiness to respond to each other's cues. 
The role of conductor, by contrast, can seem relatively easy, involving as it does conversing with the audience as a group or individually, and generally involving no acting. However, it is recognised within the community of playback performers as the most difficult role to fill successfully.
Applications.
Playback Theatre is used in a broad range of settings, in addition to theatres and community centres where performances take place for the general public.Playback theatre is used in schools, private sector organizations, nonprofit organizations, prisons, hospice centres, day treatment centres, at conferences of all kinds, and colleges and universities.
Playback theatre has also been used in the following fields: transitional justice, human rights, refugees and immigrants, disaster recovery, climate change, birthdays and weddings, and conferences.
Education.
Playback practitioners use the method in schools to address curriculum (students tell stories of characters in literature or social studies, and enact their stories); literacy (students tell stories from their lives and are motivated to write them down); and social issues such as bullying (students tell stories about their experiences in relation to bullying and explore ways to create a respectful and safe school environment). Playback is used both by classroom teachers and by visiting performers/leaders.
Social change.
Playback Theatre is used to provide a forum for the exchange of diverse experiences in such contexts as the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina; Dr Martin Luther King Jr's Birthday celebrations, on racial conflict and reconciliation; incarcerated men and women; immigrant and refugee organizations and their host communities; events honoring human rights. 
A current project in Afghanistan trains victims of violence to enact each other's stories in the context of transitional justice. 
A project in Melbourne, Australia trains youth to enact stories of refugee youths' experiences in the context of interactions with police; and to enact stories of police experiences in the context of interactions with refugee youth. The purpose of which is to bridge understanding between these two groups (2010, 2011).
Business.
Since the mid-1990s Playback Theatre and allied techniques have increasingly been used as an effective tool in workplace training of subjects such as management and communication skills and diversity awareness. In some cases, participants describe events which have taken place in the workplace, often events which gave rise to conflict or difficult feelings. Playback actors "replay" the events described and the facilitator orchestrates discussion about the replay, from which many participants describe valuable learning outcomes. A workplace performance can also invite any kind of stories, from out of the work environment.
Therapy.
Although Playback Theatre is not primarily a therapeutic technique it is adaptable for use by therapists who are also trained in Playback Theatre. Clients can gain insight, catharsis, connection, and self-expression through telling their stories and participating in enacting stories of others.
References.
http://www.playbacktheatre.org/how-its-used/

</doc>
<doc id="2918319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918319" title="Mylene Flare Jenius">
Mylene Flare Jenius

Background.
Mylene is the seventh and youngest daughter of Maximilian Jenius and Milia Fallyna Jenius, the human and Zentradi couple (respectively) from the series "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross". Both are war heroes during Space War I and over the years have raised a large family together. Mylene is the youngest child, born in February 2031. At the beginning of the series "Macross 7", set in 2045 (approximately 34 years after the original Macross series), she is 14 years old and living in an apartment of her own aboard the eponymous spaceship City 7, a massive city ship carrying over one million people and escorted by a large battlefleet, led by Battle 7. Her parents (Max is the captain of Battle 7 and Milia is the mayor of the domed City 7) are also aboard but are now separated. All of their other children, now aged between 19 and 34, have moved away from City 7, leaving Mylene's parents to focus all of their protective instincts and concerns on her. Mylene is the only Jenius child to have pink hair but she has her mother's green eyes. 
Mylene proves to be as wilful as her parents. Her mother wants her to settle down and marry career fighter pilot Gamlin Kizaki, a protégé of hers, despite the fact that Mylene is only 14 and doesn't want to get married yet. In episode 6, Milia arranges an Omiai for them and Mylene, although apprehensive, agreed to meet him to appease her mother. Once they actually meet, the two became good friends, and Gamlin started to fall in love with her, becoming protective of her. 
Her father worries about her wild nature as well. However, what Mylene wants to be is to be a rock star, so against her parents' wishes she joins the rock band Fire Bomber as a bassist and vocalist. It soon emerges that she inherited her parents' natural piloting skills and can pilot a variable fighter extremely well; though all are initially opposed to a young girl facing such danger, she is ultimately allowed to join Sound Force, piloting her own customized VF-11MAXL Kai whose control systems have been modified to resemble an electric bass guitar.
She is a cheerful yet headstrong young girl, still unsure of her own feelings. On one hand she likes and admires Gamlin Kizaki, the man her mother chose for her, and enjoys their uncomplicated and, for the most part, platonic relationship. However, she is also fascinated by Fire Bomber's lead vocalist/guitarist Basara Nekki, despite his constant selfishness and rudeness to her; she nags him constantly, and becomes jealous whenever she sees him with another woman. When it is suggested that Basara and Rex (a female biker who is a fan of Fire Bomber) were physically involved, she immediately becomes jealous, although she refuses to admit it. This leads to one of the Macross universe's infamous love triangles, and she is relieved when the two men end their bickering and become friends, though her hatred of uncertainty—in this case, whom she loves more—becomes a source of endless frustration for her (as well as her mother).
Mylene thinks little of her Zentraedi heritage until episode 11, when she lands the lead role in a movie. She plays the part of Lynn Minmei in the movie, titled "The Lynn Minmei Story" which documents Minmei's role in the Space War I. Mylene is initially scared when she meets the full-sized Zentraedi, who are approximately 15 metres (50 feet) in height and will be starring in the film. Mylene apparently has never seen a full-sized Zentraedi until now and the sight makes her uncomfortable. Later, as she talks to Ray Lovelock, another member of Fire Bomber, she thinks about the fact that her mother, Milia Fallyna Jenius, was a full-sized Zentraedi before she was micronized. Ray then tells Mylene that she has the blood of giants running through her veins.
Despite the danger of joining Sound Force, which puts her in direct combat with the powerful and deadly Protodeviln, who are virtually immune from all conventional weaponry and are only vulnerable to Sound Force's music, Mylene proves that she also has her parents' bravery. Throughout the year long struggle of City 7 against the Protodeviln and The Varauta Army, Mylene never once gives into fear. Mylene proves herself to be an excellent pilot throughout the war. In the final battle against Lord Geperunitch, Mylene fights alongside her parents.
Mylene is also distinguished by her pet Guvava, a Gyarashi from the planet Pukirases V. Guvava is an intelligent rodent whose fur is so thick he resembles a tribble with eyes. He also has a tail, which he can use to swing and propel himself with, and short legs. Guvava was rescued from his predator-rich environment by Maximilian Jenius in 2036, who found him injured and alone while on a mission. Upon returning home, Max gave him to his youngest daughter, Mylene, to care for. Mylene, then five years old, immediately fell in love with Guvava and helped nurse him back to health. Though Guvava was initially withdrawn, Mylene always stayed close to him, taking him with her almost everywhere, even to school, and the two soon became good friends. Guvava grew to become fiercely devoted to his "mistress" and can often be seen perching on her shoulder. He is telepathically linked to her and can seek her out when they are separated, and understand her speech, though he can only communicate in squeaks. In the presence of danger he rears up, his fur developing angry spikes, and he will even leap to attack if provoked. During Macross 7, set nine years later (in 2045-46), Mylene and Guvava are almost always together, even during concerts and space battles. Mylene states that Guvava is not simply a pet but rather, is a part of herself and she cares for him as much as she does for her human/Zentraedi friends and family.
Despite his small size, Guvava helps to protect Mylene as much as Mylene protects him. In episode 12 of Macross 7, Mylene is kidnapped by infiltration agents of the protodeviln. Guvava uses his telepathic ability to transmit Basara's music to her and she begins to sing. Guvava is then able to lead Basara and Ray to her location. In Macross Dynamite 7, Mylene is invited to dinner by a woman who works to promote her music. However, the woman secretly drugs Mylene with the intention of sexually molesting her. Guvava immediately runs off to alert Mylene's friends, Veffidas and Ray, who quickly arrive and smash their way into the room to save Mylene. Ray later states that if it hadn't been for Guvava, the woman would have likely succeeded in forcing herself on Mylene.

</doc>
<doc id="2918337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918337" title="Harbour Grace Airport">
Harbour Grace Airport

Harbour Grace Airport , is west of Harbour Grace, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
On 20 May 1932 Amelia Earhart set off from Harbour Grace and, after a flight lasting 14 hours 56 minutes, landed in a pasture at Culmore, north of Derry, Northern Ireland to become the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.
Over the previous five years, most transatlantic flights had included a stop at Harbour Grace. Wiley Post, who with Harold Gatty as navigator made the first circumnavigation of the globe by airplane (eight days) in 1931, wrote:
"The crazy flyers who leave there for Europe are, to those people, definite forerunners of a transportation system to England that will place Harbor Grace on the map. The movement to develop the airport has been aided by ... the entire east coast of the island settlement ... the people there believe with utmost faith that aviation is to be the salvation of a dying community. Not so many years ago Conception Bay was continually filled with a hundred or more ships. Whalers, ore boats, and fishing schooners did a lot of business in Harbor Grace in bygone days, but now the blue bay is dotted only by a scant sail or two, and the people are in hard straits.
"I would like to have heard more, but time was pressing on and we had a long way to go."
These transatlantic flights through Harbour Grace are designated as a Canadian National Historic Event.
The airstrip was abandoned after World War II, but was officially re-opened in 1999 following its restoration by the Harbour Grace Historical Society.
References.
Wiley Post and Harold Gatty, "Around the World in Eight Days". Rand McNally, 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="2918338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918338" title="Spring scale">
Spring scale

A spring balance can be calibrated for the accurate measurement of mass in the location in which they are used, but many spring balances are marked right on their face "Not Legal for Trade" or words of similar import due to the approximate nature of the theory used to mark the scale. Also, the spring in the scale can permanently stretch with repeated use.
If two spring balances are hung one below the other in series, each of the scales will read approximately the same, the full weight of the body hung on the lower scale. The scale on top would read slightly heavier due to also supporting the weight of the lower scale itself. 
Spring balances come in different sizes. Generally, small scales that measure newtons will have a less firm spring (one with a smaller spring constant) than larger ones that measure tens, hundreds or thousands of newtons.
A spring balance may be labeled in both units of force (pounds, newtons) and mass (grams, kilograms). Strictly speaking, only the force values are correctly labeled. In order to infer that the labeled mass values are correct, an object must be hung from the spring balance at rest in an inertial reference frame, interacting with no other objects but the scale itself.
Uses.
Spring balances' main uses are industrial, especially related to weighing heavy loads such as trucks, storage silos, and material carried on a conveyor belt. They are also common in science education as basic accelerometers. They are used when the accuracy afforded by other types of scales can be sacrificed for simplicity, cheapness, and robustness.
A spring balance measures the weight of an object by opposing the force of gravity with the force of an extended spring.
History.
The first spring balance in Britain was made around 1770 by Richard Salter of Bilston, near Wolverhampton. He and his nephews John & George founded the firm of "George Salter & Co.", still notable makers of scales and balances, who in 1838 patented the spring balance. They also applied the same spring balance principle to steam locomotive safety valves, replacing the earlier deadweight valves.

</doc>
<doc id="2918339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918339" title="Hopedale Airport">
Hopedale Airport

Hopedale Airport is west of Hopedale, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Airlines and destinations.
All commercial flights out of Hopedale Airport are operated by de Havilland DHC-6 Twin Otter 19-seat aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="2918351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918351" title="Kobe College">
Kobe College

, abbreviated to , is a private non-sectarian liberal arts college located in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo, Japan. Chartered in 1948, it is the first women's college with university status in West Japan.
History.
Since its foundation in 1875, Kobe College continues to provide a well-balanced education for women based on Christian principles. This is expressed in the school badge and color designed in 1885 by E.M. Brown, the third college president. The motif of the school badge is the honewort which expresses harmony of "body," "spirit," and "soul." The school color is dark blue which expresses "peace" and "truth."
History of Kobe College.
1873: Eliza Talcott and Julia Dudley, two American missionaries, opened a private school at Hanaakuma-mura, Kobe. 
1875: The two missionaries founded "Onnagakkou" ("Kobe Girls' School"), the so-called "Kobe Home", at a boarding school for young women at Yamamoto Dori (Street), Kobe.
Talcott was the first president and Dudley was boarding house master, with 26 students (3 boarders, 23 commuter) at that time.
1879: Kobe Home was renamed Kobe Girls' School; the following year it was organized along a five-year (high school) curriculum, unique at that time. The school changed its name to "Eiwa-jogakkou."
1885: A one-year college division was established.
1891: A three-year curriculum in the college division initiated full-scale, higher education for women.
1894: Kobe Girls' School was renamed Kobe College.
1906: A Department of Music was founded.
1909: A four-year higher education division was founded.
1919: The higher education division was granted a permit to use the term "daigaku" (university) in its Japanese name.
Kobe College graduate school.
1965: A graduate course was established with two specialties: English literature and sociology. 
1989:　English literature specialty was installed. 
2002:　A course was established in comparison culturology specialty in last part of doctor.
Location.
Kobe College was originally located on Yamamoto Street in Kobe, Japan. It is now located in Okadayama City, Nishinomiya on the Hankyu Train Line. 
When Kobe College moved to the present Okadayama campus in 1933, Dr. William Merrell Vories, 
the leader of the Omi Mission and renowned architect, designed the original buildings in accordance with a key principle: an architect's happiness lies in building beautiful buildings and bringing happiness to their users. The architectural design of Kobe College campus reflects this belief. The southern Mediterranean style buildings with ivory colored walls and bronze-colored tile roofs were reputed to be the most magnificent in the country. The original main buildings managed to withstand the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake of 1995 with far less damage than many recently built structures.
Campus.
Kobe College was built by William Merrell Vories, who was born in 1880 in Kansas. He was a Christian missionary, who came to Japan to proselytize and sell Mentholatum. He constructed many of the modern university buildings used by Kobe college, as well as many other famous buildings including Daimaru at Shinsaibashi, Osaka and Kwansei Gakuin University.
Characteristics.
Roofs: Kobe College’s roofs are unique in color and shape. Therefore, it was very difficult to repair the roof tiles after the Great Hanshin earthquake in Kobe.
Floors: Similarly, unlike most Japanese universities, the floors are of many of the buildings are made of cut marble. This is because the architect believed the marble floors would absorb heat better in the summertime. Further, the edges of the floors have a curved shape to them. This design was used because Vories believed curved floors were easier to clean.
Students.
There are 2,624 students in Kobe College and 624 of them are freshmen. Kobe College has five departments: English, general culture, music, psychology, and Biosphere Sciences. Students, especially those who belong to general culture department, can learn a wide range of subjects in the first two years to find their interests and decide what to study in the next two years. At Kobe College, students can study in small classes; they can focus on their study and the relationship between students and teachers can be much closer.
Most of the students are from the Kansai area; however, there are some students who are from western Japan or other parts of Japan. Many of the student who aren't from Kansai stay in apartments along the Hankyu Line. Kobe College provides a dormitory for the students, therefore they can stay there for less pay compared with an apartment.
Kobe College has accepted international students: Over 10 international students are studying at the college this year. Some of them are accepted as an exchange students from universities in Australia and the United States. Some students from Kobe College are sent over to these universities every year.
Students are required to get 124 credits over four years to complete the course. While they focus on studying, they enjoy other activities outside of school: for example, a part-time job, sports, lessons and group activities.
The rate of employment at popular companies is the highest among women’s colleges in Kansai. The rate of employment in 2006 was 98.1%. Psychology students had 100% employment.

</doc>
<doc id="2918352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918352" title="Peter Berlin">
Peter Berlin

Armin Hagen Freiherr von Hoyningen-Huene (born in 1942) is a photographer, artist, filmmaker, clothing designer/sewer, model and gay sex symbol best known by his stage name Peter Berlin. In the early to mid-1970s, Berlin created some of the most recognizable gay male erotic imagery of his time. Serving as his own photographer, model, and fashion designer, Berlin redefined self-portraiture and became an international sensation.
His two films, "Nights in Black Leather" (1973) and "That Boy" (1974) (credited in the latter as Peter Burian), played to packed houses for years and, along with other pioneering erotic filmmakers such as Wakefield Poole and Jack Deveau, helped bring gay male erotic films artistic legitimacy.
Early life in Germany.
He was the second of the three children (a sister Mirna and a brother Reinhold who died in 1970 in a car crash) of Eduard Baron von Hoyningen-Huene and his wife Marion, 20 years old at the time of his birth. He was born in Łódź, Poland, and grew up in Berlin, Germany. The extended family included the American fashion photographer George Hoyningen-Huene.
He received post-secondary education in Germany as a photo-technician. In his early 20s, he worked as a photographer for an interview program on German television, photographing some of Europe's biggest celebrities and film stars.
Berlin designed and sewed all of his clothing without a pattern. He also was a painter and illustrator. He began photographing himself in erotic poses and making skin-tight clothes to wear as he cruised the parks and train stations of Berlin, the streets of Rome, Paris, New York and San Francisco.
Filmmaking and celebrity.
In the early 1970s, Berlin moved to San Francisco and became a fixture on the streets with his highly suggestive clothing and constant cruising. He collaborated with friend Richard Abel on a 16 mm hard-core porn film entitled "Nights in Black Leather" (1973) in which he played the lead role. Berlin's poster for the film helped make "Nights in Black Leather" an underground hit.
As a follow-up, Berlin directed, produced, wrote, and starred in "That Boy" (1974), another successful film. He also made four short films in the mid- to late-1970s, which were primarily sold as 8 mm "loops" by mail order. His self-portraits were published and sold. He was also the subject of several Robert Mapplethorpe photographs, five drawings by Tom of Finland, and at least one photograph by Andy Warhol. Two Robert Mapplethorpe Polaroid images of Berlin can be seen in the 2008 book, "Mapplethorpe: Polaroids", and the Whitney Museum of American Art exhibition of the same name. Some of his famous friends were Salvador and Gala Dali, Warhol, New York fashion designer Koos, and painter Jochen Labriola. He was acquainted with ballet dancer Rudolf Nureyev.
Photography.
Berlin's photographs and artwork have been exhibited around the world, including the exhibition "Split/Vision" (New York, 1986), curated by Mapplethorpe, and in the exhibition "Berlin on Berlin" (2006) at the Leslie Lohman Gallery in New York.
Although he retreated from the limelight in the 1980s, he continues to make videos of himself and lives quietly in San Francisco, where he is still frequently recognized on the streets.
He was trained in Germany as a photo technician in the 1960s.
Comeback.
In 2005, filmmaker and writer Jim Tushinski directed and co-produced (with Lawrence Helman), the feature-length documentary "", which began a resurgence of interest in Berlin's works. The documentary premiered at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival and garnered several awards at film festivals worldwide, reconnecting Berlin with his older fans and introducing him to a new generation. In 2006, Berlin launched a web site devoted to his work.

</doc>
<doc id="2918353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918353" title="Makkovik Airport">
Makkovik Airport

Makkovik Airport is west of Makkovik, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918357" title="Yankee Candle">
Yankee Candle

The Yankee Candle Company (referred to often in colloquial speech simply as Yankee Candle) is an American manufacturer and retailer of scented candles, candleholders, accessories, and dinnerware. Its products are sold by thousands of gift shops nationwide, through catalogs, and online, and in nearly 50 countries around the world. The company operates about 560 small-box format stores, mostly located in malls, across the United States (including all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico), and six locations in Ontario Canada. The company is headquartered in South Deerfield, Massachusetts.
The company was started in 1969 and has been owned by Madison Dearborn Partners since 2007. The Jarden Corpration agreed to buy candle maker Yankee Candle for $1.75 billion in the fall of 2013.
History.
Yankee Candle Company was started in South Hadley, Massachusetts when Michael Kittredge, originally from Holyoke, Massachusetts created his first scented candle, "Christmas 1969", from melted crayons as a gift for his mother. Neighbors began expressing interest in buying his creations, and Kittredge began producing them in larger quantities. The company itself was founded with help from Donald MacIver and Susan Obremski, who were high school friends with Kittredge. MacIver helped fund the start-up business with earnings from his part-time job. Candle production grew considerably after Obremski's father devised a "heated room", which enabled cost-saving liquid wax deliveries at the first factory site in Holyoke. Obremski's invention of a turntable taper wheel allowed production to double, while at the same time decreasing the need for more labor hours. In 1975, she managed the first Yankee Candle Shop located where the Village Commons, where South Hadley now stands.
The company slowly expanded and moved to South Deerfield in 1983.
After a cancer scare in 1993, Kittredge started handing the company over to a friend and employee. In 1998, he sold the company to New York-based private equity company Forstmann Little for $500 million. Forstmann took the company public in 1999, and in 2001, hired Craig Rydin as a CEO. Rydin launched a major advertising campaign and the line was picked up by mass retailers Linens-N-Things and Bed, Bath and Beyond, pushing sales to their highest levels yet. Kittredge remains the company's chairman emeritus.
During the summer of 2006, Yankee Candle purchased Illuminations, a Petaluma, California-based, multi-channel retailer of high quality candles and home accessories. Although the two companies were similar, the names were separated, with Illuminations being aimed at a different demographic. The Illuminations brand and web store were phased out in early 2009.
On February 6, 2007, the company was acquired by the private equity group of Madison Dearborn Partners LLC for approximately $1.6 billion.
The original founder, Michael Kittredge, has since moved on and created Kringle Candle, with his son Michael (Mike).
In October 2012 Yankee Candle Europe launched their Consumer Direct website,http://www.yankeecandle.co.uk offering their full range of products direct to consumers following the successes of their U.S colleagues.
In 2013, Jarden acquired Yankee Candle.
Flagship store.
Yankee Candle's flagship store, which opened in 1989, is located on Routes 5, 10, and 116 in South Deerfield, Massachusetts. It features all available Yankee Candles as well as kitchen and home accessories, New England crafts, gifts and collectibles, a toy shop, picnic grounds and a "Bavarian Christmas Village" filled with decorated Christmas trees and a toy train that runs through to Santa's Workshop, where animated elves and an 'assembly line' for wooden vehicles surround Santa Claus's desk. Visitors can dip their own candles in a specially equipped area, make wax molds of their hands, or create their own unique candle. There is also a candle making museum. The shop's award-winning Chandler's Tavern serves American cuisine and fine wines.
A second flagship store was opened in Williamsburg, Virginia, in 2005. At , it is about 1/3 the size of the South Deerfield store.
Products.
Yankee Candle Company markets an array of products, including candles of various scents and sizes, scented wax tarts, candle accessories, votive candles (Samplers), votive candle holders, tart warmers, jar toppers (for use with the Housewarmer line of candles), reed diffusers, Electric Home Fragrance units (scented wall plug-ins), car scents, room sprays, Good Air products, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="2918359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918359" title="Mary's Harbour Airport">
Mary's Harbour Airport

Mary's Harbour Airport is south of Mary's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918360" title="Norberto Romuáldez">
Norberto Romuáldez

Norberto Romuáldez y López (June 6, 1875 - November 4, 1941) (often referred to as Norberto Romuáldez, Sr. to distinguish him from his son with the same name) was a Philippine writer, politician, jurist, and statesman. He was the first Lopez-Romuáldez to attain national prominence, and is deemed the "Father of the Law on the National Language". He was the eldest son of Doña Trinidad Lopez-Romualdez, the Romualdez grand matriarch, and uncle of Imelda Romualdez Marcos, the daughter of his youngest brother Vicente Orestes Lopez Romualdez.
Born to the prominent Lopez clan of Leyte (originally from Granada in the Andalusian region of Spain), he is the grandson of Spanish friar and silversmith Don Francisco Lopez. Romuáldez grew up in Leyte, where the Lopez family owned vast coconut and abaca plantations, and first achieved status as a writer in the Waray-Waray language. His first Waray "zarzuela" was "An Pagtabang ni San Miguel" (The Aid of Saint Michael).
In 1908, Romuáldez wrote "Bisayan Grammar and Notes on Bisayan Rhetoric and Poetic and Filipino Dialectology", a treatise on the grammar of the Waray-Waray language. The following year (1909) he founded the "Sanghiran san Binisaya ha Samar ug Leyte" (Academy of the Visayan Language of Samar and Leyte) for the purpose of promoting and intellectualizing Waray-Waray. Romuáldez was also fluent in other languages like Spanish, English, and Cebuano.
Romuáldez served as an Associate Justice of the Philippine Supreme Court during the American Period. He was also a participant in the 1934-1935 Constitutional Convention which resulted in the 1935 Constitution for the Philippine Commonwealth.
Romuáldez died in 1941 after an undisclosed illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2918372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918372" title="Devario strigillifer">
Devario strigillifer

Devario strigillifer is a species of danio endemic to Myanmar where it is found in shallow, fast-running streams the area of Myitkyina District. This species grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="2918377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918377" title="Brad Whitaker">
Brad Whitaker

Brad Whitaker is the main villain in the fifteenth James Bond film epic "The Living Daylights". He was portrayed by American actor Joe Don Baker. Baker also played in his last two Bond films as Jack Wade, Bond's CIA contact in Pierce Brosnan's first two films, "GoldenEye" and "Tomorrow Never Dies". Steven Rubin describes Whitaker as a "smarmy bad-guy arms trader."
Background.
Brad Whitaker is an international black market arms dealer. He is fascinated by war, but his actual military career is a failure, so he turns to arms dealing to organize his own personal military force. Expelled from West Point for cheating, he spends a short stint as a mercenary in the Belgian Congo before starting to work with various other criminal organisations that would help organise his very first arms deals. He loves military history and it is implied that he wargames various historical conflicts using automated miniature figures and effects, such as the battles of Agincourt, Waterloo, and Gettysburg. In a conversation with Bond during the confrontation, Whitaker believes that Pickett's Charge should have been made up Little Round Top and that if Ulysses S. Grant was in charge of the Union at Gettysburg, he would have crushed the Army of Northern Virginia, thus ending the battle.
Whitaker has a personal pantheon of "great military commanders" in his headquarters, which includes some of history's most famous and infamous figures, such as Adolf Hitler, Napoleon Bonaparte, Genghis Khan, Julius Caesar, Alexander the Great, Oliver Cromwell, and Attila the Hun. Whitaker holds these men in high regard and calls them "surgeons who removed society's dead flesh". All representations of these "surgeons" (or "butchers" as Bond's ally, Pushkin, describes them) are sculpted to resemble Whitaker himself, which is highly noticeable when Whitaker hides among the statues waiting for Pushkin to visit him.
In the film.
Brad Whitaker joins forces with rogue Soviet General Georgi Koskov to secure a large shipment of opium from the Snow Leopard Brotherhood in Afghanistan for $500,000,000 worth of diamonds that he had obtained from an arms deal with the Soviets. Once the opium is sold, Whitaker will have enough money to continue arms deals far into the future. At the same time, they attempt to use James Bond and MI6 to eliminate Gogol's replacement as the new Soviet head of secret operations, General Pushkin, on the basis that he has re-instituted an ongoing operation called "Smiert Spionom" (meaning "Death to Spies" in Russian). Actually, it is Koskov and Whitaker's men, especially their special henchman Necros, who are involved in killing the British agents. After thwarting Whitaker's plans in Afghanistan, Bond returns to Tangier to hunt him down at his Tangier headquarters and kills him after a game of cat-and-mouse in his gaming room, with him using high-tech weapons, such as an 80-round light machine gun rifle with an integral ballistic shield and a loaded battlefield cannon, while Bond has only his 8-round Walther PPK. After Bond hides behind a bust of the Duke of Wellington, he primes his key-ring finder behind it. Whitaker gets right in front of it and the key-ring finder explodes, triggered by Bond's wolf whistle. The explosion topples the bust and podium on top of Whitaker, crushing him through a glass display case containing one of his miniature diorama setups resembling Waterloo– he thus dies on the battlefield after all, Bond ironically quipping to Pushkin, "He met his Waterloo."
Reception.
Steven Rubin describes Whitaker as a "smarmy bad-guy arms trader". Jeremy Black says of him; a "mad American pseudo-general, Brad Whitaker, the arms dealer, yet another figure with a Napoleon complex."Baker himself called his character "a nut" who "thought he was Napoleon." Paul Simpson describes Whitaker as "paunchy", and says that it is fortunate that he doesn't get much screen time. Lee Pfeiffer and Dave Worrall say of him, "this egotistical US arms dealer models himself on history's most notorious dictators. In between orchestrating international arms deals, Whitaker enjoys re-creating battles with his vast dioramas and toy soldiers." They believe that Joe Don Baker, although amusing, was miscast in the role as Whitaker. They also criticized his believability as a villain, describing him as an "oaf" from the American south who nobody would doubt could easily be defeated by James Bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2918380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918380" title="Nain Airport">
Nain Airport

Nain Airport is located on the shore of Unity Bay near Nain, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918385" title="Natuashish Airport">
Natuashish Airport

Natuashish Airport , is west of Natuashish, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918387" title="Port au Choix Airport">
Port au Choix Airport

Port au Choix Airport , is southeast of Port au Choix, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918399" title="Viruddh... Family Comes First">
Viruddh... Family Comes First

Virruddh... Family Comes First (English: "Opposites") is a Hindi film, released in 2005, directed by Mahesh Manjrekar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Sharmila Tagore, Sanjay Dutt and John Abraham. "Viruddh" is one among relatively few Hindi films that is not a musical, instead the soundtrack is primarily used as background.
Plot.
The movie begins with Amar narrating the story of his family and himself. Amar is the son of Vidyadhar and Sumitra Patwardhan, a middle class couple in India. Amar lives and works in London and he sends some of his salary to them. One day Amar returns home with Jenny Mayer, his girlfriend, and announces his intention to get married to her. Initially reluctant, his parents are pleased and happy for the two. One day, Amar goes out celebrating with his friends, whilst his parents and Jenny organise a surprise party for him.
Outside a pub, Amar witnesses a murder and, while trying to apprehend the killer, he gets mortally wounded in the fight. Amar succumbs in the hospital. The assailant is identified as Harshwardhan Kadam, son of a minister Kadam. Soon, the police start covering the case up. Amar is implicated in false charges of drug peddling. Witnesses and close friends of Amar too give false statements. The torture doesn't end there, as police try to implicate Jenny as his accompolice.
Vidyadhar decides that it is not good for Jenny to live there, especially since she is expecting Amar's child. Vidyadhar bails her out and implores her to return before she is locked up for good. Harshwardhan goes scot free meanwhile and Vidyadhar decides to seek justice on his own. Ali Asgar, a mechanic and an acquaintance of Patwardhan's, decides to help them. Soon, Ali succeeds in procuring a gun for Vidyadhar.
Vidyadhar decides to confront Harshwardhan in his own office. Harshwardhan cockily lets him enter in and starts taunting him. Vidyadhar accuses him and Harshwardhan arrongantly confesses his crimes, telling Vidyadhar that he cannot prove a thing. Vidyadhar points the gun at him, upon which Harshwardhan calls his guards. Vidyadhar guns down Harshwardhan and the guards enter in moments later Harshwardhan's dead body collapses down. Harshwardhan's head guard lets Vidyadhar go, claiming that he won't be able to look at his family in the eye if he arrests Vidyadhar.
A case stands up against Vidyadhar, where he reveals a pocket tape recorder on which the whole confession of Harshwardhan is recorded. Based on the proof, Amar is exonerated of all false charges levelled up against him. Vidyadhar is also set free. In an interview, Vidyadhar makes it clear that he doesn't intend to sue Kadam since his son has been killed and Vidyadhar knows the pain.
In the end, it is shown that Vidyadhar is living a happy life with Sumitra, Jenny, and his grandchild. Amar now explains that his father has always been a hero for him since childhood and he is feeling a little jealous of his daughter who is being treated with same affection with which Vidyadhar treated Amar in his childhood. The movie ends with Amar disappearing in light claiming now he can rest in peace.
Music.
The song "Shree Ganeshay Dheemanhi" was selected from one of the Stavanas of Lord Ganesha from Marathi music maestro Ajay-Atul.

</doc>
<doc id="2918403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918403" title="Port Hope Simpson Airport">
Port Hope Simpson Airport

Port Hope Simpson Airport is south of Port Hope Simpson, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918406" title="Postville Airport">
Postville Airport

Postville Airport , is located adjacent to Postville, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918409" title="CCP4">
CCP4

CCP4 can refer to any one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2918412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918412" title="Maicao">
Maicao

Maicao ("Wayuunaiki: mai-ka-u") is a city and municipality in the Department of La Guajira, northern Republic of Colombia. It is located 76 km from Riohacha, the capital of the department and is the second largest urban center near the border with Venezuela, after the city of Cúcuta.
The city was founded on June 27, 1927 by Colonel Rodolfo Morales and Tomás Curvelo Iguarán, on behalf of the Department of Magdalena in the middle of the Wayuu people territory. During the 1970s Maicao became a commercial hub due to an oil "bonanza" in Venezuela and the flow of contraband present in the Guajira peninsula.
Etymology.
The name of Maicao comes from the Wayunaiki: "mai-ka-u" which means "Land of the Maize.
Geography.
Maicao is located in the Guajira Peninsula, the northernmost part of South America and within the Guajira desert.
The municipality of Maicao borders to the north with the municipalities of Uribia and Manaure; to the east with the Venezuela; to the south with the municipality of Albania and to the west with the municipality of Riohacha covering a total area of 1,782 km² and at altitude over sea level of 52 m.
Climate.
Climate in the municipality of Maicao is arid, presenting two rainy seasons and two dry seasons. The average temperature throughout the year is of .
History.
Maicao was inhabited by the Wayuu people prior to the arrival of the Spanish. The Wayuu gave one of the strongest resistance to the Spanish conquest, remaining rebellious until the early 20th century. Maicao was officially founded on June 27, 1927 by Colonel Rodolfo Morales and Tomás Curvelo Iguarán, on behalf of the Department of Magdalena in the middle of the Wayuu people territory.
The indigenous Wayuu managed contraband trading routes through Maicao arriving from Aruba, Curaçao, Venezuela and other Caribbean sea territories mostly coffee, alcohol, tobacco and weapons among other taxable articles. During the 1970s Maicao became a commercial hub due to an oil "bonanza" in Venezuela and the flow of contraband present in the Guajira peninsula. The commercial boom attracted Arab and other Middle Eastern immigrants most of whom established in Maicao as merchants, establishing another culture in the area.
Colombian armed conflict period.
The marijuana bonanza in the outskirts of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta mountains also introduced another factor to the culture of the region. "Marimberos" or drug dealers initiated exports of numerous illegal drug trade to the United States and Europe where there was a high demand for drugs. Opulence in certain urban areas became notable, including a Ferraris collection by Lafaurie-González clan (Eduardo, Iván and Fernando Lafaurie-Gonzalez) and their bunker style houses in Maicao and Riohacha.
During the 1980s and 1990s the internal Colombian armed conflict between the government of Colombia and numerous revolutionary groups mainly the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) and the National Liberation Army began to affect the municipality of Maicao. Extortions, kidnappings and assassinations became a common practice. The situation worsened due to the deflation of the Venezuelan economy and the trade decrease, as well as crackdowns on contraband by the Colombian government.
In 1991 was given special customs status in 1991 in order to spur job growth. The government's intent was to allow raw materials to enter the zone untaxed, have workers there turn them into finished product, and then re-export the finished goods outside Colombia. The law allowed for a certain amount of goods to pass from Maicao into the Colombian interior, but only if they were declared to customs officials and duty was paid on them. Cigarettes however moved outside the Maicao special customs zone "duty not paid" and from there into the black market.
In 1997 these Middle Eastern immigrants built the Mosque of Omar Ibn Al-Jattab, one of the largest mosques in Latin America.
Maicao became subject to royalties coming from the exploitation of coal in the Cerrejon coal mine, however municipal administrations have been subject to widespread corruption and royalties have been temporarily suspended. The culture of avoiding paying taxes has created in numerous occasions tensions between the locals and the government, including burning down the local tax bureau office DIAN in protest for confiscating large amounts of contraband. The municipality also suffered a problem of displaced people due to the internal armed conflict and deficiencies in education and health.
On March 19, 2000 the town of Albania segregated some 425 km² from Maicao and becoming a municipality. The municipality of Maicao lost a large area over the coal mine section decreasing the royalties percentage intended for the region.
Hezbollah ties.
According to FBI investigators who allegedly told Rio de Janeiro's "O Globo" in late October 2001 that in addition to the Triborder Region, a focal point of terrorism in South America was Maicao, described as an Islamic community of approximately 4,670 vacation spot for orthodox Islamics and the largest and best organized Islamic community in Colombia with a minority Shiites reportedly more closely associated with the Muslim fundamentalist concept. The report said that there were cells of the radical group Hezbollah and that it controlled up to 70 percent of the local commerce. "The merchants from there make contributions equivalent to 10 percent and even up to 30 percent of their profits. And those responsible for the fund send the money via banks in Maracaibo in Venezuela, and in Panama.
The Department of Administrative Security (Departamento de Seguridad Administrativa―DAS) shut down a clandestine radio station in Maicao on August 15, 1997, for broadcasting Hezbollah propaganda, and a couple of arrests for money laundering, Maicao's Muslim community reportedly has had few contacts with the law. Nevertheless, it is known that the black market for weapons and money laundering in
Maicao and neighboring Zulia State in Venezuela is well established.
Transportation.
The municipality of Maicao has one airstrip La Majayura Airport which is closed, but in process of reopening. It is also still a major transportation hub between Venezuela and Colombia. Land transportation is served by a two-lane single-road highway, crossing the municipality of Maicao from Rio Hacha towards Venezuela and another from the town of Maicao south towards Valledupar. While much of the trade is legitimate, there is also a great deal of smuggling and contraband.

</doc>
<doc id="2918416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918416" title="KTFQ-DT">
KTFQ-DT

KTFQ-DT channel 14 (digital 22) is a television station in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The station is owned by Univisión and runs a Spanish Entertainment format consisting of programming from Univisión's secondary network, UniMás. The KTFQ-DT studio is co-located with Entravision, which operates a Joint Sales Agreement for KTFQ-DT and also owns two other stations in Albuquerque, Univisión affiliate KLUZ channel 41 and Home Shopping Network affiliate KTFA-LP channel 48.
History.
Channel 14 signed on as KGSW-TV on May 8, 1981. The call sign was derived from the station's original owners, Galaxy Communications and Southwest Television. Initially, KGSW carried drama shows, movies from the 40s through the 70s, sitcoms, and religious shows. In the fall of 1983, the station added more sitcoms and began running cartoons in the 7–9 a.m. and the 3–5 p.m. weekday slots.
In 1984, the Providence Journal Company bought KGSW from the original owners. The station affiliated with the Fox network when the network launched on October 9, 1986. The station continued a general entertainment format with a lot of cartoons, sitcoms, and movies. In the fall of 1992, after KKTO-TV (channel 2) went dark, Providence Journal acquired its programming and integrated it into KGSW's lineup. Shortly afterward, it acquired the KKTO license as well, and on April 5, 1993 KGSW moved to channel 2 and changed call letters to KASA-TV. The channel 14 license was then surrendered to the Federal Communications Commission for cancellation.
In 1997, Paxson Communications was awarded a construction permit for a new station on channel 14; in April 1999, it signed on as KAPX, airing programming from the family-oriented Pax TV from 11 a.m. and 11 p.m., along with infomercials during the day and The Worship Network during the overnight hours. Pax would subsequently cut its programming hours from 4 to 11 p.m., and later 5 to 11 p.m., due to financial problems at Paxson. The company then chose to sell some of its stations, including KAPX; in 2003, Univision bought the station, and that June relaunched channel 14 as Telefutura (now UniMás) affiliate KTFQ. The network was previously seen in Albuquerque on KTFA-LP (channel 48), which switched to HSN. Programming from The Worship Network continued to air overnights on KTFQ for several years afterward.
Digital television.
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997 [http://www.transmitter.com/FCC97115/chanplan.html], the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, on June 12, 2009, which is the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations, KTFQ-TV was required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut"). KTFQ has been assigned channel 22 for its digital broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="2918417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918417" title="Necros (James Bond)">
Necros (James Bond)

Necros is a fictional character and henchman in the James Bond film "The Living Daylights". He was played by Andreas Wisniewski. Tall, muscular, blond, blue-eyed and steel-jawed Necros is of the Red Grant model, common in the earlier James Bond films. Over the course of the film, Necros impersonates a Cockney milkman, an American jogger, an Austrian balloon salesman, and a doctor in Morocco.
Biography.
Necros, meaning 'death' or 'You Kill' in Greek, was General Koskov's highly trained and disciplined Soviet assassin with KGB affiliations, but ultimately loyal to Koskov. His only vice seems to be an addiction to his personal stereo playing The Pretenders, which he is rarely seen without. Necros uses a great number of disguises and many techniques of killing, although strangulation seems to be a preferred method. 
His first priority is to see that Koskov is brought safely to Brad Whitaker's Tangier estate from the safe house in England, where Koskov is being held by British Intelligence. He completes this mission by disguising himself as a milkman, whereby he gains access to the intelligence compound. Subsequently, he radios in a report of a major gas leak within the building. This causes security to order an immediate evacuation. In the confusion, he abducts Koskov and effects his escape with the help of explosive grenades that look like milk bottles, killing several Secret Service agents who attempt to apprehend him. 
Necros later kills Saunders, head of Station V in Vienna, disguised as a balloon salesman, by setting a bomb to explode at the doors to the cafe as he leaves his rendezvous with Bond. The killing becomes part of the operation to make the British Secret Service believe the Soviets have instituted a "Smiert Spionem" or "Death to Spies" operation. 
Necros himself is killed after a midair struggle with Bond on the holding net of a Lockheed C-130 Hercules cargo plane above Afghanistan. Necros pleads for his life, but Bond slips the boot off by cutting the laces and drops the henchman to his death.
Reception.
Perhaps due to his imposing stature and chiseled features, variety of false accents and love of pop music, Sally Hibbin considers Necros to be one of the most memorable Bond villains.
However, Steven Rubin stated that he was "not on-screen long enough to make any true impact", although he added that "even he has his sympathetic moments." Lee Pfeiffer and Dave Worrall say of Necros, "Necros is the most intriguing of the film's trio of main villains. He is a silent, humourless, but extremely handsome assassin who tends to use a Walkman as a strangulation device. The role is well played by Andreas Wisniewski, who provides the film with a much-needed sense of menace."

</doc>
<doc id="2918420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918420" title="George Jefferson">
George Jefferson

George Jefferson is a fictional character played by Sherman Hemsley on the American television sitcoms "All in the Family" (from 1973 until 1975) and its spin-off "The Jeffersons" (1975–1985). He is the only character to appear in all 253 episodes of "The Jeffersons".
Character overview.
George Jefferson was born in Harlem in 1929, an ambitious African-American entrepreneur who started and managed a successful chain of seven dry cleaning stores in New York City. The only background on the Jefferson family is that they were Alabama sharecroppers. In a very early episode, George's wife Louise makes mention of a conversation she had with George's father after she and George were married about the Jeffersons family roots. However, the show's writers later applied a retroactive change in the continuity of George's father, such that he had died when George was 10 years old. This left George to take care of his mother; therefore, George was unable to complete high school. He was a cook in the US Navy during the Korean War. He began dating Louise when they were teenagers and married her upon his discharge from the navy.
Before the Jeffersons' store opening, the family lived in a derelict section of Harlem. George had worked as a janitor, and Louise as a housekeeper. In one episode Louise says that the building's white janitor was properly referred to as a "custodian". George says: "Well, whenever a man of our race has that job, he is a janitor!"
George's brother Henry appeared in "All in the Family" during the lead-up to the spin-off of "The Jeffersons". That character was created only because Sherman Hemsley was starring in the Broadway musical "Purlie" and not yet available to take on the part of George. Once Hemsley became available and joined the cast, the character of his brother became extraneous, and a result, Henry Jefferson never appeared on "The Jeffersons". Henry's absence was attributed to his family's move to Chicago, but was mentioned one time when he had a son named Raymond (played by Gary Coleman), who came to visit his aunt Louise and uncle George in one episode of "The Jeffersons".
During "All in the Family", Jefferson lived in a working-class neighborhood in the borough of Queens, next door to the Bunker family, with his wife Louise (Isabel Sanford) and son Lionel (Mike Evans). During the period, between 1971 and 1973, George's perpetual absence was explained as being a result of his refusal to set foot in his bigoted neighbor Archie Bunker's home, although in later episodes relationships between Jefferson and Bunker thawed somewhat. When the spin-off series "The Jeffersons" began in January 1975, George and his family had moved "to a deluxe apartment in the sky" on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Like his neighbor Archie Bunker, George Jefferson was frequently opinionated, rude, bigoted, prone to scheming and not particularly intelligent in a scholastic sense. Unlike Archie, however, George was more quick-thinking, and usually more clever. Frequently, plots in "The Jeffersons" revolved around George's usually dishonest schemes, which always ended in comedic failure. In one 3rd season farcical episode {A Case of Black and White}, George schemes to obtain a new client (a mixed-race couple) by inviting them and the Willises (also a mixed-race couple) to dinner. When the Willises realize that George is using them, they leave before the new client shows up. This makes George bribe Florence the maid and Ralph the doorman into pretending to be the Willises. Eventually the Willises return, and by pretending to be Florence and Ralph, they help George land the client, while trapping George into throwing them an extravagant anniversary party.
Like Archie Bunker, George Jefferson's personality softened somewhat as years passed. By "The Jeffersons" series finale in 1985, the frequent racism and interracial marriage plotlines of early seasons were replaced with plots involving the Jeffersons' family life, as well as interactions with maid Florence (played by Marla Gibbs) and neighbors. George would form a grudging friendship with Tom Willis.
On the short lived series, "E/R", George visited his niece, Julie Williams (played by Lynne Moody), a Chicago nurse.
Helmsley appeared as George twice on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", appearing along with Isabel Sanford as Louise, debating whether or not to buy the house Will Smith's character had lived in for the last several years from his aunt and uncle in the later episode.
Jefferson Cleaners.
The third episode of "All in the Family" explained how George Jefferson started his dry-cleaning business. George Jefferson's son Lionel explains that the family used a $3,200 (around $.00, adjusted for current inflation) insurance settlement from a car accident to start Jefferson’s Cleaners. A Christmas flashback episode, which featured Sherman Hemsley playing his character's father, explained how he got the idea to open a dry cleaning business as a child after his father told him that dry cleaning was expensive. This episode also showed how George had been involved in money-making schemes since childhood, with him working as a shoe-shine boy and paying a schoolmate to push people into mud puddles, forcing them to get their shoes shined.
George Jefferson’s chief business rival was Gil Cunningham, with whom George had a considerably antagonistic relationship. Later in the series, after Gil Cunningham died, the Jeffersons discovered that Gil never desired to be enemies with George. It was revealed that Gil's wife (played by future "L.A. Law" star Susan Ruttan), had been the motivator behind this competition all along. In his will, Gil left George the bowling trophy he won vs. Jefferson Cleaners, with a letter inside warning George to never trust her because “she put the ‘cunning’ in Cunningham.” Gil was later proven right as Mrs. Cunningham, under the guise of still grieving over his passing, stole the idea from an ad campaign George was devising for Jefferson Cleaners, which stated that for every pound of laundry a customer would send in to be cleaned, they would be reimbursed one dollar. But in the end, after finding Gil's letter, George turned the tables on Mrs. Cunningham by bringing her all of the laundry from all seven of his cleaning stores and thereby forcing her to pay him a dollar for every pound, which amounted to $10,000.
A later season "flashback" episode of "The Jeffersons" depicted the day the very first Jefferson Cleaners store opened for business, which happened to be the day Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated in April 1968; however, this contradicts the previous history established during "All in the Family" 's first season (in early 1971), where Lionel announced that his parents had just started their own dry cleaning business with money his father had received in a disability settlement.
George Jefferson loved eating ham frequently throughout the series.
"All in the Family" appearances.
The following is a list of "All in the Family" episodes featuring George Jefferson before and during "The Jeffersons".
Cultural impact.
The lingering cultural impact of the George Jefferson character is such that Michelle Obama, the wife of then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, referenced George Jefferson in a June 2008 interview with the "New York Times". Referring to an unfounded rumor discussed by a blogger that she had once used the word "whitey" in a speech, Michelle Obama told the "Times": "You are amazed sometimes at how deep the lies can be . . . I mean, ‘whitey’? That’s something that George Jefferson would say. Anyone who says that doesn’t know me. They don’t know the life I’ve lived. They don’t know anything about me."

</doc>
<doc id="2918426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918426" title="Andrew Hoffman">
Andrew Hoffman

Andrew J. Hoffman (born 1961) is a scholar of environmental issues and sustainable enterprise. He is the Holcim (US) Professor of Sustainable Enterprise at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business and School of Natural Resources and Environment (SNRE) where he is also Director of The Erb Institute for Global Sustainable Enterprise. His research uses a sociological perspective to understand the cultural and institutional aspects of environmental issues for organizations. In particular, he focuses on the processes by which environmental issues both emerge and evolve as social, political and managerial issues. He has written extensively about: the evolving nature of field level pressures related to environmental issues; the corporate responses that have emerged as a result of those pressures, particularly around the issue of climate change; the interconnected networks among non-governmental organizations and corporations and how those networks influence change processes within cultural and institutional systems; the social and psychological barriers to these change processes; and the underlying cultural values that are engaged when these barriers are overcome. His Ph.D. was conferred by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1995. He is an expert in environmental pollution and has published eleven books and over one-hundred articles and book chapters.
The World Resources Institute and the Aspen Institute selected Professor Hoffman to receive their Faculty Pioneer Rising Star Award in 2003. He was the Grand Prize winner of the 2009 Alfred N. and Lynn Manos Page Prize for Sustainability Issues in Business Curricula for the course: Green Construction & Design. And he was selected for the 2011 Aldo Leopold Fellowship, the 2011 and 2009 Aspen Environmental Fellowship, and the 1995 Klegerman Award. His work has been covered in numerous media outlets, including the "New York Times, Scientific American, Time, the Wall Street Journal, the Atlantic," and National Public Radio. His book "From Heresy to Dogma: An Institutional History of Corporate Environmentalism" was selected as winner of the 2001 Rachel Carson Prize from the Society for Social Studies of Science. His book "Builder's Apprentice" was selected as the winner of the 2011 Connecticut Book Award. His article "Climate science as culture war," won the 2013 Maggie Prize. 
Books:
Selected Articles:

</doc>
<doc id="2918441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918441" title="Basara Nekki">
Basara Nekki

Fictional Biography.
Basara is an enigmatic character. He is an orphan who grew up in the mountains of Japan, owning only the clothes on his back and his trusty acoustic guitar, which dwarfed him. His hobby was roaming the wilderness, playing and singing; so strong was his faith in music that he believed he could move a mountain, and would sing to it in the midst of a typhoon. He encountered an alcoholic ex-U.N. Spacy pilot, Ray Lovelock, and his talent and determination convinced Ray to form the rock band Fire Bomber with him. As guitarist and main vocalist Basara now fronts the band, with Ray playing keyboards, young girl Mylene Flare Jenius as bassist, and a quiet full-blooded Zentradi woman, Veffidas Feaze, as drummer.
Valkyrie Pilot.
In addition to being a good rock singer, Basara also seems to be an exceptionally talented pilot, though the origin of his skill is unknown. He pilots a customized VF-19 Fire Valkyrie, its control system modified to resemble an electric guitar, and its gun firing remote speaker pods which transmit his singing to his targets. Basara disdains weaponry and is annoyed at Ray's desire to fit missiles to his VF-19, though occasionally he uses them in blind anger. In the Dynamite 7 OVA, he has also been shown to be able to pilot a Valkyrie outfitted with a regular control interface, indirectly through the physical manipulation of his regular acoustic guitar while still being able to pull off impressive feats of piloting, a testament to his ability as a pilot.
Musician and Pacifist.
Basara is a very emotionally driven pacifist who fanatically believes in the power of music and emotion over physical might. He cares little for anything other than his music, and seems oblivious to events around him; in particular he does not notice the feelings women have for him, including Mylene and female biker Rex. The only emotions he ever expresses to any degree are wild enthusiasm for his concerts and angry frustration at those who fail to "understand" his songs; the rest of the time he maintains a nonchalant, almost contemptuous air, addressing everyone in casual Japanese language. A free spirit, he goes wherever he pleases and frequently arrives late at Fire Bomber's concerts (often making his entrance by parachute), believing they cannot start without him. However, when alone he sings songs expressive of his moods, the only way he can cope with his emotions.
Sound Force.
In the early episodes of the series, every time the mysterious apparently human enemies attack, Basara drops whatever he is doing and flies into the midst of the fighting, believing that the power of his songs will reach into their hearts and make them stop their assault. At first his music has no effect and his skill in dodging enemy fire is the only thing that keeps him alive, and moreover his interference on the battlefield annoys "Macross 7" pilots, especially the highly disciplined Gamlin Kizaki. However, his music—and that of Fire Bomber—causes humans to regenerate their spiritual energy ("spiritia") after it has been drained by the enemy. When his methods thus begin to show an effect, he is invited by Captain Maximilian Jenius to join a special civilian squadron called "Sound Force", though his complete lack of respect for military rules vexes those who would command him.
Anima Spiritia.
Later in the series it is revealed that Basara and the rest of Sound Force (Fire Bomber) are the new "Anima Spiritia", the only force capable of defeating the Protodeviln and their Varauta army. However, Basara regards the real enemy, the alien beings known as the Protodeviln, in the same way he regards everyone else: rather than destroying them, he wants to win them over. 
At first his singing appears to hurt the renegade Sivil, a female humanoid Protodeviln in whom he recognises his own free-spiritedness, and when she kisses him she is overwhelmed and driven into a comatose state. He continues to sing for her in an effort to reanimate her, inspiring Gigile, another Protodeviln in temporary human form, to do the same. The two become unlikely allies against the other Protodeviln, and Gigile begins to admire Basara, who through the power of music awakens Gigile's true form. However, Gigile self-destructs to protect Sivil afterwards. 
In the end, it is Basara's singing what helps the Protodeviln evolve into a Spiritia self-generating race with no need to steal it from humanoids any more.

</doc>
<doc id="2918452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918452" title="KLUZ-TV">
KLUZ-TV

KLUZ-TV is a television station in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is a Univision affiliate, owned by Entravision Communications Corporation. KLUZ began operation in September 1987 and has been a Univision affiliate since then. In 2007 it added LATV as a digital subchannel on 41.2.
KLUZ operates on digital channel 42 and is displayed as channel 41.
Newscasts.
Noticias Univision Nuevo México: Weekdays, 5 p.m. & 10 p.m.
On-air personalities.
Anchors
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
KLUZ-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 41, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 42. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 41.

</doc>
<doc id="2918453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918453" title="Izzatnagar">
Izzatnagar

Izzatnagar also houses the famous Trishul Air-base of Indian Air Force.
History.
It is named after Sir Alexander Izat (1844-1920), a Scottish engineer and director of the Bengal and North Western Railway. He Specialized in Bridge Engineering and came to Izzatnagar in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="2918458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918458" title="Coleambally">
Coleambally

Coleambally is a small town in the Riverina of New South Wales, Australia, in Murrumbidgee Shire.
Coleambally is one of the newest towns in the state of New South Wales, officially opened in June 1968, with the Post Office opening on 1 April 1970.
Designed to act as the centre for the surrounding Coleambally Irrigation Area, at the 2006 census, Coleambally had a population of 658 people.
Its name is Aboriginal, probably meaning a swift in flight. The spine-tailed swift is one of the most powerful fliers known, wheeling and sweeping at high speed in search of flying insects.
Coleambally can be accessed by road from Sydney and Canberra via the Hume Highway and Burley Griffin Way and from Melbourne via the Hume Highway, Newell Highway and the Kidman Way.
History.
The Coleambally Irrigation Area scheme was started in the 1950s, with potential farmland being made available through a ballot system. Those who entered the ballot had to prove they had enough money to set up a farm in order to enter, as the land they acquired started off with no fencing or infrastructure whatsoever. The successful ballot winners were also required to give up any other primary interests they may have held. They were to give all or nothing to Coleambally.
In 2008, following the Federal Government's proposals to buy large amounts of water from irrigators — ostensibly to "save" the Murray-Darling Basin — the Coleambally Irrigation Area offered the entire area, including the farms, water rights and the entire town, for sale at a price of $3.5 billion.
Commerce.
Its main industry has been rice growing, with a major rice mill located one kilometre north of the town. Other crops are also grown, such as wheat, maize, sorghum and soya beans. Grazing of sheep and cattle is also common.
The quality of soil in the Coleambally Irrigation Area, combined with growing a water-intensive crop such as rice, has led to soil salination and high water table problems throughout the area. Efforts to alleviate the soil salination problem since 1995 have minimised the problem.
The lack of water during the latest drought has put the rice industry at risk, with severe water restrictions being imposed. Competition from highly subsidised US farmers also poses a large threat to this industry and the families involved in it.
Rice production in 2006 will be much higher than recent years due to greater water allocations being available.
Total rice production in 2006 in the Murray Valley and the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area (MIA) and Coleambally Irrigation Area are expected to total , up from in 2005.
Education.
There are two schools in Coleambally: Coleambally Central School, a comprehensive government school catering for students from Kindergarten to Year 12, and St Peter's Primary School, a Roman Catholic school administered by the Diocese of Wagga Wagga.
Churches.
Coleambally is situated in the Anglican Diocese of Riverina. The Anglican Church is dedicated to St Mark.
The Roman Catholic Church is dedicated to St Peter.
The church of the Uniting Church of Australia was formerly a shearer's quarters before being moved to its present location.
Attractions.
Coleambally's distinctive wine glass shaped water tower is located in the centre of town. A Bucyrus Class Dragline is located in the Lions Park at the entrance of the town. It is one of four machines imported from the United States in 1935 to excavate the main irrigation channels in the Murray Valley and the Coleambally Irrigation Area in the early 1960s. 

</doc>
<doc id="2918459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918459" title="Where Have I Known You Before">
Where Have I Known You Before

Where Have I Known You Before is the fourth album by jazz-rock fusion band Return to Forever, the second since leader Chick Corea had "revamped" the line-up and moved towards electric instrumentation, playing jazz fusion with clear influences from progressive rock.
Background, instrumentation, compositions.
While the style of music did not change much since the previous album, "Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy", important changes have taken place in the band's sound and line-up. Chick Corea, for instance, had started to use synthesizers (most notably the Moog Minimoog and ARP Odyssey synthesizers), developing the distinctive sound he became known for. An equally important change in the band was the replacement of guitarist Bill Connors with the then 20-year-old virtuoso Al Di Meola. Connors left the band before the recording of this album to concentrate on his acoustic solo career. Overall, the band have developed a clearer, more focused sound and style. This is due in part to the personnel changes, the implementation of new technology, and new playing techniques, but it is also a product of more careful recording and production in the studio.
Between the album's longer tracks are three of Corea's short piano improvisations that all bear a title that begins "Where Have I...". The first track is Stanley Clarke's "Vulcan Worlds", which features some melodic motifs that would also appear on Clarke's self-titled solo album the same year. The song proved Clarke "one of the fastest and most facile electric bassists around". Each player except for drummer Lenny White takes long solos. The next long track is Lenny White's composition "The Shadow of Lo", a complex piece with many changes in mood. The last track on Side A is Corea's "Beyond the Seventh Galaxy", a sequel to his "Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy", the title track from the group's previous album. Side B begins with the collective jam "Earth Juice". Most of Side B is taken up by Corea's 14-minute epic "Song to the Pharaoh Kings", a song notable for its use of the harmonic minor scale. The track has a long keyboard intro, after which Chick Corea is joined by the full band, and an "eastern" theme appears. Each member of the band plays a long solo.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="2918460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918460" title="Battle of Vasai">
Battle of Vasai

The Battle of Vasai was fought between the Marathas and the Portuguese rulers of Vasai, a village lying near Mumbai (Bombay) in the present-day state of Maharashtra, India. The Marathas were led by Chimaji Appa, a brother of Peshwa Baji Rao I. Maratha victory in this war was a major achievement of Baji Rao I's reign.
1737–1738 – Marathas march towards Bacaim.
They seized Arnala to drive out the Portuguese. General Shankarji Pant Phadke informed Chimaji that Arnala fort is a strategic fort for the naval forces that were on route from north west coast to attack the Portuguese. Chimaji approved the assault on the fort. Shankarji Pant consulted and sought assistance of the local people to attack the Arnala fort; among them were Govindji Kasar and Gavraji Patil from Bolinj. Shankarji sent Sardar Gangaji Naik Anjurkar, Bajirao Belose and Rayajirao Surve to lead a battalion of 400 soldiers to lead the attack on Arnala fort. This attack was coordinated along with naval force commanded by Daryasarang i.e. Admiral Manaji Agre.
On March 28, 1737 Maratha forces attacked the fort and surprised the Portuguese who were caught with their guard down. The Portuguese retreated and gave up the fort. The Maratha victory was commemorated with a plaque installed on the northern wall of the fort and is still visible today. Soon after the Maratha victory, Shankarji Pant began reconstruction of the fort. By January of 1738 three bastions were completed. The three bastions were named Bhairav, Bhavani and Bava. The construction was completed by March 1738. Later Marathas occupied Versova and Dharavi.
1739 – Siege of Bacaim begins.
The Siege of Bacaim began on 17 February 1739 under able leadership of Bajirao's brother Chimaji Appa. Marathas exhibited force, besieging skill, courage and perseverance, and thus Portuguese lose their commander Silveira de Menezes. The Portuguese garrison defended with courage and constancy using hand grenades, musketry and mortars. Using their technically advanced weapons and artillery, the Portuguese inflicted high casualties on the Marathas. Angre's fleet played a brave role and on 16 May 1739 the Marathas defeated Portuguese. Naro Shankar Dani's cavalry and infantry exhibited bravery and loyalty along with artillery, which played an important role, with Chimajiappa himself igniting the first shot from a cannon. Artillery's Lieutenant in command Girmaji Kanitkar wreaked havoc by consistently bombarding the fort with his artillery. This with Manaji Angre's seaborne musketeers' accurate shooting forced the Portuguese to surrender. Portuguese offered to capitulate, but requested to allow marching out with honors which Marathas accepted, as a mark of humane protocol to the defeated army. 
1739 – Bacaim was named as Bajipur after the Peshwa Bajirao. To restore the Hindu culture and resettle the unconverted natives they incurred upon by the Portuguese rule, Peshwas brought a group of well trained, well learned Hindu priests to 'purify' the native converts willing to reconvert to their original Hindu fold. 
Chimaji Appa restored the Nageshwar Mandir near Naga Kunda, built Hanuman Mandir over a church which might have been built on a mosque or temple foundation in the Fort. The oldest Trivikram Mandir in fort over St. Anthony Church and Vamana Mandir of Aggasi are said to have been established by Shri Vamadev Tirtha Swami. In 388 B.C. built Bhavani Shankara Mandir of Aggasi over our lady of light church, Papdy Kshetrapaleshwar Mandir which was built over our lady of Fatima.
Also rebuilt and restored was Jagadguru Shankaracharya Mandir at Nirmal. The Padmanabha Tirtha Swami Samadhi Ruins on the outskirts which were destroyed by Portuguese were re-established. Shankarji Keshav, the Subhedaar of Vasai led all these activities. When going back to Pune, Chimaji took beautiful church Bell's, which was cast in Europe and was in use of church services in the Fort. These bells were so beautiful that, Chimaji couldn't resist to take it along with him in his backward journey. One of the beautiful bell among them is installed at "Mahabaleshwar Mandir", Satara. One can see it even today. Inscribed on the Bell "Ave Maria". Another Church bell was taken away by Naro Shankar & placed on the bank of river Godavari in Nasik city. Chimaji allowed all Portuguese people to leave unharmed with their belongings.also the brave support of aan and mann thakur brothers of dombivali who helped chimaji peshwe to built explosives at vasai fort by giving their valuable lives.

</doc>
<doc id="2918461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918461" title="Rigolet Airport">
Rigolet Airport

Rigolet Airport is located adjacent to Rigolet, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918463" title="South Brook Water Aerodrome">
South Brook Water Aerodrome

South Brook Water Aerodrome is located on the shores of Deer Lake, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada and is open from May until the middle of November.

</doc>
<doc id="2918465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918465" title="Springdale Airport">
Springdale Airport

Springdale Airport , is west of Springdale, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918478" title="Springdale/Davis Pond Water Aerodrome">
Springdale/Davis Pond Water Aerodrome

Springdale/Davis Pond Water Aerodrome , is southeast of Springdale, Newfoundland and Labrador on Davis Pond and is open from June until November.

</doc>
<doc id="2918483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918483" title="Chae Eui-jin">
Chae Eui-jin

Chae Eui-jin is a South Korean voice actor.
She joined the Tooniverse voice acting division in 1997, which she left for the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2918489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918489" title="Mark Foutch">
Mark Foutch

Mark Foutch is the former mayor (2004–2007) of the City of Olympia, Washington. Olympia is the capital city of Washington state.

</doc>
<doc id="2918496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918496" title="YRG">
YRG

YRG is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings, as described below:

</doc>
<doc id="2918501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918501" title="UFOria">
UFOria

UFOria is a science fiction/comedy movie starring Fred Ward, Harry Dean Stanton, Harry Carey, Jr. and Cindy Williams. It was directed and written by John Binder. The film includes small appearances by Peggy McKay, Joe Unger, Hank Worden and Charlotte Stewart. Filming was completed in 1981, but the film was not theatrically released until 1985. Due to poor audience attendance, the film was not a financial success. It was only released on VHS in 1987 by MCA Home Video, now known as Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
Plot synopsis.
Sheldon Bart (Fred Ward) is a drifter, and a small-time con man. He meets his old friend, Brother Bud (Harry Dean Stanton), a big-time con man into faith healing and fencing stolen cars, at his revival tent outside a small town. While he's helping Brother Bud, he falls in love with Arlene (Cindy Williams), a local supermarket clerk who believes in UFOs and is deeply religious and deeply lonely. When Arlene has a vision of a coming UFO, everyone deals with it in their own way.
Release.
Theatrical.
Despite being completed in 1981, the film was not released theatrically until 1985. It was not successful in theaters because it did not have much of an audience.
Home media.
MCA Home Video, now known as Universal Studios Home Entertainment, released the film on VHS in 1987. The film was never released on DVD.
The film also aired on cable television in 1986.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received mostly positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave the film a 4 star review, calling the film a "great and goofy comedy", concluding with "Like ""Repo Man"," ""Turtle Diary"" and ""Hannah and Her Sisters"," it is willing to go for originality in a world that prizes the entertainment assembly line."
Vincent Canby, a reviewer writing for the "New York Times", said that the film has a "raffish tone" and is "exuberantly nutty," while also praising the casting. Kevin Thomas, writing for the "Los Angeles Times" concluded his review with, "Williams manages to be adorable and never seems all-out crazy; like Ward, you do believe in her, whether or not you believe in UFOs."

</doc>
<doc id="2918511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918511" title="Gibson Moderne">
Gibson Moderne

The Gibson Moderne is an electric guitar model first designed by Gibson in 1957. It was designed alongside the Flying V and Explorer-"Futura" as part of a stylistically advanced line of electric guitars. However, unlike the Flying V and Explorer, the Moderne was not put into production until 1982.
Because few if any prototypes were made in the 1950s, and no authenticated example is known to exist, the hypothetical 1958 Moderne has been called both the "Holy Grail" and the "Loch Ness Monster" of collectible guitars.
Matthias Jabs, lead guitarist with the Scorpions, is pictured with a Gibson Moderne in the band's 1984 Love At First Sting tourbook.
History.
By the mid-1950s Gibson Guitar Company had lost considerable market share to rival Fender's Telecaster and Stratocaster models and created three modernistic solid-body guitar concepts in an attempt to strike back. On June 27, 1957 Gibson President Theodore "Ted" McCarty filed three designs with the United States Patent Office which would come to be called "Flying V," "Explorer", and (unofficially, by later historians) "Moderne." The design patents were issued on January 7, 1958, however, the Moderne was not put into production and it is still not clear whether any were actually created at that time (there is only a vague mention of "Mod. Guitars" on a shipping list, which some argue applies to Explorers). Sources claim that Ted McCarty said that a handful of prototypes were built, but there is no conclusive proof either way.
They were "re"-issued by Gibson in 1980 at the NAMM show in Atlanta as part of the "Heritage Series" and later produced in Korea by Epiphone.
Stylistically, Modernes are characterized by an elongated lower bass bout (similar to the Flying V), a scooped-out treble bout (similar to a shark fin), an oblong headstock (similar to Gumby's head) with inverted tuners, and gold hardware: the usual Gibson combination of two humbuckers, adjustable Tune-o-Matic bridge and stop tailpiece.
The Gibson Moderne is featured in the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 video games Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero 2 in 2006 as unlockables. It was also featured in the Nintendo DS video game . Because of their very limited production and forward design, Modernes are highly sought by collectors. However, in 2012, Gibson re-released the Moderne as a part of their production line.
In 2013 Gibson introduced a Zakk Wylde signature model. The "Moderne of Doom" features a pinstripe design that is typical with Zakk Wylde's signature guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="2918518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918518" title="Atom-transfer radical-polymerization">
Atom-transfer radical-polymerization

Atom transfer radical polymerization (ATRP) is an example of a living polymerization or a controlled/living radical polymerization (CRP). Like its counterpart, ATRA or atom transfer radical addition, it is a means of forming a carbon-carbon bond through a transition metal catalyst. As the name implies, the atom transfer step is the key step in the reaction responsible for uniform polymer chain growth. ATRP (or transition metal-mediated living radical polymerization) was independently discovered by Mitsuo Sawamoto "et al." and by Jin-Shan Wang and Krzysztof Matyjaszewski in 1995.
ATRP.
The uniformed polymer chain growth, which leads to low dispersity, stems from the transition metal based catalyst. This catalyst provides an equilibrium between active, and therefore propagating, polymer and an inactive form of the polymer; known as the dormant form. Since the dormant state of the polymer is vastly preferred in this equilibrium, only a few (theoretically one) monomer unit is added at a time. This slow rate of propagation is responsible for the low polydispersity due to the fact that the chains polymerized are of a uniform length, as well as the fact that termination is avoided until almost 100 percent conversion.
This equilibrium in turn lowers the concentration of propagating radicals, therefore suppressing unintentional termination and controlling molecular weights.
ATRP reactions are very robust in that they are tolerant of many functional groups like allyl, amino, epoxy, hydroxy and vinyl groups present in either the monomer or the initiator. ATRP methods are also advantageous due to the ease of preparation, commercially available and inexpensive catalysts (copper complexes), pyridine based ligands and initiators (alkyl halides).
Components of ATRP.
There are five important variable components of Atom Transfer Radical Polymerizations. They are the monomer, initiator, catalyst, solvent and temperature. The following section breaks down the contributions of each component to the overall polymerization.
Monomer.
Monomers that are typically used in ATRP are molecules with substituents that can stabilize the propagating radicals; for example, styrenes, (meth)acrylates, (meth)acrylamides, and acrylonitrile. ATRP are successful at leading to polymers of high number average molecular weight and a narrow polydispersity index when the concentration of the propagating radical balances the rate of radical termination. Yet, the propagating rate is unique to each individual monomer. Therefore, it is important that the other components of the polymerization (initiator, catalysts, ligands and solvents) are optimized in order for the concentration of the dormant species to be greater than the concentration of the propagating radical and yet not too great to slow down or halt the reaction.
Initiator.
The number of growing polymer chains is determined by the initiator. The faster the initiation, the fewer terminations and transfers, the more consistent the number of propagating chains leading to narrow molecular weight distributions. Organic halides that are similar in the organic framework as the propagating radical are often chosen as initiators. Most initiators for ATRP are alkyl halides. Alkyl halides such as alkyl bromides are more reactive than alkyl chlorides and both have good molecular weight control. The shape or structure of your initiator can determine the architecture of your polymer. For example, initiators with multiple alkyl halide groups on a single core can lead to a star-like polymer shape..
Catalyst.
The catalyst is the most important component of ATRP because it determines the equilibrium constant between the active and dormant species. This equilibrium determines the polymerization rate and an equilibrium constant too small may inhibit or slow the polymerization while an equilibrium constant too large leads to a high distribution of chain lengths.
There are several requirements for the metal catalyst: 
The most studied catalysts are those that include copper, which has shown the most versatility, with successful polymerizations for a wide selection of monomers.
Solvent.
Toluene,1,4-dioxane, xylene, anisole, DMF, DMSO, water, methanol, acetonitrile, chloroform, and other solvents are used.
Reverse ATRP.
In reverse ATRP, the catalyst is added in its higher oxidation state. Chains are activated by conventional radical initiators (e.g. AIBN) and deactivated by the transition metal. The source of transferrable halogen is the copper salt, so this must be present in concentrations comparable to the transition metal.
A mixture of radical initiator and active (lower oxidation state) catalyst allows for the creation of block copolymers (contaminated with homopolymer) which is impossible using standard reverse ATRP. This is called SR&NI (simultaneous reverse and normal initiation ATRP).
AGET ATRP.
Activators generated by electron transfer uses a reducing agent unable to initiate new chains (instead of organic radicals) as regenerator for the low-valent metal. Examples are metallic Cu, tin(II), ascorbic acid, or triethylamine. It allows for lower concentrations of transition metals, and may also be possible in aqueous or dispersed media.
Hybrid and bimetallic systems.
This technique uses a variety of different metals/oxidation states, possibly on solid supports, to act as activators/deactivators, possibly with reduced toxicity or sensitivity. Iron salts can, for example, efficiently activate alkyl halides but requires an efficient Cu(II) deactivator which can be present in much lower concentrations (3–5 mol%)
ICAR ATRP.
Initiators for continuous activator regeneration is a technique that uses large excesses of initiator to continuously regenerate the activator, lowering its required concentration from thousands of ppm to around 1 ppm; making it an industrially relevant technique. Styrene is especially interesting because it generates radicals when sufficiently heated.
ARGET ATRP.
Activators regenerated by electron transfer can be used to make block copolymers using a method similar to AGET but requiring strongly reduced amounts of metal, since the activator is regenerated from the deactivator by a large excess of reducing agent (e.g. hydrazine, phenoles, sugars, ascorbic acid, etc...) It differs from AGET ATRP in that AGET uses reducing agents to generate the active catalyst (in quasi stoichiometric amounts) while in ARGET a large excess is used to continuously regenerate the activator allowing transition metal concentrations to drop to ~1 ppm without loss of control.

</doc>
<doc id="2918520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918520" title="Kannada Brahmins">
Kannada Brahmins

Kannada Brahmins are Brahmins whose mother-tongue is the Kannada language. Nearly all of them hail from the south Indian state of Karnataka.
Three sects.
Ramanuja, founder of the Vishishtadvaita philosophy found sanctuary in Karnataka at a time when the Hoysala empire, ruled by Vishnuvardhana, were at their zenith. Adi Shankaracharya, founder of the Advaita philosophy chose Sringeri as the site for the first Matha. Madhvacharya, founder of the Tatva-vada philosophy, was the son of Karnataka. As such,south Indian Brahmins belong to any one of three specific sects (schools of philosophy), being:
Prominent communities.
Each of these sects encompasses several sub-castes of Brahmins. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="2918524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918524" title="Secret Admirer">
Secret Admirer

Secret Admirer is a 1985 American romantic comedy film directed by David Greenwalt, and starring C. Thomas Howell, Lori Loughlin, Kelly Preston and Fred Ward. The screenplay was written by Greenwalt and Jim Kouf. The original music score was composed by Jan Hammer. The film was produced at the height of the teen sex comedy cinema craze in the mid-1980s, and marked the directorial debut of Greenwalt. The film has received a MPAA rating of R.
Plot.
Michael Ryan (Howell) is a high school student who receives an anonymous love letter. Michael is obsessed with Deborah Ann Fimple (Preston), the class beauty, and his best friend, Roger (Siemaszko), convinces him that the letter is from her. However, he is totally oblivious that his friend Toni Williams (Loughlin) is in love with him. Michael writes Deborah Ann an anonymous love letter in return, and asks Toni to give it to her. Toni realizes the letter is poorly written and unromantic (since Michael had copied words from greeting cards), so she rewrites it. Elizabeth Fimple (Taylor-Young), Deborah Ann's mother, discovers the letter. Her jealous police officer husband, Lou Fimple (Ward), sees her reading it. He steals the letter, and believes that his wife is having an affair. He suspects his neighbor (and bridge partner) George Ryan (DeYoung). George also mistakenly reads the letter because Lou's wife is his night school teacher and it somehow ends up in his book. When George asks her about it he assumes she wants to have an affair with him despite the fact his wife and she are friends. Meanwhile Lou shows the letter to George's wife, Connie (Wallace-Stone), and proposes that they expose the adulterers. Receiving no response from Deborah Ann, Michael writes a second letter, which Toni again rewrites. 
Michael experiences a series of wacky adventures with his friends throughout the summer. After Toni arranges a meeting between the two; He tells Deborah Ann that he wrote the love letters, and she finally agrees to a real date during which they are almost caught by Debbie's jock college "quasi boyfriend" Steve but Toni intervenes by pretending to seduce him and later ditches him. After a short while Michael realizes Deb is snobby and shallow, not like he expected her to be; they break up after his birthday party when he realizes he can't sleep with her as she intends for his birthday present. Eventually, Lou and Connie cannot control themselves at a bridge party: Lou assaults George, and Connie breaks down in front of her friends. When Lou confronts his wife about the letter, Deborah Ann overhears him reading the words and tearfully accosts her father for reading her private mail. Debbie runs to her rooms and cries, while both sets of parents make up after the misunderstanding with the letters. Michael also blasts his parents for reading his letter and invading his privacy.
Just as the fall semester is about to start, Michael (by comparing Debbie's letter's to Toni's handwriting) realizes that Toni wrote the original love letter. He races to her home but is told that she has left for a study abroad program aboard a ship that will keep her away for a full year. Michael rushes to the dockyard after a brief scuffle with Steve, screaming his love for Toni. After shouting her love for him as the ship continues to sail away he dives into the water, but cannot reach the ship. Toni dives into the water, too. The lovers embrace in the water and kiss.

</doc>
<doc id="2918525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918525" title="Miura Gorō">
Miura Gorō

Viscount , was a lieutenant general in the early Imperial Japanese Army.
Biography.
Miura was born in Chōshū Domain (modern Yamaguchi Prefecture), to a "samurai" of the Hagi clan. After studying at the Meirinkan clan military academy, he entered the "Kiheitai" irregular militia of the Chōshū domain and played an active role in the Boshin War to overthrow the Tokugawa bakufu. He later held various posts in Army-Navy Ministry and was commander of the Hiroshima District. During the Satsuma Rebellion, he served as commander of the Army's Third Brigade.
In 1884, he accompanied Ōyama Iwao on a tour of Europe, to study the military systems in various western countries. In 1888, after coming into conflict with politicians in the Chōshū clan clique, he was transferred from active duty to the reserves. In November of the same year, he retired and became president of Gakushuin Peers’ School.
In 1890, Miura was appointed a member of the House of Peers, and elevated in title to "shishaku" (viscount) under the " kazoku " peerage system.
In 1895, Miura was appointed Japan’s resident minister in Korea, succeeding Inoue Kaoru. Later that year, the political situation in Korea became increasingly unsettled due to the international outrage over the assassination of Korean Empress Myeongseong. Miura played the critical role in the assassination and was recalled to Japan and placed on a farcical trial with the involved military personnel at the Hiroshima District Court. The trial was held for political purposes to give an impression of rule of law to western nations. Miura's attorney argued in defense that killing is no murder when done to achieve political supremacy with Miura even admitting to the assassination. Nonetheless, the court found him not guilty on technical grounds of insufficient evidence and Miura and cohorts emerged from trial as national heroes.
Later, after the Japan-Korea Annexation Treaty in 1910, Miura became a privy councilor and focused on mediating talks among the heads of the political parties to protect the Meiji Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="2918526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918526" title="Frances Lear">
Frances Lear

Frances Lear (July 14, 1923, Hudson, New York – September 30, 1996, Manhattan) was an activist, magazine publisher and writer. She was the wife of television producer Norman Lear. After her 1985 divorce, Lear used her $112 million settlement to start "Lear's", a magazine targeting women over 45. The magazine folded six years later. She was believed to be the inspiration for the character Maude Findlay on the sitcom "Maude".
Lear died of breast cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="2918531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918531" title="Mukteshwar">
Mukteshwar

Mukteshwar is a town and tourist destination in the Nainital district of Uttarakhand, India. It sits high in the Kumaon Hills at an altitude of 2286 meters (7500 feet), 51 km from Nainital, 72 km from Haldwani, and 343 km from Delhi.
Local attractions.
Mukteshwar gets its name from an 350-year-old temple of Shiva, known as "Mukteshwar Dham", situated atop the highest point in the town, on the veterinary institute's campus. Close to it lie the overhanging cliffs, locally known as "Chauli-ki-Jali", used for rock climbing and rappelling, with an excellent view of the valleys below. The sunrise point is at the government-run PWD guest house. One can also visit the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI). Mukteshwar is the abode of a saint — Shri Mukteshwar Maharaj ji — who lived at the Top Cottage Temple where his samadhi is. One of his disciples, Swami Sanshudhanand ji, now stays there. The whole temple complex is a Tapovan and an ideal place for meditation.
IVRI hostels and the PWD rest house were the prominent shelters for ages. Now, Kumaon Mandal Vikas Nigam (KMVN) operates a tourist rest house (can be booked from Delhi as well as on phone/wireless from other KMVN guest houses). Several other hotels, resorts, guest houses and seasonal tent/hut-based camps come up. Nice scenery can be viewed from Chaulli ki Jaali, where rocks jut out from the hill face at a bizarre angle. This is a great place to observe eagles and other feathered scavengers as they swoop down at their prey.
The IVRI laboratories (experiments on tiny rats, gold-plated books, cattle-sheds), orchards of Central Institutes of Temperate Horticulture-Regional Station, 16 mile x 14 mile wide deodar forest, 22 pristine snow-peak views, and the adventure of living among wildlife like tigers and bears are some of the major attractions of this sleepy town. The charm of visiting Mukteshwar lies in enjoying nature, listening to air gushing through deodar forests, bird watching, meditation, and seeking peace. The cleanliness, solitude and nature can bore people who like urban excitement.
History.
Until 1893 the place was known for its shrines and temple before it was selected for serum production to protect animals from cattle plague. On the recommendation of the Cattle Plague Commission, the Imperial Bacteriological Laboratory had its genesis on December 9, 1889 at Pune and relocated to Mukteshwar in 1893 to facilitate segregation and quarantine of highly contagious organisms. Initially the laboratory at Mukteshwar was completed in 1898 but destroyed by fire in 1899. It was resurrected in 1901. Then annual expenditure on research was Rs. 50,000. Later it was developed into the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), which later moved its headquarters to Izatnagar. Still Mukteshwar serves as the hill campus of IVRI, including facilities such as an experimental goat farm.
The noted Nobel winner scientist Robert Koch visited this place on request of the government of India. The microscope used by him and other historical articles are kept in the museum maintained by IVRI. Hill carved cold room in 1900 is a place of attraction for visitors. It was made to store biological materials then. 
Famous saviour of horror-stricken people from man-eating tigers and writer Jim Corbett visited Mukteshwar. He wrote of Mukteshwar in "Man-Eaters of Kumaon". Corbett wrote befitting and thrilling accounts of his experiences in the jungle. His books can be freely downloaded online.
Geography.
Mukteshwar is located at . It has an average elevation of 2,286 metres (7,500 feet).
Mukteshwar is rich in scenic beauty, with magnificent views of the Indian Himalayas including India's second-highest peak, Nanda Devi.
Because of the hilly topography, agriculture in the area consists chiefly of potato fields and fruit orchards on terraces cut into the hillsides.
Climate.
Mukteshwar has a subtropical highland climate (Köppen climate classification "Cwb"). The pattern of seasons is similar to that in other parts of northern India, with distinct summer, monsoon and winter seasons. However, due to its high elevation, Mukteshwar is spared the intense heat of lower-lying towns and cities. Summers are warm with moderate rainfall, while the monsoon season is slightly cooler and features much heavier rain. Winters can be quite cool, and temperatures below freezing are not unusual.
Kumaon Vani radio service.
With the aim to create a common platform for local communities of Supi in Uttarakhand, TERI launched 'Kumaon Vani', a community radio service on March 11, 2010. Uttarakhand governor Margaret Alva inaugurated the radio station, the first in the state. The 'Kumaon Vani' aims to air programmes on environment, agriculture, culture, weather and education in the local language and with the active participation of the communities. The station covers a radius of 10 km reaching out to almost 2000 locals around Mukteshwar.
New development.
There is a 'Renewable Park' developed by TERI. The renewable park uses solar electricity for most of its electricity needs. Recently, the town has experienced some construction activity and townships have begun to mushroom in and around Mukteshwar. Many people are buying holiday homes here to escape large chaotic cities.
Transport.
The nearest airport is at Pantnagar and the nearest railway head is at Kathgodam, 65 km from the town, from where vehicular transport is easily available from neighbouring towns of Bhimtal, Bhowali, and Nainital.

</doc>
<doc id="2918544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918544" title="Fredrik Winsnes">
Fredrik Winsnes

Fredrik Guttormsen Lærum Winsnes (born December 28, 1975) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, primarily for Rosenborg BK in the Norwegian Premier League. He also played 19 games for the Norway national football team.
Career.
Born in Trondheim, Winsnes started his senior career with local team Rosenborg in 1996. He played nine seasons at Rosenborg, winning seven Norwegian Premier League championships and two Norwegian Cups. Though playing for Rosenborg until the end of 2005, he spent the 2002 season on loan at Swedish team Hammarby IF. In December 2005, he signed a three-year long deal with Aalborg Boldspilklub (AaB) in the Danish Superliga. He joined the AaB squad on January 4, 2006 during the training for the second half of the 2005–06 Superliga season. 
He played one and a half season at AaB, helping them win bronze medals in the 2006–07 Superliga season; the best AaB result in eight years. After the season, he was named 2006-07 AaB "Player of the Year". Having played a total 57 games and scored five goals for AaB, the birth of his daughter prompted Winsnes and his wife to move back to Norway to be closer to their family. He continued his career at Strømsgodset. August 20, 2008 he made a comeback on the Norwegian national team in a friendly match against Ireland, almost five years since his last match for Norway. After the 2009 season Winsnes returned to Rosenborg in his hometown Trondheim.

</doc>
<doc id="2918555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918555" title="An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States">
An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States

An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States is a 1913 book by American historian Charles A. Beard. It argues that the structure of the Constitution of the United States was motivated primarily by the personal financial interests of the Founding Fathers. More specifically, Beard contends that the Constitutional Convention was attended by, and the Constitution was therefore written by, a "cohesive" elite seeking to protect its personal property (especially bonds) and economic standing. Beard examined the occupations and property holdings of the members of the convention from tax and census records, contemporaneous news accounts, and biographical sources, demonstrating the degree to which each stood to benefit from various Constitutional provisions. Beard pointed out, for example, that George Washington was the wealthiest landowner in the country, and had provided significant funding towards the Revolution. Beard traces the Constitutional guarantee that the newly formed nation would pay its debts to the desire of Washington and similarly situated lenders to have their costs refunded.
Historiography.
Historian Carl L. Becker in "History of Political Parties in the Province of New York, 1760-1776" (1909) formulated the Progressive interpretation of the American Revolution. He said there were two revolutions: one against Britain to obtain home rule, and the other to determine who should rule at home. Charles A. Beard in "An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States" (1913) and "An Economic Interpretation of Jeffersonian Democracy" (1915) extended Becker's thesis down to 1800 in terms of class conflict. To Beard, the Constitution was a counter-revolution, set up by rich bond holders (bonds were "personal property"), in opposition to the farmers and planters (land was "real property.") The Constitution, Beard argued, was designed to reverse the radical democratic tendencies unleashed by the Revolution among the common people, especially farmers and debtors (people who owed money to the rich). In 1800, said Beard, the farmers and debtors, led by plantation slaveowners, overthrew the capitalists and established Jeffersonian democracy.
Other historians supported the class-conflict interpretation noting the states confiscated great semifeudal landholdings of Loyalists and gave them out in small parcels to ordinary farmers. Conservatives such as William Howard Taft were shocked at the Progressive interpretation because it seem to belittle the Constitution. History professors, however, mostly adopted it and by 1930 it became the standard interpretation of the era among them, but was largely ignored by the legal community.
Beginning about 1950 revisionist historians argued that the progressive interpretation was factually incorrect; they were led by Charles A. Barker, Philip Crowl, Richard P. McCormick, William Pool, Robert Thomas, John Munroe, Robert E. Brown and B. Kathryn Brown, and especially Forrest McDonald. McDonald in "We The People: The Economic Origins of the Constitution" (1958) argued that Beard had misinterpreted the economic interests involved in writing the Constitution. Instead of two interests, landed and mercantile, which conflicted, McDonald asserted that there were three dozen identifiable interests that forced the delegates to bargain.
Evaluating the debate, historian Peter Novick concluded:
The Progressive interpretation of the era was largely replaced by the intellectual history approach that stressed the power of ideas, especially republicanism in stimulating the Revolution. 

</doc>
<doc id="2918558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918558" title="Throw Down Your Arms">
Throw Down Your Arms

Throw Down Your Arms is Sinéad O'Connor's seventh studio album, and her first reggae album. O'Connor sings cover versions of classic roots reggae songs, with production by Sly and Robbie.
The album was recorded in Kingston, Jamaica at Tuff Gong Studios and Anchor Studios in 2004 and released by Chocolate and Vanilla on 4 October 2005. It sold over 250,000 copies worldwide, with 10 per cent of the profits going to support Rastafari elders in Jamaica.
Track listing.
The original songs were recorded by the following Jamaican reggae artists:
The Japanese version of the CD also includes:

</doc>
<doc id="2918560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918560" title="Brute Force (video game)">
Brute Force (video game)

Brute Force is a video game released for the Xbox by Microsoft in 2003. The game is a squad-based third-person shooter that uses four members of a team which fight in numerous battles. These members in the squad include Flint, a sniper, Brutus, a shock trooper, Tex, a heavy assault trooper, and Hawk, a scout. Each character on the team has their own strengths and weaknesses. The story is of a science-fiction setting where humans spread throughout the galaxy. Tension arises with the threat of a hostile alien race that appears. The squad, "Brute Force", is sent in to confront the enemy. Additionally, each character has their own backstory. "Brute Force" began as a PC game in 2000, but was soon after turned into a first-party title for the Xbox, following the buyout of Digital Anvil by Microsoft.
Plot.
"Brute Force" takes place in the year 2340, when the human race has spread out across the galaxy and settled around 50 star systems, which are collectively known as the "Known Worlds". The major colonies and some alien races are governed by what is known as the Confederation of Allied worlds (usually referred to as the "Confed"). They patrol borders, protect their people, and keep watch on hostile alien races, as well as humans who wish to work for the aliens. 
The game begins with a scene showing a sandstorm and the first character known as Tex fighting off an unknown force when suddenly a dropship he was about to board takes off without him. When he defends himself from what now looks like snakes, they overrun and kill him. His memory chip is re-obtained and cloned. He then gets his mission briefing from his commander on invading a small base on a planet named Estuary, occupied by former mercenary allies known as Red Hand. After he successfully completes his mission, he is sent on another mission on a planet called Ferix where new allies to the Confederation are located, he is told to find the second member of the Brute Force, a Feral alien named Brutus, who is trying to defend himself and his fellow colonists against uprising by exiled feral outcasts. After that situation, Brutus wants to kill his clan leader who is evidently now an Outcast. The next mission has the team recover a briefcase on another planet called Caspian, but the Colonists that control the station have been mutated by exposure to toxic chemicals into Mutants. So the team clear out the zone and find the briefcase. 
They are assigned to find a third member of the team named Hawk, Tex is surprised to find out it's a "She". They find her on a planet called Osiris where natives known as Seers and reach their leader known as Shadoon. They find a spy who tells them information about the Outcast operation on Ferix saying that Shadoon was behind the situation. After guiding the spy, they find out that the Seers are also being helped, by the Fire Hounds. They clear out everything and then return to Estuary where there are still reports of Red Hand on the planet, they intend to find some computers and destroy them to stop the Red Hand from transferring unknown data to someplace, they are however backed up by Mutants, it is however unknown how they got there(likely Estuary's colonists have the same problem as Caspian's). After clearing out the last of the Red Hand on Estuary, they return to Caspian to meet the last member of the team, Flint. They are tasked to track down someone known as Edward Kingman, who was funding the Red Hand. However, they must battle their way through Mutants who have slaughtered the Militia and are now guarding the Outline Perimeter for Kingman's zone. After taking out Kingman, they return to Ferix to locate a crashed Confederation ship which was shot down, then return to Osiris to destroy a spire in which the Seers are using for something unknown. They stop this, however, and then return to Ferix one last time to find that the Seers are on a ship to Ferix. The Confederation manage to shoot it down, but the Outcasts locate the crash site. The Seers and Outcasts team up to defend themselves against the team, meaning that Brute Force have to fight Seers as well as Outcasts. 
On the next mission they are tasked to find a traitorous Confed colonel, named Gunther Ghent, who trained with Hawk's recon unit, only to find out he was selling weapons to the Red Hand. They then head back down to Caspian to take out a Super Mutant in one last encounter with the Mutants. They return to Osiris one last time to finally kill Shadoon, who is guarded by millions of Fire Hounds, Seers, and Psionic Artillery. They find out that a Commset has crashed on a planet called Singe. The Commset is being guarded by Fire Hounds, as well as Red Hand, who are working together to guard the Commset. They are then sent to Caspian to find a Synthetic traitor named Ty Mctavish, who is identical to Flint, the team has one last battle with Kingman's associates before heading out. They are sent to an asteroid named LB-429 where Mctavish was sending unknown data to an unknown contact on the planet, they investigate and find out the asteroid is infested by a race called the Shrikes. They find their leader, a Hunter Lord. The Shrikes are now invading Caspian, then later on, the team returns to Estuary one last time after so many missions not on Estuary. Now occupied by Shrikes, the team is now tasked to find some Alien Technology of unknown origin so the Confed can examine it. Then they return to LB-429 where they find the last of the Shrikes, and plan to finally destroy the Asteroid. They manage to kill the Hunter Lord and get evacuated, while several Confed jets destroy the asteroid. After the end, the team is seen walking into a dazing sunlight on an unknown planet (most likely Estuary), meaning they are finished with their jobs and are free to go.
Gameplay.
Brute Force was developed to be a third-person squad-based shooter. This allows for both open-ended type gameplay and adding a tactical component by playing the characters according to their abilities. Engagements can be handled via stealth, sniper fire, or direct assault. Each of the four playable characters has a special ability for approaching combat in their own way. Tex and Brutus are suited to direct assaults, Hawk is suited to stealth, and Flint is suited to sniping enemies. The player switches between and issues orders to the characters via the D-pad. No online gameplay is offered with Brute Force, however there is cooperative play, where another player may at any time control another character during the campaign. Up to four players are supported this way.
After the mechanics of the squad-based gameplay, AI was perhaps the most important parts of development. This was actually to complement the team-based system, which would allow the enemies to act intelligently and allow your team to support the player and work together as a team. The gameplay has four different command modes to which the AI reacts differently. The characters are also aware of the environment in finding areas for cover and sniping, as well as going to heal themselves.
The single player campaign missions are composed mostly of a series of battles where the player attempts to fight their way to the end. They consist mostly of objectives such as disabling structures, eliminating a target, or collecting an artifact. These missions take place on six different planets with different environments — a desert, a swamp, a volcanic planet, and an alien lair.
The non co-op multiplayer feature consists of choosing one squad (which usually represents different human factions and alien races) and playing different game modes against other players. The different squads are unlocked as you complete the campaign ("i.e." the first squad unlocked are the main characters of the game). Each squad member has a different set of weapons or ability.
Characters.
Main characters.
Tex: The self-proclaimed leader of the squad. Mainly, he is the squad's heavy weapons expert, but handles medium weapons as well. Special ability allows him to dual wield weapons. He is the first character you get.
Brutus: A Feral. He is the squad's Shock Trooper, handling medium weapons. Special ability gives him the Spirit of Vengar, a vision-like mode to help see enemies and also to heal him, and make him kill enemies on contact.
Hawk: A very pretty woman, who listens very well. She is the stealth expert, handling special types of weapons, mostly Pistols. Special ability, as her role implies, makes her invisible. She also has an energy Blade weapon for close quarters.
Flint: A Synthetic Cyborg. She is the Sniper, always having Sniper Rifles in hand with Pistols in holsters. Special Ability gives her auto aim, helping her aim when sniping. Other abilities include zooming in further with sniper rifles than other squad members, and no shaking while zoomed in (steady sight).
Bratton: The Commander of Brute Force, who directs them through missions. Only appears as a hologram before mission briefings.
Other characters.
Private Cogburn: A Confed Marine from V-Squad who aids Tex in the first mission.
Corporal Stout: Another Confed Marine, who is also part of V-Squad and also aids Tex in the first mission.
Sergeant Gonzales: A Confed Marine who only appears in Co-op.
Seer Spy: A Seer Spy, sent to investigate on Osiris. He was captured but rescued by Brute Force.
Oli-Oak: A Feral Shaman Ambassador whom Brute Force rescues in Mission 9.
Enemy Characters.
Red Hand.
Gunther Ghent: A former Confed Colonel, who was selling weapons to the Red Hand. He used to train with Hawk's Reconnaissance unit.
Mutants.
Supermutant: A Caspian Colonist who was mutated with High Toxic Countermeasures, making him glow green. He was the first Colonist to become a Mutant, thus spreading out his radiation on the Caspian and Estuary Colonists.
Seers.
Shadoon: A Seer Overlord, leader of Sword of Shadoon Cult and the cause behind the Outcast Problem on Ferix.
Kingman.
Edward Kingman: A Business man in the galaxy for 40 years, who was funding the Red Hand. The blame went to the various bandits on the planet Caspian.
Ty McTavish: One of Kingman's Associates, who was selling Data to the Shrikes. An early model synthetic that sabotaged the projects, leading to the synthetic massacre.
Shrikes.
Hunter Lord: A large Shrike, Shadoon's master, co-ordinator of the terrorists and responsible for all the trouble in the Galaxy.
Development.
"Brute Force" was developed by Digital Anvil, one of Microsoft's internal developers. The team had previously worked on games such as "Wing Commander", "Strike Commander", and "Starlancer". "Brute Force" was designed to be a first-party game for the Xbox and begun in March 2000, before the console had launched. However development had begun before the takeover of Digital Anvil by Microsoft, and the title was originally meant for PC. Microsoft promptly turned it into an Xbox exclusive title. The core team of developers was composed of 30 people, but counting testers and other outside contributors more than 100 people had worked on the game. Only three months were spent on the concept stage of development, but would spend the next two years on the prototype cycle of development. Numerous influences on the game were cited. During the beginning of the project the developers looked toward "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six" and "Counter-Strike", stating that they wished to reach a level of intensity that fell somewhere between these two games. They also wished to implement a strategic element to the game, which was influenced by "X-Com", where a team-based system was used to overcome obstacles. "Halo" also had an impact on the game, but according to the developers only to a minimal extent, mostly in terms of interface design and combat balancing. Some aspects were admitted to being similar to Halo for the sake of making the game accessible to those who had played Halo before. (The controls are, for example, almost identical.)
Digital Anvil was known as a developer of space combat games, and with "Brute Force" they set out to try something new, specifically a ground-based game. They also wanted to attempt a team-oriented game that would put the player in control of a squad of characters set amidst numerous environments. The game was conceived from these few core ideas. Development should also be looked at in the context of a first-party Xbox game following the enormous success of Halo. For one the game was meant to attract gamers who were fans of Halo, but also sufficiently different enough. Secondly the developers wanted the game to be a showcase of what the Xbox hardware was graphically capable of. However the team did admit that they had no idea what the system was capable of when they first started developing for it.
The game was first officially unveiled in October 2001 at Microsoft's X01, and shown in more detail later at E3 2002 and X02, where according to the developer much of the speculation was that the released media was not actually in-game. Although it was also said that the technology was one of the biggest challenges of development, and had not received final development kits until mid-2001.
"Brute Force" has the distinction of being the last game developed by Digital Anvil, as the studio was closed down officially on January 31, 2006. The staff was integrated in to Microsoft Games Studio in Redmond.
Reception.
There was a great amount of hype for "Brute Force" leading up to its release. The game broke Xbox sales records of both first day and first week sales, beating out even "Halo". However there were quite a few complaints concerning the gameplay, many criticisms stemming from a 2001 video that was included with many of Microsoft's first-party launch titles, in which the four characters complete a mission by using their unique skills in unison to achieve goals. The final game, however, included very few of these instances, instead resorting to a more action-based shoot'em-up where individual traits were unessential to victory but could certainly make a level much easier. This hurt the gameplay, as the entire game was developed to be a tactical shooter. The various characters were also seen as being unbalanced, many noting Hawk to be the least useful on the team, mostly due to her low health (with the notable exception during the optional battle in Ferguson Base.). "GameNOW"s Miguel Lopez expressed disappointment in the game, but called it "a fun, silly shooter that's best enjoyed alongside your whole crew". He ended his review: "If you're bored, go outside. If you're still bored when you get back, then rent "Brute Force"".

</doc>
<doc id="2918562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918562" title="Francis Mason">
Francis Mason

Francis Mason (April 2, 1799 – 3 March 1874), American missionary and a naturalist, was born in York, England. His grandfather, also Francis Mason, was the founder of the Baptist Society in York, and his father, a shoemaker by trade, was a Baptist lay preacher there.
Early life.
After working with his father as a shoemaker for several years, he emigrated in 1818 to the United States, and in Massachusetts was licensed to preach as a Baptist in 1827. In 1830 he was sent by the American Baptist Missionary Union to labor among the Karens in Burma.
Burma.
In Burma, besides conducting a training college for native preachers and teachers at Tavoy, he translated the Bible into the two principal dialects of the Karens, the Sgaw and the Pwo (his translation being published in 1853), and "Matthew", "Genesis", and the "Psalms" into the Bghai dialect. He also published "A Pali Grammar on the Basis of Kachchayano, with Chrestomathy and Vocabulary" (1868). In 1849, he described a new species of pine, "Tenasserim Pine" in the journal of the Asiatic Society. In 1850 he published a book of great value on the fauna and flora of British Burma titled " The natural products of Burmah, or notes on the fauna, flora and minerals of the Tenasserim provinces, and the Burman empire". It was published by the American Mission Press at Moulmein. An improved edition appeared in 1860 under the title "Burmah, its People and Natural Productions", and a third edition (2 vols.) revised and enlarged by William Theobald in 1882-1883.
Personal life.
He was a Freemason and briefly faced exclusion from his missionary work due to certain views held by his wife, one of them being that God's way of speaking to Adam was revealed in the designs of the Burmese women's dresses. He died at Rangoon. See his autobiography, "The Story of a Working Man's Life, with Sketches of Travel in Europe, Asia, Africa and America" (New York, 1870).

</doc>
<doc id="2918563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918563" title="Reversible addition−fragmentation chain-transfer polymerization">
Reversible addition−fragmentation chain-transfer polymerization

Reversible Addition-Fragmentation chain Transfer or RAFT polymerization is one of several kinds of controlled radical polymerization. It makes use of a chain transfer agent in the form of a thiocarbonylthio compound (or similar, from here on referred to as a RAFT agent, see Figure 1) to afford control over the generated molecular weight and polydispersity during a free-radical polymerization. Discovered at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) in 1998, RAFT polymerization is one of several living or Controlled radical polymerization techniques, others being atom transfer radical polymerization (ATRP) and nitroxide-mediated polymerization (NMP). RAFT polymerization uses thiocarbonylthio compounds, such as dithioesters, thiocarbamates, and xanthates, to mediate the polymerization via a reversible chain-transfer process. As with other controlled radical polymerization techniques, RAFT polymerizations can be performed with conditions to favor low polydispersity indices and a pre-chosen molecular weight. RAFT polymerization can be used to design polymers of complex architectures, such as linear block copolymers, comb-like, star, brush polymers and dendrimers.
Overview.
History.
The addition-fragmentation chain transfer process was first reported in the early 1970s. However, the technique was irreversible, so the transfer reagents could not be used to control radical polymerization at this time. For the first few years RAFT was used to help synthesize end-functionalized polymers.
Scientists began to realize the potential of RAFT in controlled radical polymerization in the 1980s. Macromonomers were known as reversible chain transfer agents during this time, but had limited applications on controlled radical polymerization.
In 1995, a key step in the "degenerate" reversible chain transfer step for chain equilibration was brought to attention. The essential feature is that the product of chain transfer is also a chain transfer agent with similar activity to the precursor transfer agent.
RAFT polymerization today is mainly carried out by thiocarbonylthio chain transfer agents. It was first reported by Rizzardo "et al." in 1998. RAFT is one of the most versatile methods of controlled radical polymerization because it is tolerant of a very wide range of functionality in the monomer and solvent, including aqueous solutions. RAFT polymerization has also been effectively carried out over a wide temperature range.
Important Components of RAFT.
Typically, a RAFT polymerization system consists of:
A temperature is chosen such that (a) chain growth occurs at an appropriate rate, (b) the chemical initiator (radical source) delivers radicals at an appropriate rate and (c) the central RAFT equilibrium (see later) favors the active rather than dormant state to an acceptable extent.
RAFT polymerization can be performed by adding a chosen quantity of an appropriate RAFT agent to a conventional free radical polymerization. Usually the same monomers, initiators, solvents and temperatures can be used.
Radical initiators such as Azobisisobutyronitrile(AIBN) and 4,4'-Azobis(4-cyanovaleric acid) (ACVA), also called 4,4'-Azobis(4-cyanopentanoic acid), are widely used as the initiator in RAFT.
Figure 3 provides a visual description of RAFT polymerizations of poly(methyl methacrylate) and polyacrylic acid using AIBN as the initiator and two RAFT agents.
RAFT polymerization is known for its compatibility with a wide range of monomers compared to other controlled radical polymerizations. These monomers include (meth)acrylates, (meth)acrylamides, acrylonitrile, styrene and derivatives, butadiene, vinyl acetate and N-vinylpyrrolidone. The process is also suitable for use under a wide range of reaction parameters such as temperature or the level of impurities, as compared to NMP or ATRP.
The Z and R group of a RAFT agent must be chosen according to a number of considerations. The Z group primarily affects the stability of the S=C bond and the stability of the adduct radical (Polymer-S-C•(Z)-S-Polymer, see section on Mechanism). These in turn affect the position of and rates of the elementary reactions in the pre- and main-equilibrium. The R group must be able to stabilize a radical such that the right hand side of the pre-equilibrium is favored, but unstable enough that it can reinitiate growth of a new polymer chain. As such, a RAFT agent must be designed with consideration of the monomer and temperature, since both these parameters also strongly influence the kinetics and thermodynamics of the RAFT equilibria.
Products.
The desired product of a RAFT polymerization is typically linear polymer with an R-group at one end and a dithiocarbonate moiety at the other end. Figure 4 depicts the major and minor products of a RAFT polymerization. All other products arise from (a) biradical termination events or (b) reactions of chemical species that originate from initiator fragments, denoted by I in the figure. (Note that categories (a) and (b) intersect).
The selectivity towards the desired product can be increased by increasing the concentration of RAFT agent relative to the quantity of free radicals delivered during the polymerization. This can be done either directly (i.e. by increasing the RAFT agent concentration) or by decreasing the rate of decomposition of or concentration of initiator.
RAFT Mechanism.
Kinetics overview.
RAFT is a type of living polymerization involving a conventional radical polymerization which is mediated by a RAFT agent. Monomers must be capable of radical polymerization. There are a number of steps in a RAFT polymerization: initiation, pre-equilbrium, re-initiation, main equilibrium, propagation and termination.
The mechanism is now explained further with the help of Figure 5.
Initiation: The reaction is started by a free-radical source which may be a decomposing radical initiator such as AIBN. In the example in Figure 5, the initiator decomposes to form two fragments (I•) which react with a single monomer molecule to yield a propagating (i.e. growing) polymeric radical of length 1, denoted P1•.
Propagation: Propagating radical chains of length "n" in their active (radical) form, Pn•, add to monomer, M, to form longer propagating radicals, Pn+1•.
RAFT pre-equilibrium: A polymeric radical with n monomer units (Pn) reacts with the RAFT agent to form a RAFT adduct radical. This may undergo a fragmentation reaction in either direction to yield either the starting species or a radical (R•) and a polymeric RAFT agent (S=C(Z)S-Pn). This is a reversible step in which the intermediate RAFT adduct radical is capable of losing either the R group (R•) or the polymeric species (Pn•).
Re-initiation: The leaving group radical (R•) then reacts with another monomer species, starting another active polymer chain.
Main RAFT equilibrium: This is the most important part in the RAFT process, in which, by a process of rapid interchange, the present radicals (and hence opportunities for polymer chain growth) are "shared" among all species that have not yet undergone termination (Pn• and S=C(Z)S-Pn). Ideally the radicals are shared equally, causing chains to have equal opportunities for growth and a narrow PDI.
Termination: Chains in their active form react via a process known as bi-radical termination to form chains that cannot react further, know as dead polymer. Ideally, the RAFT adduct radical is sufficiently hindered such that it does not undergo termination reactions.
Thermodynamics of the Main RAFT equilibrium.
The position of the Main RAFT equilibrium (Figure 5) is affected by the relative stabilities of the RAFT adduct radical (Pn-S-C•(Z)-S-Pm) and its fragmentation products, namely S=C(Z)-Pn and polymeric radical (Pm•). If formation of the RAFT adduct radical is sufficiently thermodynamically favorable, the concentration of active species, Pm•, will be reduced to the extent that a reduction in the rate of conversion of monomer into polymer is also observed, as compared to an equivalent polymerization without RAFT agent. Such a polymerization, is referred to as a rate-retarded RAFT polymerization.
The rate of a RAFT polymerization, that is, the rate of conversion of monomer into polymer, mainly depends on the rate of the Propagation reaction (Figure 5) because the rate of initiation and termination are much higher than the rate of propagation. The rate of propagation is proportional to the concentration, of the active species P•, whereas the rate of the termination reaction, being second order, is proportional to the square [P•2. This means that during rate-retarded RAFT polymerizations, the rate of formation of termination products is suppressed to a greater extent than the rate of chain growth.
In RAFT polymerizations without rate-retardation, the concentration of the active species P• is close to that in an equivalent conventional polymerization in the absence of RAFT agent.
The main RAFT equilibrium and hence the rate retardation of the reaction is influenced by both temperature and chemical factors. A high temperature favors formation of the fragmentation products rather than the adduct radical Pn-S-C•(Z)-S-Pm. RAFT agents with a radical stabilising Z-group such as Phenyl group favor the adduct radical, as do propagating radicals whose monomers lack radical stabilising features, for example Vinyl acetate.
Further mechanistic considerations.
In terms of mechanism, an ideal RAFT polymerization has several features. The pre-equilibrium and re-initiation steps are completed very early in the polymerization meaning that the major product of the reaction (the RAFT polymer chains, RAFT-Pn), all start growing at approximately the same time. The forwards and reverse reactions of the main RAFT equilibrium are fast, favoring equal growth opportunities amongst the chains. The total number of radicals delivered to the system by the initiator during the course of the polymerization is low compared to the number of RAFT agent molecules, meaning that the R group initiated polymer chains from the Re-initiation step form the majority of the chains in the system, rather than initiator fragment bearing chains formed in the Initiation step. This is important because initiator decomposes continuously during the polymerization, not just at the start, and polymer chains arising from initiator decomposition cannot, therefore, have a narrow length distribution. These mechanistic features lead to an average chain length that increases linearly with the conversion of monomer into polymer.
In contrast to other controlled radical polymerizations (for example ATRP), a RAFT polymerization does not achieve controlled evolution of molecular weight and low polydispersity by reducing bi-radical termination events (although in some systems, these events may indeed be reduced somewhat, as outlined above), but rather, by ensuring that most polymer chains start growing at approximately the same time and experience equal growth during polymerization.
Applications.
RAFT polymerization has successfully synthesized a wide range of polymers with controlled molecular weight and low polydispersities (between 1.05 and 1.4 for many monomers).
RAFT polymerization is known for its compatibility with a wide range of monomers as compared to other controlled radical polymerizations. Some monomers capable of polymerizing by RAFT include styrenes, acrylates, acrylamides, and many vinyl monomers. Additionally, the RAFT process allows the synthesis of polymers with specific macromolecular architectures such as block, gradient, statistical, comb, brush, star, hyperbranched, and network copolymers. These properties make RAFT useful in many types of polymer synthesis.
Block Copolymers.
As with other living radical polymerization techniques, RAFT allows chain extension of a polymer of one monomer with a second type of polymer to yield a block copolymer. In such a polymerisation, there is the additional challenge that the RAFT agent for the first monomer must also be suitable for the second monomer, making block copolymerisation of monomers of highly disparate character challenging.
Multiblock copolymers have also been reported by using difunctional R groups or symmetrical trithiocarbonates with difunctional Z groups.
Star, brush and comb polymers.
Using a compound with multiple dithio moieties (often termed a multifunctional RAFT agent) can result in the formation of star, brush and comb polymers. Taking star polymers as an example, RAFT differs from other forms of living radical polymerization techniques in that either the R- or Z-group may form the core of the star (See Figure 7). While utilizing the R-group as the core results in similar structures found using ATRP or NMP, the ability to use the Z-group as the core makes RAFT unique. When the Z-group is used, the reactive polymeric arms are detached from the star's core during growth and to undergo chain transfer, must once again react at the core.
Smart Materials and Biological Applications.
Due to its flexibility with respect to the choice of monomers and reaction conditions, the RAFT process competes favorably with other forms of living polymerization for the generation of bio-materials. New types of polymers are able to be constructed with unique properties, such as temperature and pH sensitivity.
Specific materials and their applications include polymer-protein and polymer-drug conjugates, mediation of enzyme activity, molecular recognition processes and polymeric micelles which can deliver a drug to a specific site in the body.
RAFT has also been used to graft polymer chains onto polymeric surfaces, for example, polymeric microspheres.
RAFT compared to other controlled polymerizations.
Advantages.
Polymerization can be performed in large range of solvents (including water), within a wide temperature range, is suitable for use with many different monomers and does not require highly rigorous removal of oxygen and other impurities. As of 2014, the range of commercially available RAFT agents covers close to all the monomer classes that can undergo radical polymerization.
Disadvantages.
A particular RAFT agent is only suitable for a limited set of monomers and the synthesis of a RAFT agent typically requires a multistep synthetic procedure and subsequent purification. RAFT agents can be unstable over long time periods, are highly colored and can have a pungent odor due to gradual decomposition of the dithioester moiety to yield small sulfur compounds. The presence of sulfur and color in the resulting polymer may also be undesirable for some applications; however, this can, to an extent, be eliminated with further chemical and physical purification steps.

</doc>
<doc id="2918570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918570" title="Lists of Indigenous Australians">
Lists of Indigenous Australians

Lists of Indigenous Australians by occupation and/or historical contribution:

</doc>
<doc id="2918585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918585" title="Uncommon Valor">
Uncommon Valor

Uncommon Valor is a 1983 action/war film written by Joe Gayton and directed by Ted Kotcheff, about a Marine officer who puts together a team to try to rescue his son, who he believes is among those still held in Laos after the Vietnam War. The film stars Gene Hackman, Fred Ward, Reb Brown, Robert Stack, Michael Dudikoff, and in an early screen appearance, Patrick Swayze.
Plot summary.
Taking place in the early 1980s and set in the context of the Vietnam War POW/MIA issue, retired Marine Colonel Jason Rhodes (Gene Hackman) is obsessed with finding his son Frank, listed as "Missing In Action" since 1972. After ten years of searching Southeast Asia and turning up several leads, Rhodes believes that Frank is still alive and being kept in Laos as a prisoner of war. 
After petitioning the United States government for help, but receiving none, Colonel Rhodes brings together a disparate group of Vietnam War veterans, including some who were a part of Frank's platoon: Wilkes (Fred Ward), a "tunnel rat" who suffers from PTSD; "Blaster," a demolitions expert (Reb Brown); and "Sailor," a mental case with a heart of gold (Randall "Tex" Cobb). Additionally, two helicopter pilots, Distinguished Flying Cross recipient Johnson (Harold Sylvester) and Charts (Tim Thomerson) join the group. Former Force Recon Marine Kevin Scott (Patrick Swayze) joins the team and later turns out to be the son of a pilot who was shot down in Vietnam and listed as "MIA."
With the financial backing of rich oil businessman McGregor (whose son served in Frank's platoon and is also listed among the missing) (Robert Stack), the men train near Galveston, Texas before embarking on their trip to the Laos camp in an attempt to bring back the POWs. However, the CIA, fearing an international crisis from Rhodes' actions, intercepts him in Bangkok and confiscates his weapons and equipment. Still determined to rescue their comrades, the team members put together their expense money given to them by McGregor, and Rhodes contacts an acquaintance of his, deposed local drug baron Jiang (Kwan Hi Lim), who joins the expedition with his two daughters Lai Fun (Alice Lau Nga Lai) and Mai Lin (Debi Parker) and manages to supply them with outdated but capable World War II weapons. In the course of the expedition Charts gradually forms a relationship with Lai Fun.
Near the Laotian border, the group is attacked by a border patrol and Mai Lin is killed. Later the group divides: Rhodes leads Charts, Sailor, Johnson and Lai Fun to a helicopter compound to secure escape transportation, while the rest of the team scouts out the prison camp. They find four Americans among the prisoners but are unable to ascertain Frank's presence among them.
The teams spend the night with preparations, and the next morning they commence the attack. In a heated battle they manage to spring the prisoners, among them McGregor's son, but Frank is not among them and Blaster, Sailor and Jiang are killed in the process. From McGregor, Rhodes has to learn that his son went sick soon after his capture and died, despite McGregor's best efforts. The returners are joyously welcomed by their families, and Rhodes finds that in learning the fate of his son he has gained some closure for himself and his wife.
Production.
The helicopters used in the film were purchased (as opposed to rented) and repainted, since the United States Department of Defense was unwilling to rent the production military-spec Huey or Jet Ranger helicopters due to the perceived anti-government nature of the film. The Laotian POW camp was built in the Lumahai Valley on the island of Kauai, with scenes filmed in early August 1983.
Reception.
Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert of "This Week at the Movies: The Movie Review Program" both gave the film a thumbs down.

</doc>
<doc id="2918599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918599" title="Gary Stochl">
Gary Stochl

Gary Stochl (born 1947) is a street photographer who lives in Stickney, Illinois, just outside the city of Chicago. 
He spent 40 years of his life taking pictures of people on the streets of Chicago without showing them to anyone. In the Spring of 2004, he finally decided that it was time to show his pictures to the world, so he went to the Photography Department at Columbia College Chicago and met Bob Thall, the Chair of the Photography Department. Bob was told by his secretary that someone wanted to show him some pictures. Thall reluctantly agreed and tried to get the meeting over with as soon as possible, but after seeing 10-15 of Gary's pictures he realized that this was a photographer of unusual merit. Bob later helped Gary to publish his pictures in the book "On City Streets: Chicago 1964-2004".
History.
Gary saw the pictures of Henri Cartier-Bresson in the late 1960s and was inspired by them. He bought a Leica and started taking pictures, his only formal education in photography being a course in high school. Later he also saw the works of Robert Frank and was inspired by his works as well. He has used the same camera, a Leica M3 since 1968. He has been taking pictures since he was 17 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2918600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918600" title="Gustav Humbert">
Gustav Humbert

Dr. Gustav Humbert (born February 1950 in Celle, Germany) is the former Chief Executive Officer and President of Airbus SAS, and a former member of the EADS Executive Committee.
Airbus.
Humbert joined Airbus management in July 2000, as the Chief Operating Officer and a member of the EADS' (Airbus' Parent Company) Executive Committee, and in March 2004 he was appointed Airbus’ Executive Vice-President - Programmes. Source
In June 2005 he was appointed Airbus President and Chief Executive Officer, a position he held until July 2, 2006, when he resigned from these various positions as a result of further delays on the Airbus A380 production line and other delivery program setbacks, announced the previous month, on June 14.
Resignation.
While announcing his resignation, Humbert said the delays were a "major disappointment" for Airbus, and "as President and CEO of Airbus, must take responsibility for this setback and ... offer my resignation to our shareholders."
Resignation Announcement
Personal.
Dr. Humbert holds a degree in mechanical engineering from the Hannover Technical University as well as a PhD in engineering from the University of Hanover [http://www.airbus.com/en/corporate/people/Humbert_bio.html], and was even a visiting professor of mechanical engineering at McGill University in Montreal in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2918603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918603" title="Edward Payson">
Edward Payson

Edward Payson (25 July 1783 – 22 October 1827) was an American Congregational preacher. He was born on 25 July 1783 at Rindge, New Hampshire, where his father, Seth Payson (1758-1820), was pastor of the Congregational Church. His uncle, Phillips Payson (1736-1801), pastor of a church in Chelsea, Massachusetts, was a physicist and astronomer. Edward Payson graduated at Harvard in 1803, was then principal of a school at Portland, Maine, and in 1807 became junior pastor of the Congregational Church at Portland, where he remained, after 1811, as senior pastor, until his death on 22 October 1827. Archibald Alexander suggested in 1844 that that "no man in our country has left behind him a higher character for eminent piety than the Rev. Edward Payson."
The most complete collection of his sermons, with a memoir by Asa Cummings originally published in 1828, is the "Memoir, Select Thoughts and Sermons of the late Rev. Edward Payson" (3 vols., Portland, 1846; Philadelphia, 1859). Based on this is the volume, "Mementos of Edward Payson" (New York, 1873), by the Rev. E. L. Janes of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Edward was the father of Elizabeth Prentiss.

</doc>
<doc id="2918606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918606" title="Withybrook">
Withybrook

Withybrook is a rural village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. According to the 2001 census its population was 232.
The village is located in a valley just west of the old Fosse Way, about halfway between Nuneaton and Rugby on the B4112 road. Administratively it forms part of the borough of Rugby; before 1974 it was part of the now-defunct Rugby Rural District. It achieved national prominence when, on 20 August 2005, a local farmer was murdered by car thieves.
The village church, "All Saints' Church", dates from the medieval period. It was extensively restored in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2918614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918614" title="Alaska Star">
Alaska Star

The Alaska Star is a weekly newspaper in the Municipality of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska. The "Alaska Star" serves communities north of Anchorage proper (known as "the Anchorage Bowl"), including Eagle River, Chugiak and Eklutna. Since 2011, it has been named the "Chugiak-Eagle River Star".

</doc>
<doc id="2918617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918617" title="The Prince of Pennsylvania">
The Prince of Pennsylvania

The Prince of Pennsylvania is a 1988 comedic drama starring Keanu Reeves, Bonnie Bedelia, Amy Madigan, and Fred Ward. The Academy Award–nominated composer Thomas Newman wrote the music. It was filmed in and around Pittsburgh.
Plot.
Rupert Marshetta and his accomplice and lover Carla kidnap Rupert's father to gain access to family money, but nobody in the family wants his father back. They find out that his father has already sold the land without the knowledge of his family. The police arrest Pam, but they cannot find Rupert and his father. He takes his father to the mine, where police find them before he fits an explosive device to break open the portable toilet where he thinks his father has hidden the money. Everybody escapes the explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="2918651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918651" title="Reichsluftschutzbund">
Reichsluftschutzbund

The Reichsluftschutzbund (State Air Protection Corps) was a paramilitary organization of Nazi Germany founded in the 1933 as a branch of the German Aviation Ministry. The group's first function was to serve as Air Defense Crews during a period when Germany was forbidden an Air Force by the Treaty of Versailles. The Reichsluftschutzbund maintained a system of paramilitary ranks similar to that of the Nazi "Sturmabteilung" (SA).
In 1935, the Reichluftschutzbund was placed under the authority of the Luftwaffe and performed mainly non-combat support roles such as ground crew training and search and rescue. The group remained relatively small and, as a paramiliary organization, was overshadowed heavily by the National Socialist Flyers Corps.
During World War II, the Reichluftschutzbund performed in air defense support manning anti-aircraft emplacements in Germany's major cities. In 1945, the Reichluftschutzbund ceased to exist with the fall of Nazism. The Reichluftschutzbund, however, was not condemned as a criminal organization since the group was technically a branch of the Air Ministry and not a paramilitary group of the Nazi Party proper.

</doc>
<doc id="2918673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918673" title="Cast a Deadly Spell">
Cast a Deadly Spell

Cast a Deadly Spell (1991) is a horror/detective HBO movie with Fred Ward, Julianne Moore, David Warner and Clancy Brown. It was directed by Martin Campbell and written by Joseph Dougherty. The original music score was composed by Curt Sobel.
Plot.
Ward stars as 1940s hardboiled private detective H. Philip Lovecraft, in a fictional universe where magic is real, monsters and mythical beasts stalk the back alleys, zombies are used as cheap labor, and everyone—except Lovecraft—uses magic every day. Yet, cars, telephones and other modern technology also exist in this world.
H.P. Lovecraft influence.
The movie is very much an homage to the works of H. P. Lovecraft. Though not based on any one particular story by Lovecraft, the film features many Lovecraftian tropes, and can be considered to take place against the unified backdrop which has come to be known as the Cthulhu Mythos. The nightclub is called Harry Bordon's Dunwich Room. Frequent references are made to the Necronomicon, the Great Old Ones, Cthulhu and Yog Sothoth throughout the film.
While the film clearly does not take place in Lovecraft's world, it does reference Lovecraft extensively (including the name of the main character), though there are many obvious differences. The most obvious difference is that in "Cast a Deadly Spell", magic is omnipresent – everybody uses it. In Lovecraft's stories magic is almost unknown, except to a select few.
Sequel.
HBO produced a quasi-sequel, "Witch Hunt". "Witch Hunt" takes place in the 1950s during the red scare, in which magic is substituted for communism. Dennis Hopper played Lovecraft in place of Fred Ward. Additionally, many characters have different background stories than in "Cast a Deadly Spell". For example, Lovecraft refuses to use magic in "Cast a Deadly Spell" on principle, and because of a bad experience in "Witch Hunt".

</doc>
<doc id="2918674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918674" title="Megalograptus">
Megalograptus

Megalograptus (Greek for "big writing") is a Ordovician eurypterid (sea scorpion), and was among the earliest known genera (and was a member of the family Megalograptidae). The generic name is derived from the fact that its first fossils were of its very spiny legs, which were mistaken for massive graptolites. It lived from 460 to 445 mya. "Megalograptus" preyed on fish, trilobites, other sea scorpions, and smaller orthocones, using the spines on their claws to feel for their prey hiding in the sand and mud. Adult "Cameroceras", along with the bigger sea scorpion species, preyed on it. "Megalograptus" did not have a stinger, but may have curled its tail and sword-like telson forward as a threat pose, much like a scorpion.
Description.
Megalograptids were characterized by large exoskeletons with ovate to triangular scales. The prosoma (head) was subquadrate, with a tongue-like anterior process bearing marginal spines, and compound eyes on the top front of the head. The chelicerae (claws in front of the mouth) were small and short. The first and third pairs of walking legs were short, with diverging or closely spaced spines. The second pair of walking legs was enormously developed, with long paired spines. The fourth pair of walking legs was nearly spineless. The preabdomen, the front portion of the body, was narrow with axial furrows, while the postabdomen was moderately narrow with broad, flat and curved appendages on the last body segment. The telson was short and lanceolate.
"Megalograptus" is distinguishable from other members of the family by the third walking legs, which are characterized by short diverging spines.
Popular culture.
"Megalograptus" was featured in the Ordovician (the "seventh deadliest sea") episode of the BBC's series, where they were imagined to have behaved similarly to horseshoe crabs, coming to shore to mate, lay eggs in the surf and sand, and minimize the risk of being attacked during a moult. They also appeared as eurypterids in the first episode of Animal Armageddon, as among the animal survivors of the first mass extinction on Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2918677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918677" title="Jelle Taeke de Boer">
Jelle Taeke de Boer

Jelle Taeke de Boer (February 26, 1908 – October 7, 1970) was a Dutch art collector born in Meppel, Drenthe. He grew up in a poor family, with his mother dying when he was four years old, and his father an alcoholic.
During the depression of the 1930s, Jelle was having trouble raising a family, yet found motivation in Vincent van Gogh as a role model. He eventually became nearly obsessed with him, collecting literature and eventually anything attributed to him. His mission in life was to find the nearly 800 pieces that could be traced back to Van Gogh. He quickly became an expert on the subject of the painter.
Authenticity.
During their lives, famous impressionists like Vincent van Gogh, Manet, Monet and Cézanne, were ostracized and many times had to trade their artworks for some food or a night’s lodging. In this way many pieces have seemed to be lost forever. In the case of Van Gogh, perhaps even hundreds.
By 1960 Jelle de Boer accumulated nearly 400 works, 100 of which he attributed to Van Gogh. A close friend recommended that he open his gallery to the public. On June 11, 1966, he opened the doors to what he called the "Galerie d'Art" in Amsterdam. Visitors had to buy the catalogue, with illustrations of 57 exhibits.
From that exposition JD Fogarty, an American lawyer, bought four paintings which were proven to be authentic master pieces. “The Bacchanale” from Puvis de Chavannes, “Dans le Foret” from Monticelli, “L’Homme a Table” from Toulouse-Lautrec and finally the top piece, the “Infanta Margarita” from Manet. Mr. Fogarty has since spent 35 years to have these examined and authenticated as the priceless copy made by Édouard Manet. In December 2003, the international acknowledgement of the Infanta painting was again substantiated by an article in the Journal of the American Institute for Art Restoration and Preservation.
Swiss confiscation.
In July 1967, Jelle de Boer showed 200 of his best works in the Hofgalerie in Lucerne, Switzerland. The Swiss art establishment filed a complaint on suspicion of fraud. After several weeks of headlines and television reports, the police decided to confiscate the entire collection. Hofgalerie's owner Anton Achermann was arrested and put in jail – in solitary confinement. All works were removed in order to be destroyed as fakes. Jelle de Boer was never allowed to see his collection again and he died of a heart attack in 1970, 62 years of age. Anton Achermann’s business and his name had been ruined by his confinement, and he decided to spend the rest of his life fighting against injustice. Achermann succeeded in releasing approximately 180 works. 21 works were to remain in the Palace of Justice till June 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2918678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918678" title="Police services of the Empire of Japan">
Police services of the Empire of Japan

The of the Empire of Japan, comprised numerous police services, in many cases with overlapping jurisdictions.
History and background.
During the Tokugawa bakufu (1603–1867), police functions were based on a combination of appointed town magistrates of "samurai" status, who served simultaneously as chiefs of police, prosecutors and judges. The magistrates were assisted by a professional police force with "samurai" status officers, and deputized "jittemochi" commoners with powers of arrest. The citizenry was organized into "gonin-gumi" (Five-family associations), the forerunner of the "tonarigumi," whose members were collectively responsible for the actions and activities of any one of their members. The official formula used in feudal times to inform a subject that he had been placed under arrest was to simply shout ""Go yo!"" – the expression was also used to mean "Official business!" or "Clear the way!".
As part of the modernization of Japan after the Meiji Restoration, the new Meiji government sent Kawaji Toshiyoshi on a tour of Europe in 1872 to study various law enforcement systems. He returned impressed with the structure and techniques of the police forces of France's Third Republic and of Prussia as models for the new Japanese police system. With the establishment of the Home Ministry in 1873, his recommendations were implemented, and civilian police powers were centralized at the national level, although implementation was delegated to the prefectural level.
Under the Home Ministry, the "Keihōkyoku" (Police Bureau) also had quasi-judicial functions, including the power to issue ordinances, regulate business licenses, construction permits, industrial safety and public health issues, in addition to its criminal investigation and public order functions. The centralized police system steadily acquired responsibilities, until it controlled almost all aspects of daily life, including fire prevention and mediation of labor disputes.
During the Satsuma Rebellion of 1877, the lack of an organized, trained standing army forced the central government to use units from the police bureau as militia to suppress the uprising.
After 1911, a separate department, the Special Higher Police ("Tokko"), was established specifically to deal with political crimes. The "Tokko" investigated and suppressed potentially subversive ideologies, ranging from anarchism, communism, socialism, and the growing foreign population within Japan, but its scope gradually increased to include religious groups, pacifists, student activists, liberals, and ultra-rightists. The "Tokko" also regulated the content of motion pictures, political meetings, and election campaigns. The "Tokko" also had a counter-espionage function similar to MI5 in Great Britain.
The military fell under the jurisdiction of the "Kempeitai" for the Imperial Japanese Army and the "Tokeitai" for the Imperial Japanese Navy, although both organizations had overlapping jurisdiction over the civilian population.
After the Manchurian Incident of 1931, military police assumed greater authority, leading to friction with their civilian counterparts. After the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, police regulated industry and commerce to maximize the war effort and to prevent speculation and hoarding, mobilized labor, and controlled transportation.
Civil police services were also set up overseas (in Korea, Kwantung Leased Territory, Taiwan, Karafuto, some extraterritorial Japanese dependencies in Shanghai, Peking and Tientsin before the war on the Chinese mainland). Later, from the 1930s period to the Pacific War, other similar but "native" civil police services operated in Manchukuo, Mengjiang and the Nanking Nationalist Government. The police and security services in South Pacific Mandate and occupied Pacific areas were the charge of the "Tokeitai".
The Tokyo metropolitan area came under the jurisdiction of the Teikoku Keishichō (帝國警視廳) or Keishichō, which was personally headed by Kawaji from 1874, and from which he could direct the organization of the national police system.
The vague wording of the Peace Preservation Laws gave all police organizations wide scope for interpretation of what constituted "criminal activity", and under the guise of "maintenance of order", the police were allowed broad powers for surveillance and arrest. Lack of accountability and a tradition of 'guilty until proven innocent' led to many of the brutalities carried out by the police forces. In rural areas especially, the police had great authority and were accorded the same mixture of fear and respect as the village head. The increasing involvement of the police in political affairs was one of the foundations of the authoritarian state in Japan in the first half of the twentieth century.
After Japan's surrender in 1945, the American occupation authorities retained the prewar police structure until a new system was implemented and the Diet of Japan passed the 1947 Police Law creating the new National Police Agency (Japan).

</doc>
<doc id="2918680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918680" title="Robert Pont">
Robert Pont

Robert Pont (or Kylpont) (1524–1606), Scottish reformer, was educated at St. Andrews. In 1562 he was appointed minister at Dunblane and then at Dunkeld; in 1563, Commissioner for Moray, Inverness and Banff. Then in succession he became minister of Birnie (1567), provost of Trinity College near Edinburgh (1571), a lord of session (1572), minister of St. Cuthbert's, Edinburgh (1573) and at St. Andrews (1581).
Pont was a strenuous champion of ecclesiastical independence, and for protesting against parliamentary interference in church government he was obliged to leave his country. From 1584 to 1586 he was in England, but returning north he resumed his prominence in church matters and kept it until his death in 1606.
Early life.
Born at or near Culross, Perthshire, he was the son of John Pont of Shyresmill and Catherine Murray. He received his early education in the school of Culross, and in 1543 was incorporated in the college of St. Leonards in the university of St. Andrews. On completing the course of philosophy there he is said to have studied law at a foreign university; nothing, however, is definitely known of his career until 1559, when he was settled at St. Andrews, and acted as an elder of the kirk session there.
Reformer.
As a commissioner from St. Andrews Pont was present at a meeting of the first general assembly of the reformers at Edinburgh on 20 December 1560, and he was one of twenty within the bounds of St. Andrews declared by the assembly to be qualified for ministry and teaching. He was chosen one of a committee to revise the "Book of Discipline", printed in 1561. At a meeting of the general assembly in July 1562 Pont was appointed to minister the word and sacraments at Dunblane, and in December of the same year he was appointed minister of Dunkeld. He was also the same year nominated, along with Alexander Gordon, as bishop of Galloway; but the election was not proceeded with.
On 26 June 1563 Pont was appointed commissioner of the northern coastal areas Moray, Inverness, and Banff. After visiting, he confessed his inability, on account of his ignorance of Gaelic, to carry out his duties; but on the understanding that he was not to be in charge of Gaelic-speaking churches, he accepted a renewal. To the general assembly in 1564, and printed in 1565, Pont contributed six metrical psalms; and at a meeting of the general assembly in December 1566 his translation of the Helvetic Confession was ordered to be printed.
On 13 January 1567 he was presented to the parsonage and vicarage of Birnie, Banffshire. By the assembly which met in December 1567 he was commissioned to execute sentence of excommunication against Adam Bothwell, bishop of Orkney, for performing the marriage ceremony between the Earl of Bothwell and Mary Queen of Scots; by that in July 1568 he was appointed one of a committee to revise the "Treatise of Excommunication" originally penned by John Knox; and by that in 1569 he was named one of a committee to proceed against the Earl of Huntly for his adherence to popery.
By the 1569 assembly a petition was presented to the regent James Stewart, 1st Earl of Moray and council that Pont might be appointed where his labours might be more fruitful than in Moray; and in July 1570 he also asked the assembly to be relieveed of his commission, but was requested to continue until the next assembly. At the assembly of July 1570 he acted as moderator. On 27 June 1571 he was appointed provost of Trinity College, near Edinburgh. He attended the convention which met at Leith in January 1571–2, and by this convention he was permitted to accept the office of lord of session, given to him by the regent John Erskine, 1st Earl of Mar on account of his legal knowledge of the laws.
Pont was, along with John Wynram, commissioned by Knox to communicate his last wishes to the general assembly which met at Perth in 1572. In 1573 he received a pension out of the thirds of the diocese of Moray. At the assembly which met in August of this year he was delated for non-residence in Moray;’ and at the assembly held in March 1574 he demitted his office in favour of George Douglas. The same year he was translated to the second charge of St. Cuthbert's, Edinburgh; and in 1578 to the first charge of the same parish.
Leader in the Kirk.
Pont was chosen moderator of the general assembly which met in August 1575; and from this time he occupied a prominent position in the assembly. He was a member of nearly all its major committees and commissions.
Pont was one of those who, after the fall of the regent James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton in 1578, accompanied the English ambassador to Stirling to arrange an agreement between the faction of Morton and the faction of Atholl and Argyll; and he was also one of those who, nominally at the request of the king James VI, convened in Stirling Castle, on 22 December 1578, for the preparation of articles of a "Book of Policy", later known as the "Second Book of Discipline". He again acted as moderator at the assembly of 1581. After October of the same year he, on invitation, became minister at St. Andrews; but for want of stipend he was in 1583 relieved of this charge, and returned to that of St. Cuthbert's, Edinburgh. He took a prominent part in the proceedings in 1582 against Robert Montgomerie in regard to his appointment to the bishopric of Glasgow; and at a meeting of the privy council on 12 April he protested in the name of the presbyteries of Edinburgh, Stirling, and Dalkeith that the cause was within the jurisdiction of the kirk.
In 1583 Pont was appointed one of a commission for collecting the acts of the assembly; and the same year was directed, along with David Lindsay and John Davidson, to admonish the king to beware of innovations in religion. At the general assembly held at Edinburgh in October of the same year he again acted as moderator. When the acts of parliament regarding the jurisdiction of the kirk were proclaimed at the market cross of Edinburgh on 25 May 1584, Pont, along with Walter Balcanqual, made a public protest. For this he was on the 27th deprived of his seat on the bench; and immediately he took refuge in England. On 7 November he was summoned by the privy council to appear before it on 7 December, and give reasons for not subscribing the "obligation of ecclesiastical conformity"; shortly before this he had returned to Scotland, and had been put in ward, but not long afterwards he received his liberty.
In May 1586 Pont again acted as moderator of the general assembly. In 1587 he was appointed by the king to the bishopric of Caithness; but, on his referring the matter to the general assembly, it refused to ratify the appointment, on the ground that the office was "not agreeable to the word of God". The same year he was appointed by the assembly one of a committee for collecting the various acts of parliament against papists, with a view to their confirmation on the king's coming of age; and in 1588 he was appointed one of a committee to confer with six of the king's council regarding the best methods of suppressing Catholicism and extending the influence of the kirk; and also one of a commission to visit the northern parts, from the River Dee to the diocese of Caithness inclusive, with a view to the institution of proceedings against Catholics, the planting of kirks with qualified ministers, and the deposition of all ministers who were unqualified, whether in life or doctrine.
Last years.
On 15 October 1589 Pont was appointed by the king one of a commission to try beneficed persons. He was one of those sent by the presbytery of Edinburgh to hold a conference with the king at the Tolbooth on 8 June 1591 regarding the king's objections to reproofs from the pulpit; and replied to the king's claim of sovereign judgment in all things by affirming that there was a judgment above his—namely "God's—put in the hand of the ministry". On 8 December he was deputed, along with other two ministers, to go to Holyrood Palace, when they urged the king to have the Scriptures read at dinner and supper. At the meeting of the assembly at Edinburgh on 21 May 1592 he was appointed one of a committee to work on articles with reference to popery and the authority.
When the Act of Abolition granting pardon to the Earls of Huntly, Angus, Erroll, and other Catholics on certain conditions was on 26 November 1593 communicated by the king to the ministers of Edinburgh, Pont proposed that it should be disannulled rather than revised. He again acted as moderator of the assembly which met in March 1596. On 16 May 1597 he was appointed one of a commission to converse with the king; and he was also a member of the renewed commission in the following year. At the general assembly which met in March 1597–8 he was one of the main supporters of the proposal of the king that the ministry, as the third estate of the realm, should have a vote in parliament.
By the assembly which met at Burntisland on 12 May 1601 Pont was appointed to revise the translation of the Psalms in metre. On 15 November of the following year he was relieved of "ordinary teaching". He died on 8 May 1606, in his eighty-second year, and was buried in the churchyard of St. Cuthbert's, Edinburgh. He had had a tombstone prepared for himself, but this was removed and another set up by his widow, which remained by a privy council decision.
Robert Wodrow stateD that Pont had a "discovery" of Queen Elizabeth's death the same day she died, which he told to James VI. It was attributed either to a revelation or to Pont's knowledge of astrology.
Works.
Some of Pont's prominent works were: the metrical psalms (1565); his translation of the Helvetic Confession (1566); his contributions to the "Second Book of Discipline"; his calendar and preface to Thomas Bassandyne's edition of the "English Bible" (1579); his commendatory verses to "Archbishop Adamson's Catechism" (1581) and to the "Schediasmata" of Sir Hadrian Damman (i.e. Adrian van Damman) (1590); and his lines on Robert Rollock. He wrote the "Animadversions of Offences conceaved upon the Acts of Parliament made in the Yeare 1584 in the Moneth of May, presented by the Commissioners of the Kirk to the King's Majesty at the Parliament of Linlithgow in December 1585". Pont was also the author of:
David Buchanan mentions also manuscripts not now known to be extant.
Family.
Pont was three times married. By his first wife, Catherine, daughter of Masterton of Grange, he had two sons and two daughters: Timothy; Zachary, minister of Bower in Caithness, who married Margaret, daughter of John Knox; Catherine; and Helen, married to Adam Blackadder of Blairhall, grandfather of Rev. John Blackadder. By his second wife, Sarah Denholme, he had a daughter Beatrix, married to Charles Lumsden, minister of Duddingston. By his third wife, Margaret Smith, he had three sons: James, Robert, and Jonathan.
His elder son Timothy Pont (1565?-1614?) was a mathematician, surveyor, and "the first projector of a Scottish atlas."

</doc>
<doc id="2918682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918682" title="Bak So-ra">
Bak So-ra

Bak So-ra (Hangul:박소라) is a South Korean voice actor.
She joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2918695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918695" title="List of districts of Nepal">
List of districts of Nepal

Nepal's five development regions are subdivided into 14 administrative zones (Nepali: अञ्चल; "anchal") and then 75 districts (Nepali: जिल्ला; "jillā"). These districts are listed below, by region and zone. District headquarters are in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="2918703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918703" title="Sea Monsters (TV series)">
Sea Monsters (TV series)

Sea Monsters is a 2003 BBC television trilogy which used computer-generated imagery to show past life in Earth's seas. In the U.S. it was known as Chased by Sea Monsters. It was made by Impossible Pictures, the creators of "Walking with Dinosaurs", "Walking with Beasts" and "Walking with Monsters". In the series, the British wildlife presenter Nigel Marven is shown travelling to seven past seas in the history of the Earth and scuba diving there, in order of dangerousness with the most dangerous last. He travels in a white sailboat or motorboat roughly 24 m (80 ft) long named 'The Ancient Mariner'. His time-travelling device is not mentioned or shown, and the closest thing to it is his time map, showing the timeline of the seven deadliest seas and the creatures that lived at the time. He uses a scuba set with a fullface mask so he can talk underwater to produce the commentary. He performs some dives using a strong shark cage, which is spherical to make it harder for large sea creatures to bite it.
Video Release.
"Sea Monsters" has never been released on DVD in the UK, but featured on the American "Chased by Dinosaurs" DVD and a similar Region 2 Dutch DVD. It is also available on Netflix in the UK.
Episodes.
As originally broadcast, the first episode had three segments and the second and third two each.

</doc>
<doc id="2918713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918713" title="Achham District">
Achham District

Achham District (), a part of Seti Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Mangalsen as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,692 km² and has a population (2011) of 257,477. It is one of the remotest districts of Nepal. It is accessible by automobile from Kathmandu and Nepalgunj via a paved road that runs along the western border of Nepal from Dhangadhi. 
Mangalsen, the district headquarters, is eight hours walk from Sanphebagar - a town in Achham sporting a non-functional domestic airport. A seasonal road exists from Sanphebagar to Mangalsen but is often closed during monsoon season. A bridge crosses the Budhi Ganga river in Sanphebagar allowing access during high water, a second bridge over the second river crossing is also under construction. During 2009/2010, the government of Nepal will be constructing a paved road connecting Sanphebagar to Mangalsen. The district is served by two hospitals, the government district hospital in Mangalsen and one recently opened in Bayalpata that is a collaboration between the government and the non-profit organization Nyaya Health. 
The district has the highest rate of HIV cases in Nepal, which they name "Mumbai disease". One single village was found to have 72 positive cases in 2013.
Towns and villages.
Babala Bangabata Bannatoli Baradadivi Basti Batulasen Baujinath Bayala Bhagyaswor Bhairavsthan Bhatakatiya Bhuli Binayak Bindhyawasini Birpath Budhakot Chalsa Chandika Chapamandau Chhatara Darna Devisthan Dhakari Dhaku Dhamali Dharaki Dhodasain Dhudharukot Dhungachalna Dumi GajaraGhodasenHatikot Hichma Jalapadevi Janalikot Kalagaun Kalekanda Kalika Kalikasthan Khaptad Khodasadevi Kuika Kushkot Layati Lungra Malatikot Mangalsen Municipality Marku Mashtanamdali Mastamandau Nada Nandegata Nawathana Patalkot Payal Pulletala Rahaph Ramarosan Raniban Ridikot Risidaha Sakot Sanphebagar Santada Sera Siddheswor Siudi Sutar Tadigaira Thanti Timilsain Toli Tosi Tumarkhad Walant Warla

</doc>
<doc id="2918722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918722" title="SAGEMCOM">
SAGEMCOM

SAGEMCOM is a French company that operates on markets of broadband (broadband and residential terminals), management of documents (printing terminals, software and solutions, digital production workflow), digital set-top boxes (satellite, cable, terrestrial and IP TV) and telecom and energy (M2M, telecommunications infrastructure, smartgrid and metering).
The four official divisions are named: Sagemcom Broadband, Sagemcom Documents, Sagemcom Digital Set-Top Box and Sagemcom Energy & Telecom.
History.
Sagem Communication was the original name for what is now SAGEMCOM (Although still called 'Sagem Communication' at times) . It was part of the SAGEM (a major French company involved in defence electronics, consumer electronics and communication systems).
In 2005, SAGEM and SNECMA merged to form SAFRAN.
In 2008, the SAGEM group spun-off its communications and mobile telephony businesses (known simply as: Sagem Mobile) to focus on core company values.
The mobile phone business was called: SAGEM Wireless.
The broadband business was called: SAGEM Communication.
In 2008 The Gores Group became the major stakeholder of the company.
Other Sagem Business Groups like MobiWire (then known as Sagem Wireless) and Safran Morpho (then known as Sagem Oraga) were not part of this deal. 
In order to distinguish from other "Sagem" companies and to reflect the separation the name and logo was again changed into 'Sagemcom' in 2009.
Today, Sagemcom is majority-owned by The Carlyle Group and a minority shares belong to company employees.
Operations.
Broadband Division.
The Broadband business division accounts for 419 m € of the companies turnover in 2010.
The division offers a wide range of products, broadband terminals, DECT wireless terminals, connected screens and radios as well as software solutions, and simplifying the installation and management of these different devices on the local digital network.
Sagemcom claims it is a European leader for broadband terminals.
Documents Division.
The Documents Business Group provides solutions in the field of imaging and documents: analysis, management, printing, communication, filing, display. The business unit provides a multifold portfolio in areas such as consumer fax (inventor of the Phonefax) as well as professional faxes, printers, multifunction terminals, software solutions for document management and communication, and also imaging (one of the Europeans leaders in digital photoframes).
Its headquarters are in France, on Sagemcom Osny campus.
Digital Set-Top Box Division.
The company launched its first digital set-top boxes in 1996, and was the first in the world to deploy MPEG4 single-chip terminals in November 2005.
The business unit offers a wide range of products, for all transmission media (satellite, cable, terrestrial and IP TV), from basic low-end STBs with limited functions – also known as 'zapper' boxes – to advanced twin-tuner High Definition MPEG4 digital TV receivers with integrated Hard Disk Drive (Personal Video Recorders). Sagem Communications is Europe's leading STB manufacturer for digital terrestrial and IP TV.
Energy & Telecom Division.
This activity also relies on two axis:
The combination of these activities addresses verticals in the domains of energy efficiency but also in smart house, building and cars were terminals or services are needed.
Its headquarters are in France on Sagemcom Rueil-Malmaison campus.

</doc>
<doc id="2918724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918724" title="Ridder Arena">
Ridder Arena

Ridder Arena is the ice rink of the women's hockey team at the University of Minnesota. The Golden Gophers were the only collegiate women's hockey team to have an arena built for them, until the University of Wisconsin opened the LaBahn Arena in 2012. The arena was opened in 2002. The arena seats about 3,400 people; included in that total are the occupants of about 200 club seats and nine sky boxes. Ridder Arena features NHL sized ice at 85 ft x 200 ft. It is next door to Mariucci Arena and an underground access tunnel connects them, which allows them to share ice grooming equipment. The arrangement also allows the two Gopher hockey teams easy access to both NHL and Olympic ice, depending on their weekly opponent.

</doc>
<doc id="2918725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918725" title="Kyle Miller (electronic sports)">
Kyle Miller (electronic sports)

Kyle "ksharp" Miller (born August 21, 1984) is an "electronic sports" player who played "Counter-Strike 1.6" and moved to "Counter-Strike Source" and "". His success allowed him to defer attending college while earning a living as a gamer.
Career.
Miller entered the American "Counter-Strike" ("CS") players scene with the teams "CK3" and "NHG", but he made a name for himself with the team "X3". While Miller prefers using the automatic rifles the M4 and AK-47 in "CS", he is best known for his sniping skills with the AWM (referred to as the AWP by most "Counter-Strike" players).
Miller, along with clanmates "Ronald "Rambo" Kim" and Sean "Bullseye" Morgan, left X3 and formed Team 3D (Desire, Discipline, and Dedication) which would later be renamed 3D.NY after the team was drafted into the Championship Gaming Series. He has won two Cyberathlete Professional League tournaments with X3 and one with Team 3D. He also has several CAL-Invite championships under his belt, as well as two World Cyber Games championships.
Near the end of March 2006, Miller became an inactive member of Team 3D but remained a part of the team. Miller continued working with ESEA of the ESEA League and Team 3D, and, in January 2007, returned to Team 3D. Team 3D then moved to "Counter-Strike Source" ("CSS") to compete in DirecTV's ill-fated Championship Gaming Series (CGS), with a roster of Kyle 'Ksharp' Miller, Jon "Juan" Mumm and Nick "nicKn0iT" Nowakowski (both from Team Pandemic), Mikey 'method' So, Sal 'Volcano' Garozzo, manager and coach Dave 'Moto' Geffon. With the folding of the CGS, it threw all the players into limbo, as the future of the competitive "CSS" scene seemed uncertain. On December 26, 2008 Jax Money Crew announced the signing of 3D.NY mainstays Garozzo and So.

</doc>
<doc id="2918726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918726" title="Alonzo Potter">
Alonzo Potter

The Right Reverend Alonzo Potter (1800–1865) was an American bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States who served as the third Bishop of Pennsylvania.
Early life.
Alonzo Potter was born at Beekman (now La Grange), Dutchess County, New York, on 6 July 1800. His ancestors, English Friends (or Quakers), settled in Portsmouth, Rhode Island, between 1640 and 1660; his father, Joseph Potter, was a farmer, a Quaker, and in 1798 and in 1814 was a member of the New York Assembly. Alonzo Potter graduated from Union College in 1818, and from 1821 to 1826 he was professor at Union of mathematics and natural philosophy.
Career.
In 1824 Alonzo Potter was ordained, and married daughter of President Eliphalet Nott of Union College, Sarah Maria Nott. After she died in 1839, in 1841 he married her cousin, Sarah Benedict. Potter was rector of St. Paul's, Boston, from 1826 to 1831, when he became professor of moral and intellectual philosophy and political economy at Union. In 1838 Potter refused the post of assistant bishop of the eastern diocese (Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Rhode Island). He was vice-president of Union College from 1838 to 1845. After the suspension of Henry Ustick Onderdonk (1789–1858) from the bishopric of Pennsylvania, Potter was chosen to succeed him, and was consecrated on 23 September 1845.
In Pennsylvania.
In 1846 he established the western and northeastern convocations of priests in his diocese. Throughout the 1850s Potter worked towards the building of a new hospital in Philadelphia. The cornerstone was laid in 1860, and the facility was named the Hospital of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Philadelphia. The hospital continues in operation today under the name Episcopal Hospital. In 1861 he established the Philadelphia Divinity School. In 1842 with George B. Emerson (1797–1871) he published "The School and the Schoolmaster", which had a large circulation and great influence. In 1847, 1848, 1849 and 1853 he delivered five courses of lectures at the Lowell Institute, Boston.
Work and publications.
He advocated temperance reform and frequently delivered a lecture on the "Drinking Usages of Society" (1852); he was an opponent of slavery and published a reply to the pro-slavery arguments of Bishop John Henry Hopkins (1792–1868) of Vermont. He edited many reprints and collections of sermons and lectures, and wrote: "Political Economy" (with Johann Ludwig Tellkampf, New York, 1840), "The Principles of Science applied to the Domestic and Mechanic Arts" (1841), "Handbook for Readers and Students" (1843), and "Religious Philosophy" (1870).
Family.
His youngest brother Horatio Potter (1802–1887) was Episcopal Bishop of New York, created the Community of St. Mary, and was the founder of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City.
Alonzo Potter's children were:
Owing to his failing health, Potter visited England and France in 1858. In April 1864 he sailed from New York for California. Potter died on board ship in San Francisco harbor on 4 July 1865. His body was returned to Philadelphia and interred at Laurel Hill Cemetery, alongside his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="2918727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918727" title="Miami Blues">
Miami Blues

Miami Blues is a 1990 action-crime-thriller-film based on the novel of the same name by Charles Willeford. It stars Alec Baldwin, Fred Ward, and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It was directed by George Armitage. Ward was also the executive producer.
Plot.
Frederick Frenger, Jr. (who asks to be called "Junior"), a violent psychopath recently released from a California prison, starts a new life in Miami. Before leaving the airport, he steals luggage and kills a Hare Krishna after breaking his finger.
Junior checks into a hotel and hooks up with Susie Waggoner, a naive prostitute who is a student at a community college. They become romantically involved and take a house together, with Susie blissfully unaware of Junior's criminal activities and harboring fantasies of living happily ever after.
An investigation of the Hare Krishna murder leads grizzled cop Sgt. Hoke Moseley to come knocking on their door. Moseley shares a home-cooked dinner with the couple, upon Susie's suggestion, and plays it cool while seemingly indicating to Junior that he's on to him. He overtly suspects Junior has been in prison and wants him to come to the police station for a lineup. Being a proactive criminal, Junior goes to Moseley's home that night, assaults him, and steals his gun, badge and dentures.
Junior begins using the badge, demanding bribes as rewards after breaking up robberies, only to keep the loot for himself. He's highly enjoying his new role as criminal with a badge and the perks it holds for him.
Susie happily cooks for him. While at a grocery store, Junior witnesses an armed robbery and decides to break it up. He lectures the gunman about avoiding a life of crime, but the gunman runs a truck over him. Junior complains to Susie that the "straight life" has made him too soft.
Moseley tracks down the couple through a utility account opened up in Susie's name. He pretends to run into her at the grocery store, where they swap recipes. After she lies that she has left Junior, Moseley tells her that Junior's a murderer and that he and the police are looking for him.
Back home, to test whether he will lie to her, Susie deliberately ruins a pie by adding too much vinegar to it. To her disappointment, Frenger compliments the dessert and eats it with gusto.
The next day, Junior asks Susie to drive him around town on errands. Their first stop is a pawn shop, which he robs. In the course of the robbery, the pawnbroker chops off several of Frenger's fingers before being killed by him.
Badly injured, he limps to the car, but Susie drives away upon realizing what he's done. Moseley pursues him to the house, where he shoots and kills Junior. Junior, being ironic with his last words, tells Moseley, "Susie's gonna get you, Sarge." Susie then arrives and Moseley asks why she stayed with him for so long. She explains that he ate everything she ever cooked and never hit her.

</doc>
<doc id="2918740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918740" title="Khvarvaran">
Khvarvaran

Khvārvarān, also known as Iraq or Mesopotamia, was a province of the Iranian Persian Empire, which ruled the region since the time of Cyrus the Great. Intensive irrigation agriculture of the lower Tigris and Euphrates and of tributaries such as the Diyala and Karun formed the main resource base of the Sassanid monarchy.
Etymology.
The Arabic term Iraq was not used at this time; in the mid-6th century the Iranian Empire under Sasanian dynasty was divided by Khosrow I into four quarters, of which the western one, called "Khvārvarān", included most of modern Iraq, and subdivided to provinces of "Mishān", "Asuristān", "Adiabene" and Lower Media. The term Iraq is widely used in the medieval Arabic sources for the area in the centre and south of the modern republic as a geographic rather than a political term, implying no precise boundaries. 
The area of modern Iraq north of Tikrit was known in Muslim times as Al-Jazirah, which means "The Island" and refers to the "island" between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. To the south and west lay the Arabian deserts, inhabited largely by Arab tribesmen who occasionally acknowledged the overlordship of the Sasanian Emperors.
Until 602 the desert frontier of greater Iran had been guarded by the Lakhmid kings of Al-Hira, who were themselves Arabs but who ruled a settled buffer state. In that year Shahanshah Khosrow II Aparviz rashly abolished the Lakhmid kingdom and laid the frontier open to nomad incursions. Farther north the western quarter was bounded by the Byzantine Empire. The frontier more or less followed the modern Syria-Iraq border and continued northward into modern Turkey, leaving Nisibis (modern Nusaybin) as the Sasanian frontier fortress while the Byzantines held Dara and nearby Amida (modern Diyarbakır).
Ethnic diversity and religion.
The inhabitants were very mixed. There was an aristocratic and administrative Persian upper class, but most of the population were Aramaic-speaking peasants and townsfolk. There were a number of Tāzis (Arabs), most of whom lived as pastoralists along the western margins of the settled lands, but some lived as townspeople, especially in Hireh (al-Hira). In addition, there was a surprisingly large number of Greeks, mostly prisoners captured during the numerous Sasanian campaigns into Byzantine Syria. 
Ethnic diversity was matched by religious pluralism. The Sasanian state religion, Zoroastrian religion, was largely confined to the Iranians. The rest of the population, especially in Mesopotamia and the northern parts of the country, were Christians. These were sharply divided by doctrinal differences into Monophysites, linked to the Jacobite church of Syria, and Nestorians. 
The Nestorians, who originally converted from Ashurism and Manichaenism, were the most widespread and were tolerated by the Sasanian Emperors because of their opposition to the Christians of the Roman Empire, who regarded the Nestorians as heretics. Many of those Iranian Nestorians were deported to southern provinces, located south of Persian Gulf, such as Mishmāhig (modern Bahrain and UAE), Garrhae (modern Saudi cost of Persian Gulf). The Monophysites were regarded with more suspicion and were occasionally persecuted, but both groups were able to maintain an ecclesiastical hierarchy, and the Nestorians had an important intellectual centre at Nisibis. The area around the ancient city of Babylon by this time had a large population of Jews, both descendants of the exiles of Old Testament times and local converts. In addition, in the southern half of the country there were numerous adherents of the old Babylonian paganism, as well as Mandaeans and Gnostics.
In the early 7th century the stability and prosperity of this multicultural society were threatened by invasion. In 602 Khosrow II Aparviz launched the last great Iranian invasion of the Byzantine Empire. At first he was spectacularly successful; Syria and Egypt fell, and Constantinople itself was threatened. Later the tide began to turn, and in 627-628 the Byzantines, under the leadership of the Heraclius, invaded Khvārvarān province and sacked the imperial capital at Tyspawn (Ctesiphon). The invaders did not remain, but Khosrow was discredited, deposed, and executed.
There followed a period of infighting among generals and members of the Imperial family that left the country without clear leadership. The chaos had also damaged irrigation systems, and it was probably at this time that large areas in the south of the country reverted to marshlands, which they have remained ever since. It was with this devastated land that the earliest Muslim raiders came into contact.
The Arab conquest and the early Islamic period.
The first conflict between local Arab-Bedouin tribes and Iranian forces seems to have been in 634, when the Arabs were defeated at the Battle of the Bridge. There was a force of some 5,000 Muslims under Abu 'Ubayd ath-Thaqafi was routed by the Iranians. In 637 a much larger Arab force under Sa'ad ibn Abi Waqqas defeated the main Iranian army at the battle of Al-Qadisiyya and moved on to sack the capital of the Iranian Empire the Ctesiphon. By the end of the following year (638), the Muslims had conquered almost all of Western Iranian provinces (modern Iraq), and the last Sasanian Emperor, Yazdegerd III, had fled to central and then northern Iran, where he was killed in 651.
The Islamic conquest was followed by mass immigration of Arabs from eastern Arabia and Mazun (Oman) to Khvarvaran. These new arrivals did not disperse and settle throughout the country; instead they established two new garrison cities, at Al-Kufah, near ancient Babylon, and at Basra in the south.
The intention was that the Muslims should be a separate community of fighting men and their families living off taxes paid by the local inhabitants. In the north of the North eastern Iran at Mosul began to emerge as the most important city and the base of a Muslim governor and garrison. Apart from the those Iranian elite and the Zoroastrian priests, who did not converted to Isalm, lost their lives and their property was confiscated, most of the Iranian peoples became Muslim and were allowed to keep their possessions. 
Khvarvaran, now became a province of the Muslim Caliphate with a new name called Iraq.
At first the capital of the Caliphate was at Madinah (al-Medina), but, after the murder of the third caliph, 'Uthman, in 656, his successor, the Prophet's cousin and son-in-law 'Ali, made Iraq his base. In 661, however, 'Ali was murdered in Al-Kufah, and the caliphate passed to the rival Umayyad family in Syria. This ancient Iranian province became a subordinate province, even though it was the richest area of the Muslim world and the one with the largest Muslim population.

</doc>
<doc id="2918743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918743" title="Tony Ma">
Tony Ma

Tony Ma (born 1957? in Vietnam) is an American professional poker player.
Born Hieu Ngoc Ma, an ethnic Hoa, he moved to Southern California in 1985 and became a regular fixture on the poker circuit.
At the 1996 World Series of Poker he collected a bracelet and $236,000 for winning the $5,000 limit hold'em event. He won a second bracelet in 2000 for the $2,000 limit hold'em event.
In 1999, Ma won Card Players' Player of the Year Award.
Ma also plays the World Poker Tour and made the final table of the first season Pro-Celebrity Invitational Tournament, finishing in 5th place.
As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $4,100,000. His 22 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,157,987 of those winnings.
Ma now resides in South El Monte with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2918757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918757" title="St. Andrews (Codroy Valley) Airport">
St. Andrews (Codroy Valley) Airport

St. Andrews (Codroy Valley) Airport , is located northwest of St. Andrews, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918758" title="St. Anthony Airport">
St. Anthony Airport

St. Anthony Airport is located west northwest of St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918762" title="St. John's (Paddys Pond) Water Aerodrome">
St. John's (Paddys Pond) Water Aerodrome

St. John's (Paddys Pond) Water Aerodrome , is located southwest of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada on Paddy's Pond and is open from the middle of April until October.

</doc>
<doc id="2918763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918763" title="Fairbanks Daily News-Miner">
Fairbanks Daily News-Miner

The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner is a morning daily newspaper serving the city of Fairbanks, Alaska, the Fairbanks North Star Borough, the Denali Borough, and the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area in the United States state of Alaska. It is the farthest north daily in the United States, and one of the farthest north in the world. The oldest continuously operating daily in Alaska, by circulation it is the second-largest daily in the state. Owned by the family trusts of Dean Singleton and Richard Scudder, founders of the newspaper chain MediaNews Group, it is not considered part of the MediaNews chain.
The News-Miner was founded as the "Weekly Fairbanks News" in 1903 by George M. Hill and assumed the News-Miner name in 1909, under editor William Fentress Thompson, when Zachary Hickman sold his newspaper, The Miner News to the Fairbanks News. Thompson guided the paper through tough economic times as the gold near Fairbanks was mined out. During this period, the News-Miner absorbed Fairbanks' other newspapers and became the sole publication in Fairbanks. During the 1920s, the News-Miner experimented with aerial delivery to remote mining camps, becoming one of the first newspapers in the world to make regular deliveries by aircraft. After Thompson's death in 1926, former Fairbanks mayor Alfeld Hjalmar Nordale became the paper's editor. 
In 1929, the News-Miner was purchased by Alaska industrialist Austin E. Lathrop, who operated it under a series of editors until 1950. In that year, the paper was purchased by Charles Willis Snedden, who proceeded on a course of modernization. Under Snedden's leadership, the News-Miner became one of the first papers in Alaska to print in color and survived a fire and the biggest flood in Fairbanks history.
The News-Miner has employed several notable Alaskans, including Sen. Bob Bartlett. Its mascot, Sourdough Jack, has been featured on the cover of every daily paper since 1952. The News-Miner has received numerous awards and recognitions during its history, particularly from the Alaska Press Club, which recognizes achievements by Alaska newspapers on an annual basis.
Overview.
The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner is a morning newspaper published daily in the city of Fairbanks in the U.S. state of Alaska. Because Fairbanks is located at a latitude of 64.838 degrees north, the News-Miner offices are located farther north than those of any other daily newspaper in North America. The newspaper has a daily circulation of between 14,000 and 18,000 copies (sources vary), and a Sunday circulation of about 18,000. Overall readership statistics are somewhat higher. The News-Miner operates a Web site, Newsminer.com, which records roughly 250,000 unique visitors per year, according to Alexa.
The News-Miner's circulation area encompasses about in central and northern Alaska. The circulation area includes the Fairbanks North Star Borough, the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, the northern portion of the Denali Borough, and portions of the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area. Major settlements in the circulation area include the city of Fairbanks and the towns of North Pole, Delta Junction, Healy, Fort Yukon, and Tok. There are no other daily newspapers in the News-Miner's circulation area, but Fairbanks and southern portions of the Denali Borough are secondary circulation areas for the Anchorage Daily News, a daily newspaper based south, in Anchorage.
The paper's coverage centers on local news with moderate reporting on state issues that affect Fairbanks and the surrounding area. Local sports, particularly the Fairbanks Grizzlies (Indoor Football League), the Alaska Goldpanners (Alaska Baseball League), Fairbanks Ice Dogs (North American Hockey League), and the various sports teams of the University of Alaska Fairbanks are covered regularly by the newspaper. The News-Miner also maintains a bureau in Washington, D.C. that focuses on the actions of Alaska delegates to the United States Congress. The News-Miner produces several specialty publications in addition to the regular paper. Two publications: "Latitude 65", a weekly arts supplement released on Friday; and "Sundays", a feature reporting section published on Sundays; also are produced by newspaper staff. Several annual publications — a visitors' guide, winter survival guide, and others — also are released by the newspaper on a regular basis.
Early years.
Foundation.
In 1901, trader Ebenezer Barnette sailed up Alaska's Tanana River in hopes of establishing a trading post on the trail connecting the coastal town of Valdez with the gold-mining community of Eagle. Due to low water, however, the steamboat Barnette chartered was unable to continue up the river. Discouraged, Barnette deposited his cache of goods on a riverbank of the Chena River and sailed downstream with the intent of making another attempt to sail up the river during the following year. In 1902, miner Felix Pedro struck gold at a spot about 15 miles north of the spot where Barnette left his supplies. Seeing an opportunity, Barnette decided to establish a trading post at the spot. Other miners and suppliers arrived, attracted by the gold, and Barnette named the settlement Fairbanks, after Indiana Senator and later Vice President of the United States Charles W. Fairbanks. 
Through the fall and winter of 1902, word of the gold strike and the new settlement spread throughout Alaska and the Yukon. Printer George M. Hill, who had been working in Dawson City, packed up his small press and traveled to Fairbanks in early 1903. On September 19, 1903, he printed the first newspaper in the new settlement: Volume I, Issue I of the "Weekly Fairbanks News". Little is known about Hill's operation, but he likely used either a Washington Hand Press or an "Army" press — both were small machines designed for transport on a single pack horse or pack mule. Single copies of the first editions of the paper were $0.25 each, or $10 for a year's subscription. The paper was 10 pages and had multiple advertisements, including one proclaiming that an election would be held on November 10 of that year for the purpose of incorporating the town. On the front page was a statement of policy:
Newspaper wars.
In May 1904, Hill sold the "Weekly Fairbanks News" to R.J. McChesney, who invested in a Linotype machine and a larger press. These improvements and the growing population of Fairbanks — by 1905, it had 2,500 residents — allowed the Weekly Fairbanks News to expand to semi-weekly, then daily publication, in the process becoming the "Fairbanks Daily News" on July 1, 1905. On September 3, the News had its first competition when the Fairbanks Sunday Times began publishing on the sole day that the News did not. Other papers soon arrived in the area. In 1906, the Valdez News reported, "With the newspaper plans already in Fairbanks and with those which are being shipped there this year, the Tanana metropolis will be well supplied. There are no less than five of them all told ..." In May 1906, McChesney sold the Daily News to Fairbanks' founder, Ebenezer Barnette. Later that month, an enormous fire destroyed the Daily News press and much of Fairbanks.
Rather than wait for replacement equipment, Barnette purchased the press of a newly arrived editor, William Fentress Thompson, who had intended to set up his own newspaper. As part of the purchasing deal in August 1906, Thompson was allowed to publish an evening paper—the "Tanana Daily Miner"—while the "Fairbanks Daily News" was published in the morning. The deal lasted only through September, as Thompson and Barnette conflicted on a personal level. The Tanana Miner was reduced to a weekly newspaper, then Thompson was deposed as editor of the Fairbanks News in June 1907 and took the Tanana Miner to the settlement of Chena, outside Fairbanks. Barnette, meanwhile, became embroiled in a series of legal troubles. He faced opposition from the owner of the Fairbanks Times, A.L. Anderson, who had fought Barnette about several gold claims near Fairbanks and purchased the Times to compete against Barnette.
In 1907, Barnette was accused of embezzling money from the Fairbanks bank he operated, and he was sued by the man who had funded the venture that led to the founding of Fairbanks. During the lawsuit, it was revealed that Barnette had been convicted of larceny in Oregon. As his legal bills added up, Barnette decided to lease the Fairbanks Daily News to a group of local businessmen. On June 15, 1908, Barnette ended the lease agreement by selling the newspaper to J. Harmon Caskey and Henry Roden. That same year, the campaign to elect Alaska's first delegate to Congress was under way, and one of the candidates, Jack Corson, purchased one-third of the newspaper. Corson's campaign manager promptly was named the editor of the Daily News, and the paper switched to actively supporting Corson's candidacy.
During this time, William Thompson — best known as W.F. Thompson — began gathering investors to purchase the "Fairbanks Daily News". After Corson's candidacy failed and Thompson amassed $15,000 from investors, he purchased the Daily News in March 1909. On March 18, 1909, the Daily News published its last issue. Four days later, it reopened under the name Fairbanks Daily News-Miner, an amalgam of the names of the Daily News and Thompson's previous operation, the Tanana Miner. He chose the name over his first idea, the "Daily Alaska Miner".
Territorial days.
Consolidation.
When Thompson assumed majority ownership of the renamed "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner" in early 1909, it was one of three daily newspapers in Fairbanks. The other two were the "Fairbanks Times" and the "Tanana Daily Tribune". Competition among the three newspapers was intense, and they often clashed about issues such as city council meetings, a permanent bridge over the Chena River, and the mineral prospects of the town of Iditarod, where gold had just been discovered. The intense rivalries were driven by the declining economic situation in Fairbanks, as the initial gold findings that inspired the Fairbanks Gold Rush began to wane.
From the time Thompson took control until shortly after the Second World War, the News-Miner lacked a dedicated connection to the Associated Press. In the early years of the Thompson administration, he had a dedicated correspondent in Seattle whose job was to read the early editions of the Seattle newspapers, then hurry to the telegraph office and summarize what he had read to Thompson on the other end of the telegraph cable. This system later was replaced by a dedicated contract with the Alaska Communications System, but that contract limited the News-Miner to no more than 9,000 words per day of messages.
On January 10, 1910, the Tanana Tribune was absorbed by the News-Miner. The owners of the Tribune received shares in the News-Miner (which were later bought back by Thompson), and one of the Tribune's owners received its printing plant, which was moved to Tacoma, Washington. In 1911, Thompson feared the declining state of the Fairbanks economy and decided to leave Alaska. He sold his shares in the company, but returned after several months absence and demanded the shares back. Los Bernard, who briefly served as the paper's publisher, returned the shares to Thompson, who resumed his role as publisher and editor. Thompson's return coincided with a series of small gold discoveries at Livengood and Shushanna that boosted the Fairbanks economy, as gold-seekers bought supplies in the town.
Thompson still wished to leave Alaska, however, and in 1915, he sold a majority share of News-Miner stock on option to O.P. Gaustad, a Republican Party booster. Scandal erupted when it was revealed that Gaustad was merely a stand-in for James Wickersham, who was Alaska's delegate to Congress. Partially because of the scandal, Gaustad was unable to sell the shares he held an option for, and Thompson returned to Alaska in spring 1916 to reassume his role as publisher. Later that year, Republican interests took over the Fairbanks Times, which had leaned toward the Democratic Party. The new owners of the Times were unable to come up with financing for new equipment, however, and the Times went out of business in October 1916.
Following the discontinuation of the Times, the "Alaska Weekly Citizen" shifted to a daily publication schedule. This lasted until 1920, when a fire destroyed the Citizen's printing plant. The News-Miner printed the two papers in conjunction for a time — both mastheads appeared on the same paper — but after the Citizen was unable to obtain loans to rebuild, the News-Miner assumed its subscription list and business contracts and it became the sole daily newspaper in Fairbanks.
Tough times.
In May 1920, the Spanish Flu reached Fairbanks and infected most of the newspaper staff. "We had to keep writing of flu and the typesetters kept setting flu stories until they began to imagine they had the flu and went—one, two, three—just like that," said Thompson in a story on the outbreak. Two years later, Thompson and the News-Miner strongly protested the city's order to evict the prostitutes living in a regulated district within Fairbanks. On September 24, 1922, Thompson reported that the News-Miner's press had been sabotaged, oil had been mixed with the paper's printing ink, and a fire had been set in its office, presumably as a result of the paper's stance against eviction.
The decline of Fairbanks' economy was partially offset by the construction of the Alaska Railroad, and the arrival of President Warren G. Harding to dedicate the railroad in 1923. Harding visited the News-Miner offices and set a small bit of type for a special edition commemorating the visit. Less than one month later, however, Harding died on his return from Alaska. Harding's visit coincided with the first commercial airplane flight in the state of Alaska on July 19. By the next year, copies of the News-Miner were delivered regularly by aircraft to remote mining camps and roadhouses. In the process, the News-Miner became the first newspaper to regularly deliver via aircraft.
Three years after Harding's death, William Thompson died on January 4, 1926. He was replaced by assistant editor Alfeld Hjalmar Nordale, who had been mayor of Fairbanks. At the time, the newspaper was in dire straits. Circulation had declined with the falling Fairbanks population, and reached a low of about 500 in 1925, less than half what it was in 1909. The paper still relied on an old flatbed press, which dated from the turn of the century. The newspaper offices were aging, and there was little money to upgrade. Nordale was further stressed by a conflict between him and Thompson's widow, who was the majority shareholder. The conflict arose when two competing candidates for political office attempted to buy the paper's editorial support with pledges of money. When Mrs. Thompson accepted one of the offers, Nordale asked that his name be removed from the newspaper. During the months leading up to the election, the News-Miner produced dozens of editorials and reproduced the speeches of the candidate. After the candidate lost, however, he failed to follow through on his promises of payment. Nordale was reinstated as editor on February 1, 1927, vindicated by the candidate's indictment on four counts of violating the federal Corrupt Practices Act.
Bob Bartlett.
In 1927, Nordale hired a recent University of Alaska Fairbanks graduate named Bob Bartlett. Bartlett had worked for the paper during school vacations, but he made journalism a full-time job following graduation. For four years, Bartlett was the only reporter (other than the editor) who regularly wrote local stories. In late 1930, Bartlett was made the paper's assistant editor in lieu of a raise that the paper couldn't afford to pay. Bartlett remained the paper's assistant editor until 1933, when he became the secretary to Anthony Dimond, Alaska's delegate to the U.S. Congress. Bartlett became the delegate to Congress in 1945, and in 1958, when Alaska hosted its first election for state office, Bartlett was elected one of its first two U.S. Senators.
Lathrop era.
In October 1928, the News-Miner cut costs by moving to a new office. This allowed the purchase of a new Linotype machine, and further upgrades were promised when on November 8, 1929, the News-Miner was purchased by Austin E. Lathrop, an Alaska industrialist. Though Lathrop promised to inject money into the News-Miner, his strong Republican leanings opposed those of Nordale, a confirmed Democrat. Nordale resigned in April 1930 and was replaced by Bernard Stone. Stone and Lathrop turned the News-Miner profitable before Stone was replaced by Charles R. Settlemier in 1936. In 1935, the News-Miner purchased two cylinder presses to replace the old flatbed press still in use. Owing to shipping difficulties, however, the presses and the new crew needed to operate them did not arrive until 1936. By that time, the News-Miner was preparing to move into the new Lathrop Building, built by and named after the newspaper's owner.
As the Great Depression hit the United States, Fairbanks bucked the poor economic trend. Thanks to the Alaska Railroad, large gold dredges could be brought in, and these returned the area's gold mines to profitability. In 1938, Lathrop took advantage of the good economic situation by reviving the "Alaska Miner" as a weekly supplement to the News-Miner. The Miner covered happenings in the gold-mining camps outside Fairbanks and was focused on areas outside the city. In 1939, Fairbanks radio station KFAR was founded, and it shared the Lathrop building with the News-Miner, which occupied the bottom floors of the building.
In January 1941, a disagreement between Settlemier, one of his reporters, and the editor of the Alaska Miner resulted in several changes to the News-Miner. Settlemier was replaced as editor by the reporter, David B. Tewkesbury, and the "Alaska Miner" was discontinued. Its editor, E.F. Jessen, created "Jessen's Weekly", a separate newspaper, to compete with the News-Miner. The Weekly lasted until 1968, when it was closed by the Internal Revenue Service. The same year that Jessen founded his weekly newspaper, the United States became involved in the Second World War. Travel to and from Alaska was restricted, and after Japan invaded the Alaska islands of Attu and Kiska, the News-Miner was censored by the U.S. Army. Fairbanks benefited from a military construction boom as the United States built the Northwest Staging Route to ferry Lend-Lease aircraft to the Soviet Union. The boom left the News-Miner short-staffed, but it continued operations throughout the war.
Just before the Japanese surrender that ended the war, "News-Miner" editor David Tewkesbury died. He was replaced by Art Bremer, a reporter. The post-war boom caused a sudden shortage of newsprint, as paper mills were not able to meet the demand of a growing number of newspapers nationwide. This shortage caused the News-Miner to run short until Lathrop used his industrial connections to divert a shipment from a newspaper that was going out of business.
The post-war years also saw the News-Miner take a more active role in territorial politics. Prior to the 1948 election, Lathrop believed Republican presidential candidate Thomas Dewey would handily defeat Democratic incumbent Harry Truman. To take advantage of the anticipated governmental shift, Lathrop instructed the News-Miner to ramp up its pro-Republican editorials. In order to assist that process, he appointed William Strand, a war correspondent for the Chicago Tribune, as the News-Miner's new editor. Though Truman won the 1948 election, the News-Miner stayed politically active in endorsing Republican candidates and issues. This ended only with Lathrop's death on July 26, 1950.
Snedden era.
One week before Lathrop's death, he negotiated the sale of the News-Miner to Charles Willis "Bill" Snedden. Snedden was an efficiency expert and former printer who had been employed by Henry Kaiser during WWII. After the war, he began troubleshooting newspapers. Through 1949 and 1950, Snedden did an efficiency study of the News-Miner and recommended about $100,000 in upgrades. Lathrop was unwilling to spend that much on the newspaper, and Snedded suggested that if Lathrop was unwilling to upgrade, Snedden would be interested in purchasing the paper. The two men worked out a verbal agreement before Lathrop was killed in a coal train accident.
One of Snedden's first actions was to readdress the paper's stance on Alaska statehood. Lathrop and the News-Miner had been strongly opposed to statehood, but after Snedden took control, he analyzed the issue and came out strongly in favor of Alaska statehood. The News-Miner continually published editorials in favor of statehood, and encouraged other newspapers across the U.S. to do the same. In 1955 and 1956, when the Alaska Constitutional Convention took place at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, the News-Miner set up special telephone lines from the convention chambers to the newspaper's office. Daily reports were printed, recording the delegates' progress.
The News-Miner strongly supported the political campaign for statehood until 1959, when Alaska became the 49th state of the United States. On the day the U.S. Congress voted to have Alaska admitted as a state, Snedden arranged for a U.S. Air Force jet to fly copies of the News Miner, the "Anchorage Times", and other Alaska newspapers to Washington, D.C. On the morning after the vote, each Congressman had an Alaska newspaper proclaiming statehood.
Snedden also embarked on a series of upgrades to the News-Miner's printing equipment. In 1953, rotary printing was introduced to Fairbanks after Snedden purchased a used rotary press from The Sacramento Union. To house the press, Snedden built a two-story building adjacent to the Lathrop Building. The Lathrop Building still contained most of the News-Miner's offices and typesetting equipment, but it was not large enough to contain the new press without extensive renovations, thus requiring a new building. Shortly after the new press was introduced, the News-Miner produced its first full-color newspaper. The new equipment also allowed for larger print jobs, and Snedden introduced an annual Progress Edition that was intended to be distributed outside Alaska in order to attract business and industry to the state. In 1954, the News-Miner obtained a dedicated teletype to the Associated Press, avoiding the need for contracts for telephone and telegraph service to a correspondent in Seattle who would relay AP material to the News-Miner.
On November 23, 1957, tragedy struck when the Lathrop Building caught on fire. Firemen rushed to the scene to put out the blaze and did so quickly, but not before the television and radio studios on the top floors of the building were destroyed. The News-Miner offices and printing facilities on the lower floors were spared from the flames, but suffered water damage. Due to winter temperatures, the water soon froze. Despite the conditions, the paper was produced on time the next day.
In 1964, the largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States struck Anchorage and southern Alaska, cutting communications to the outside world. The quake was felt in Fairbanks, and it took 40 minutes for communications to be re-established with the Associated Press office in Seattle. When the connection was restored, the News-Miner sent the first reports of the earthquake to the outside world. The quake also destroyed the offices of the "Anchorage Times", the leading newspaper in that city. The News-Miner offered its press facilities to the Times, and the two papers shared a masthead as Anchorage recovered from the tremor.
Shortly before the earthquake, the News-Miner placed an order for a modern offset printing press. To house the new press, which could not fit in the Lathrop Building, Snedden ordered the construction of a new printing facility and office—named the Aurora Building—north of the Chena River. The Alaska Railroad sold Snedden the land for the building, which was built at a cost of $1 million in 1965. Snedden ordered the foundation for the new building to be raised 22 inches above the 100-year flood line. This fact saved the News-Miner two years later, when a massive flood swept through Fairbanks. The water was three inches deep throughout the paper's offices and even deeper in the press and boiler rooms, which were slightly below that raised level. The flood halted production for a time, and the Anchorage Times reciprocated the post-earthquake favor by publishing the News-Miner's masthead on its editions and posting occasional stories from Fairbanks until electrical power was restored to the town.
In the early 1970s, prior to the construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, the Fairbanks economy was unsteady. The News-Miner planned to expand its printing plant, but many in the company were unsure if the economy could support the added capacity. Over the objections of the News-Miner newsroom, Snedden decided to expand the Aurora Building by adding a second floor at a cost of $2 million. In 1974, as construction of the pipeline got under way, demand for office space in Fairbanks was so great that Alyeska Pipeline Company rented several News-Miner offices in the newly expanded building. About this time, the News-Miner replaced its Associated Press teletypes with a satellite connection.
MediaNews Group era.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Snedden created a plan to let the paper's employees buy the company and keep ownership local. This plan was under way at the time of Snedden's death in 1989, but by 1992, many of the paper's employees were nearing retirement age. This factor, and the need for costly upgrades to expand the paper onto the Internet, led to a decision to sell the News-Miner to Dean Singleton and Richard Scudder, co-founders of the MediaNews Group newspaper chain. In order to preserve the paper's independence—something desired by Snedden—the News-Miner was purchased by the family trusts of the two men, with ownership split 50/50 between the two trusts. 
Chuck Gray, the last publisher of the paper under Snedden's ownership (he served from 1989–1992), was retained as publisher emeritus in an advisory capacity. Paul Massey was named the first publisher of the post-Snedden era. He was replaced by Marilyn Romano in 2003. Romano took a job with Alaska Airlines in 2011 as regional vice president Kathryn Strle became the new publisher/general manager.
Though the News-Miner is owned separately from the rest of the MediaNews Group newspapers, it is considered a part of the group in order to take advantage of bulk purchasing discounts. The News-Miner owns the Kodiak Daily Mirror.
Sourdough Jack.
Since 1952, the News-Miner has featured a small cartoon figure named Sourdough Jack at the bottom of its front page. The drawing of Sourdough Jack is always paired with a comment on a news story, pun, or joke, apparently having been spoken by the figure. The idea for Sourdough Jack came from News-Miner editor John J. Ryan, who said, "People had many complaints about the town. ... He could make fun of that stuff and that would give people a chance to laugh at their problems." Sourdough Jack's name came from Ryan's nickname (Jack) and the traditional nickname given to an old miner (sourdough). Jack Ryan worked for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer later in his life. John Ryan changed his name in the 70's to John O'Ryan.
In the first days of the cartoon's existence, Jack often commented on alcohol, his lack of a job, and his wife. In recent years, the cartoon has taken a politically correct tone, except on occasion. After the Sept. 11 attacks, Sourdough Jack was pictured shaking his fist and saying, "It's time to terrorize the terrorists!" About that time, the original Sourdough Jack drawings that had been reproduced since 1952 were replaced by new drawings made in a similar style. This was required due to the growing fuzziness of the reproduced image and the transition to digital newspaper production.
Awards and accomplishments.
In its history, the News-Miner has been awarded dozens of accolades by the Alaska Press Club and other organizations. In 1986, News-Miner reporter Stan Jones was awarded a George Polk Award for writing a story that led to impeachment proceedings against Alaska governor Bill Sheffield. In 2009, the paper won several commendations from the Alaska Press Club for photography, sportswriting, features writing, and other accomplishments.

</doc>
<doc id="2918764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918764" title="St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport">
St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport

St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport is adjacent to St. Lewis, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918768" title="93.9 Bay FM">
93.9 Bay FM

93.9 Bay FM (call sign: 3BAY) is a commercial FM radio station based in Geelong, Victoria. Commencing broadcasting in 1989, the station broadcasts an adult contemporary format.
History.
Bay FM was originally licensed as part of a Commonwealth Government plan to increase the diversity of radio services in regional centres. The station's launch date is disputed - the Australian Communications and Media Authority, which oversees licensing of radio services in Australia, list the station's launch date as 10 December 1989, however some listeners suggest that broadcasts began two days earlier on 8 December.
Just before the official launch of the station, the parent company of Bay FM purchased the flagging 3XY in nearby Melbourne, from the then owners of 2SM Sydney. Once Bay FM commenced broadcasting, 3XY briefly simulcasted the station overnight, retaining its soft rock format during the day. However, once new studios in Corio Bay were completed, Bay FM and 3XY began full time simulcasting, 3XY breaking only for exclusive Australian Football League coverage. After a period of 12 months, the then-Australian Broadcasting Authority demanded the two stations begin separate programming. While the two stations remained in their Corio studios, Bay FM relaunched with an easy listening format. In 1991, 3XY was sold to AWA Limited, owners of 2CH Sydney, and shut down later that year.
Bay FM was purchased by Grant Broadcasters, owners of rival 95.5 K-Rock, and the station relocated to the K-Rock building in the center of Geelong. In 1999, Bay FM adopted the adult contemporary format it broadcasts today.
Announcers.
News Team.
Bay FM's newsroom is shared with sister stations 95.5 K-Rock and 89.3 Hot Country.

</doc>
<doc id="2918774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918774" title="Aslak Dørum">
Aslak Dørum

Aslak Dørum (born 7 August 1964, in Oslo, Norway) is the bassist in the Norwegian rock band DumDum Boys. He joined the band in 1993, after having been closely associated with them for years, and been responsible for the band's videos. Dørum also became a song writer for DumDum Boys, a responsibility that had until then mostly been held by Kjartan Kristiansen. He recorded the solo album "Lonesome Means Happy" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2918776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918776" title="Dickey Pearce">
Dickey Pearce

Richard J. "Dickey" Pearce (February 29, 1836 – September 18, 1908) was an American professional baseball player and one of the sport's most famous early figures. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, and began playing with the Brooklyn Atlantics in 1856. He continued his career in the National Association and the early years of Major League Baseball. It is possible Pearce was one of the first baseball players to earn money for playing the game professionally. Pearce is given credit for pioneering the shortstop position. Pearce introduced his "tricky hit" to baseball, known today as the bunt. For much of his career, the rules permitted the ball to roll foul and still be a hit.
Pearce played professionally for 22 years, spanning the generation from the game's beginnings to the National League. In the June 30, 1868 edition of the St. Louis Times, the paper said of him: "Pearce has been noted as a superior shortstop for ten years and to-day has no equal in the base ball field. He bats with great judgment and safety..." After retiring from playing, Pearce umpired into the mid-1880s.

</doc>
<doc id="2918777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918777" title="List of kings of Strathclyde">
List of kings of Strathclyde

The list of the kings of Strathclyde concerns the kings of Alt Clut, later Strathclyde, a Brythonic kingdom in what is now western Scotland.
The kingdom was ruled from Dumbarton Rock, "Alt Clut", the Brythonic name of the rock, until around 870 when the rock was captured and sacked by Norse-Gaels from the kingdom of Dublin after a four-month siege. Thereafter the centre of the kingdom moved to Govan, previously a religious centre. The kingdom is also known as Cumbria after 870, and indeed may have ruled parts of the modern English region of Cumbria in the 10th and 11th centuries. In the 11th century the kingdom of Alba conquered Strathclyde. It remained a distinctive area, with different laws, using the Cumbric language alongside Gaelic, until the 12th century.
Kings of Alt Clut.
Various authorities have suggested a king-list as follows:
The sources for this king-list are problematic. The earliest source is Adomnán's "Life of Saint Columba", which refers to Roderc son of Tothail as reigning in the Rock of Clyde—almost certainly Dumbarton Rock. It is known that Roderc (or Riderc) was a contemporary of Columba, but the date of his death, dependent on the 12th-century "Life of Kentigern" and an entry in the "Annales Cambriae" an.CLX+9 "Conthigirni obitus"..., is unreliable.
The next earliest source is the so-called "Iona Chronicle", compiled c. 650–750, deduced from Scottish entries in the "Chronicle of Ireland" which were later copied into the "Annals of Tigernach" (AT) and the "Annals of Ulster" (AU). This preserves information for kings of Alclut from the mid-7th to the mid-8th century, beginning with Gure(i)t regis Alo Cluathe (AU), Domnall mac Auin (AT,AU) Bili mac Elphine (AT,AU) and Taudar mac Bile (AT), were all noted as 'kings of Alclut'. In addition to this, we have a poem preserved in the 10th-century "Life of Adomnán" which refers to Brude, king of the Picts, as being the son of Bile, king of Alclut.
From this later period too (9th and 10th centuries) are several Welsh sources, particularly the genealogies in Harley 3859, which have been too readily accepted at face value. Whatever else they tell us, they do not confirm that someone who was the father of a king was also a king: thus, none of the individuals listed in them can be said to be 'king of Alclut' without corroboration. Furthermore, it is not clear what the sources for these genealogies were, and to what extent they are independent and factual, or how much they relied on much the same evidence we have today; and, if they lacked information, whether they supplied it.
The "Annales Cambriae" note s.a. CCX+6 (c. 760) Dunnagual filius Teudubr, who may be the son of Taudar mac Bile of the "Annals of Tigernach". The "Annales Cambriae" does not specify his status, but he may plausibly have been king at Alclut. The following three individuals in the Harleian genealogy, Eugein, Riderch and Dumnagual, are unattested elsewhere. These are repetitions of three of the most famous names in the canon, and it must be suspected that they were supplied to fill a gap in the genealogical record. The insertion of Rotri between Dumnagual and Teudubr is a modern error based on a misinterpretation of "Annales Cambriae": s.a. CCX (754) Rotri, rex Brittonum, moritur. This Rhodri is almost certainly Rhodri Molwynog ("bald and grey") m. Idwal Iwrch, a prince of Gwynedd.
It was perhaps believed by the 8th century that Saint Patrick's Coroticus was king at Alclut (the headings added later at Armagh to the chapters of Muirchu's Life of the late 7th century give Coroticus the title "Rex Aloo"), but there is no witness for this in Patrick's own writings. Cinuit and Dumnagual hen are ancestor figures, the former bearing a truncated form of the sept name Kynwydyon (pre-form *"Cunetiones"), and are totemistic figures in the genealogy. The name Clinoch is improbable and may be a scribal error for Cliuoc, or Gliuoc.
The most famous figure in the list after Roderc is Eugein map Beli, who is no doubt intended to be Ohan (AT) or Hoan (AU) a king of the Britons who slew Domnall Brecc in an ambush in Strathcarron in 642. This battle is the subject of an awdl in the "Y Gododdin" collection, but in the poem the victor is not named, only said to be a grandson of Neithon (according to an emmended reading of the surviving versions of the text). The poem describes this surprise attack as being launched from a fort above Strathcarron, and it seems likely that Dumyat is intended, a hillfort associated with the Maeatae, who had been attacked a generation earlier by Domnall Brecc's formidable grandfather, Áedán mac Gabráin. It seems likely, therefore, that Ohan/Hoan was a king of the Stirlingshire Britons, and that his action avenged the earlier attack by Áedán. There is no reason to associate Ohan with Alclut, but the genealogist probably felt there was no harm in inserting such a prestigious character, and his grandfather, into the genealogy, particularly if there was a substantial gap to fill between Roderc and Guret, and he may possibly have been the father of Domnall (although the name Ohan/Hoan/Auin/Eugein is very common). It may well be that Ohan's action led to a decline in the power of the Cenél nGabráin and subsequent reoccupation of Dunbartonshire by the British under Gureit. (see now Fraser 2008)
The final puzzle is the identity of Eugein's father Beli. It is to be suspected that this individual is a ghost provoked by the poem in the "Life of Adomnán". It is likely that, if there is any truth in the poem, Brude's father was Bili mac Elphine who died in 722, and that his son predeceased him in 693. There is in fact no need to posit another Beli, except to fill another gap in the generations. To take a thoroughly sceptical view of the available evidence, this suggests possibly five distinct dynasties. The first is of the later 6th century, represented by Roderc; the second of the mid-7th century, represented by Guret; the third of the late 7th century, represented by Domnall mac Auin; the fourth of the mid-8th century, represented by the descendants of Elfin; the fifth of the late 9th century, represented by Arthgal and his son, whose kingdom was probably not centered on Alclut.
Kingdom of Strathclyde / Strathalcluith or Cumbria.
Subsequently incorporated into Alba, or Scotland. See List of Monarchs of Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="2918782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918782" title="Thorburn Lake Water Aerodrome">
Thorburn Lake Water Aerodrome

Thorburn Lake Water Aerodrome , is actually two separate docking areas on Thorburn Lake, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada and are open from the middle of April until the middle of November.

</doc>
<doc id="2918784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918784" title="Wabush Water Aerodrome">
Wabush Water Aerodrome

Wabush Water Aerodrome is adjacent to Wabush, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada on Little Wabush Lake and is open from June until October.

</doc>
<doc id="2918786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918786" title="Wabush Airport">
Wabush Airport

Wabush Airport is northeast of Wabush, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918787" title="Williams Harbour Airport">
Williams Harbour Airport

Williams Harbour Airport is located adjacent to Williams Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918789" title="Baglung District">
Baglung District

Baglung District ( ), a part of Dhawalagiri Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Baglung as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,784 km² and has a population (2011) of 268,613.
Baglung is surrounded by Parvat, Myagdi, Rukum, Ropla, Pyuthan and Gulmi districts. It has 59 Village Development Committees and one Municipality. It has many rivers and streams and so, many suspension bridges. Baglung is also known as the district of suspension bridges because of the large number of bridges. It is a hilly district, most of the population settled in the sides of the rivers. Fertile planes situated in the either sides of the rivers are used for farming. Headquarters of Baglung Distrikt ist Baglung Municipality which is also situated on the bank of the holy river- Kali Gandaki. Like Nepal, Baglung is also diverse in religion, culture, ethnicity, altitude, temperature etc. Hinduism and Buddhism are the major religions. pun, thapa, rana ,Chhantyal, magar, Chhetri, Bramhan, Newar, Gurung, and Thakali are the main ethnic groups living in Baglung.
Baglung is rich in herbal medicine plants. Rice, corn, millet, wheat and potato are the major crops of baglung.There were many mines in use in Baglung in the past; Iron and Copper mines being the most prevalent. But they are not in use for long time because of the heedlessness of the government. There are numerous slate mines in use in Baglung. These slates are excellent for roofing.
Baglung Municipality, Hatiya- Galkot, Kusma and Burtibang are the main trading centers of Baglung. Galkot, Kusma and Burtibang are connected with the district headquarters Baglung Bazaar by raw roads. Small part of Baglung is electrified by Nepal Electricity Authority and some other parts are electrified by small local hydroplants. Recently, telephone has been accessible in almost all villages of Baglung.
Baglung is considered to be one of the politically most conscious districts and it plays a significant role in the Nepali politics.
Geography and Climate.
Highest temperature at the lowest elevation of baglung rises up to about 37.5 degrees Celsius in summer and the lowest temperature at Dhorpatan falls up to about −15 degrees Celsius in winter. The elevation of Baglung varies from about 650 meters at Kharbang to about 4,300 meters in Dhorpatan.
Towns and villages.
AdhikarichaurAmalachaurAmarbhumiArgalArjewaBaglungBaskotBatakachaurBhakundeBhimgitheBhimpokharaBihunkotBinamareBoharagaunBowangBungadovanBurtibangChhistiDaga TundadaDamekDarlingDevisthanDhamjaBaglung JaidiDhullubaskotDudilavatiGwalichaur-HarichaurHatiyaHeelaHudgisheerJaljalaKandebasKhungkhaniKhungaKusmisheraLekhaniMalikaMalmaMulpaniNarayansthanNarethantiNisiPaiyunthanthapPalakotPandavkhaniPaiyunpataRajkutRanasingkiteniRangkhaniRayadandaReshaRighaSalyanSarkuwaSinganaSisakhaniSukhauraSunkhaniTamanTangramTaraTityang

</doc>
<doc id="2918790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918790" title="Winterland Airport">
Winterland Airport

Winterland Airport , is southwest of Winterland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle general aviation aircraft only, with no more than 15 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="2918794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918794" title="Eugene Melnyk">
Eugene Melnyk

Eugene Melnyk (born May 27, 1959) is a Ukrainian Canadian businessman who has resided in Barbados since February 1991. He is the current and sole owner, governor, and chairman of the Ottawa Senators professional ice hockey franchise of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the founder, former chairman and CEO of Biovail Corporation which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Canadian Business magazine ranked Melnyk 77th with a net worth of $1 billion on its 2014 list of Canada's 100 wealthiest people.
He is also one of the richest residents of Barbados.
Business career.
In 1982, Melnyk founded medical publishing company Trimel Corporation, which was sold to Thomson Publications (part of The Thomson Corporation) in 1989. Melnyk then founded Biovail Corporation, a specialty pharmaceutical company, in 1989. During his time as chairman and CEO of Biovail, revenues grew from $19 million in 1995 to $1.067 billion in 2006. One of Biovail's strategies was to look for drugs with expired patents, then reinvent them with the company's proprietary technologies. One example was producing drugs that had controlled-release features that let patients take the drug once a day instead of several times. Melnyk retired from his position as chairman and CEO of Biovail on June 30, 2007.
In 2003 a Biovail trucking accident destroyed a shipment of drugs, and Biovail executives overestimated the loss. When the actual earnings were released, the loss was much lower and earnings were positive. This caused shareholder frustration and legal actions. In the Ontario Securities Commission complex decision in 2010, the panel ruled Mr. Melnyk didn't breach any specific securities rules because the information in the press release was not misleading "in a material respect." But it concluded his actions were still "contrary to the public interest," which is a broad and open-ended violation that does not require a finding of guilt on any specific securities law.
While Mr. Melnyk would pay $565,000 to cover OSC costs in the matter, he was not assessed any fine or financial penalty. Mr. Thomson (Melnyk's lawyer) said such a payment could not be assessed for acting "contrary to the public interest" without any specific breach of the Securities Act.
Earlier in the same year Mr. Melnyk had settled with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), agreeing to pay a civil penalty of $150,000 US, and he had previously paid $1 million U.S. to settle other claims with the SEC.
In 2008, Mr. Melnyk started another pharmaceutical company named Trimel Pharmaceuticals. Trimel Pharmaceuticals Corporation is a specialty pharmaceutical company actively developing medications for male hypogonadism, female sexual dysfunction, and various respiratory disorders. The Corporation holds a licence for the development and marketing rights worldwide, excluding Brazil and Russia, to certain products utilizing a bioadhesive intranasal gel drug delivery technology platform and owns a novel unit-dose dry power inhaler / nasal dispersion system (“TriVair™”). The Corporation is actively pursuing the development and application of these technologies for therapeutic categories such as (a) male hypogonadism, (b) female orgasmic disorder, and (c) respiratory disorders, representing multi-billion dollar market opportunities in the United States alone. Trimel is still in the early stages of development but is expected to reach a partnership and begin production in 2014.
He also has business interests in the cosmetics industry and is a major shareholder of a botanical biotechnology company.
Sports franchise owner.
On August 26, 2003, Melnyk purchased the Ottawa Senators hockey club of the NHL and their arena, Corel Centre out of bankruptcy. He is the sole owner and holds the titles of governor and chairman.
Melnyk's first sports franchise purchase was the St. Michael's Majors of the Ontario Hockey League in 2001. Until 2007, the club played at the St. Michael's College School's Arena in Toronto, but has now relocated to Mississauga, Ontario. As there was a club already in Mississauga, the IceDogs, Melnyk purchased the IceDogs in 2006 and resold them in 2007 to move the Majors into the IceDogs home arena. The new ownership of the IceDogs has relocated the team to St. Catharines, Ontario and is now known as the Niagara IceDogs. On May 10, 2012, Melnyk sold the St. Michael's Majors (now called the Mississauga Steelheads) to Elliott Kerr for an undisclosed price.
On September 16, 2008, Melnyk proposed plans for an Ottawa Major League Soccer professional soccer team, and a new soccer-specific Ottawa Soccer Stadium but could not obtain support from Ottawa's municipal Council. Instead, the Mayor and Council chose a different site for a Canadian Football League franchise named the Ottawa RedBlacks.
In 2009, Eugene served as chairman of the IIHF World Junior Championship.
In January 2012, Eugene hosted the National Hockey League All-Star Game at his arena, the Canadian Tire Centre. In 2005 and 2008, he hosted the NHL Entry Draft.
In June 2013, Eugene announced the naming rights change of his arena from Scotiabank Place to Canadian Tire Centre. He made this decision based on a preference for the new sponsor Canadian Tire over Scotiabank.
Eugene has repeatedly stated that the team is not for sale and he would never consider selling it. Although the Ottawa Senators are a Canadian ice hockey club, the team yields little to no profit year to year. In the 2012-2013 season, the average ticket prices of the Ottawa Senators were fifth cheapest in the league; Colorado, Dallas, Tampa Bay, and Phoenix were the only cheaper tickets.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Eugene Melnyk is the owner of Melnyk Racing Stables Inc. and Winding Oaks Farm in Ocala, Florida, a property on land that was formerly Tartan Farms and where such racing legends as Dr. Fager and Ta Wee are buried. His racing and horse breeding operations have more than 200 Thoroughbreds. All of the Melnyk racehorses are named after Barbados landmarks and carry the blue and gold national colours. Blue and gold are also Ukrainian national colours.
Melnyk was named a trustee of the New York Racing Association in August 2003, a position from which he resigned in January 2007. Melnyk was a co-recipient of the National Turf Writers Association's 2002 Joe Palmer Award and has also been honored by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association as national owners of the year in 2005, and he formerly sat on the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association board of directors.
In 1998, his colt Archers Bay won Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate. Melnyk has won all three legs of the Canadian Triple Crown with two horses: Archers Bay and Lodgehill. Another highlight came in 2007 with the 3-year-old filly Sealy Hill, who became the first filly to win the Canadian Triple Tiara, which legs include the $500,000 Woodbine Oaks, the Bison City Stakes, and the Wonder Where Stakes, since the series was inaugurated in 1999. Sealy Hill was awarded with triple Sovereign Awards—3-year-old filly, turf female and Canadian Horse of the Year and was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in August 2013. Melnyk has won 12 Sovereign Awards.
Top racehorses include champion sprinter Speightstown, winner of the 2004 Breeders' Cup Sprint, Marchfield (2007 Breeders' Stakes), Flower Alley (2005 Travers), Pool Land (2006 Ruffian), Marley Vale (Test), Tweedside (Coaching Club American Oaks), Bishop Court Hill (Carter), Harmony Lodge (Ballerina), along with other graded stakes winners Indian Vale, Gouldings Green, Strong Hope, Host, Fisher Pond, Lodge Hill, Bovell, Pico Teneriffe, and Graeme Hall. Owns a substantial quantity of bloodstock and is standing stallions in Florida and Kentucky, including Speightstown (at WinStar Farm), Strong Hope (at Winding Oaks Farm), and Flower Alley (at Three Chimneys Farm), Graeme Hall, and Harlington (Winding Oaks Farm).
Melnyk's Flower Alley is the sire of I'll Have Another, which won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes and was suddenly retired on the eve of the Belmont Stakes (the third leg of the U.S. Triple Crown) with an injury to his left front tendon.
In February 2013, Eugene sold a few of his broodmares to refocus the business from breeding to purchasing yearlings and racing those instead. His dedication and investment in the thoroughbred racehorse industry remains strong and substantial, and he can be regularly seen attending many of his horses' races.
Philanthropy.
Eugene Melnyk is involved with various charitable organizations. His primary charitable focus is on helping children and the elderly. His involvement has included:
In 2014 Melnyk spearheaded a campaign to boycott sponsors of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in order to push FIFA to remove the event from Russia, out of protest for its war with Ukraine.
Personal life.
Eugene Melnyk was born and raised in Toronto, Ontario, in Canada. He now resides permanentely in Barbados.
Eugene is divorced and has two children.
A notable possession of Eugene's is his private jet, a Gulfstream G550. It is recognizable by the Ottawa Senators logos found on either side of the cockpit.
Books and TV.
Eugene has been featured in the following books:
He has also been featured in the following TV shows:

</doc>
<doc id="2918798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918798" title="James Bradley (Australian writer)">
James Bradley (Australian writer)

James Bradley (born 15 May 1967) is an Australian novelist and critic. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he trained as a lawyer before becoming a writer.
His books include three novels and a book of poetry. His novels have been published internationally and won or been shortlisted for a number of major Australian literary awards, including "The Age" Fiction Book of the Year, the Miles Franklin Literary Award, the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards, the Commonwealth Writers Prize for Best First Book (SE Asia and Pacific Region), the "Courier-Mail" Book of the Year Award, the Aurealis Best Novel Award (Science Fiction category), the Adelaide Festival's National Fiction Award, the Fellowship of the Australian Writers Literature Award, the Australian National Book Council's 'Banjo' Award and the Kathleen Mitchell Literary Award. He was also one of "The Sydney Morning Herald"'s Best Young Australian Novelists in 1997 and 2000, and on 16 June 2008 "The Resurrectionist" was included as one of Richard & Judy's Summer Reads for 2008 He has also edited two anthologies, "Blur", a collection of writing by young Australian writers, and "The Penguin Book of the Ocean". 
Bradley's novels explore both past and future. The first, "Wrack" explores questions about the nature of history and the imaginary origins of Australia, drawing together the story of the semi-mythical "Mahogany Ship", a Portuguese caravel supposedly wrecked on the southern coast of Australia, love stories and a murder-mystery. The second, "The Deep Field", is set in a dystopic near-future and tells the story of a love affair between a photographer and a blind palaeontologist. The third, "The Resurrectionist", based loosely on the story of the Burke and Hare murders details the fall from grace of a young anatomist, Gabriel Swift.
Bradley also writes as a critic, with reviews and articles appearing regularly in Australian newspapers and magazines, and blogs at City of Tongues. In 2012 he won the Pascall Prize for Criticism and was named Australian Critic of the Year.
He lives in Sydney with his partner, the novelist Mardi McConnochie.
Bibliography.
Novels
Poetry
Editor

</doc>
<doc id="2918806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918806" title="Ōta Station">
Ōta Station

Ōta Station is the name of two train stations in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2918820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918820" title="Buddhist monasticism">
Buddhist monasticism

Buddhist Monasticism is one of the earliest surviving forms of organized monasticism in the history of religion. It is also one of the most fundamental institutions of Buddhism. Monks and nuns are considered to be responsible for preserving and teaching Buddhist teachings and guiding Buddhist lay followers.
History and development.
The order of Buddhist monks and nuns was founded by Gautama Buddha during his lifetime over 2500 years ago. The Buddhist monastic lifestyle grew out of the lifestyle of earlier sects of wandering ascetics, some of whom the Buddha had studied under. It was not really isolationist or eremetic: the sangha was dependent on the lay community for basic provisions of food and clothing, and in return sangha members helped guide lay followers on the path of Dharma. Individuals or small groups of monks – a teacher and his students, or several monks who were friends – traveled together, living on the outskirts of local communities and practicing meditation in the forests. Monks and nuns were expected to live with a minimum of possessions, which were to be voluntarily provided by the lay community. Lay followers also provided the daily food that monks required, and provided shelter for monks when they were needed. During the Buddha's time, many retreats and gardens were donated by wealthy citizens for monks and nuns to stay in during the rainy season. Out of this tradition grew two kinds of living arrangements for monastics, as detailed in the Mahavagga section of the Vinaya and Varsavastu texts:
One of the more famous Arama is Anathapindika's, known as "Anathapindikassa arame", built on Prince Jeta's grove. It had buildings worth 1.8 million gold pieces built in a beautiful grove, with the total gift worth 5.4 million gold pieces.
After the parinirvana of the Buddha, the Buddhist monastic order developed into a primarily cenobitic movement. The practice of living communally during the rainy vassa season, prescribed by the Buddha, gradually grew to encompass a settled monastic life centered on life in a community of practitioners. Most of the modern disciplinary rules followed by monks and nuns—the Patimokkha—relate to such an existing, prescribing in great detail proper methods for living and relating in a community of monks or nuns. The number of rules observed varies with the order; Theravada monks follow around 227 rules. There are a larger number of rules specified for bhikkhunis.
Monastic life.
The Buddhist monastic order is theoretically divided into two assemblies, the male bhikkhu (Pali, Skt. bhikshu) assembly, and the female bhikkhuni (Skt. bhikshuni) assembly. Although his followers initially consisted only of men, the Buddha recognized women as followers after his stepmother, Mahaprajapati, asked for and received permission to live as an ordained practitioner. Also the Buddha's disciple Ananda strongly instisted on including female order. Female monastic communities in the bhikkhuni lineage were never established in the Vajrayana communities of Tibet and Nepal; Theravada communities formerly existed, but died out between the 11th and 14th century. Ordination in the bhikkhuni lineage continues to exist among East Asian communities, and attempts have been made at a revival in Southeast Asia and Sri Lanka.
Monks and nuns are expected to fulfill a variety of roles in the Buddhist community. First and foremost, they are expected to preserve the doctrine and discipline now known as Buddhism. They are also expected to provide a living example for the laity, and to serve as a "field of merit" for lay followers, providing laymen and women with the opportunity to earn merit by giving gifts and support to the monks. In return for the support of the laity, monks and nuns are expected to live an austere life focused on the study of Buddhist doctrine, the practice of meditation, and the observance of good moral character. The relative degree of emphasis on meditation or study has often been debated in the Buddhist community. Many continued to keep a relationship with their original families.
A Bhikkhu or Bhikkhuni first ordains as a "Samanera" (novice) for a year or more. There are some conditions which must be met in order to be allowed into Buddhist monaticism, such as age between 7 to 70 and haven't broken sīla in some manners when undertaking them. Male novices often ordain at a very young age, but generally no younger than 8. Women usually choose to ordain as adults, since there is no expectation that they do so in childhood. Samaneras live according to the Ten Precepts, but are not responsible for living by the full set of monastic rules, vinaya. Higher ordination, conferring the status of a full Bhikkhu or Bhikkhuni, is usually given only to those 20 or older. Women monastics follow a similar progression, but are required to live as Samaneras for a longer period of time, typically five years. In Thailand, monks are considered well supported by the community, and in return the monks offer guidance in life and in the Dharma. They can give the Bhikkhu or Bhikkhuni vows back and return to non-monastic living. According to the vinaya, the sangha should not accept a former Bhikkhuni to retake these vows, and for Bhikkhu up to taking three or seven times in a life. Breaking some important vinaya in manners according to the Vinaya Pitaka would not be accepted for monasticism again for a lifetime. In Burma, Taiwan and Hong Kong, sometimes there are short term 
monastic ordination available to lay buddhists to take some vows may be for a week or a month. In Thailand such arrangements are currently available for male only.
The disciplinary regulations for monks and nuns are intended to create a life that is simple and focused, rather than one of deprivation or severe asceticism. Celibacy is of primary importance in monastic discipline, seen as being the preeminent factor in separating the life of a monastic from that of a householder.[http://www.buddhanet.net/e-learning/buddhistworld/layguide.htm] Depending on the tradition and the strictness of observation, monastics may eat only one meal a day, provided either by direct donations of food from lay supporters, or from a monastery kitchen that is stocked (and possibly staffed) by lay supporters.
Unlike Christian monastics, Buddhist monastics are not required to live a life of obedience to a superior. However, it is expected that monastics will offer respect to senior members of the Sangha (in Thai tradition, seniority is based on the number of rains retreats, vassas, that one has been ordained). The Buddha did not appoint a successor, nor did he specify rules mandating obedience in the monastic code. Individual groups of monastics are expected to make decisions collectively through regular gatherings of the community, at which decisions regarding violations of monastic rules and the dispositions of communal property are to be made. Individual relationships of teacher/student, senior/junior, and preceptor/trainee may be observed among groups of monastics, but there are no formal positions, nor is there any authority to give orders or commands invested in senior monks. An abbess or abbot, typically a senior monastic still young enough to be active, is usually responsible for the day-to-day administration of the monastery, and may appoint others to assist with the work. In some traditions, the abbess/abbot is chosen by a vote of the monastics in a monastery. In other traditions (Thailand, for example), the abbot is chosen by the lay community.
Local variations.
Monastic practices vary significantly according to location. In part, this can be attributed to differences in the scriptural and doctrinal traditions that were received in different parts of the Buddhist world. Additionally, local concessions to social, geographical, and climatic conditions have been adopted by most monastic orders in order to smooth the integration of monks into local communities, and to ensure that monks live in a safe and reasonable manner. In cold climates, for instance, monks are permitted to own and wear additional clothing not specified in the scriptures. In areas where begging rounds are impossible (due to traffic, geography, or disfavor by the lay community), monks more commonly employ a kitchen staff of monks or lay followers who are responsible for providing meals for the community.
Although there were a number of distinct vinaya traditions or ordination lineages, only three have survived to the present day: the Theravāda, Dharmaguptaka, Mūlasarvāstivāda.
Tibet.
In Tibet, before the Communist invasion in the late 1940s and early 1950s, more than half of the country's male population was ordained. Today, this is no longer the case. While generally adhering to a Mahayana tradition that advocates the virtues of vegetarianism, Tibetan monks generally eat meat as a concession to climatic conditions that make a plant-based diet largely unfeasible. Tibetan monks follow the Mūlasarvāstivāda vinaya lineage.
Lamas who take bhikṣu vows are not allowed to marry. The Nyingma school includes a mixture of bhikṣus and non-celibate ngakpas, and it is not unusual for lamas to wear robes closely resembling monastic garb despite them not being bhikṣus. Sakya school does not allow monks to get close to women after they have sons. Gelug school emphasized Vinaya ethics and monastic discipline; Choekyi Gyaltsen refused to wear monk clothing after he married. Kagyu monks are also required to return to non-monastic life to marry.
East Asia.
In East Asia, monastics live in greater isolation from the lay population than is observed in most Theravada countries. Because of local conditions of geography and climate, as well as local attitudes towards begging, monks generally do not make begging rounds in China, Korea, Vietnam, and many parts of Japan. Instead, monasteries receive donations of bulk food (such as rice) and funds for the purchase of food that is then stored and prepared at the monastery. Many monks and nuns are vegetarians and, after Baizhang Huaihai, many monks farm food to eat; some work or sell. Most eat after noon. The management of the kitchen and monastery properties may be the purview of a specially designated layman or a monk who has been given a special role by the abbot of the monastery. Monks chant many mantras in regular living. Buddhist monks and nuns lived together in China in Lingshansi (河南信阳灵山寺), Luming'an (河南固始九华山妙高寺鹿鸣庵), Hong'ensi (重庆鸿恩寺), Ciyunsi (重庆慈云寺), Sandingsi (西藏山南桑丁寺), Chahuasi (云南茶花寺)
Monastics in Japan are particularly exceptional in the Buddhist tradition because the monks and nuns can marry after receiving their higher ordination. This idea is said to be introduced by Saichō, the founder of the Tendai school, who preferred ordaining monks under the Bodhisattva vows rather than the traditional Vinaya. There had long been many instances of Jōdo Shinshū priests and priestesses marrying, influenced by the sect's founder Shinran, but it was not predominant until a government Nikujiku Saitai Law (肉食妻帯) was passed during the Meiji Restoration that monks or priests of any Buddhist sect are free to seek wives. This practice influenced Korea and Taiwan. A nun in Taiwan gave birth. Some Korean monks live with wives in their monasteries.
Monks of some Chinese lay Buddhist sects may marry,
Southeast Asia.
In Sri Lanka, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, and Myanmar, where the Theravada school is dominant, there is a long tradition of temporary ordination. During a school break, many young men usually ordain for a week or two to earn merit for loved ones and to gain knowledge of Buddhist teachings. In most countries, this temporary ordination occurs during the vassa retreat, which is regarded as a period of intensified spiritual effort by local Buddhists. Men in Thailand typically ordain only before being married; men in Laos and Myanmar could traditionally return to the monastery from time to time after being married, provided that they secured their wives' permission. Theravada monks are also most likely to engage in traditional practices of collecting alms, although the urbanization of parts of Southeast Asian (particularly Thailand) has presented a challenge to this practice.
In Thailand, where the Buddhist institution has traditionally been closely associated with the government and the institution of kingship, a more hierarchical structure has evolved to deal with the administration and regulation of monasteries. This system initially stemmed from a system of royal patronage, in which monks who were appointed the abbots of 'royal monasteries' (those endowed and supported by members of the royal family) were accorded greater respect than those who headed more conventional monasteries. This system remained fairly unstructured until the modernisation efforts of the 19th century, during which a more formal system of governance was created by the central government. Modern Thai monks are ranked according to their ability to pass examinations in Buddhist doctrine and the Pali language, and are appointed to successively higher positions in the ecclesiastic hierarchy on the basis of these exams, as well as their support among influential members of the royal family and government. Local affairs continue to be handled primarily by the local monastic and lay community, but nationwide efforts (such as curriculum decisions for monastic schools, and the authoritative form of scriptures and rituals) are typically made by the central hierarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="2918825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918825" title="Eurydice of Egypt">
Eurydice of Egypt

Eurydice (in Greek Eυρυδικη) was the daughter of Antipater and the wife of Ptolemy I Soter, who was thought to be the son of Lagus, a Macedonian nobleman, or the illegitimate son of Philip II of Macedon (which, if true, would have made Ptolomy half-brother to Alexander the Great). The period of her marriage is not mentioned by any ancient writer, but it is probable that it took place shortly after the partition of Triparadisus, and the appointment of Antipater to the regency in 321 BC. 
She was the mother of three sons: Ptolemy Keraunos, Meleager, who succeeded his brother on the throne of Macedonia and a third child, whose name is unknown, who was put to death by Ptolemy II Philadelphus, who was the illegitimate son of Ptolemy I Soter and Bernice. Eurydice also had two daughters; Ptolemais, who married Demetrius I of Macedon (who was also married to Eurydice's sister Phila, and Lysandra, the wife of Agathocles,who was the son of Lysimachus and Nicaea. Ptolemy I Soter, according to the customs of the day, had several concubines and latterly neglected Euydice for Berenice. It was probably from resentment on this account, and for the preference shown to the children of Berenice, that she withdrew from the court of Ptolemaic Egypt. In 287 BC she was residing at Miletus, where she welcomed Demetrius I of Macedon, and gave him her daughter for marriage. This was a great offense to Ptolemy I Soter as he and Demetrius were political enemies, having fought wars against each other, and Demetrius having conquered and captured much of Ptolemy's sovereign.

</doc>
<doc id="2918830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918830" title="Doomsday cult">
Doomsday cult

Doomsday cult is an expression used to describe groups who believe in Apocalypticism and Millenarianism, and can refer both to groups that prophesy catastrophe and destruction, and to those that attempt to bring it about. The expression was first used by sociologist John Lofland in his 1966 study of a group of members of the Unification Church of the United States in California, "". A classic study of a group with cataclysmic predictions had previously been performed by Leon Festinger and other researchers, and was published in his book "When Prophecy Fails: A Social and Psychological Study of a Modern Group that Predicted the Destruction of the World". 
Referring to his study, Festinger and later other researchers have attempted to explain the commitment of members to their associated doomsday cult, even after the prophecies of their leader have turned out to be false. Festinger explained this phenomenon as part of a coping mechanism called dissonance reduction, a form of rationalization. Members often dedicate themselves with renewed vigor to the group's cause after a failed prophecy, and rationalize with explanations such as a belief that their actions forestalled the disaster, or a belief in the leader when the date for disaster is postponed. 
Some researchers believe that the use of the term by the government and the news media can lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy, in which actions by authorities reinforces the apocalyptic beliefs of the group, which in turn can inspire further controversial actions. Group leaders have themselves objected to comparisons between one group and another, and parallels have been drawn between the concept of a self-fulfilling prophecy and the theory of a deviancy amplification spiral.
Etymology.
The term "doomsday cult" was first used in the title of a 1966 scholarly study of a group of Unification Church members by John Lofland, entitled: "". Lofland published his findings in 1964 as a doctorial thesis entitled: "The World Savers: A Field Study of Cult Processes," and in 1966 in book form by Prentice-Hall. It is considered to be one of the most important and widely cited studies of the process of religious conversion, and one of the first modern sociological studies of a new religious movement. James Richardson writes in the "Encyclopedia of Religion and Society" that after the publication of Lofland's work, "The term "doomsday cult" has become a part of everyday parlance, used by the media to refer to apocalyptic religious groups."
Theories about doomsday cults.
In "Globalisation and the Future of Terrorism", Brynjar Lia notes that "Doomsday cults are nothing new," but also states that they are "relatively few." Lia cites the mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple at Jonestown, Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, the use of salmonella as a poison by followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, and actions of Aum Shinrikyo as examples, noting that: "...during the past decades one has witnessed a number of increasingly violent doomsday sects, inflicting mass violence on their members and, in rare cases, also on outsiders." 
In his book "Nuclear Terrorism", Graham T. Allison also cites Aum Shinrikyo and the Branch Davidians as examples of doomsday cults, but notes that "..only a handful can be considered dangerous." "The 9/11 Commission Report" of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States also referred to Aum Shinrikyo as a doomsday cult, as did an article published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In "Ashes of Faith", physician Robert Bwire describes the March 17, 2000 deaths involving the Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God as the largest of its kind in recent history.
In "Mystics and Messiahs", Jenkins writes that as a result of events between 1993 and 1997 including the Waco Siege involving the Branch Davidians, violence involving the Order of the Solar Temple, Aum Shinrikyo's sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway, and the Heaven's Gate incident, "Reporting on so-called doomsday cults became a mainstay of the media, just as satanic cults had been a decade before." However, Jenkins regards the Order of the Solar Temple as more of an example of organized crime than a doomsday cult, and believes that there is a certain polemic surrounding use of the term itself. 
In "Yakuza: Japan's Criminal Underworld", the authors also make a comparison to organized crime, writing that Aum Shinrikyo "..often resembled a profit-hungry racketeering gang more than a fanatic doomsday cult." In James R. Lewis' "The Order of the Solar Temple", he writes that the media made use of the term doomsday cult to characterize the movement, though former members and outsiders did not know what kind of event would occur. 
In his book "Politeia: Visions of the Just Society", Eric Carlton debates whether or not the term is appropriate to describe these types of groups. Carlton writes that the event is only seen as a "doomsday" for the "wicked and unrepentant," whereas members of the group itself often regard it as a "day of deliverance," or a "renewal of the world." He regards these groups as "the ultimate in exclusivity," and while the future will be bleak for nonbelievers due to an unforeseen cataclysm, members of the group are promised existence in a new utopia. 
Psychological dynamics.
A psychological study by Festinger, Riecken, and Schachter found that people turned to a cataclysmic world view after they had repeatedly failed to find meaning in mainstream movements. Leon Festinger and his colleagues had observed members of the group for several months, and recorded their conversations both prior to and after a failed prophecy from their charismatic leader. The group had organized around a belief system which foretold that a majority of the Western Hemisphere would be destroyed by a cataclysmic flood on December 21, 1955. Their work was later published in the book "When Prophecy Fails: A Social and Psychological Study of a Modern Group that Predicted the Destruction of the World".
Prophecies and predictions.
Social scientists have found that while some group members will leave after the date for a doomsday prediction by the leader has passed uneventfully, others actually feel their belief and commitment to the group strengthened. Often when a group's doomsday prophecies or predictions fail to come true, the group leader will simply set a new date for impending doom, or predict a different type of catastrophe on a different date. Niederhoffer and Kenner say: "When you have gone far out on a limb and so many people have followed you, and there is much "sunk cost," as economists would say, it is difficult to admit you have been wrong." 
In "Experiments With People: Revelations from Social Psychology", Abelson, Frey and Gregg explain this further: "..continuing to proselytize on behalf of a doomsday cult whose prophecies have been disconfirmed, although it makes little logical sense, makes plenty of psychological sense if people have already spent months proselytizing on the cult's behalf. Persevering allows them to avoid the embarrassment of how wrong they were in the first place." The common-held belief in a catastrophic event occurring on a future date can have the effect of ingraining followers with a sense of uniqueness and purpose. In addition, after a failed prophecy members may attempt to explain the outcome through rationalization and dissonance reduction. 
Explanations may include stating that the group members had misinterpreted the leader's original plan, that the cataclysmic event itself had been postponed to a later date by the leader, or that the activities of the group itself had forestalled disaster. In the case of the Festinger study, when the prophecy of a cataclysmic flood was proved false, the members pronounced that their faith in God had prevented the event. They then proceeded to attempt to convert new members with renewed strength.
Effects of characterization.
Some see the use of the term itself as a self-fulfilling prophecy, where the characterization of being called a doomsday cult may actually affect the outcome of violent events related to the group. The "Canadian Security Intelligence Service Report on Doomsday Religious Cults" reported:
Sanctions applied by authorities are often interpreted by a movement as hostile to its existence, which reinforces their apocalyptic beliefs and leads to further withdrawal, mobilization and deviant actions, and which in turn elicits heavier sanctions by authorities. This unleashes a spiral of amplification, as each action amplifies each action, and the use of violence is facilitated as the group believes this will ultimately actualize its doomsday scenario."
Eileen Barker has compared these concepts to the notion of a deviancy amplification spiral in the media and its effects on new religious movements, and James Richardson has also discussed this effect. In the case of the Concerned Christians, use of the term "doomsday cult" as a characterization of the group served as a justification for deportation of its members by the Israeli government. 
In the book "The Copycat Effect: How the Media and Popular Culture Trigger the Mayhem in Tomorrow's Headlines", author Loren L. Coleman discusses the effect the media can have on the seemingly innocuous intentions of a French doomsday cult. On September 5, 2002, Arnaud Mussy told his followers based in Nantes, France to look forward to voyagers from Venus who would collect them before the end of the world on October 24, 2002. Though Mussy denied any plans for a mass suicide, both police and the media drew parallels to the Order of the Solar Temple. In "Apocalypse Observed", authors Hall, Schuyler and Trinh discuss the effect the media had on the events surrounding the Order of the Solar Temple group.

</doc>
<doc id="2918833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918833" title="Miroslav Matušovič">
Miroslav Matušovič

Miroslav Matušovič (born 2 November 1980) is a Czech footballer. He is an attacking midfielder, left winger or second striker, who last played for Apollon Limassol. His strengths are his dangerous left-foot, dribbling skills and pace.
He started his career in Havířov. In 1996 - 2005 he played for FC Baník Ostrava. In January 2005 he signed a contract with Sparta Prague. Matušovič scored a goal in his first UEFA Champions League appearance against Ajax Amsterdam on 28 September 2005. In the summer of 2009 he left Sparta and went to Cyprus to play for Apollon Limassol. In 2011 he signed a short-term contract at boyhood club Havířov, playing in the Czech Fourth Division, but in July of the same year he returned to Limassol on a new contract.
Honours.
With Baník Ostrava:

</doc>
<doc id="2918834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918834" title="Baitadi District">
Baitadi District

Baitadi District (), historical name “Bairath” (बैराथ), a part of Mahakali zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Baitadi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,519 km2 and has a population of 250,898 according to the census( 2011). The Baitadi district entails 62 village development councils (VDCs) and one municipality. Baitadi falls into the farthest western regional district of Nepal touching Jhulaghat, India, to its border. Being parts of Kumaun then Baitadi was ruled by Chand kings of Kumaun before 1791 and then after it became part of Nepal.
History.
Baitadi was once a part of Great Katyuri's Kingdom and after fall of that Kingdom around 10th century, Khas King Ashok Challa of "Sapadalaksh" (Karnali Zone or Dullu, Dailekh) seized the most of the part of Katyuri's Kingdom including Baitadi. There were three major centre of Khas King ie, (1) Bairath (Baitadi) (2) Kamadesh (kali kumaun) and (3) Kedarbhumi (Garhwal) to rule in a Central Himalaya . According to the historical folk-tales in Baitadi it was one of the Chand Kings who fought with Khas king and established a sovereign state for Chand dynasty in Baitadi. This tales resembled to historical story of establishment of Kumaun Kingdom. One view of Historians of Uttarakhand suggested that It was Thohar Chand who was responsible to establish Chand dynasty in Kali-Kumaun Who changed his name to Abhai Chand after he became a King. Badri Dutt Pandey written histoty of Kumaun has quoted following story about the history of Kumaun . 
""Kanaknidhi Tiwari, Son of Jay Dev Tiwari and Pandit Harivallabh Pandey had told to Mr. Hamilton at Farrukhabad in 1818 A.D That Thohar Chand on arriving from Jhusi served in the palace of some Magar or Jar (Jat ?) King of Nepal. Jaya Dev was also with him.That state was under Karvirpur Kingdom. Thohar Chand and Jay Dev with the help of more people of plain destroyed that kingdom and established Champawati and Kurmanchal Kingdom which latter on famous as Kumaoun. He didn't tell the Date but only told that it was about 350 years before.""
Gyan Chand (1376 A.D) was first ruler of Chand Dynasty of Champawat who was third generation from Thohar chand or Abhai Chand. Gyan Chand's grand father Trilok Chand and Father Kalyan Chand was a ruler of Baitadi according to folk tales. It means first centre or capital of Kumaoun Kingdom may had formed in Baitadi which latter transformed to Champawat.
The Name of the Kings who ruled in Baitadi were ;
Thohar- Ahai Chand (1261-1281 AD)
Trilok Chand
Kalyan Chand
Gyan Chand (1376 AD)
karm Chand
Bharati Chand
Ratan Chand
Megh Chand (1503 AD)
kirti Chand
kalyan Chand
Rudra chand (1580 AD)
Laxman Chand
Dilip Chand
Vijay Chand
Trimal Chand
Baj Bhadur Chand
Udyot Chand
Gyan Chand- II (1706 AD)
Jagat Chand
Debi Chand
kalyan Chand- II (1731AD)
Deep Chand
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census, Baitadi district has a population of 250,898 with absentee population of 21,038 roughly equal to the nation of Vanuatu. Baitadi district has a sex ratio of 87.95 with 133,491 of female population. 
Headquarters.
Baitadi is a headquarters of Baitadi which consists of gothalapani, garhi.
Baitadi has many creeks and rivers; it also touches the big river named Mahakali.
Baitadi has many possibilities of mining and also it contains big sources of uranium tested on many rivers of Baitadi.
Village development committees and municipality in Baitadi.
Amchaur, 
Barakot, 
Basantapur, 
Basuling, 
Bhatana, 
Bhumeswor, 
Bijayapur, 
Bilaspur, 
Bumiraj, 
Chadeu, 
Chaukham, 
Dasharathchand Municipality, 
Dehimandau, 
Deulek, 
Dhikarim, 
Dhikasintad, 
Dhungad, 
Dilasaini, 
Durga Bhabani, 
Durgasthan, 
Gajari, 
Giregada, 
Gokuleswor, 
Gujar, 
Gurukhola, 
Gwallek, 
Hat, Nepal, 
Hatraj, 
Jogannath, 
Kaipal, 
Kataujpani, 
Kotila, 
Kotpetara, 
Kulau, 
Kuwakot, 
Mahadevsthan, 
Mahakali, 
Maharudra, 
Malladehi, 
Mathraj, 
Maunali, 
Melauli, 
Nagarjun, 
Nwadeu, 
Nwali, 
Pancheswor, 
Patan, 
Raudidewal, 
Rauleswor, 
Rudreswor, 
Sakar, 
Salena, 
Sankar, 
Sarmali, 
Shibanath, 
Shikharpur, 
Shivaling, 
Shree Kedar, 
Siddhapur, 
Siddheswor, 
Sikash, 
Silanga, 
Sreekot, 
Talladehi, 
Thalakanda, 
Thalegada, 
Tripurasundari, 
Udayadeb, Gothalapani, Markandgoun
Sports.
Cricket is a very popular sport in Baitadi, and Baitadi has been wining many regional competitions; Baitadi is also promoting women's cricket.
"Geer" is a ball made from socks and played by small kids.
Village women play gotta (the game played with five small stones).
Agriculture.
Corn and wheat are the main products of this region, but millet maize and rice is also grown for substantial use; commercial farming is not popular in this region.
Some fruits are also exported to nearby headquarters ″Bhimdattanagarpalika″ and ″Dhangadhi″. The fruits mainly include mandarins, oranges, lemons, and sometimes emblica too, which is found in both domesticated as well as wild forests.
Sapindus or soapnut is also grown, which is used for washing clothes and body too. Sapindus is also exported to nearby towns.
Festivals, cultures and religions.
Gaura Parva [http://beautifulfarwestnepal.blogspot.com.au/2013/03/gaura-festival.html] is the main festival of Baitadi; it is also a national holiday in Nepal.
Besides this there are many festivals like Bishpati, where the brothers and sisters-in-laws have a funny fight using water and stinging nettle (sisnu). Narhari, where they give food to the crow, is a different festival from Kag Tihar.
A special song is sung during the marriage ceremony, which is called "Sagun".
Dashain and Tihar are also equally celebrated like the rest of the places in Nepal.
Deuda songs are very popular in Baitadi.
Many location wise jat, khel and mela are done 
such as dehmandu ki jat, khollekh ko khel, purchudi ko khel, gokulya ki mela etc.
Superstitions.
Many male buffaloes are sacrificed during dashain to the god in the belief that god will look after us.
Goats are also sacrificed if believed that the god is causing trouble to us; also, women are not considered equal part of society due to the lack of education. During the menstruation women are kept separate and made untouchable at some part of the Baitadi District, which is gradually decreasing due to education, and there are different castes of people, and some castes are still considered lower and untouchables, again due to the lack of education. Water is used to purify if touched the so-called lower-caste people, and cow piss (gahut) is used to purify from menstrual and pregnant women.

</doc>
<doc id="2918837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918837" title="Bajhang District">
Bajhang District

Bajhang District (, a part of Seti Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Chainpur as its district headquarters, covers an area of 3,422 km² and has a population (2001) of 167,026.
Towns and villages.
Banjh
Bagthala
Bhairab Nath
Bhamchaur
Bhatekhola
Byasi
Chaudhari
Dahabagar
Dangaji
Dantola
Daulichaur
Deulekh
Deulikot
Dhamena
Gadaraya
Jaya Prithvi Municipality
Kadal
Kailash
Kalukheti
Kanda
Kaphalaseri
Khiratadi
Koiralakot
Kot Bhairab
Kotdewal
Lamatola
Lekhgaun
Majhigaun
Malumela
Mashdev
Matela
Maulali
Melbisauni
Parakatne
Patadewal
Pauwagadhi
Pipalkot
Rayal
Rilu
Sainpasela
Sunikot
Sunkuda
Surma
Syandi
Thalara

</doc>
<doc id="2918840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918840" title="Bajura District">
Bajura District

Bajura District (), a part of Seti Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Martadi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,188 km² and had a population of 108,781 in 2001 and 136,948 in 2011.
Towns and villages.
Atichaur
Baddhu
Barhabise
Bichhiya
Bramhatola
Budhiganga
Chhatara
Dahakot
Dogadi
Gotree
Gudukhati
Jagannath
Jayabageswori
Jugada
Kailashmandau
Kanda
Kolti
Kotila
Kuldeumadau
Manakot
Martadi
Pandusain
Rugin
Sappata
Tolidewal
Wai

</doc>
<doc id="2918841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918841" title="Insightec">
Insightec

InSightec Ltd., founded in 1999, is a privately held company owned by Elbit Medical Imaging, GE Healthcare, private investors and employees. InSightec was founded specifically to develop MR (magnetic resonance) guided Focused Ultrasound technology. Headquartered in Tirat Carmel near Haifa, Israel, with US headquarters in Dallas Texas, the company has over 160 employees.
Technology.
InSightec developed ExAblate 2000 – a surgical system that combines Magnetic resonance imaging and Focused Ultrasound to non-invasively treat tumors inside the body without the need for incisions. During this outpatient procedure, the patient lies inside an MRI scanner, which provides three-dimensional images of the diseased tissue and surrounding area, enabling precise guidance of the ultrasound waves. High intensity focused ultrasound waves are then directed into the body at specific tissue, raising the temperature of the targeted tissue to 65 to 85 degrees Celsius, destroying it. The imaging capabilities of the MRI scanner provide real-time feedback on all aspects of the procedure which gives the physician a high degree of control over its therapeutic outcome.
ExAblate 2000 has been approved to treat uterine fibroids, and is currently in use in the US, Israel, Europe and Asia. Clinical trials are being conducted to evaluate ExAblate for treatment of other diseases such as breast, liver, bone and brain cancers.

</doc>
<doc id="2918846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918846" title="Banke District">
Banke District

Banke District (, a part of "Bheri" zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, located in the Mid-Western Region with "Nepalganj" as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,337 km² and had a population of 385,840 in 2001 and 491,313 in 2011.
Geography and Climate.
Banke is bordered on the west by "Bardiya district". "Rapti zone's" "Salyan" and "Dang Deukhuri Districts" border to the north and east. To the south lies "Uttar Pradesh", India; specifically "Shravasti" and "Bahraich districts" of "Awadh". East of Nepalganj the international border follows the southern edge of the "Dudhwa Range" of the "Siwaliks".
Most of the district is drained by the "Rapti", except the district's western edge is drained by the "Babai". Rapti and Babai cross into Uttar Pradesh, India and eventually join the "Karnali", whose name has changed to "Ghaghara".
Village Development Committees and Municipalities.
Bageswarisudevapur, 
Baijapur, 
Belahari, 
Belbhar, 
Betahani, 
Bhawaniyapur,
Binauna, 
Chisapani, 
Ganapur, 
Gangapur,
Hirminiya, 
Holiya,
Indrapur, 
Jaispur, 
Kalaphanta, 
Kamdi, 
Kanchanapur, 
Kathkuiya, 
Khajura Khurda, 
Khaskarkado, 
Khaskusma, 
Kohalpur, 
Laxmanpur, 
Mahadevpuri, 
Manikapur, 
Matahiya, 
Narainapur, 
Naubasta, 
Nepalganj, 
Parsapur, 
Phatepur, 
Piparhawa, 
Puraina, 
Puraini, 
Radhapur, 
Rajhena, 
Raniyapur, 
Saigaun, 
Samserganj, 
Sitapur, 
Sonapur, 
Titahiriya, 
Udarapur, 
Udayapur

</doc>
<doc id="2918852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918852" title="Bara District">
Bara District

Bara District (, lies the Narayani Zone. It is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Kalaiya as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,190 km² and has a population (2001) of 559,135. Bakaiya,Jamuniya,Pasaha, Dudhaura and Bangari are the main rivers of Bara.and there is also too many small riverGamahariya (Dakshin Jhitkaiya) is one of the villages of Bara District which is situated near the border area of India.
The main languages spoken in Bara are Bhojpuri, Bajjika, Hindi-Urdu, Maithili, Nepali, Marwari,etc. .
Simraungarh is major part of Bara district. It is historical place in Nepal . Simraungarh is famous for agriculture product in Nepal.
The people grow fish, wheat, Corn, green vegetable (cauliflower, tomato, Banana (raw), Beetroot, Bitter Gourd, Bottle Gourd, Brinjal, Cabbage, Carrot, Cauliflower, Chilli (green), Chilli (dry red), Arbi Coriander leaves, Cucumber, potato, etc.)
Village Development Committees and Municipalities.
Amarpatti,
Amlekhganj, 
Amritganj, 
Avab, 
Babuain, 
Bachhanpurwa, 
Badaki Fulbariya, 
Bagadi, 
Bahuari, 
Balirampur, 
Bandhuwan, 
Banjariya,
Barainiya,
Barawa,
Bariyarpur, 
Basantpur,
Batara, 
Beldari, 
Benauli, 
Bhagwanpur,
Bhaluyee Arwaliya, 
Bhatauda,
Bhaudaha, 
Bhuluhi Marwaliya, 
Bishnupur,
Bishnupurwa, 
Bishrampur, 
Biswambharpur,
Brahmapuri, 
Buniyad,
Chhatawa,
Dahiyar,
Dewapur, 
Dharma Nagar, 
Dohari,
Fattepur,
Gadhahal,
Ganj Bhawanipur, Gadimai
Golaganj, 
Haraiya,
Hardiya,
Hariharpur, 
Inarwamal,
Inarwasira,
Itiyahi, 
Jhitakaiya, 
Kabahigoth,
Kabahijabdi,
Kachorwa,
Kakadi,
Kalaiya Municipality,
Karahiya,
Khopawa,
Khutwajabdi,
Kolhabi,
Kudawa,
Laxmipur Kotwali, 
Lipanimal,
Madhurijabdi,
Mahendra Adarsha, 
Maheshpur, 
Maini, 
Majhariya,
Manaharwa,
Matiarwa,
Motisar,
Naktuwa,
Narahi,
Nijgadh Municipality,
Pakadiya Chikani,
Paparpati Ek, 
Paparpati Jabdi,
Parsurampur,
Paterwa,
Patharhati,
Pathora,
Pheta,
Piparpati Dui,
Piparpati Parchrouwa,
Pipra Basantapur,
Piprabirta,
Pipradhi Goth, 
Prasauni,
Prasona,
Prastoka,
Purainiya,
Raghunathpur,
Rampur Tokani, 
Rampurwa, 
Rauwahi,
Sapahi,
Shreenagar Bairiya, 
Sihorwa,
Sinhasani,
Sisahaniya, 
Tedhakatti, 
Telkuwa,
Terariya,
Uchidiha, 
Umarjan

</doc>
<doc id="2918853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918853" title="Rock and Roll All Nite">
Rock and Roll All Nite

"Rock and Roll All Nite" is a song by Kiss, originally released on their 1975 album "Dressed to Kill". It was released as the A-side of their fifth single, with the album track "Getaway." The studio version of the song peaked at No. 57 on the "Billboard" singles chart, besting the band's previous charting single, "Kissin' Time" (#79). A subsequent live version, released as a single in October 1975, eventually reached No. 12 in early-1976, the first of six Top 20 songs for Kiss in the 1970s. "Rock and Roll All Nite" became Kiss's most identifiable song and has served as the group's closing concert number in almost every concert since 1976. 
In 2008 it was named the 16th greatest hard rock song of all time by VH1. The members of Kiss were under intense pressure to put together their third album, 1975's "Dressed to Kill". They were abruptly called off tour to work on a follow-up to 1974's "Hotter Than Hell" when the album began to die on the charts - even though they had no new songs ready. The sessions were being produced by the head of their label Neil Bogart, who was upset that the band had yet to successfully capture the excitement of their live act on record and wanted to correct the problem himself. 
The band was being so rushed to come up with material that they dipped into their backlog of older songs, as well as write new ones during the day and record them immediately after. Bogart suggested that the band's head songwriters Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons, come up with an anthem that would serve as a rallying cry for Kiss and their fans - suggesting something akin to Sly & the Family Stone's "I Want to Take You Higher." While writing back at the hotel, Stanley came up with the line "I want to rock and roll all night, and party every day." After showing the new line to Simmons, he added parts from an older song, reportedly titled "Drive Me Wild." 
While it had a great singalong chorus, when the song was issued a single a few months later, it did not storm up the charts. With record label Casablanca in deep financial trouble, Kiss was thinking of leaving for another label, but on the insistence of the others, decided to issue a live album later in 1975 "Alive!". The excitement and energy of a Kiss show was captured perfectly by rock producer Eddie Kramer, and the song that benefited perhaps the most from the live setting was "Rock and Roll All Nite." The version was a bit longer than the studio take (including an Ace Frehley guitar solo that was absent from the original), but as Bogart hoped, it became an instant rallying cry and a hard rock classic, becoming a number 12 hit and pushing the album it was taken from straight up the charts.
Recording.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" was written by Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons while Kiss was still in Los Angeles, as part of their "Hotter Than Hell" tour although during the group's concert at Cobo Hall in Detroit on January 26, 1976, Stanley introduces it as a song that was written in and for Detroit. The tour ended early (February 1975), when Casablanca Records founder and president Neil Bogart ordered Kiss to return to the studio to record a follow up to "Hotter Than Hell", which had stalled on the charts and failed to meet Casablanca's sales expectations. One of Bogart's instructions to the band was to compose an anthem, something he felt the band needed. The song itself was inspired by the Slade song "Cum on Feel the Noize", and is often referred to as the Rock And Roll National Anthem (for instance, Stanley states during Kiss' performance at the 1996 MTV Video Music Awards that "there's only one nation, that's Kiss Nation, there's only one Rock & Roll national anthem: Rock and Roll All Nite, party everyday!")
They wrote the pre-chorus, Stanley wrote the chorus, and Simmons wrote the verses, borrowing parts of a song he had previously written, entitled "Drive Me Wild." The song was one of two the group recorded toward the end of the "Hotter Than Hell" tour, prior to returning to Electric Lady Studios for the proper "Dressed to Kill" recording sessions. For the choruses, the band and Bogart brought in a large group of outside contributors to sing and clap, including members of the Kiss road crew, studio musicians, and Peter Criss's wife Lydia. Some of the road crew used their jacket zippers to create sound.
Live performances.
While "Rock and Roll All Nite" would eventually become a fixture in Kiss's live performances, it was not inserted into the band's setlist immediately. Nor did it immediately replace "Let Me Go, Rock 'n' Roll" as the closing number. Kiss performed the song during the closing ceremonies for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City which proved to be Ace Frehley's final performance with Kiss to date. They also performed the song live with Adam Lambert during the season 8 finale of "American Idol", on May 20, 2009 at the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles.
Other versions.
The original version of the song, as it appears on "Dressed To Kill", does not have a guitar solo, while many later versions do have one. The "Kiss Unplugged" version features Ace Frehley and Bruce Kulick sharing the solo. The "Unplugged" version was released as a single and reached number 13 on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock Tracks. The original version also ends while fading away; all live versions end with the last notes of another "Dressed to Kill" song, "Getaway". The chorus of the "Alive!" version of the song is played at the beginning of "Detroit Rock City," from 1976's "Destroyer".
Appearances.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" has appeared on the following Kiss albums:
Cover versions.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" has been covered, among others, by:
Other media.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" is used in the video games ' (cover version), ', "Guitar Hero Smash Hits" (album version), "Karaoke Revolution Volume 2", "Stick Dudes Gone Wild: Rock Band", "Tony Hawk's Underground" ("Alive IV" version), and "Madden NFL 11". 
A live version of the song was made available to download on April 26, 2011 for play in "Rock Band 3" Basic, and PRO mode which utilizes real guitar / bass guitar, and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits / keyboards in addition to vocals.
The song is one of the all-time crowd favorites amongst Red Wings fans at Joe Louis Arena. In one incident during the 2009 Stanley Cup Finals, fans continued to sing the chorus even though the puck had dropped, which according to NHL rules state the music must be stopped. Mike Emrick commented on this on air during the NBC broadcast, "By league rules, the music must be stopped when play resumes, but that doesn't stop the fans from continuing it!"
The song is played in the beginning of the 1999 movie "Detroit Rock City" by the Kiss cover band Mystery. It also appears in a number of television series, including "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy". A bizarre polka version of this song was done on the television series "Full House" and "Wedding Band".
The song was prominently used in the 1993 movie "Dazed and Confused".
Poison version.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" was covered and released as a single by American rock band Poison from the soundtrack album "Less Than Zero" (released in 1987). It was released on a Poison album "" in 2006 and again on the cover album "Poison'd" in 2007.
At the start of "Nothin' But a Good Time" music video, Poison sings "Rock and Roll All Nite".

</doc>
<doc id="2918854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918854" title="Lambeth Council election, 2002">
Lambeth Council election, 2002

Elections to Lambeth London Borough Council were held on 2 May 2002. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes reducing the number of councillors by one since the last election in 1998. The Labour party lost overall control of the council.
Following the election, the Liberal Democrats and Conservatives formed a coalition to run the council with Cllr Peter Truesdale, Liberal Democrat, as Leader and Cllr John Whelan, Conservative, as Deputy Leader.

</doc>
<doc id="2918857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918857" title="Bardiya District">
Bardiya District

Bardiya District (), one of the seventy-five Districts of Nepal, is part of Bheri Zone and is headquartered at the city of Gulariya. The district covers an area of 2,025 km² and according to the 2001 census the population was 382,649, in 2011 it was 426,576.
Geography and Climate.
Bardiya lies in Bheri zone in the Mid-Western Region of Nepal. It covers 2025 square kilometers and lies west of Banke district, south of Surkhet district, east of Kailali district of Seti zone. To the south lies Uttar Pradesh, India; specifically the Lakhimpur and Bahraich districts of Awadh.
Most of Bardiya is in the fertile "Terai" plains, covered with agricultural land and forest. The northernmost part of the district extends into the "Churiya" or "Siwalik Hills". Bardiya National Park covers 968 km2 occupies most of the northern half of the district. This park is the largest undisturbed wilderness in Nepal's Terai. It provides forest, grassland and riverine habitat for engendered mammal, bird and reptile species. More than 30 species of mammals and more than 250 of birds have been recorded.
Most people living in this district are farmers. The district headquarters Gulariya lies on the "Babai River". The "Karnali", one of Nepal's largest rivers, divided into multiple branches when it reaches the Terai. The westernmost branch forms the boundary between Bardiya and Kailali districts. An eastern branch is called the "Geruwa". The endangered Gangetic dolphin was often seen in its waters, but populations have been declining. 
History.
Bardiya was part of Nepal before it was ceded to the British East India Company in Sugauli Treaty. Later during the administration of Jang Bahadur Rana it was returned to Nepal along with Banke, Kailali and Kanchanpur. In the early twentieth century, Bardiya was still covered with forest and sparsely populated with indigenous tribal people called "Tharu". Additional Tharus immigrated west from Dang and Deukhuri Valleys after they were displaced by Nepali from the hills. Later these hill people also migrated into Bardiya, however Tharu from Dang and Deukhuri still make up a majority of Bardiya's population. Other tribes called "Sonaha" live near the Karnali River and western periphery of Bardia National Park, who are historically engaged in extracting golden ores from sediments of river and fishing.
a poor village
Village Development Committees and Municipalities in Bardiya.
Badalpur, 
Baganaha, 
Baniyabhar, 
Belawa, 
Bhimapur,
Deudakala, 
Dhadhawar, 
Dhodhari, 
Gola, 
Gulariya Municipality,
Jamuni,
Kalika, 
Khairapur, 
Khairi Chandanpur, 
Magaragadi, 
Mahamadpur, 
Manau, 
Manpur Mainapokhar, 
Manpur Tapara,
Mathurahardwar, 
Motipur, 
Naya Gaun, 
Neulapur, 
Padanaha, 
Pasupatinagar, 
Patabhar, 
Rajapur Municipality, 
Saneshree, 
Sivapur, 
Sorhawa, 
Suryapatawa, 
Taratal, 
Thakudwara
See also.
Badalpur, Baganaha, Baniyabhar, Belawa, Bhimmapur, Daulatpur, Deudakala, Dhadhawar, Dhodhari, Gola, Gulariya municipality, Jamuni, Kalika, Khairi Chandanpur, Magaragadi, Mahamadpur, Manau, Mainapokhar, Manpur Tapara, Mathurahardwar, Motipur, Naya Gaun, Neulapur, Padanaha, Pasupatinagar, Patabhar, Rajapur, Sanoshree, Sivapur, Sorahawa, Suryapatawa, Taratal, Thakudwara

</doc>
<doc id="2918858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918858" title="The Fog (2005 film)">
The Fog (2005 film)

The Fog is a 2005 horror film directed by Rupert Wainwright and starring Tom Welling, Selma Blair and Maggie Grace. It is a remake of John Carpenter's 1980 film of the same name and was produced by Carpenter and Debra Hill who co-wrote the original film.
Plot.
In 1871, a wealthy leper named William Blake arranges to purchase half of Antonio Island, off the coast of Oregon, to establish a leper colony for his people. However, island residents Patrick Malone, Norman Castle, Richard Wayne and David Williams double-cross Blake. During a foggy night, they loot his clipper ship the "Elizabeth Dane" and set it on fire, killing all aboard. 134 years later, the residents of Antonio Island prepare to honor their founding fathersthe same men who burned the "Elizabeth Dane"and a statue of them is to be unveiled on the town's anniversary. During a boating trip, Nick Castle and his friend Spooner unwittingly disturb a bag containing a pocket-watch and a hairbrush from the "Elizabeth Dane" lying on the seabed.
That night, Nick meets his former girlfriend, Elizabeth Williams, who has returned after six months away. Elizabeth is shown the antique pocket-watch by Machen, an old man who found it washed up on the beach. He warns her ominously ""if you touch it, things will change."" The watch begins ticking as Elizabeth holds it. She sees a hallmark on it, which includes a set of scales. Supernatural occurrences then begin to plague the town. Objects move by themselves, power outages occur, and the windows in Nick's truck inexplicably shatter. Nick and Elizabeth then encounter drunken priest Father Malone, who is ranting about murderers and retribution. Meanwhile, at the local radio station, host Stevie Wayne gets a phone call from weatherman Dan about a large fog bank off the coast. Out at sea on Nick's boat, Spooner and Nick's cousin Sean are partying with two young women, Mandi and Jennifer. As the fog reaches them, the boat's engine stops and the instruments break. An old clipper ship appears in the fog next to them. Seemingly possessed, Jennifer draws a set of scales on a misted window inside the boat. Unseen forces then horrifically kill Mandi, Jennifer and Sean. At Nick's beach house, Elizabeth has been dreaming about the "Elizabeth Dane." She searches the Internet for information about the hallmark symbol she saw earlier, but her computer malfunctions and the word "Dane" appears on the screen. She hears a knock at the front door, goes outside but finds nothing. Walking down to the beach, the fog begins moving in but Nick brings her back inside.
The next day, Nick's Uncle Hank telephones him about the disappearance of his boat. Nick and Elizabeth sail out and find the vessel and the three corpses. Elizabeth goes into the hold and finds Spooner alive in a freezer. They return to the island where Mayor Tom MaloneFather Malone's fathersuspects Spooner of the murders. In the morgue, Sean's corpse briefly rises up and accosts Elizabeth. At the library, Elizabeth researches the scales symbol seen on the watch's hallmark. It represented an old trading colony north of Antonio Island, which was afflicted with leprosy. At the docks, Elizabeth finds the buried journal of Patrick Malone from 1871. She and Nick learn the story of the "Elizabeth Dane" and realize the founders built the town with the fortune they had stolen from the ship, but kept this secret from their families and the townsfolk.
The ghosts of the "Elizabeth Dane" seek revenge against Antonio Island's residents for the past crimes of its founding fathers. After killing Dan at the weather station, they pursue Stevie's son Andy and his Aunt Connie at home. Connie is killed but Nick and Elizabeth rescue Andy. In her car, Stevie is also attacked but escapes. They all make their way to the Town Hall where the founders' murderous secrets are exposed. The spirits kill Hank Castle, Kathy Williams and the Malones. The ghost of Blake then seeks Elizabeth. Despite being a descendant of David Williams, Elizabeth is the reincarnation of Blake's wife and was one of her ancestor's victims; hence, her mysterious dreams about the "Elizabeth Dane". Blake kisses Elizabeth and she transforms into a spirit and disappears as Nick watches helplessly. The next day, the survivors try to cope with their traumatic experiences and the truth about their ancestors. As Stevie reflects on the night's events with her listeners, Nick throws Patrick Malone's journal into the sea.
Production.
The original film's makers, John Carpenter and Debra Hill, expressed interest in remaking the original film on the film's DVD commentary. They are both credited as producers for the remake. The 2005 film was green-lit by Revolution Studios before the script was finished. Tom Welling had three weeks filming on the fourth season of his TV series "Smallville" when he started work on "The Fog". Selma Blair said that they kept two cameras running during Welling's scenes; one for "The Fog" and one for "Smallville". Blair performed almost all of her stunts and spent 12 hours in a water tank with only short surface breaks for two days to shoot her underwater scenes. StudioCanalwhich owns the rights to the original filmassisted in the film's production in exchange for French distribution rights.
Although set on an island off the Oregon coast, the location scenes were filmed in Canada. Some scenes were filmed around Cowichan Bay, most of the beach scenes were filmed in Tofino, and those of the town of Antonio Bay were filmed in Fort Langley; all in British Columbia. It was one of Hill's final projects before her death from cancer in 2005.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The film was not screened for critics before its release.
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 4% based on 68 reviews, and is the 66th worst reviewed film on the website. The site's critical consensus states, ""The Fog" is a so-so remake of a so-so movie, lacking scares, suspense or originality." Metacritic gave the film an average score of 27/100, based on 16 reviews.
"The Fog" was widely considered an unsuccessful remake of the original 1980 movie. The "The Hollywood Reporter" said the remake "lack the scares necessary to satisfy its target audience", and "Variety" said that "interest lags between the grisly deaths, and, worse, none of the characters generates rooting interest." The film was rated D- by Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly".
Box office.
In the US, "The Fog" grossed $11,752,917 on its opening weekend and secured the number one spot for that weekend due to a general decline in box office revenues at that time. Had the film opened with the same amount a year earlier, it would have only made fifth place. The film had a final domestic gross of $29,550,869, and a total worldwide gross of $46,201,432.

</doc>
<doc id="2918859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918859" title="James Bullough Lansing">
James Bullough Lansing

James Bullough Lansing (born James Martini, January 14, 1902 – September 24, 1949) was a pioneering audio engineer and loudspeaker designer who was most notable for establishing two audio companies that bear his name, Altec Lansing and JBL, the latter taken from his initials.
Biography.
Early years.
James Martini was born on January 14, 1902, in Greenridge, Nilwood Township, Macoupin County, Illinois to parents Henry Martini of St. Louis, Missouri, and Grace Erbs Martini of Central City, Illinois. His father was a coal mining engineer which meant the family moved around quite a bit in James' early years. He was the ninth of fourteen children. He lived for a short time with the Bullough family in Springfield, Illinois, and later took their name.
Lansing graduated eighth grade at Lawrence School in Springfield, Illinois, attended Springfield High School and also took courses at a small business college in Springfield.
At a young age he built a Leyden jar to play pranks on his friends. He also built crystal sets and a radio transmitter which was apparently powerful enough for the signal to reach Great Lakes Naval Station in Illinois. Lansing's transmitter was then dismantled when the Navy tracked the source down.
Lansing had worked as an automotive mechanic and attended an automotive school in Detroit courtesy of the dealer he worked for.
His mother died on November 1, 1924, when he was 21; he then left home. He met his future wife, Glenna Peterson, in Salt Lake City in 1925. At the time he was working for a radio station as an engineer. He also worked for the Baldwin loudspeaker company and met his future business partner, Ken Decker in the city.
Career.
Lansing and Decker moved to Los Angeles where they set up a business manufacturing loudspeakers. It was called the Lansing Manufacturing Company. Just before the company was registered on March 9, 1927 Lansing changed his name from James Martini to James Bullough Lansing at the suggestion of his future wife, Glenna. Most of his brothers had adopted the surname Martin, two of which (Bill and George) came to LA to work with him. 
Decker was killed in an airplane crash in 1939 and Lansing Manufacturing began to suffer financial difficulties without his business guidance. Altec Service Corporation bought Lansing Manufacturing in 1941, seeing the company as a valuable source for loudspeaker components. The combined company was named Altec Lansing. James B. Lansing was made VP of Engineering with a five-year contract. 
In 1946, Lansing left the company on the day his contract expired and started a new company called "Lansing Sound, Incorporated". Altec Lansing had a problem with that name's similarity to trademarked brands they had developed, so James Bullough Lansing renamed his new company "James B. Lansing Sound, Incorporated". Eventually, this became shortened to JBL on product branding and then officially as the company name.
James Lansing was noted as an innovative engineer, but a poor businessman. As a result of deteriorating business conditions and personal issues, he took his own life by hanging himself in his home in San Marcos on September 24, 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="2918864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918864" title="Tommy Ingebrigtsen">
Tommy Ingebrigtsen

Tommy "Tiger'n" Ingebrigtsen (born 8 August 1977 in Trondheim) is a former Norwegian ski jumper who represented Byåsen in Trondheim. He won the large hill competition at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1995 in Thunder Bay, Ontario at only 17 years of age. Ingebrigtsen also competed in two Winter Olympics, earning a bronze in the team large hill event at Turin in 2006.
Tommy, himself a rock guitarist, is the son of musician Dag Ingebrigtsen.

</doc>
<doc id="2918866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918866" title="Bhaktapur District">
Bhaktapur District

Bhaktapur district() located in the eastern part of Kathmandu valley, is the smallest among the seventy-five districts of Nepal. The district, with Bhaktapur as its district headquarters, covers an area of and in 2011 had a population of 304,651, of whom 9,701 people were absent (mostly working abroad).
Municipalities and VDCs.
Bhaktapur and Madhyapur Thimi are the only municipalities in the district, while there are no metropolitan cities. The sixteen VDCs include Bageswori, Balkot, Changunarayan, Chhaling, Chitpol, Dadhikot, Duwakot, Gundu, Jhaukhel, Kautunje, Nagarkot, Nankhel, Sipadol, Sirutar, Sudal, and Tathali.
Statistics.
Total Population 304,651
Male 154,884
Female 149,767
Sex ratio 103.4
No of household 68,636
Average household size 4.44
Area 119 square kilometres
Population density 2,560
See also.
Zones of Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="2918867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918867" title="The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom">
The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom

The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom (; in English, more accurately, The Adventures of Nicholas Experience), written in Polish in 1776 by Ignacy Krasicki, is the first novel composed in the Polish language, and a milestone in Polish literature.
Plot.
Krasicki's novel is the tale of Nicholas Experience ("Mikołaj Doświadczyński"), a Polish nobleman. During sojourns in Warsaw, Paris, and the fictional island of Nipu (based on Japan, known to natives as "Nippon"), the protagonist gathers numerous "experience"s that lead him to a rationalist outlook and teach him how to become a good man, and thus a good citizen. This rationalist outlook, often emphasized in Krasicki's writings, constitutes an apologia for the Enlightenment and physiocratism.
"The Adventures of Nicholas Experience" offers a portrayal both of the 18th-century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and of the broader European culture of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="2918868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918868" title="Gullah Jack">
Gullah Jack

Gullah Jack (died July 12, 1822), also known as Couter Jack and sometimes referred to as "Gullah" Jack Pritchard, was a Methodist, an African conjurer, and a slave to Paul Pritchard in Charleston, South Carolina. Little was known about his background, except that he was of Angolan origin and was shipped from Zanzibar to America under Zephaniah Kingsley's direction. Gullah Jack' is historically known for aiding a free black man named Denmark Vesey in planning a large slave rebellion that would become known as Denmark Vesey's slave conspiracy in 1822. Using his Africa-based influence, Gullah Jack recruited for Vesey's plot African-born slaves as soldiers and provided them with charms as protection against the "buckra" (whites). He is also said to have used his spiritual powers to terrify others into keeping silent about the conspiracy. Historians believe Jack's strong African culture, contrasted against Vesey's preaching, helped attract many of the slaves that joined the revolt. 
The Vesey plot involved taking over the state armory to arm rural slaves who would rise up and assist the others in revolt. The slaves would then kill the whites of Charleston, take the city, and finally use the city's ships to escape, supposedly, to Haiti, where slaves had overthrown the white government and now ruled. Eventually, the Vesey plot was leaked by other slaves that were coerced to confession. Consequently, South Carolina authorities hanged Vesey, Gullah Jack, and 34 other leading conspirators.

</doc>
<doc id="2918872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918872" title="John Roecker">
John Roecker

John Roecker is an independent filmmaker who is associated with the punk subculture. He currently resides in Los Angeles, California. Roecker is probably best known for "Live Freaky! Die Freaky!", a stop motion animated comedy based on the true crime book "Helter Skelter".
From 1996 to 1999, Roecker and Exene Cervenka co-owned Los Angeles store "You've Got Bad Taste." The store specialized in kitsch and various "off-color" novelties, such as paintings by serial killer and rapist John Wayne Gacy and an Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) wanted poster of bank robber Patty Hearst .
External links.
Articles
For "Live Freaky! Die Freaky!"

</doc>
<doc id="2918877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918877" title="Blue moon danio">
Blue moon danio

The blue moon danio, Devario xyrops, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Myanmar where it is found in a slow-moving, seasonally flowing river.

</doc>
<doc id="2918879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918879" title="Chitwan District">
Chitwan District

The Chitwan District ( is one of 75 Districts of Nepal, and is located in the western part of Narayani Zone with Bharatpur, the 5ifth largest city of Nepal, as its district headquarters. It covers an area of , and in 2011 had a population of 579,984 (279,087 male and 300,897 female) people. Bharatpur is a commercial and service centre of central south Nepal and merger destination for higher education, health care and transportation of the region.
The district takes its name from the Chitwan Valley, one of Nepal's Inner Terai valleys between the Mahabharat and Siwalik ranges, both considered foothills of the Himalayas.
Bharatpur is located on the banks of the Narayani River, and is the main town with numerous shopping zones where people come from all over the district and neighbouring districts.
Now there are about 40 Village Development Committees, each of which has nine wards or villages and one sub-Metropolitan city - Bharatpur and the municipality Ratnanagar each of which has more than nine wards or urban areas.
Chitwan is one of the few remaining undisturbed vestiges of the Terai region, which formerly extended over the foothills of Nepal.
Origin.
There are several predication on the origin of the name Chitwan. Some of the most satisfactory predications on the origin of its name are:
1. The name "Chitwan" is a composite of the Sanskrit words चित्त, transliterated "citta" meaning "heart" and वन, transliterated "vana" meaning "jungle" or "forest". Thus, the meaning of Chitwan is "Heart of the Jungle".
2. Chitwan was a dense forest ruled by the Tharu God/King Chitrasen Baba. He used to worship in the deep forest and ruled over his state. People believe him as the incarnation of Lord Vishnu. Still today,Tharu people worship his idol during "HariBodhini Ekadashi "in Chitrasari (Headquarters of Chitrasen Baba), way to Sauraha. Since the forest locally called ban (वन) was ruled by Lord Chitrasen, it was called Chitra Ban, later transliterated to "Chitwan".
3. Chitwan, still known as Dense Forest was a land of Leopard and Bengal Tiger. Leopard is locally called चित्रि according to Tharu language. Since the forest (वन) was densely populated by leopard or चित्रि, it was called the forest of Leopard called चित्रि वन (Chitri Ban), later transliterated to "Chitwan."
4. Chitwan, a land of aborigines "Tharus", were very rich in their art & drawings, & are still renowned for it. Their houses are decorated by religious drawings denoting different phases of history, culture and environment along that time. Since their homes in the forest were decorated with their drawings, locally called चित्र, the land was called चित्र वन (Chitra Ban), later transliterated to "Chitwan."
Chitwan was originally a dense forest ruled by Chitrsen Baba, where different RishiMunis came to have their meditation during ancient time with numbers of wild animals like Leopard & Bengal Tiger where aborigine people with different culture and lifestyle called Tharus lived.
Agriculture and industry.
The people inhabiting the Chitwan District are predominantly peasant farmers cultivating mainly food and cash crops such as rice, maize, wheat, beans, lentils, mustard and vegetables. The district is the major maize producing area in Nepal, with an area under maize cultivation of in the year 2003-04. Maize is cultivated on irrigated /seasonal irrigated land in winter and spring, and on rain fed land in summer. Due to an easy road access, maize produced can be easily distributed to other parts of the country. The poultry industry in the district constitutes a significant proportion of the country's poultry industry.
Chitwan is famous in Nepal for mustard growing and production of mustard oil. This popularity of the mustard in Chitwan is attributed to the predominant soil type silt, resulting from the flooding of the Narayani River and tributaries. Chitwan is also profusely spotted with clay lands, which are very good for growing rice, wheat and vegetables such as cabbage, cauliflower, radish, potato, broccoli, cucumbers, pumpkins, and carrot. Chitwan is also famous for floriculture, mushroom cultivation and bee keeping.
At present Bharatpur's largest business area, Narayangadh, is less accessible due to the movement of the main bus terminal due to the previous king's son's anger with the politics of the citizens of the city. This bus terminal is however no longer in use following a successful people's movement in 2006. It is believed that Nepali leftist revolutionary leader Prachanda spent his childhood and youth in Chitwan. Chitwan is adapting the New Community Movement South Korean model of development.
Cuisine.
Chitwan is very popular for tasty "Taas" () a spicy fried goat-meat lunch dish served with Bhuja or Cheura available in many restaurants. Momo, Sukuti Khaja Set and other Newa Cuisine also available. Dal bhat is the staple food of the area, and meat and dairy products are also widely consumed. For centuries, traditional fermented foods and beverages have constituted about 20 per cent of the local diet. Depending on altitudinal variation, finger millet, wheat, buckwheat, barley, vegetable, potato, and soybeans are grown.
Places of interest.
Chitwan has a particularly rich flora and fauna.
Nepal's first national park, the Chitwan National Park together with the adjacent Parsa Wildlife Reserve support a species diversity much higher than any other on the Indian subcontinent. Rare species include Bengal tiger, gharial and the world's second largest population of Asian Rhinoceros, but also leopards, Mugger crocodile, Indian rock python and several species of deer. The protected areas are guarded by a battalion of the Nepal Army and patrolled by anti-poaching units.
The Rapti River flows east to south west in the south of Bharatpur and forms the northern border of the Chitwan National Park. The Narayani River flows north to south in the west of Bharatpur. It is the deepest and also one of the biggest rivers of Nepal. The Narayani Bridge over the river connects Chitwan District with Nawalparasi District of Nepal. Small islands, like Nagarban in Narayani river are popular picnic spots.
Bish Hazari (20 Thousand) lake is in the southern corner of Bharatpur. The lake is very attractive for the bird lovers and serves as an important bird watching centre.The lake area houses lots of crocodiles and thus is equally attractive for the reptile lovers. The Lake Lies nearby Chitwan National Park. Bish hazari lake lies just south of the city centre (Chaubishkothi) of Bharatpur.
Das Dhunga is a famous place in Chitwan. The people's leader Madan Bhandari was killed there in an accident.
Narayangarh is the main shopping area of Bharatpur city, ward no.1,2,3,4 areas. Is the main transit point for all the vehicles traveling via east-west Mahendra Highway and also for the people traveling from Kathmandu, Gorkha, and Pokhara through Mugling road. Recently, Narayangarh has become a retail and commercial capital of whole Chitwan district and Bharatpur Municipality. It is also the center for hospitality industry which includes hotels, lodges, restaurants and transportation hub for the district.
Transportation and communication.
Bharatpur Airport in the central part of the city offered four domestic airlines and one government airline with seven to 11 flights daily to Kathmandu. Mahendra East West Highway connects the city to various parts of the country, and another highway connects Bharatpur with Kathmandu to the north east and with Birgunj on the border of India to the south. Bus, micro bus and other land transportation are available to go out of the city, for internal transportation taxi, rickshaw and car/jeep hiring is available. "Hakim Chowk" and "Chaubiskothi", "Shaheed Chok", "Pul Chowk", "Bel Chowk" and "Lila Chowk" are major centres at intersections of major roads.
Four major local FM radio stations broadcast from Bharatpur. They are "Synergy FM", "Hamro FM", "Radio Triveni", "Radio Chitwan", "Radio Kotagiri","Chitwan Online FM" "Kalika music FM", "Kalika FM" and "Narayani FM". The city also has Beso Channel, "Aviyan Channel", Unique Television and Avass Television.
Land line telephone services and mobile telephone services are available to the majority of areas. There are multiple private Internet service providers.
Major places.
Madi Bazzar
Madi Bazzar
kathar bazar
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
Ayodhyapuri, Bachhayauli, Bagauda, Bhandara, Bharatpur Nagar, Birendra Nagar, Chandi Bhanjyang, Dahakhani, Darechok, Dibyanagar, Fulbari, Gardi, Gitanagar, Gunjanagar, Jagatpur, Jutpani, Kabilas, Kathar,
Kaule, Khairhani Municipality, Korak, Lothar, Madi Kalyanpur, Mangalpur, Meghauli, Narayanpur, Padampur, Pancha Kanya, Parbatipur, Patihani, Piple, Pithuwa, Ratnanagar, Saradanagar, Shaktikhor, Sibanagar, Siddi, Sukranagar
Hospitals.
Hospitals in the district comprise:
Other important hospitals and nursing homes are Asha Hospital, Manakamana Hospital, Janasewa Hospital, Chitwan Hospital, Bharatpur Community hospital, Om Hospital, Lok Sewa Pharmacy, and Shanti hospital, Sanjivani Ayurveda & Nature Cure Hospital, Bharatpr-10
Educational institutions.
Aroma Higher Secondary School: Established in 2054BS Currently this School holds around 600 Students in secondary level and around 1200 Students in Higher Secondary Level. It is contributing this society with quality education. This Schools runs Science and Management Program in XI and XII level...It is one of the fast growing institution in chitwan..
Apex academy in Kshetrapur, Presidency college in Dipendranagar, Shanti Academy college in Bharatpur, Xavier college in Bel chowk, Sahid Smriti Multiple Campus, New Capital College, Crystal College in Ratnanagar also hold significant number of students.
Banks.
Bharatpur has became a city of banks. There are more than 60 banks and financial institutions in Narayangarh.
Class B Development Banks.
NDEP Development Bank Limited

</doc>
<doc id="2918880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918880" title="Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman">
Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman

The Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman is a newspaper serving the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of Alaska. It is owned by Wick Communications, publishing every Tuesday, Friday, and Sunday. Future governor and vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin worked for the newspaper as a sports reporter.

</doc>
<doc id="2918881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918881" title="Tolga, Algeria">
Tolga, Algeria

Tolga () is a municipality in Biskra Province, Algeria. Located in south-east Algeria, Tolga is well known internationally for high-quality dates (Deglet Nour). It has more than 500,000 date palm trees. Most dates produced are exported.

</doc>
<doc id="2918883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918883" title="F. W. Winterbotham">
F. W. Winterbotham

Frederick William Winterbotham (1897–1990) was a British Royal Air Force officer (latterly a Group Captain) who during World War II supervised the distribution of Ultra intelligence. His book "The Ultra Secret" was the first popular account of "Ultra" to be published in Britain.
World War I service.
Born in Stroud, Gloucestershire Winterbotham enlisted in the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars Yeomanry at the start of the war. He later transferred to the Royal Flying Corps, and became a fighter pilot. He was shot down and captured on 13 July 1917, and spent the rest of the war as a PoW, for much of the time in Holzminden.
Between the wars.
Winterbotham took a law degree, but had no liking for an office job. He pursued farming opportunities in Britain, Kenya, and Rhodesia without success. By 1929 he was back in Britain, and considered becoming a stockbroker in the City. Instead he was recruited to join the staff of the Royal Air Force, where he was assigned to the newly created Air Section of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI-6).
During the next few years, Winterbotham began the process of building up an intelligence service for the RAF. His job was to gather information on the development of military aviation in hostile or potentially hostile countries. He recruited agents, and filed and analyzed their reports.
One of these reports revealed that Germany had secret arrangements with the Soviet Union for the training of military pilots in violation of the Treaty of Versailles. William de Ropp, the agent who supplied this information also informed Winterbotham that the Nazis, not yet in power, wanted to cultivate high-level contacts in Britain; they imagined that "imperialist" Britain would be sympathetic to their own dreams of racial conquest. Winterbotham, who was socially well-connected, seemed a likely channel.
This led to a visit by Nazi "philosopher" Alfred Rosenberg in 1932. Winterbotham, with the full knowledge of MI-6, escorted Rosenberg around Britain, made some appropriate introductions, and played up to him. Neither Ropp nor Rosenberg knew that Winterbotham had any intelligence connections - he was just a civilian official of the Air Staff.
Winterbotham continued in this role for the next seven years. He became a regular visitor to Germany, and an apparent Nazi sympathizer. As such, he was welcomed into the highest circles in Germany, meeting with Hitler and Göring, and with Goering's Luftwaffe subordinates such as Erhard Milch and Albert von Kesselring. He gathered a tremendous amount of information on the Luftwaffe and on German political and military intentions.
In 1938, Winterbotham recruited Sidney Cotton to carry out some very successful aerial reconnaissance over Italy and Germany in 1939-40 in a private Lockheed 12A aircraft.
Ultra.
These games came to an end when World War II broke out in 1939. As a top ranking member of MI-6 (he reported directly to its head, Sir Hugh Sinclair, and his successor in 1940, Sir Stewart Menzies), Winterbotham was fully aware of Britain's successful code-breaking operation against the German Enigma cipher machine. The intelligence derived from Enigma decrypts was absolutely authentic (it was what the Germans were telling each other) and it was often of immense value. This source was so valuable it was given the special classification "Top Secret Ultra", or simply "Ultra".
But at first the British forces did not know what to do with the information. This problem was solved during the later part of 1940, as teams of analysts were formed to scan, digest, and file the messages, and channels were established for forwarding key messages to the appropriate field commands.
A key part of the solution was arranging for the secure delivery of "Ultra" to the various commanders, and making sure that they did nothing to give away the secret that Enigma was being read. Winterbotham took charge of this process. He formed "Special Liaison Units", which were attached to each field headquarters that received Enigma.
An SLU consisted of a few RAF officers and enlisted men, low in rank to avoid drawing attention. They received "Ultra" messages by radio from Britain, carefully encrypted in Britain's strongest cipher. They decrypted the messages, and handed them over to the commander, who was often the only person cleared to know where the information came from. (At some HQs, there might be one or two deputies also cleared.) The SLU was expected to retrieve the "Ultra" message after the commander had read it and keep it under lock and key.
The SLU was also expected to keep the recipient commander from telling anyone else about the origins of the message or acting too obviously on its contents. Naturally, this sometimes led to conflicts with field commanders who objected to being second-guessed. After the U.S. entered the war, these field commanders were often not British.
Winterbotham was responsible for recruiting and training the SLU personnel for this difficult role. They had to be very able technically, be close-mouthed, keep a low profile, and also be diplomatic enough to manage commanders who far outranked them. When diplomacy failed, Winterbotham flew out to the problem HQ to resolve the quarrel. He had the ultimate authority of the Allied governments behind him, as both Britain and the U.S. would do almost anything to avoid exposing the secret of the decryptions.
Winterbotham succeeded brilliantly all around. The SLU personnel he picked did splendid jobs; and he was very effective in dealing with recalcitrant commanders. There were no leaks about "Ultra" in the field.
"The Ultra Secret".
"Ultra" remained strictly secret even after the war. Then in 1974, Winterbotham's book, "The Ultra Secret", was published. This was the first book in English about "Ultra", and it explained what "Ultra" was, and revealed Winterbotham's role, particularly with regard to the dissemination and use of "Ultra".
There had been mentions of Enigma decryption in earlier books by Władysław Kozaczuk, Ladislas Farago, and Gustave Bertrand. However, Winterbotham's book was the first extensive account of the uses to which the massive volumes of Enigma-derived intelligence were put to by the Allies, on the western and eastern European fronts, in the Mediterranean, North Africa, and perhaps most crucially, in the Battle of the Atlantic.
Winterbotham's account has been criticized for inaccuracies and self-aggrandizement. Winterbotham was evidently no cryptologist and had only slight understanding of the cryptologic side of the multi-faceted and strictly compartmentalized "Ultra" operation. His description of the pioneering work done by Poland's Cipher Bureau before the war is minimal and incorrect. Winterbotham later responded that he had simply passed on the story that he had been given at the time.
He erroneously suggested that Japan's PURPLE cipher machine was a version of the German Enigma and confused "Dilly" Knox with a different person.
Perhaps the worst flaw in the book is the myth of Winston Churchill and the Coventry Blitz. During The Blitz of 1940–1941, Coventry, a British industrial city, was severely bombed by the Luftwaffe on the night of 14–15 November. There was heavy damage and numerous civilian casualties. Winterbotham asserted that Enigma decrypts had provided clear advance warning of the raid but that Churchill personally decided not to take any special countermeasures that might alert the Germans that the British were reading Enigma. This story has been widely repeated, even though it has been thoroughly refuted by other historians and memoirists.
Peter Calvocoressi was head of the Air Section at Bletchley Park that translated and analysed all deciphered Luftwaffe messages. He wrote ""Ultra" never mentioned Coventry... Churchill, so far from pondering whether to save Coventry or safeguard "Ultra", was under the impression that the raid was to be on London."
Nevertheless, Winterbotham's book is a vivid first-hand account by one of the key figures in the "Ultra" story, and much of the book still retains interest and validity. Winterbotham's conclusion was that the war's outcome "was, in fact, a very narrow shave, and the reader may like to ponder [...] whether or not we might have won had we not had "Ultra"."
Other books.
Before and after "The Ultra Secret", Winterbotham wrote several other books dealing with various aspects of his intelligence work.

</doc>
<doc id="2918884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918884" title="Dadeldhura District">
Dadeldhura District

Dadeldhura district (), a part of Mahakali zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dadeldhura as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,538 km² and had a population of 126,162 in 2001 and 142,094 in 2011.
The region has a desert-mountainous landscape that contains many religious temples. The district is seldom visited by tourists but contains local routes to Mt Kailaish in Tibet, Ra Ra Lake in Humla district and the last remaining remnants of the Far Western Malla Kingdom. Nagi Malla was the last royal to live here before Nepalese unification.
The spoken language is Dotyalli and the majority of inhabitants are Hindu. The district is entirely rural and has yet to be modernized. The largest city is Dadheldura city.

</doc>
<doc id="2918888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918888" title="Devario auropurpureus">
Devario auropurpureus

Devario auropurpureus is a small species of danionin fish endemic to Lake Inle in Myanmar. It is a schooling, active, plankton eater. It is of minor commercial importance as an aquarium pet, usually sold under the older name "Inlecypris auropurpurea".

</doc>
<doc id="2918889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918889" title="Espen Bredesen">
Espen Bredesen

Espen Bredesen (born February 2, 1968) is a world champion Norwegian ski jumper who competed from 1990 to 2000 representing Oppsal IL/Kollenhopp in Oslo. He won gold and silver medals at the 1994 Winter Olympics at Lillehammer
At the 1992 Winter Olympics, he performed badly, coming last in the normal hill and 57th out of 59 on the large hill. He had converted from the classical to the V-style just a month previously. His poor performance gave him the nickname "Espen the Eagle", based on British ski jumper Eddie 'the Eagle' Edwards.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1993 in Falun, he won gold medals both in the team large hill and the individual large hill events. In the 1993-94 season, he won the Four Hills Tournament. He won gold and silver medals at the 1994 Winter Olympics at Lillehammer, and won a silver medal at the FIS Ski-Flying World Championships 1994 in Planica. Bredesen twice beat the world ski flying record with jumps of 209 meters (1994) and 210 meters (1997).
Bredesen also won the ski jumping competition at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1993. He was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1994 (shared with Ljubov Egorova and Vladimir Smirnov).
WR statement.
Bredesen's statement after his first world record in Planica 1994 when he jumped 209m:

</doc>
<doc id="2918890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918890" title="Joachim Björklund">
Joachim Björklund

Joachim Björklund (born 15 March 1971 in Växjö, Sweden) is a former Swedish professional footballer. For many years he formed a successful central defensive partnership with Patrik Andersson for the Swedish national team. Björklund was selected for the UEFA Euro 1992, 1994 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000. He was also a member of the Swedish squad that competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. His maternal uncle is Tommy Svensson, the Sweden national football team manager from 1991 to 1997.
Playing career.
Taking the leap from junior team obscurity to becoming a star in Brann, he was later sold to IFK Göteborg. There, his side achieved a surprise 3–1 victory over Manchester United in the group stage of the 1994–95 Champions League. At the end of the following season, he was transferred to Vicenza, and the following year to Rangers, where he won a Scottish league championship medal before moving to Valencia for £2.5million. He spent three years at Valencia before moving to Venezia in Italy, where he was employed for just one season.
Björklund joined Sunderland in January 2002 for £1.5million, but was unable to prevent them from being relegated in the following 2002–03 season. 2003–04 was better, as he helped Sunderland finish third in Division One and reach the FA Cup semi final. But his services were no longer required by manager Mick McCarthy and he joined Wolverhampton Wanderers, who had just been relegated from the Premier League. He left the club and retired after just one injury-hampered season that restricted him to just 5 appearances in total as the club failed to win an immediate return to the top flight.
Working career.
Having finished his playing career, he now works as a scout for Valencia. He is mainly scouting the Nordic countries for players. He also works for Swedish Canal+, covering La Liga football.

</doc>
<doc id="2918892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918892" title="Neil Davis (cameraman)">
Neil Davis (cameraman)

Neil Brian Davis (14 February 1934 – 9 September 1985) was an Australian combat cameraman who was recognised for his work as a photojournalist during the Vietnam War and other conflicts in the region.
Early life.
Davis was born in Nala, Tasmania. He quit school at age 14 to work in the Tasmanian Government Film Unit. He joined the Australian Broadcasting Commission (ABC) in 1961 as a cine-cameraman, but he left in December 1963 to accept to become Visnews's cameraman and correspondent for Southeast Asia. He was based in Singapore.
War correspondent.
In early 1964 Davis went to Borneo to cover the confrontation between Indonesia and Malaysia. Shortly afterwards Davis made his first visits to Vietnam and Laos. Although he reported from across Asia, he is best remembered for his long association with, and reporting on, the war in Indo-China.
Unusual among foreign correspondents, Davis chose to film the war from the South Vietnamese perspective, shooting acclaimed combat footage on many occasions and acquiring a reputation for skill and luck. He was driven by the desire to obtain the best film he could and was well known for his neutrality, crossing, on one occasion, to film from the Viet Cong side. Davis' main preoccupation was with filming the effects of war and combat on individuals. His neutrality not with-standing, Davis earned the ire of United States military authorities, but this did not stop American news networks seeking out his film.
During the Tet Offensive in early 1968, Davis covered action in Saigon and Huế. It was during his period in Huế that Davis crossed path with Brigadier General Nguyen Ngoc Loan. Davis recalls that on meeting Nguyen Ngoc Loan he "lifted his arm to which he had strapped a machine pistol, pointed it at me and said 'Some day I kill you'". While apparently shocking, Davis knew this was not true and really a reference to events that had occurred earlier during the offensive.
Between 1970 and 1975 Davis spent increasing amounts of time in Cambodia and he moved to Phnom Penh in 1971. He was severely wounded on several occasions, once almost losing a leg, but was fit and determined enough to recover and continue his work. In June 1973 Davis left Visnews and became a freelancer. In April 1975, Davis chose to leave Phnom Penh with the American helicopter evacuation. Joined by NBC News Correspondent Jim Laurie, he flew to Vietnam to cover the final stage of the war. On 30 April, Davis filmed as North Vietnamese troops and T-54 tank number 834 famously broke through the gates to the Presidential Palace in Saigon. This image, which has long remained a symbol of the American failure to stop Communism in Vietnam, was first broadcast on an "NBC News Special Report: Communist Saigon" narrated by Laurie on 26 May 1975.
After Vietnam, Davis based himself in Bangkok, Thailand, but he travelled to cover stories in Angola, Sudan, Uganda and Lebanon. In 1978 he was briefly imprisoned in Syria, accused of spying for Israel.
Death.
After nearly 20 dangerous assignments on the battle fronts, Neil Davis was killed in Bangkok on 9 September 1985, while filming a minor Thai coup attempt that ended after only a few hours. Davis and his American soundman Bill Latch were covering an Army radio tower that had been seized. A pro-coup tank protected the entrance gate to the tower. Davis set up his camera facing the tank and got ready to deliver his report. Without warning, the tank fired a round in their direction. Davis and Latch were fatally wounded by shrapnel. Davis died instantly, and his camera fell to the ground, still running. The last scene his camera recorded was the dying Latch crawling for cover.
Latch, a former missionary, had had reservations working with Davis. He knew Davis's recklessness would some day be his undoing, according to a colleague from Voice of America. Davis also had his own reservations; always meticulous in the care and maintenance of his equipment, Davis in private questioned Latch's ability to meet his standards. Davis was a victim of technology which may have contributed to his death. He had always worked by himself in dangerous situations, preferring not to make life-and-death decisions for others. But for the last six years of his life, he was tethered to a sound man "to shoulder the heavy battery and cassette pack, linked to the nine-kilogram camera by a video cable." 
Commemoration.
In 1986, Davis was posthumously entered into the TV Week Logie Awards' Hall of Fame.
His work has been commemorated in the documentary "Frontline" by David Bradbury and in Tim Bowden's biography "One Crowded Hour" which takes its title from a verse by Thomas Osbert Mordaunt: "One crowded hour of glorious life is worth an age without a name" a line that Davis wrote in the front of each of his work diaries. The award winning Augie March song "One Crowded Hour" was composed by Glenn Richards while he was reading "One Crowded Hour".

</doc>
<doc id="2918903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918903" title="Bhojpur District, Nepal">
Bhojpur District, Nepal

Bhojpur District ( is in Kosi Zone of Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district's area is 1,507nbsp;km² with a population of 182,459 (2011). The administrative center is Bhojpur.
Classified as a Hill District, Bhojpur actually spans five of Nepal's eight climate zones. 3% of the district's area is below 300 meters elevation in the Lower Tropical zone and 31% is Upper Tropical from 300 to 1,000 meters. 50% of the land area belongs to the Subtropical Zone between 1,000 and 2,000 meters and 15% is Temperate (2,000 to 3,000 meters). 2% rises higher into the Subalpine Zone.
Traditionally, the inhabitants of this area have been the indigenous Rai ethnic group; the Newar ethnic group being the main people in the Bhojpur town. Bhojpur forms part of Majh Kirat/Kirant (Middle Kirat). It is one of the richest districts in Nepal in biodiversity.
In the northern part of this district lies the beautiful small city of Dingla. Various hill castes, Brahmin (bahun in Nepali), Kshetriya (Chhettri in Nepali), and ethnic groups like Rai reside within this beautiful area. This is the place where rudraksha trees grow naturally in the forest as well as individually on people's land. The religious leader, women's rights activist and poet Yogmaya Neupane was born in 1860 in Dingla.
Champe is the other small town where people from surrounding villages come and sell their products. This happens every 15 days and is called Hatiya.
Balankha (Walangkha) is one of the growing towns in the southwest area of Bhojpur. Another town Ghoretar, southeast of Bhojpur, has been a center point of trade, education and administration for a long time. It is famous as Hatuwa Gadi "a powerful fort of Kirat king Sunahang" in Kirat history.
Balankha borders with neighboring Khotang district's Bopung village. Balankha is slowly emerging as another hub of education, communication, health and trade. The most distinctive thing about Balankha is its famous Chhongkha Sakela celebration. It is the Kirat Rai festival when Rais go to 'Sakela Than' at Dammarkhu village of Khotang (across the river Buwa Khola), pray for good harvest and rain. Then they flock back to the open space of Chandi bazar to dance and celebrate with great joy.
Towns and villages.
Aamtep,
Annapurna,
Baikuntha,
Balankha,
Basikhola,
Basingtharpur,
Basteem,
Bhaisipankha,
Bhubal,
Bhulke,
Bokhim,
Bhojpur,
Boya,
Champe,
Changre, Lamidanda FootBall Club,C hyangare six Auliya, Manager: Prakash Rai:karan,
Charambi,
Chaukidada,
Chhinamukh,
Dalgaun,
Deurali,
Dewantar,
Dhodalekhani,
Dobhane,
Dummana,
Gogane,
Gupteshwor,
Hasanpur,
Helauchha,
Homtang,
Jarayotar,
Keemalung,
Keurepani,
Khairang,
Khartimchha,
Khatamma,
Khawa,
Kota,
Kudak Kaule,
Kulunga,
Lekharka,
Mane Bhanjyang,
Mulpani,
Nagi,
Nepaledada,
Okhre,
Pangcha,
Patle Pani,
Pawala,
Pyauli,
Ranibas,
Sangpang,
Sano Dumba,
Shyamsila,
Siddheswor,
Sindrang,
Syamsila,
Taksar,
Thidingkha,
Thulo Dumma,
Timma,
Tiwari Bhanjyang,
Tunggochha,
Yaku,
Yangpang,
Chaukidada,
Aamtep

</doc>
<doc id="2918910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918910" title="Dailekh District">
Dailekh District

Dailekh District (;) is part of Bheri Zone, one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dailekh as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,502 km² and had a population of 225,201 in 2001 and 261,770 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2918923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918923" title="Dang Deukhuri District">
Dang Deukhuri District

Dang Deukhuri District is the second largest vally in Asia. It is located in an Inner Terai district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. The district covers 2,955 km² with population (2011) of 548,141. Ghorahi (formerly Tribhuvannagar) is the district's administrative center and largest city while Tulsipur to the west is a transportation hub and Rapti Zone's administrative center.
Geography and Climate.
This district consists of the larger easterly and upstream portions of parallel Inner Terai valleys, Dang and Deukhuri, plus enclosing ranges of hills and mountains. Downstream, both valleys cross into Banke District, Bheri Zone.
To the south, the district borders Uttar Pradesh, India—specifically Balarampur and Shravasti districts of Awadh. Because the international border follows the southern edge of the outermost Siwalik foothills called the Dudhwa Range, there is no Outer Terai extending onto the main Ganges Plain inside this district. The permeable geology of the Siwaliks does not support moisture retention or soil development so they are covered with unproductive scrub forest.
The Dudhwas rise steeply to a crest at about 700 meters then slope more gradually into Deukhuri Valley, down to 250 meters elevation at the Rapti River. The Dudhwas extend more than 100 km, causing the Rapti to detour west around them before turning SE down the main trend of the plains into India. Deukhuri's climate is nearly tropical and it is well watered by the river as well as abundant groundwater.
North of Deukhuri Valley the Dang Range rises as high as 1,000 meters with passes at about 700 meters. Dang Valley lies north of these hills, drained by the "Babai River" tributary to the Ghaghara (Karnali). Valley elevations range from 600 meters along the Babai with alluvial slopes gradually rising northward to 700 meters along the base of the Mahabharat Range. Then the district extends upslope to the crest of the Mahabharats at 1,500 to 1,700 meters elevation. Bordering districts to the north are Pyuthan, Rolpa and Salyan.
History and Prehistory.
Hand axes and other artifacts dated to early Paleolithic (1.8 million to 100,000 years ago) have been found in alluvial deposits along the Babai River in Dang Valley. Archeologists classify these as Acheulean, i.e. 'second-generation' toolmaking that succeeds the very oldest Olduwan. There are more numerous less ancient archeological sites dating to the Upper Paleolithic/Late Pleistocene (about 50,000 to 10,000 years ago). These are also along the Babai, as well as in Deukhuri Valley (Rapti River) adjacent and south of Dang Valley.
Throughout historic times and probably earlier the Dang and Deukhuri valleys were home to indigenous "Tharu people". They came to be ruled from India by the "House of Tulsipur" who also counted as one of the "Baise Rajya" () -- a confederation of 22 petty kingdoms in the "Karnali (Ghagra)" region.
About 1760 AD all these kingdoms were annexed by the "Shah Dynasty" during the unification of Nepal, except Tulsipur lands south of the Siwalik Hills were not taken. Since Dang was somewhat higher, cooler, better-drained and therefore less malarial than most Inner Terai valleys in Nepal, it was settled to some extent by Shah and "Rana" courtiers and other "Paharis". Deukhuri was more of a Tharu enclave until DDT was introduced to control the disease-bearing "Anopheles" mosquito in the 1950s.
Transportation.
Mahendra Highway—the main east-west highway across Nepal—follows Deukhuri Valley, passing Bhalubang bazar at the upper end and Lamahi downstream. From Bhalubang, branch roads lead up the Rapti River into Pyuthan and Rolpa Districts. From Lahami there are roads north across the Dang Range to Ghorahi, and south over the Dudhwas to Koilabas bazaar on the international border where goods enter Rapti Zone from India. The Mahindra highway which passes through the lamahi joints the banke district leading Kohalpur. Roads from Ghorahi lead to Rolpa district and the Swargadwari pilgrimage site.
From Tulsipur a motorable road goes north into Salyan District.
At Tulsipur, all-weather Dang Airport has scheduled connections to other cities in Nepal.
Demography.
The droughty and agriculturally unproductive Dudhwa range creates a buffer zone between the divergent cultures of the plains of Uttar Pradesh and the Inner Terai. Deukhuri was severely malarial before the late 1950s when DDT came into use to suppress mosquitos so that Tharu people who had evolved resistance managed to live in isolation from more developed and avaricious cultures of the plains to the south and the hills to the north. Although road development further reduced Deukhuri's isolation by the 1980s, the valley retains some of its Garden of Eden charm with its lazy river, thick jungle alternating with rice paddies, surrounding hills in the middle distance, and unique peoples.
Dang Valley is higher, less tropical, drier and less malarial than Deukhuri. Despite poorer soil and more seasonal streamflow, its healthier climate made it more attractive to settlers from outside even before the introduction of DDT.
Since the early 1990s activist groups have been attempting to eradicate the practice of child indentured servitude among the Tharu, many of whom sold young daughters to wealthy families in urban areas.
This region has majority of people of the Tharu ethnicity. The steep, virtually uninhabited southern slopes of the Mahabharat Range are another cultural buffer zone between traditional Tharu lands and the culturally distinct "Middle Hills" where Nepali is the dominant language, the homeland of Bahuns and Chhetris.

</doc>
<doc id="2918925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918925" title="Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth">
Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth

Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth is a 2000 American direct-to-video parody film directed by John Blanchard. The film stars Tiffani-Amber Thiessen, Tom Arnold, Coolio and Shirley Jones. Several mid and late '90s teen horror films are parodied, as are the slasher films of the '70s and '80s, including the "Scream" films (1996, 1997, and 2000), "Friday the 13th" (1980), "Halloween" (1978), "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984), and "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), as well as other non horror films and television series. Although there are many different films parodied, the film follows the plot of "Scream" (1996) very closely. It is often compared to "Scary Movie", a commercially successful spoof from the same year, which had as a working title "Scream If You Know What I Did Last Halloween".
Plot.
While in her house alone dimwitted teenager Harvey "Screw" McAlister (Aimee Graham) is attacked by "The Killer". While being chased, Screw accidentally runs into a bug zapper and her face gets electrocuted. The killer, feeling disappointed that he was not the cause of her death, lights up a cigarette, leading to the melting of his Jason Voorhees mask into a "Scream" mask. The next day, new kid Dawson Deery (Harley Cross) signs up at Bulimia Falls High School, meeting up with a new group of friends including Boner (Danny Strong), Slab (Simon Rex), Barbara (Julie Benz) and Martina (Majandra Delfino), to whom Dawson takes a liking, though he is not sure if she is a lesbian. While the group discusses the death of Screw, they remain certain they are safe in school, not noticing the chaos that surrounds them, including a nuclear bomb being built and the killer attempting to murder a student.
The group encounters EmpTV News reporter Hagitha Utslay (Tiffani-Amber Thiessen), who is covering a series of murders, having already written a best-selling pop-up book about them, and accuses Dawson as the killer. They then meet Barbara's brother Doughy (Tom Arnold), an inept security guard who recently lost his job patrolling a shopping mall and is working to find the killer; however, he believes Screw's death was a harmless prank. As the group talks, they do not notice Hagitha's cameraman being murdered. As the day progresses, more and more students are murdered. While in class, each of the group receives a letter from the killer, revealing he knows a secret about them. Each of the group recalls a time when they were drunk-driving and hit a deer, before dumping it in the sea. This event leads each to keep their own secrets; Martina not giving her grandmother laxatives, Boner accidentally causing his brother to be killed in prison, Slab smoking his uncle's ashes, and Barbara accidentally removing the "do not remove tag" from a mattress. Meanwhile, Hagitha and Doughy continuously flirt with each other. As the group meets up, Dawson gets a letter too, as he was in fact run over by the others while dressed up in a deer costume. The group decides they should spend the night in a secluded house, so they each arrange to go to Slab's after school. As the day progresses, each of the group members are attacked but manage to escape. The killer confronts Principal Interest (Coolio), but he electrocutes himself in a bathtub.
At night, everyone goes to Slab's party. Boner takes an unconscious girl up to a bedroom so he can lose his virginity. The killer attacks him, but Boner suffers a heart attack before the killer can murder him. Martina goes over the rules of a parody movie, before Barbara is chased outside by the killer. However, Barbara suffers an allergic reaction to bee stings before the killer can murder her. As the rest of the party people leave, Martina makes a move on Dawson, before they find Slab has abused steroids, causing him to explode. Martina and Dawson then are chased by the killer, as Hagitha and Doughy play strip poker nearby instead of investigating the murders. Martina and Dawson defeat the killer as Hagitha and Doughy arrive. The killer is revealed as Hardy, Doughy's "evil twin cousin", whom Doughy is going to let get away with the murders, but Hagitha accidentally shoots Hardy before leaving Doughy for a pizza boy. Martina, Dawson and Doughy leave the house, where they find Boner is still alive and finally loses his virginity to a nurse. As Martina and Dawson leave, they get a call from a new killer.
Parodies.
The film features a variety of character parodies:
Reception.
The film holds a 14% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 7 critics' reviews (6 negative, 1 positive).
Larry Getlen of FilmCritic.com gave the film a negative review, saying that it "drift without a storyline to follow or a character to care about" and was riddled with "infantile sex and fart jokes or gags that are just plain lazy". Allmovie.com gave the film 3½ out of 5, stating: "As joke-a-minute spoofs go, this surprisingly genial, cleverly constructed parody is one of the best of the genre without a Zucker brother or Jim Abrahams in the credits."

</doc>
<doc id="2918927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918927" title="Julian Marley">
Julian Marley

Julian Ricardo Marley (born 4 June 1975) is a British Jamaican reggae musician. He is the son of reggae legend Bob Marley and Bajan Lucy Pounder. He is a member of the Rastafari movement.
Biography.
Julian's childhood was spent between England and Jamaica. Musical from an early age, he learned to play the keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, among other instruments. Along with his brothers Ziggy Marley and Stephen Marley, he became involved with Ghetto Youth International, a production company, in 1989. Julian released a solo album, "Lion in the Morning", in 1996 and embarked on a world tour. He and his brother Damian Marley toured with the Lollapalooza festival in 1997. His second album, "A Time And Place", was released in 2003. His third album, "Awake" (released in 2009), was nominated for a prestigious Grammy Award in the Best Reggae Album category.
In 2011 he participated in Mawazine festival that took place at Rabat, Morocco. In January 2013 he performed a reggae concert in Dhaka, Bangladesh. In August 2013 he performed at the Fêtes de Genève in Geneva, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="2918931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918931" title="Darchula District">
Darchula District

Darchula District(, a part of Mahakali Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Darchula as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,322 km² and has a population (2011) of 133,464. The number of male 63,609 and female 69,855. Decadal Change(%) 9.40, Annual Growth Rate(%) 0.90, Sex Ratio(males per 100 females) 91, Absent (abroad) Population Total 6,867, where number of male 5,880 and female 987. Total Number of House 22,948. Total Number of Household 25,802. Average Household Size 5.17. Population Density (persons/km2.) 57. #Darchula Pics Api Mountain
The town has an Indian counterpart to its northwest, named Dharchula. The split between the two towns is just virtual as the traditions, culture, and lifestyle of the people living across both the regions are quite similar.
Demographics.
More than 56000 people live in 8989 households. About 58.4 percent population falls under below the poverty line. Population composition is made by different caste such as Chhetri 63.55%, Brahmin 17.15%, Thakuri 4.01%, Dalit and others contribute 15.39 percent. Hindu followers are high in numbers. Hindu, Buddhists as well as others do regards nature as a gift of God and they worship nature own their way.
Ethnic Composition.
The majority ethnic group is Pahari Arya. Caste of Darchula District are Brahmin, Chhetries, Dalit, Thakuri, Lohar, Kaine, Newar, Byansi, Bandhe, Sanyasi etc. Among them 85.19% HHs are Brahmin/Chheties/Thakuri, 10% Dalits, 0.12% Sauka and others are occupational caste groups. Sauka are indigenous inhabitant’s caste group. The indigenous caste groups are dominated by migrants from another villages.
The Dalits (7.35%) and Thakuri (7.43%) shares equal proportion and occupy the second largest group in the total population. Indigenous groups Byansi represent 1.32%, Lohar 1.38% and other minorities’ correspondent to 1.48 percent. Dalits are also defined as the Special Target Groups (STGs).
Economic Development.
Darchula is one of the least developed districts of the country. The major socioeconomic indicator of Darchula district is still very poor. Life expectancy of the people was about 52 in 1996. About 89.90% of the total population depends upon agriculture. Substance agriculture, lack of basic infrastructure, difficult geophysical condition, traditional agricultural practice, low literacy rate and population growth are the root causes for deep rooted poverty.
Trade and Business.
Trade is one of the most important livelihood means. Every year, people from hills come with NTFP, ghee, and herbs. The agriculture related commodities were sold in local bazaar (market). People of Byans, Rapla go to Tibet to fulfill their needs of clothes and other commodities. Local carpets and wool products, Hand made clothes, and NTFP bring huge amount of money to the VDCs. However, each and every respondent indicated that their income is invested in domestic use.
Tourism.
Api Nampa Conservation Area is a famous gateway of Kailash Mansarobar holly region located in Tibet. Many pilgrims pass through this Conservation Area to get Kailash Pravat. Not only Nepalese but also foreigners visit Api Nampa Conservation Area to acquire satisfaction, spirituality and boon of the nature.
First European, A. H. Savage Landor entered Nampa valley in 1899 and explored the glacier system. He travelled across the Tinkar valley and entered Tibet via Lipu pass. In 1905, Dr. Longstaff visited this region. Then Swiss geologists A. Heim and A. Gansser visited Api himal area in 1936.
The height of Api Himal at the top is calculated 23,399 ft. John Tyson and W. H. Murray explored this region in 1953. Api group has been creating lure to tourists due to the geological feature blending with nature and natural assests. Sauka culture is also attraction for tourist.
You can visit Api Himal either going via Darchula Bazar, Huti, Sunsera, Rapla to Base Camp. It takes five days to reach there or going via Bitule, Makari gad, Ghusa village, Domilla, to Lolu at the Base Camp. Panaromic view of Himalays created by several peaks like Nampa, Jethi Bahurani and others. The beauty of this landscape is unforgettable.
Climate.
The climate of the area is generally characterized by high rainfall and humidity. The climatic condition varies along with the elevation gradient. Climate of the Darchula District varies widely from subtropical to alpine. In the north, most of the parts remain under snow having alpine climate. In the southern part and valleys the climate is subtropical. Mid- hills has temperate type. The average maximum temperature is 18.6°C and the minimum temperature is 7.7°C and average rainfall is 2129mm. Most precipitation falls between May and September.
About eighty percent of the total annual rainfall occurs during monsoon period (June to September). All areas experience very high rainfall intensities, ranging between estimates of 125–350 mm for a 24 hour period.
Within its elevation range of 1800m to 6500m, there are limited subtropical valleys in the southern margin although most of the area is ecologically temperate or highland. A cold, generally dry climate exists in the high alpine valleys just north of the southern arm of the Himalaya that cuts across the bottom of Darchula.
External links.
EDITOR:- web:- Bishan Singh Mahara As FlyinSoulBoy email:- mail@bishanmahara.com.np
Tourist Guide Facilities:- Call Us:- 
Bishan Singh Mahara ☏ +977-9849725750, 
Nabendra Tinkari ☏ +977-9848999680, local guides, transportation and porters also available.

</doc>
<doc id="2918935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918935" title="Dhading District">
Dhading District

Dhading District (, a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dhading Besi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,926 km², had a population of 338,658 in 2001 and 336,067 in 2011.
Geography and Climate.
The district spreads from 27'40" E to 28'17" E and 80'17"N to 84'35"N. The mountain range "Ganesh" is the predominate mountain range located within Dhading. Some of the peaks are over 7,000 metres. The 8,000-plus-metre mountain "Manaslu" is clearly visible from much of Dhading, although it is located within the bounds of Gorkha. The transnational "King Prithivi Highway" connecting Kathmandu and Pokhara runs through the southern portion of the district making for easy access too the Kathmandu valley. The road parallels the "Trishuli" River.
The western border with Gorkha is bisected by the "Budhi Gandaki" river and this river valley is a great entrance to the Himals of Gorkha (with views of the Ganesh range), not to mention one of the prettier rivers of Nepal. The towns of Salantar and Arun Ghat should get you pointed in the right direction.
The district is bounded by-
Dhading District, a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dhading Besi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,926 km² and has a population (2001) of 338,658. The mountain range "Ganesh" is the predominated mountain range located within Dhading. All of the peaks are over 7,000 metres with some approaching 8,000. The 8,000-plus-metre mountain "Manaslu" is clearly visible from much of Dhading, although it is located within the bounds of Gorkha. The transnational "King Prithivi Highway" connecting Kathmandu and Pokhara runs through the southern portion of the district making for easy access too the Kathmandu valley. The road parallels the "Trishuli" River.
Dhading is 80% farmland and 20% forest; unfortunately most of the protected forest is located near or next to the road which doesn't make for great trekking. But, the western border with Gorkha is bisected by the "Buri Gandaki" river and this river valley is a great entrance to the Himals of Gorkha (with views of the Ganesh range), not to mention one of the prettiest rivers of Nepal. The towns of Salantar and Arun Ghat should get you pointed in the right direction.
The people of the district are primarily Bhramin and Chetri in the south and Tamang and Gurung in the north, with much of the center Newari. Gurkha route, the birth place of founder of Nepal King Prithivi Naryan Shah crosses through Dhading.
Rivers.
The main rivers of the district are Trishuli river and Budhi Gandaki river. Budhi Gandaki separates the district from Gorkha district. There are 25 small rivers, the main being Charoudi, Malekhu, Galtukhola, Belkhukhola, Chirandikhola, Maheshkhola, Thopal, Manukhola, Kastekhola, Mastekhola, Surgandhi,Kolphu, Ankhusalyantar. Besides these, there are over 1743 smaller rivers, springs and seasonal streams.
Demography.
The people of the district are primarily Brahmin and Chhetri in the south and Tamang and Gurung in the north, with much of the center Newari. The famous King Prithivi Naryan Shah/Gurkha route crosses through Dhading.
Religious Temple.
Dhading District has lots of religious temples. Among them Bhageshwori Temple is one the example. This Bhageshwori Temple lies in Muralibhanjyang VDC ward No 5. Many of the resident around ward No 4/5/6 people worship during their festival.
Tourism.
Dhading is getting popularity in the tourism industry. The district is famous for rafting adventure. Ganesh Himal and Ganga Jamuna are the major touristic destinations. Ruby Valley trekking is newly introduced trekking trail in this district. Ganesh Himal trekking is famous for religious purpose. Visitors can observe different ways of life, their culture and be able to contact with rural people in the small villages. More than 65 percent inhabitants in this region are Tamang (semi Mongolian).Thus, Ganesh Himal Trekking is often called as Tamang culture trekking. The district has also possibility of Chepang Home-stay tourism.
Towns and villages.
Agnichok

</doc>
<doc id="2918942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918942" title="Dhankuta District">
Dhankuta District

Dhankuta District () (), a part of Kosi Zone, is one of the districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district covers an area of 891 km² and has a population (2011) of 163 412. Dhankuta is the district headquarters and a major administrative region in the Eastern region. 
The vegetation zones in the district range from sub-tropical Sal forest along the Tamur and Arun rivers, and cooler temperate forests on some of the high ridges that mark the watershed between the two catchments. The altitude ranges from around 300m to 2500m. The majority of the population are involved in agriculture and crops include maize, rice and millet. Important cash crops include citrus fruits, cauliflower, cabbage, ginger, and in recent years, tea. A well-preserved forest (Rani Bhan - Queen's Forest) spreads along a ridge line on the northwest side of the village, with well-developed mature stands of rhododendron and sal (pine) trees.

</doc>
<doc id="2918944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918944" title="Zweihänder">
Zweihänder

The (German for "two hander", also called Two handed sword, Montante, Great sword, Bidenhänder, Schlachtschwert or Bihänder), is a two-handed sword primarily of the Renaissance. It is a true two-handed sword because it requires two hands to wield, unlike other large swords that are wielded with two hands but can also be wielded with one. 
The "Zweihänder" swords develop from the longsword of the Late Middle Ages and they became a hallmark weapon of the German "Landsknechte" from the time of Maximilian I (d. 1519) and during the Italian Wars of 1494–1559. The "Goliath Fechtbuch" (1510) shows an intermediate form between longsword and "Zweihänder"
These swords represent the final stage in the trend of increasing size that started in the 14th century. In its developed form, the "Zweihänder" has acquired the characteristics of a polearm rather than a sword. Consequently, it is not carried in a sheath but across the shoulder like a halberd. By the second half of the 16th century, these swords had largely ceased to have a practical application, but they continued to see ceremonial or representative use well into the 17th century. Some ceremonial zweihänder, called "bearing-swords" or "parade-swords" (Paratschwert) were much larger and weighed about 10 pounds.
Morphology.
Due to their size and weight — typically at least 1.4 m (4 ft 7 in) long and with a weight of over 2 kg — Zweihänders require two hands; as such they require at least 25 cm (9.84 in) for the grip. Zweihänders above 4 kg are considered to be more ceremonial than practical.
Early Zweihänders were simply larger versions of longswords. Later examples had "Parierhaken" ("parrying hooks") at the top of the "ricasso" as well as side rings on the hilt. A sword did not necessarily have both features.
Some Zweihänders had wavy blades and were called Flammenschwert.
Application.
The weapon is mostly associated with either Swiss or German mercenaries known as Landsknecht, and their wielders were Doppelsöldner. However, the Swiss outlawed their use, while the Landsknechte kept using them until much later.
The Black Band of German mercenaries (active during the 1510s and 1520s) included 2,000 two-handed swordsmen in a total strength of 17,000 men. Zweihänder wielders fought with and against pike formations. There are some accounts of Zweihänders cutting off pike heads. Soldiers trained in the use of the sword were granted the title of "Meister des langen Schwertes" (lit. Master of the Long Sword) by the Marx brotherhood.
Frisian hero Pier Gerlofs Donia is reputed to have wielded a Zweihänder with such skill, strength and efficiency that he managed to behead several people with it in a single blow. The Zweihänder ascribed to him is, as of 2008, on display in the Frisian museum. It has a length of 213 cm (84 in) and a weight of about 6.6 kg (14 lb).

</doc>
<doc id="2918947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918947" title="Dhanusa District">
Dhanusa District

Dhanusa District, alternatively Dhanusha District, ( , a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal. The district, with Janakpur as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,180 km² and has a population (2011) of 754,777. It lies in the Central Development Region of Nepal. Also famous as a cultural center, the city attracts many Hindu pilgrims during festivals from both Nepal and India.
During the elections in April 2008, the district was divided in seven constituencies. It is also the home district of the first president of Nepal, Dr. Ram Baran Yadav, who contested and won the elections from constituency 5. As a political center of the region, it has prominent leaders like Bimalendra Nidhi from the Nepali Congress, Anand yadav (Gangaram yadav) from the CPN-UML, and Matrika Yadav from the CPN-Maoist.
Janakpur, the headquarters of the district, was rocked by ethnic tension during and following uprisings in the Tarai, the southern plains of Nepal. Following the revolt, many people of Hill-origin fled the district and moved elsewhere, skewing the demography of the district. Dhalkebar, a town on the highway, has a majority of people of Hill-origin, while Janakpur has a majority of Madhesis, a Terai-origin community.
The most common language spoken in Dhanusa is Maithali.
Among the major places to visit in Dhanusa are its famous temples and lakes, mostly situated in Janakpur. These include the Janaki Temple, Dhanusadham where according to Hindu mythology a part of Shiva's bow that Lord Ram broke is said to have fallen, and the Vivah Mandap where it is believed Ram and Sita were married. A beautiful Mithila Women's Art Center is also a major tourist attraction.
Dhanusha district has an airport and the only Railway System of Nepal is also situated here which connects Janakpurdham with an Indian town, Jayanagar. It has several good hotels like Hotel Rama, Hotel Sita Palace including the starred hotel Hotel Welcome. It also has the Janakpur Zonal Hospital and several private hospitals.
Towns and villages.
Andupatti, 
Aurahi, 
Bafai, 
Bagchaura, 
Baheda Bala, 
Bahuarba, 
Balabakhar, 
Balaha Kathal, 
Balaha Sadhara, 
Ballagoth, 
Baniniya, 
Baramajhiya, 
Basahiya, 
Basbitti, 
Bateswor, 
Bega Shivapur, 
Begadawar, 
Bharatpur.
Bhuchakrapur, 
Bhutahi Paterwa, 
Bindhi, 
Bisarbhora, 
Chakkar,
Chhireshwarnath Municipality, 
Chora Koilpur, 
Debadiha, 
Deuri Parbaha, 
Devpura Rupetha, 
Dhabouli, 
Dhalkebar, 
Dhanauji, 
Dhanusadham Municipality,
Dubarikot Hathalekha, 
Duhabi, 
Ekarahi, 
Fulgama,
Ghodghans, 
Giddha, 
Godar, 
Gopalpur, 
Goth Kohelpur, 
Hansapur Kathpula,
Hariharpur, 
Hardiya, 
Harine, 
Hathipur Harbara, 
Inarwa, 
Itaharwa, 
Janakpur, 
Jhatiyahi, 
Jathai, 
Jhojhi Kataiya,
Jamunibas Bengadawar, 
Kachuri Thera,
Kajara Ramaul,
Kanakpatti, 
Khajuri Chanha, 
Khariyani, 
Kurtha, 
Labatoli, 
Lagmamdha Guthi, 
Lakhouri, 
Lakkad, 
Laxminibas, 
Laxmipur Bagewa, 
Lohana Bahbangama, 
Machijhitakaiya, 
Mahuwa,
Mahuwa,
Makhanaha, 
Manshingpatti, 
Mitheleswor Nikas, 
Mithileswor Mauwahi, 
Mujeliya,
Mukhiyapatti, Mushargiya, 
Nagarain, 
Nakatajhijh, 
Nauwakhor Prashahi, 
Nunpatti, 
Pachaharwa, 
Papikleshwor, 
Patanuka, 
Paterwa, 
Paudeswor, 
Puspalpur, 
Raghunathpur, 
Ramaidaiya Bhawadi, 
Rampur Birta, 
Sabaila,
Sankhuwa Mahendranagar, 
Sapahi, 
Satosar, 
Shantipur, 
Siddha, 
Singyahi Maidan, 
Sinurjoda, 
Sonigama, 
Suga Madhukarahi, 
Suganikash, 
Tarapatti Sirsiya, 
Thadi Jhijha, 
Thilla Yaduwa, 
Tulsi Chauda, 
Tulsiyahi Nikas, 
Tulsiyani Jabdi,
Yadukush,

</doc>
<doc id="2918956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918956" title="Dolakha District">
Dolakha District

Dolakha, often known as Dolkha or Dholkha(, a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country situated in Southeast Asia. The district, with Charikot as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,191 km² and has a population of 204,229 in 2001 and 186,557 in 2011.
It is a district with a strong religious affiliation. It is popularly known amongst most Nepalese for the temple of Dolakha Bhimeshwar. The idol in the temple is said to resemble three different Gods : Bhimeshwar in the morning, Mahadeva during the day and the Narayana in the evening.
The famous Bhimeshwar temple is located in Dolakha Bazar of Bhimeshwar. The main statue of this temple is god Bhim. Bhimsen or Bhimeshwar or Bhim of Dolakha and is noted as one of the most popular throughout the country Nepal. He was the second prince of panch pandav and notably worshiped by the traders or merchandizers as their will god. In Dolakha, the roofless temple constitutes the idol of Bhimsen, which is triangular in shape and made of rough stone. Most people regard this idol as Bhimsen but it has three reincarnations: first as Bhimsen himself, second as Goddess Bhagawati, who is worshipped by sacrificing animals as demon/devil and third as: God Shiva who is never offered sacrifices.
Local legend has it that ages ago, 12 porters coming from elsewhere stopped at this spot and they made three stone stoves to cook rice. After a few minutes, it was noticed that one side of the rice grains were cooked but the other side was raw. When the porter flipped the cooked side up, the cooked rice became raw again when it came in contact with the triangular shaped black-stone. One of the porters became very angry and stubbed the stone with "Paneu"(laddle), which cut the stone and out of the cut flowed blood coated with milk. Later they realized that the stone is God Bhim. Worshippers started pouring in to pray God Bhim onwards. There are many faith-challenging incidents about the Bhimsen of Dolakha. The miraculous things of Bhimsen statue of Dolakha include sweating fluid like drops of warm water. People believe that if any bad incident is happening or going to happen in near future in the country then Bhimsen himself tries to protect his people by warning them through sweating etc.
From the point of view of Shree Bhimeshwar Shivapuran, there was a kingdom of Bhima that was blessed by god Brahma at the side of mountain peak. The people, who lived in the Bhima's kingdom had to live very sorrowful lives from the Bhima and so they prayed to god Shiva to save their lives. Then god Shiva came from Gaurishanker and killed the king Bhima. According to the history after Bhima's death, the statue of god at that spot was named -Bhimeshwar (भिमेश्वर).

</doc>
<doc id="2918958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918958" title="MCE">
MCE

MCE can mean:
Technology.
MCE was created by U.S. Air Force in December of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2918959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918959" title="Dolpa District">
Dolpa District

Dolpa District (), is one of the five districts of the Karnali Zone in Nepal. The district, with Dunai as its district headquarters, covers an area of and has a population (2011) of 36,700.
Geography and Climate.
Dolpa is the largest district of Nepal covering 5.36% of the total landmass of the country, located at 28°43’N to 29°43’N latitude, and 82°23’E to 83°41’E longitude. Elevation ranges from . The district borders Tibet ( China) on the north and northeast, Jumla and Mugu districts of Karnali on the west, Myagdi, Jajarkot and Rukum on the south, and Mustang on the east.
A large portion of the district is protected by Shey Phoksundo National Park. The name is derived from the 12th century Shey Monastery and the deepest lake in Nepal, the Phoksundo Lake, both of which lie in the district. The park protects endangered animals like the snow leopard, musk deer and the Tibetan wolf. Shey Phoksundo is the largest and the only trans-Himalayan National Park in Nepal.
It is also one of the two districts that lie beyond the Himalaya or the trans-Himalaya, Mustang being the other.
The district distances an altitudinal range of over from a little over at Tribeni in Kalika VDC to meters at the peak of Churen Himal. Kanjiroba (), Mukot () and Putha Hiunchuli () are other renowned peaks.
Physiographical the smaller ranges of the Great Himalayas comprise the southern border of the district. Between these and the border mountain ranges of Gautam Himal and Kanti Himal to the north, Dolpa district is a labyrinth of often wide glacial valleys and ridges. Kanjiroba Himal and Kagmara Lekh running northwest to southeast separate the valleys of the Jagdula in the west from the rest of the district.
Demography.
Dolpa's population is approximately 29,545. Most of the people are Hindu (60%) or Buddhist (40%). 5.05% belong to the ancient Bonpo religion. Dolpa's major occupations are agriculture (79.5%) and service (2%).
Tourism.
Dolpa region is a distant region of Nepal and the central point of this area is Shey Phoksumdo National Park. The east and south of Dolpa are surrounded by the Dhaulagiri and Churen Himal ranges and to the west is the Jumla district. Trekking to Lower Dolpa offers you the remarkable and breathtaking experience of a lifetime. The notable features seen here are snowy peaks, ancient and remote villages, rich wildlife, lovely Buddhist monasteries and wonderful lakes. The people of this area are simple and warm-hearted with an enthralling culture and traditions. The cultural traditions of this area are basically linked with the Tibetan culture.
Trekking into Dolpa presents an exposure to the high and remote Himalayan valleys, resembling the Tibetan highlands. The main highlight of Dolpa trekking includes “Shey Phoksundo National Park” which is one of the major National Parks of Nepal. “Shey Phoksundo Lake” is another famous feature of this region. The lake is totally free of aquatic life, which the crystal waters clearly demonstrate. Surrounded by rocks, forests, and snow-capped peaks, the area has been described as one of the world's “Natural Hidden Wonders”.
The Dolpa trekking starts at Juphal and follows the track to Dunai, then continues to Tarakot, way up to Bang la Camp, the uppermost point of Dolpa trekking. After passing through Sanu Bheri village, we then descend to the good-looking Phoksundo Lake, which is a piece of the Shey Phoksundo National Park.
Transport.
This district, despite being the largest in area in the nation, has only 1 vehicle as of November 2012, and no road links to other districts.

</doc>
<doc id="2918964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918964" title="Ultimate Worship">
Ultimate Worship

Ultimate Worship is a compilation praise and worship album of contemporary worship music by the Hillsong Church. The album appeared on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers and reached No. 19 on the Top Christian Albums Chart.
Album details.
This album is a compilation of songs from previous Hillsong Music albums, including the live praise and worship albums, Hillsong United series, Hillsong London album "Shout God's Fame" and "Shout to the Lord" from Darlene Zschech's solo album, "Kiss of Heaven". Several of the songs have been edited to make the tracks shorter than the original in order to fit them on the disc.

</doc>
<doc id="2918969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918969" title="Doti District">
Doti District

Doti District (), a part of Seti Zone, is one of the 75 districts of Nepal, a landlocked country in South Asia. This district, with Dipayal as its headquarters, covers an area of 2,025 km² with a population of 207,066 in 2001 and increasing marginally to 211,746 in 2011.
History.
Doti was a medieval kingdom of Nepal. It was founded by Niranjan Malla Deo, the last son of the Katyuri dynasty and was younger brother of Abhay Pal of Askot. Previously, the area between Ramganga in the west and the Karnali River in the east was under the control of the Rainkas (rulers of the Doti kingdom, alternately "Kumaon" or "Rainka Maharaj").
Ancient Doti covered Uttarakhand of India, and part of far western Nepal. It was formed after the Katyuri Kingdom's disintegration during the 13th century. Doti was one of eight different princely states formed after the disintegration, and all claim Katyuri heritage. The seven other known states are
The Katyuri Kingdom's dissolution is attributed to the invasion of Khas Kings Ashoka Challa, and Krachalla, from the Karnali zone (Dullu) in 1191 and 1223 respectively. Later, the whole land between Ramganga in the west (Utarakhand), and the Karnali in the east (which divides the far western region from other parts of Nepal), came under the Raikas' rule - after the establishment of the Katyuri's dynastic Raikas Doti. Brahma Dev Mandi at Kanchanpur; a district within Mahakali, was established by Katyuri King Brahma Dev.
Raikas of Doti and their lineage.
Historical evidence of the following raikas has been discovered:
Conflict with Gorkha Kingdom.
According to Nepal's history, 1790 marked a period of war between Doti and the neighboring Gorkha Kingdom's expansion; Nari-Dang, on the banks of the Seti River. 'Dumrakot' is the location where the Doti forces set up a base to resist the Gorkhas.
Doti was captured by Gorkha forces and annexed to what would later become Nepal, and the Gorkha rulers would destroy several historical sites in Doti - attempting to cover its legendary bravery and tenacity. The Dotyali people were also subject to ethnic prejudice, and were frequently excluded from government jobs and offices of state. Sometime around 1950, a few Dotyalis established their identities as national heroes based solely on their courage, daring, and contribution to their country. Noted among them are Martyr Dashrath Chand, Martyr Bhim Dutta Pant, and internationally reowned Dr. K.I. Singh, a revolutionary leader who later became Prime Minister.
Other Notable Dotyali.
Dr. Laxmi Kant Pant, was a social worker/leader, contributed for social and education revolution
Dotyali Language..
Dotiyali is the local language spoken in the Doti region; the far western region of Nepal, which is similar to the Kumauni language. According to Rahul Sankrityayan, Dotiyali is the dialect of the Kumauni language which was brought to Doti by a section of the Katyuri dynasty of Kumaun, which had ruled over Doti until 1790. The Doti kingdom was formed after the Katyuri kingdom had broken up into eight different princely states of different sections of the Katyuris. However, in Nepal it is considered as a Nepali Dialect; though Local intellectuals and people speaking Dotiyali language is increasingly demanding that their language to be recognized as one of the national language of Nepal.
Towns and villages.
The district contains the following towns and villages:
Banalekh

</doc>
<doc id="2918971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918971" title="Chipman Airport (Alberta)">
Chipman Airport (Alberta)

Chipman Airport, , is located north of Chipman, Alberta, Canada.
The airport is owned and operated by the Edmonton Soaring Club. The Edmonton Soaring Club, which was previously operating from the Edmonton/Cooking Lake Airport, purchased the site in 1971, when other plans were being made for Cooking Lake by the Government of Alberta. This airport is also known as the "Chipman Gliderport".
Itinerant air traffic is welcome, and should use the aerodrome frequency of 123.4, and keep an eye out for glider traffic. The airport is not maintained in the winter, but is suitable for aircraft on skis when snow-covered. The airport is usually attended on weekends and designated flying weeks during the soaring season, which typically runs from mid-April through October.
Facilities available include a clubhouse with kitchen, bathrooms, showers; a bunkhouse for overnight accommodation; cable tie-downs; emergency fuel (100LL). Pilots should call ahead to see if the airport is attended (780) 363-3860.

</doc>
<doc id="2918981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918981" title="Handball at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Handball at the 1996 Summer Olympics

Final results for the Handball competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="2918983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918983" title="Gorkha District">
Gorkha District

Gorkha District (), a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia, and connected historically with the creation of the modern country of Nepal and the name of the legendary Gurkha soldiers. The district, with Pokharithok (Gorkha)
, later known as Prithivi Narayan Nagarpalika as its district headquarters, covers an area of 3,610 km² and has a population (2001) of 288,134. It is the location of the Manakamana Temple. Also, the temples of great sage Gorakh Nath and goddess Gorakh Kali temple is located in district, after which the district got its name. Four major rivers run within and along it, they are Chepe, Daraudi, Marsyangdi and Budhi Gandaki.
Towns and villages.
Amppipal, 
Health Care.
Following is the data obtained from the PHASE Nepal website:

</doc>
<doc id="2918985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918985" title="Gulmi District">
Gulmi District

Gulmi District (, a part of Lumbini Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Tamghas as its headquarters, covers an area of 1,149 km², had a population of 296,654 in 2001 and 280,160 in 2011. It is renowned for coffee farming. Ruru, a Holy Place now also known as Ridi is a market centre,where many of the temples are situated. Maghe Sankranti and other festivals are celebrated here. Many local as well as foreign tourists come here to visit the place. Dhurkot's Bichitra Cave, Holy Place Resunga with its rich biodiversity & its historic value are some of the attractions of Gulmi District.
The headquarters of Gulmi, Tamghas, is a small town and the only municipality of Gulmi , situated at the bottom of two hills Resunga and Arjun. It is a place that has been neglected though it could be one of the best visiting places in Nepal if it was developed. 
Gulmi is rich with naturally beautiful views, natural resources that favour high possibility of tourism in Gulmi. Achchamma Ko Gufa, Timure Lekh, Siddhathan temple, rafting in Badhighat, historical place Ridi. Musikot Durbar, Charpala Durbar are some the beautiful place to visit in Gulmi.
Radio Stations.
Gulmi has 4 FM Radio stations and 1 Radio Nepal FM rely station:
Towns and villages.
V.D.Cs.:
Aaglung, 
Amar Abathok, 
Amarpur, 
Apchaur, 
Arbini, 
Arjai, 
Arkhale, 
Arkhawang, 
Arlangkot, 
Aslewa, 
Badagaun, 
Bajhkateri, 
Baletaksar, 
Balithum, 
Bamgha, 
Wami, 
Bastu, 
Bhanbhane,
Bharse, 
Bhurtung,
Birbas, 
Bisukharka, 
Chhapahile, 
Dalamchaur, 
Darbar Devisthan, 
Darling, 
Daungha, 
Dhurkot Bastu, 
Dhurkot Bhanbhane, 
Dhurkot Nayagaun, 
Dhurkot Rajasthal, 
Digam, 
Dibrung, 
Dohali, 
Dubichaur, 
Dusma Rajasthal?, 
Foksing, 
Gaudakot,
Ghamir, 
Gwagha, 
Gwadi, 
Hadhade, 
Hardineta, 
Hansara, 
Harrewa, 
Harmichaur, 
Harrachaur, 
Hastichaur, 
Hawangdi, 
Hunga, 
Jaisithok, 
Jayakhani, 
Johang, 
Juniya, 
Khadgakot, 
Kharjyang, 
Kurgha, 
Limgha,
Majuwa, 
Malagiri, 
Musikot, 
Myal Pokhari, 
Nayagaun, 
Neta, 
Pallikot, 
Paralmi, 
Paundi Amarai पौदि अमराई, 
Pipaldhara, 
Purkot Daha, 
Purtighat, 
Rimuwa, 
Rupakot, 
Ruru, 
Shantipur, 
Simichaur, 
Sirseni,
Tamghas - district headquarters,
Thanapati, 
Thulo Lumpek, 
Turang, 
Wagla,
Wamitaksar

</doc>
<doc id="2918988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918988" title="Neurotransmission">
Neurotransmission

Neurotransmission (Latin: "transmissio" = passage, crossing; from "transmitto" = send, let through), also called synaptic transmission, is the process by which signaling molecules called neurotransmitters are released by a neuron (the presynaptic neuron), and bind to and activate the receptors of another neuron (the postsynaptic neuron). Neurotransmission is essential for the process of communication between two neurons. Synaptic transmission relies on: the availability of the neurotransmitter; the release of the neuron by exocytosis; the binding of the postsynaptic receptor by the neurotransmitter; the functional response of the postsynaptic cell; and the subsequent removal or deactivation of the neurotransmitter.
In response to a threshold action potential or graded electrical potential, a neurotransmitter is released at the presynaptic terminal. The released neurotransmitter may then move across the synapse to be detected by and bind with receptors in the postsynaptic neuron. Binding of neurotransmitters may influence the postsynaptic neuron in either an inhibitory or excitatory way. The binding of neurotransmitters to receptors in the postsynaptic neuron can trigger either short term changes, like changes in the membrane potential called postsynaptic potentials, or longer term changes by the activation of signaling cascades.
Neurons form elaborate networks through which nerve impulses (action potentials) travel. Each neuron has as many as 15,000 connections with other neurons. Neurons do not touch each other (except in the case of an electrical synapse through a gap junction); instead, neurons interact at close contact points called synapses. A neuron transports its information by way of an action potential. When the nerve impulse arrives at the synapse, it may cause the release of neurotransmitters, which influence another (postsynaptic) neuron. The postsynaptic neuron may receive inputs from many additional neurons, both excitatory and inhibitory. The excitatory and inhibitory influences are summed, and if the net effect is inhibitory, the neuron will be less likely to "fire" (i.e., generate an action potential), and if the net effect is excitatory, the neuron will be more likely to fire. How likely a neuron is to fire depends on how far its membrane potential is from the threshold potential, the voltage at which an action potential is triggered because enough voltage-dependent sodium channels are activated so that the net inward sodium current exceeds all outward currents. Excitatory inputs bring a neuron closer to threshold, while inhibitory inputs bring the neuron farther from threshold. An action potential is an "all-or-none" event; neurons whose membranes have not reached threshold will not fire, while those that do must fire. Once the action potential is initiated (traditionally at the axon hillock), it will propagate along the axon, leading to release of neurotransmitters at the synaptic bouton to pass along information to yet another adjacent neuron.
Summation.
Each neuron connects with numerous other neurons, receiving numerous impulses from them. 
Summation is the adding together of these impulses at the axon hillock. If the neuron only gets excitatory impulses, it will also generate an action potential. If instead the neuron gets as many inhibitory as excitatory impulses, the inhibition cancels out the excitation and the nerve impulse will stop there.
Spatial summation means that the effects of impulses received at different places on the neuron add up, so that the neuron may fire when such impulses are received simultaneously, even if each impulse on its own would not be sufficient to cause firing.
Temporal summation means that the effects of impulses received at the same place can add up if the impulses are received in close temporal succession. Thus the neuron may fire when multiple impulses are received, even if each impulse on its own would not be sufficient to cause firing.
From synaptic summation to neuronal spikes. The spatial and temporal integrations of synaptic signals are critical for the neurons to encode the digital spikes that manager well-organized behaviors. In the studies from synapse dynamics to neuron encodings, the sensitization of postsynaptic receptors, the probability of neurotransmitter release and the quantum pattern of neurotransmitter release are proportional to the neuronal encoding of digital spikes, 
Convergence and divergence.
Neurotransmission implies both a convergence and a divergence of information. First one neuron is influenced by many others, resulting in a convergence of input. 
When the neuron fires, the signal is sent to many other neurons, resulting in a divergence of output. Many other neurons are influenced by this neuron.
Cotransmission.
Cotransmission is the release of several types of neurotransmitters from a single nerve terminal.
At the nerve terminal, neurotransmitters are present within 35–50 nm membrane-encased vesicles called synaptic vesicles. To release neurotransmitters, the synaptic vesicles transiently dock and fuse at the base of specialized 10–15 nm cup-shaped lipoprotein structures at the presynaptic membrane called porosomes. The neuronal porosome proteome has been solved, providing the molecular architecture and the complete composition of the machinery.
Recent studies in a myriad of systems have shown that most, if not all, neurons release several different chemical messengers. Cotransmission allows for more complex effects at postsynaptic receptors, and thus allows for more complex communication to occur between neurons.
In modern neuroscience, neurons are often classified by their cotransmitter. For example, striatal "GABAergic neurons" utilize opioid peptides or substance P as their primary cotransmitter.
Some neurons can release at least two neurotransmitters at the same time, the other being a cotransmitter, in order to provide the stabilizing negative feedback required for meaningful encoding, in the absence of inhibitory interneurons. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="2918989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918989" title="Humla District">
Humla District

Humla District(, a part of Karnali Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Simikot as its district headquarters, covers an area of 5,655 km² and had a population of 40,595 in 2001; in 2011 the population was 50,858.
The Northern part of Humla District is inhabited by Buddhists, originating from Tibet, whereas the South is mostly inhabited by Hindus.
Village Development Committees (VDC).
Barai,
Bargaun, 
Chhipra, 
Dami, 
Dandafaya, 
Gothi, 
Hepka, 
Jaira, 
Kalika, 
Kermi, 
Khagalgaun,
Kharpunath, 
Lali, 
Lauthi,
Limi, 
Madana, 
Maila, 
Melchham, 
Mimi, 
Muchu, 
Raya, 
Ripa, 
Rodikot, 
Sarkeedeu, 
Saya,
Sri Nagar, 
Shreemastha, 
Simikot, 
Syada,
Thechaya,
Yanchu
Health Care.
Although there is a district hospital as well as primary health care centers, these are not enough for providing health services. The small health centers in many VDCs are often without Auxiliary Health Workers (AHWs), Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Community Health Workers (CHWs). 
Many people still believe in Dhami and Jhakri and often resort to local practices before seeking allopathic treatment.
The Nepal Trust [www.nepaltrust.org], which has been working in Humla for over 20 years, has been one of the first (I)NGOs in the district to address development issues at grass-roots level, and especially healthcare. PHASE Nepal is the non profit making organization which is coordinating with District Health Office, Simikot and providing comprehensive primary health services to the community of two farthest VDCs of the district - Maila and Melchham. Not only Maila and Melchham but from the entire neighboring villages are benefited from the service. 
The Trust, which was the only organization in the district that was allowed to continue its development work throughout the Maoist insurgency and thus remains one of the most active and transparent organizations to date in Humla, had built the Torpa clinic almost 15 years ago to address the immediate and desperate need for people to receive health services and to date has expanded its services throughout the district including upgrade works at the district hospital. Current Trust initiatives are related to ante/post natal care and infant mortality reduction programs.
Besides its head office in Kathmandu, the Nepal Trust has its own satellite office and guest house in Simikot HQ, which acts as social enterprise (the first built in West Nepal) and is besides healthcare also actively involved in education, renewable energy, heritage preservation, WASH, food security & agriculture, but also sustainable tourism development and income generation.
Nepal Trust has been managing the Great Himalaya Trail Development Program since 2008.
Trekking.
The Nepal section of The Great Himalaya Trail ends in Humla at Hilsa at the border with Tibet. 
The Humla district an important part of ancient Buddhist religions and it holds a lot of histories, cultures and values of a typical Buddhist life. With more than 10 small villages of Tibetan origin, Humla district is a very important and beautiful part of land not only for the Buddhist all around the world, but also for everyone who wants to learn about buddhist life and study the histories and cultures.
The Nyin Community and the Limi Valley are inhabited by peaceful buddhist communities and they are blessed with very beautiful nature, with abundance of natural resources, varied flora and fauna, lots of mountain springs and very clean rivers and beautiful mountains and glacial lakes.
[http://www.thegreathimalayatrail.org/humla]
The border crossing at Hilsa is a main entry point for treks going to and coming from Mount Kailash. The normal route to this point is via a 4-5 day walk to Simikot.

</doc>
<doc id="2918991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918991" title="Andreas Andersson">
Andreas Andersson

Andreas Claes Andersson (born 10 April 1974 in Nacka, Sweden) is a Swedish footballer. A striker, he was capped by Sweden forty-two times (including the 2002 FIFA World Cup), scoring eight goals.
Domestically, he won the 1996 Swedish league title with IFK Göteborg, ending the seasons as the league's top scorer with nineteen goals. These performances earned him moves abroad to AC Milan and Newcastle United (for whom he played in the 1998 FA Cup Final). These spells proved largely unsuccessful, resulting in Andersson's return to Sweden with AIK.
Injury problems caused him to retire on August 1, 2005, with Andersson looking to remain in football as a coach. However, he resumed playing in 2010 with Swedish minnows FC Andrea Doria.

</doc>
<doc id="2918999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918999" title="Gunshot residue">
Gunshot residue

Gunshot residue (GSR), also known as cartridge discharge residue (CDR), or firearm discharge residue (FDR), is residue deposited on the hands and clothes of someone who discharges a firearm. It is principally composed of burnt and unburnt particles from the explosive primer, the propellant—and possibly fragments of the bullet, cartridge case, and the firearm.
Law enforcement investigators test the clothing and skin of people for GSR to determine if they were near a gun when it discharged. Gunshot residue can travel over 3–5 feet (0.9–1.5 meters) from the gun. At the farthest distance, only a few trace particles may be present.
History.
In 1971 John Boehm presented some micrographs of GSR particles found during the examination of bullet entrance holes using a scanning electron microscope. If the scanning electron microscope is equipped with an energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy detector, the chemical elements present in such particles, mainly lead, antimony and barium, can be identified.
In 1979 Wolten et al. proposed a classification of GSR based on composition, morphology, and size. Four compositions were considered "characteristic": 
The authors proposed some rules about chemical elements that could also be present in these particles.
Wallace and McQuillan published a new classification of the GSR particles in 1984. They labeled as "unique" particles those that contain lead, antimony, and barium, or that contain antimony and barium. Wallace and McQuillan also maintained that these particles could contain only some chemical elements.
Current practice.
In the latest ASTM Standard Guide for GSR analysis by Scanning Electron Microscopy/Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectrometry (SEM-EDX) particles containing lead, antimony and barium, and respecting some rules related to the morphology and to the presence of other elements are considered characteristic of GSR. The most definitive method to determine if a particle is characteristic of or consistent with GSR is by its elemental profile. An approach to the identification of particles characteristic of or consistent with GSR is to compare the elemental profile of the recovered particulate with that collected from case-specific known source items, such as the recovered weapon, cartridge cases or victim-related items whenever necessary. This approach was called ‘‘case by case’’ by Romolo and Margot in an article published in 2001. In 2010 Dalby et al. published the latest review on the subject and concluded that the adoption of a ‘‘case by case’’ approach to GSR analysis must be seen as preferable, in agreement with Romolo and Margot.
In light of similar particles produced from extraneous sources, both Mosher et al. (1998) and Grima et al. (2012) presented evidence of pyrotechnic particles that can be mistakenly identified as GSR. Both publications highlight that certain markers of exclusion and reference to the general population of collected particulate can help the expert in designating GSR-similar particles as firework-sourced.
Particle analysis by scanning electron microscope equipped with an energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy detector is the most powerful forensic tool that investigators can use to determine a subject's proximity to a discharging firearm or contact with a surface exposed to GSR (firearm, spent cartridge case, target hole). Test accuracy requires procedures that avoid secondary gunshot residue transfer from police officers onto subjects or items to be tested, and that avoid contamination in the laboratory.
The two main groups of specialists currently active on gunshot residue analysis are the Scientific Working Group for Gunshot Residue (SWGGSR) based in USA and the ENFSI EWG Firearms/GSR Working Group based in Europe.
Results.
A positive result for GSR from SEM-EDX analysis can mean many things. Mainly it indicates that the person sampled was either in the vicinity of a gun when it was fired, handled a gun after it was fired, or touched something that was around the gun when it was fired. (For example: When a person goes to the aid of a victim of a gunshot wound, some GSR particles can transfer from the victim.)
A negative result can mean that the person was nowhere near the gun when it was fired, that they were near it but not close enough for GSR to land on them, or it can mean that the GSR deposited on them wore off. GSR is the consistency of flour and typically only stays on the hands of a living person for 4–6 hours. Wiping the hands on anything, even putting them in and out of pockets can transfer GSR off the hands. Victims don't always get GSR on them, even suicide victims can test negative for GSR.
Matching GSR to a specific gun.
Unless the ammunition used was specifically tagged in some way, it is not possible to identify a weapon used in a crime "only" by the presence of GSR on the weapon. Bullets can be matched back to a gun using ballistics, but matching the gun shot residue on a suspect or victim to a specific gun is currently not possible.
Organic gunshot residue.
Organic gunshot residue can be analysed by analytical techniques such as chromatography, capillary electrophoresis, and mass spectrometry.

</doc>
<doc id="2919003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919003" title="Mikael Nilsson">
Mikael Nilsson

Mikael Nilsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919020" title="Ahmad Zamil">
Ahmad Zamil

Ahmad Zamil bin Mohd Idris, or Zamil Idris (born April 23, 1978 in Kuala Lumpur) is best known as one of the Season 1 finalists in the popular Malaysian reality talent show, Malaysian Idol in 2004.
The grand nephew of veteran actor and the first Malay film director Haji Mahadi, Zamil was exposed to the entertainment industry from a very young age.
Malaysian Idol.
Zamil was voted out on 5 September 2004 during the rock show after delivering his rendition of Hoobastank's "The Reason". He came 7th in the show. His selection of songs include Andrea Bocelli's "The Prayer", Kenny Remy & Martin's "Suratan Atau Kebetulan" and Marc Anthony's "My Baby You" in the show.
He was eliminated for getting the lowest votes during the rock Show. His "The Reason" was much criticized by all three judges, although many viewers thought he did a decent performance compared to the other finalists. Many viewed that Zamil should have sung one of the classic rock numbers. 
"The Reason" was nominated for the Song of the Year at the 47th Grammy Awards and also won the MTV Asia VMA award for best rock video. The song is Hoobastank's most commercially successful single, peaking at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts, and #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks.
Zamil's renditions during MI include:

</doc>
<doc id="2919024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919024" title="Richard Kitzbichler">
Richard Kitzbichler

Richard Kitzbichler (born 12 January 1974 in Wörgl, Tyrol) is an Austrian former football player.
Career.
Kitzbichler started his career in 1992 with FC Wacker Innsbruck in the Austrian Bundesliga. In 1997, Kitzbichler signed a contract with SV Austria Salzburg and stayed there until 2002. He spent one season with Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga, and then returned to Austria. From 2003 he played for FK Austria Wien, until 2005 when he joined Australian A-League club Melbourne Victory. After a highly successful 2005, the popular Kitzbichler agreed to return to the club he left in 2002 to take up a playing and coaching role. In January 2006, Kitzbichler accepted a transfer back to his former club of Salzburg (now known as Red Bull Salzburg due to a corporate takeover), thus ending his time as one of the pioneering members of the new Melbourne football club. He helped Red Bull Salzburg's amateur side, Red Bull Salzburg II, achieve promotion from the Austrian Regionalliga West to the Second Division of the Bundesliga. He retired from active football in May 2009.
Currently he is member of the coaching staff of FC Red Bull Salzburg where he is working as video analyst.
International career.
He made his debut for Austria in April 1996 against Hungary but was ignored for the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He earned 17 caps, no goals scored. His last international was a May 2002 friendly match against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2919025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919025" title="List of state leaders in 257">
List of state leaders in 257


</doc>
<doc id="2919031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919031" title="Ilam District">
Ilam District

Ilam district () is a Hill district of Mechi Zone in Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district covers . The 2011 census counted 290,254 population. Ilam is the district headquarters, about from Kathmandu.
Ilam attracts many researchers who come to study rare birds and the Red Panda. Ilam stretches from the Terai belt to the upper hilly belt of this Himalayan nation.
The name "Ilam" is derived from the Limbu language in which "Ii" means twisted and "Lam" means road. Ilam was one of the ten self ruling states of Limbuwan before the unification of Nepal, its ruler King Hangshu Phuba Lingdom of Lingdom dynasty ruled Ilam as a confederate state of Limbuwan until 1813 AD. The treaty between the other Limbuwan states and the King of Gorkha (Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty of 1774 AD) and the conflict of Gorkha and Sikkim led to the unification of Ilam with Gorkha. Ilam was the last of the ten kingdoms of Limbuwan to join the union of Nepal. The King of Gorkha gave the ruler of Ilam full autonomy to rule and the right of Kipat. Ilam was an independent Limbu kingdom until 1813 CE/1869 BS.
Ilam is a today one of the most developed places in Nepal. Its ILAM TEA is very famous and is exported to many parts of Europe. The main source of income in this district is tea, cardamom, milk, ginger ,potato,orlon, and broom production on large scale. 
This place also has a religious importance. The devi temples have a great importance attached to them and many people come here just for pilgrimage.
The major attraction of Ilam is the 9-cornered Mai Pokhari lake. Also known as the abode of the goddess lots of tourists as well as Nepalese people come to visit this place.Mai river and its four tributaries also emerge in Ilam district. The famous Mane Bhanjyang (Mane pass) connects Ilam with Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India.
Ilam was much in the news in the past during the Maoist insurgency, from here the Maoists launched massive attacks frequently.
Tourists going to Ilam can expect to pay around 1000 rupees a week for accommodation and food.
Villages.
Amchok,
Bajho,
Barbote,
Chamaita,
Chisapani,
Chulachuli,
Danabari,
Dhuseni,
Ibhang,
Ektappa,
Ebhang*,
Erautar,
Gajurmukhi,
Dhuseni*,
Godak,
Gorkhe,
Jamuna,
Jirmale,
Jitpur,
Jogmai,
Kanyam,
Kolbung,
Laxmipur,
Lumde,
Mabu,
Mahamai,
Maimajhuwa,
Maipokhari,
Mangalbare,
Namsaling,
Naya Bazar,
Panchakanya,
Pashupatinagar,
Phakphok,
Fikkal Bazar, aahale, arubote,
Phuyatappa,
Puwamajhuwa,
Pyang,
Sakfara,
Sakhejung,
Samalpung,
Sangrumba,
Shanti Danda,
Shantipur,
Shree Antu,
Siddhithumka,
Soyak,
Soyang,
Sri Antu*,
Sulubung,
Sumbek
Bashyal
References.
Human rights forum HURF

</doc>
<doc id="2919032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919032" title="Jajarkot District">
Jajarkot District

Jajarkot District (, a part of Bheri Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Jajarkot as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,230 km and had a population of 134,868 in 2001 and 171,304 in 2011.
Jajarkot(जाजरकोट जिल्ला)is one of the district of Bheri Zone in Mid-western Region of Nepal. Khalanga is its headquarters (capital). It has 30 village development committee (VDCs) and each VDC in turn has Nine Wards which are the smallest geographical units.
Population: 1,34,868 (CBS 2001), Expected population: 1,51,511 (2009).
Area: 2123.83(km2)
Now, Cholera outbreak occurred in Jajrkot and death tolled already more than 150 and more than 20,000 people are affected. Due to the Geographical difficulty and inaccessibility to this district, containing Cholera outbreak is becoming difficult. The lack of planning for the outbreak investigation, coordination at regional and district level, lack of management knowledge are the main factors for spreading outbreak from government side, whereas lack of awareness, open field defecation, eating stale food and drinking unsafe water are leading factors from the public part.
A team from Nepal Health Research council (Dr. Gajananda Prakash Bhandari, Epidemiologist; Dr. Sameer Dixit, Biotechnologist) headed towards the affected Jajarkot and stayed there and visited interiors of the district, collected data and stool samples. They found that the cause of previously undiagnosed diarrheal disease was Cholera which is caused by "Vibrio Cholerae".
Total number of samples collected = 25
Total number of samples positive for Vibrio Cholerae = 13
Towns and villages.
Archhani,
Bhagawati Tol,
Bhoor,
Daha,
Dandagaun,
Dasera,
Dhime,
Garkhakot,
Jagatipur,
Jhapra,
Junga Thapachaur,
Karkigaun,
Khagenkot,
Khalanga,
Kortrang,
Lahai,
Majhkot,
Nayakwada,
Paink,
Pajaru,
Punama,
Ragda,
Ramidanda,
Rokayagaun,
Sakala,
Salma,
Sima,
Suwanauli,
Talegaun,
Thala Raikar

</doc>
<doc id="2919033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919033" title="James Six">
James Six

James Six FRS (1731 – 25 August 1793) was a British scientist born in Canterbury. He is noted for his invention, in 1780, of Six's thermometer, commonly known as the Maximum minimum thermometer. This device is still in common use today and widely sold in garden centres.
Life.
Six was from a family of refugees from the Continent who had settled in England in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, and who had worked as silk weavers for generations. James Six himself had trained in the family business, but by his time this was in decline because of cheap imported silks from India and Persia.
He became interested in natural philosophy, and devoted himself to astronomy and meteorology. In 1782 The Royal Society of London published an account of the thermometer that Six had invented two years earlier. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1792, his election was the result of this and other papers he had published on meteorology.
In 1783 he performed a number of thermometrical measurements on Canterbury cathedral in conjunction with Sir John Cullum, who wrote about them for "Philosophical Transactions" in "“Account of extraordinary Frost, 23 June 1783”", ("Philosophical Transactions", lxxiv (1784)).
Six wrote about his invention in his book entitled ""The Construction and Use of a Thermometer for Showing the Extremes of Temperature in the Atmosphere, during the Observer's Absence, together with Experiments and Variations of Local Heat; and other Meteorological Observations"". This was published posthumously in London, in 1794, a year after he died.
James Six died on 25 August 1793 at the age of sixty-two. His wife Mary died on 19 March 1801 and they are buried together in a vault in Westgate Church, Canterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="2919039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919039" title="Jhapa District">
Jhapa District

Jhapa District () is the Terai plains district of Mechi Zone in Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district covers . The 2011 census counted 812,650 population. Bhadrapur is the district headquarters.
Location.
Jhapa is the easternmost district of Nepal and lies in the fertile Terai plains. It borders Ilam district in the north, Morang district in the west, the Indian state of Bihar in the south and east, and the Indian state of West Bengal in the east.
Administration.
The district is divided into 47 Village Development Committees (VDC) and three municipalities, namely Bhadrapur, in the south, Mechinagar in the east and Damak in the west. In 2012, Birtamod was slated for municipality status, however, has not yet been functioning as a municipality . Other major centers are Dhulabari, Budhabare, Surunga, Charali, Baniyani, Kechana, Patharia, Balubadi, Gherabari, Pathamari, Prithvinagar, Halddibari, Maharanijhora, Lakhanpur, Gauradaha, Topgachhi, Gauradaha, Rajgadh, Ghailadubba, Charpane, Laxmipur.
Demography.
Not much is known about its early settlements. A few scattered and small villages used to be in the vast and dense forest area of Jhapa. In the 60's and early 70's landscape of Jhapa began to change forever as people from the hills came there to own and cultivate the land under the 'resettlement program'. The eradication of malaria helped change its old name and perception of 'kalapani' into an attractive and fertile place. Fertile land, beautiful landscape, proximity to Nepali speaking part of India, attracted many people there for settlement. No indigenous ethnicity are known to have settled there. Small number of Rajbansi population and some other even smaller in numbers were found to have lived there before the mass migration from various parts of the country and North-eastern part of India and Burma.
Jhapa is home to many indigenous ethnic nationalities such as the rajbanshi, Bengali people, Gangai (ethnic group)|Tajpuriya ]], and Dhimal . Other ethnic groups such as Dhangad, Koche, Satar, Meche, Tamang, Uraon, Magar, Gurung, Sunuwar/सुऩुवाऱ/मुखीय, Gangain and many others came to Jhapa in the late 19th century, so did the hill/mountain castes Bahun, Chhettri, and Newar.
Jhapa is diverse and rich in culture and traditions due to the influences of its different tribes. All the tribes/ethnic groups have their own languages, customs and traditions, and they celebrate their festivals every year.
Geography and Climate.
Jhapa receives 250 to 300 cm of rainfall a year, mostly during the summer monsoon season. Its hilly northern area receives more rainfall than the south. Its major rivers, like the Mechi, Kankai Mai, Ratuwa, Biring, Deuniya,(Aduwa), (Bhuteni), (Dhangri), Hadiya, Ninda, Krishne Khola, Gauriya, Ramchandre etc. provide water for irrigation.
Due to its alluvial soil best suited for agriculture, Jhapa has been the largest producer of rice and is therefore known as the Grain Grocery of Nepal . Besides cereal crops like rice and wheat, it is also one of the largest producers of jute, tea, betel nut, rubber and other cash crops.
Jhapa also has vast areas of forests, such as Deonia, Charali, Charkose Jhaadi, Hadiya, Sukhani, Jalthal, and others. Its name itself is derived from the Rajbanshi word "jhapa" meaning "canopy", which suggests that the area was a dense forest in the past. It was once such a dense and dangerous forest that it was called Kaalapaani and prisoners were sent here to die of malaria and other diseases in the jungle.
Attractions and sites.
Jhapa also has several religious and historical sites of great importance like Kankai Mai, Kichakbadh, Satasidham, Arjundhara, Chillagadh, Biratpokhar, and Krishnathumki among others. It is believed that Pandu's son Bhim had killed Kichak in Kichakbadh (near Kechana in the south border) in the time of the Mahabharata and a great festival is observed on that day every year. There is also the historical fort of Chandragadh which gave its name to Chandragadhi. Other sites too have their own religious and historical values. It is also the gateway to Darjeeling and Sikkim and the rest of north-east India from Nepal.
Recently, Jhapa is gaining popularity in the medical field especially in eye treatment. Each day hundreds of patient from adjoining distract of Nepal and India visits Mechi Eye Hospital for eye treatment.The other major centers of attractions are Jhamunkhadi Simsar Tourism Area in Surunga and Domukha as well.
Development.
Jhapa is one of the most developed districts of the country. Almost all the villages and towns are linked by roads. There are schools and colleges in many parts of the district. There is also an airport and a hospital in Bhadrapur. It has the highest literacy rate in the country after Kathmandu, Kaski and Chitwan districts.
Airport is domestic and you can get regular flights from Kathmandu to Bhadrapur to Kathmandu. It takes forty five minutes flight.
There is a hundred bedded Zonal hospital. It has different departments as Medicine, Surgery, Gynaecology & obstetrics, Paediatrics, and the 24 hours emergency facilities. AMDA Hospital Damak,established in 1992 as AMDA referral center of 15-bed capacity with the help of AMDA International, and Damak Municipality. There are some private hospitals like Life Line Hospital,Damak, Mechi Model Hospital, Kanchunga Hospital, Pathivara Hospital & Research Center Pvt.Ltd.Birtamod etc.It also has Mechi eye Hospital which is supposed to be one of the biggest eye hospital in Nepal.
The government hospital also provides the plastic surgery services occasionally.
Education.
Jhapa has a literacy rate of 66.93 percent. Chulla Chulli English Boarding School,Emerald Academy, Siddhartha Sishu Sadan and Little Flowers School are some of the best schools in the country. There are also some good private schools like East Horizon English School, Shree Harikul Model Higher Secondary School(+2), Suryodaya English School, Siddhartha Boarding School, Newtons Education Academy, Shree Pashupati Secondary School, Balmiki Academy, Gyanjyoti Higher Secondary School, Dipjan English Boarding School, Divya Jyoti Secondary School, Purwanchal Academy etc. The number of Colleges providing opportunity of higher studies has been increasing in Jhapa. Mechi Multiple Campus Bhadrapur and Damak Multiple Campus are the wings of Tribhuvan University. Kankai Adarsh Campus Birtamode, College for Higher Education (COHED) and Kanakai Multiple Campus Surunga are the other main Colleges Providing higher education up to Master's Degree in Management, Education and Humanities Stream. Mechi Multiple Campus is one of the most Known Campus in Jhapa which provides better education qualities. It provide education in different faculties like Science, Management and Humanities.
Role in national politics.
It plays the main role in national politics. The Communist revolution was started from the Jhapa, which led to formation of one the most prominent party of nation CPN-UML. Many national political figures are from Jhapa such as Late C.K. Prasai(Bharat Babu), R.K Mainali, K.P Oli, Krishna Prasad Sitaula, Chakra Bastola,Late Gauri Shankar Khadka, C.P Mainali. Recently during JanaAndolan 2063 (April Revolution) Jhapa played a significant role in the agitation against Royal takeover. Around 5 peoples were killed by the Royal Army in Bhadrapur and many more deaths weren't disclosed.
Agriculture and industry.
Jhapa is also famous for microcredit development. The Small Farmer Development Programme (SFDP) was the first rural and micro-financing program in Jhapa. The Agricultural Development Bank started this Small Farmer Development Programm in 1988. It started in a few VDCs and spread. After lifted many people out of poverty, the SFDP was handed over to the local people and the new institution was named Small Farmer Cooperative Ltd (SFCL). There are currently 13 SFCLs in Jhapa, each of which covers a single VDC.
It is one of the major districts for the Production of Tea and Rice. Budhabare situated on the northern side of the Mahendra Highway is one of the most fertile lands of Nepal. Jhapa as a district is also popular for the bittle nuts (Supari). Several large Tea Estate are also located in Jhapa. Giri Bandhu Tea Estate, Burne tea state, Tokla Tea Estate,Himalaya Tea State,Damak, Sattighatta Tea Estate are the Major ones.
Jhapa has been equipped with different sorts of communication medium. The internet provided by different ISP link Jhapa with the rest of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2919044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919044" title="Jumla District">
Jumla District

Jumla District(, a part of Karnali Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal. The district, with Jumla as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,531 km² and had a population of 89,427 in 2001 and 108,921 in 2011.
The origin of Nepali language is Sinja of Jumla. Therefore, the Nepali dialect "Khas Bhasa" is still spoken among the people in this region.
Before unification.
Jumla kingdom was one of the many kingdoms that dotted Nepal before its unification by King Prithivi Narayan Shah and later by his son Bahadur Shah. Jumla kingdom was one of the powerful kingdoms in west Nepal, Jumla kingdom defended itself in the first attack by King Prithivi Narayan Shah, and legend even has it that he got injured in the battle. Later, with the help of surrounding kingdoms of Jumla, Bahadur Shah son of King Prithivi Narayan Shah attacked and won Jumla for the Gorkha kings. The Jumla kings were Thakuris (like the Gorkha kings) and had the last name (Shah) as the Gorkha kings.
Jumla kingdom was one of the most powerful of the kingdoms in Nepal, in its height extending from Mustang in the east to present day Uttarakhand, India. The Jumla kings belonged to the Kallayla dynasty linked to the Sisodia clan of Rajasthan, India. There have also been marriages between the Jumla royal family and the present day royal family of Nepal even till present day. The current direct decedents of the erstwhile Jumla royal family include Lt. Gen (Retd) Vivek Kumar Shah, Nepali Film legend Nir Shah, Former Director General of Nepal Electricity Authority Harish Chandra Shah, DIGP (Retd) Sher Bahadur Shah and current DIGP of Nepal Police Surendra Bahadur Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="2919045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919045" title="Kailali District">
Kailali District

Kailali District (), a part of Seti Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dhangadhi as its district headquarters, covers an area of and has a population (2001) of 616,697 and (2011) of 775,709. Dhangadhi is a center of attraction of not only Kailali district but of the whole seti zone. The district also contains Tikapur Park, one of the biggest parks in Nepal, and Godha-Ghodi Tal(lake) located at Sukhad Kailali.
Towns and villages.
Basauti
Beladevipur
Bhajani
Bauniyan
Piprawa
Chaumala
Dansinhapur
Darakh
Dhangadhi Municipality
Dododhara
Durgauli
Gadariya
Geta
Godawari
Hasuliya
Janakinagar
Joshipur
Khailad
Khairala
Kota Tulsipur
Lalbojhi
Lamki Chuha Municipality
Malakheti
Masuriya
Mohanyal
Munuwa
Nigali
Pahalmanpur
Pandaun
Pawera
Phulwari
Pratapur
Ramsikhar Jhala
Ratnapur
Sadepani
Sahajpur
Sreepur
Sugarkhal
Thapapur
Tikapur Municipality
Udasipur
Urma

</doc>
<doc id="2919047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919047" title="Kalikot District">
Kalikot District

Kalikot District(, a part of Karnali Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Manma as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,741 km², had a population of 105,580 in 2001 and 136,948 in 2011. In September 2005, in a bid to encourage a change in social attitudes, the government announced that it would provide rice to any family that had recently had a girl born.

</doc>
<doc id="2919048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919048" title="List of state leaders in 258">
List of state leaders in 258


</doc>
<doc id="2919052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919052" title="Kanchanpur District">
Kanchanpur District

Kanchanpur District (, a part of Mahakali Zone, is one of seventy-five districts of Nepal. Kanchanpur was named after Kanchan Pal the Katyuri Kings and located in the district are Dodhara and Chadani (two islands in the Mahakali river) and the Shuklaphata Wildlife Reserve.
Political divisions.
There are 4 MP from Kanchanpur District. In election of 2013 AD all area are won by Nepali Congress, which is largest party of Nation.
NP Saud, Ramesh Lekhak, Bahadur Singh Thapa & Diwansingh Bist are MPs from Kanchanpur District.
Communication and Media.
FM Stations and News Papers of Kanchanpur District
@lotus yogi
References.
DINESH OJHA

</doc>
<doc id="2919053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919053" title="Winifred Nicholson">
Winifred Nicholson

Winifred Nicholson (21 December 1893 – 5 March 1981) was an English painter, a colourist who developed a personalized impressionistic style that concentrated on domestic subjects and landscapes. In her work, the two motifs are often combined in a view out of a window, featuring flowers in a vase or a jug.
Life.
Nicholson was born in Oxford as Rosa Winifred Roberts. Her parents were the Liberal Party politician Charles Henry Roberts and Lady Cecilia, daughter of the politician George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle, and the activist Rosalind Howard, Countess of Carlisle. Her interest in painting started early in life. Lord Carlisle was an accomplished painter as well as a friend and patron of many distinguished astists, including the Pre-Raphaelites and members of the Etruscan school. Nicholson began painting with Howard around age 11. She attended the Byam Shaw School of Art. An artist friend from Byam Shaw was Edith Jenkinson (Eejay Hooper), much of whose work was destroyed in bombing during World War II. The poet and literary critic Kathleen Raine was another friend later in her career.
Nicholson married the artist Ben Nicholson in 1920. There were three children of the marriage, including Kate Nicholson, who also became an artist. In the 1920s Winifred became a Christian Scientist, an allegiance that lasted for the rest of her life. Although it is sometimes said incorrectly that with Ben, Winifred formed part of the artist colony at St Ives, Cornwall, she was never permanently living there. Although she painted less in the abstract style than in the representational, she did experiment with her own form of abstraction in the 1930s. Influences between her and Ben were mutual, Ben often admitting he learnt much about colour from his first wife. After they separated, she lived half of each year during the 1930s in Paris. After her divorce from Ben Nicholson in 1938, she spent most of the rest of her long life in Cumberland, at Boothby where her father lived, and at Bankshead, both near Lanercost.
She died in Cumbria on 5 March 1981.
Work.
She painted prolifically throughout her life, largely at home but also on trips to Greece and Scotland, among other places. Many of her works are still in private collections, but a number are in the Kettle's Yard art gallery, Cambridge, and several key works belong to Tate. One painting is believed to have hung at 10 Downing Street. She had a lifelong fascination for rainbow and spectrum colours and in the 1970s she made particularly strong, innovative use of such colours in many of her paintings. She left some written accounts of her thoughts on colour.
Nicholson supported the Taiwanese artist Li Yuan-chia, who had previously worked in Milan and London. He ran the "LYC Museum", close to Bankshead. Significant exhibitions of her works have taken place at the Tate Gallery (1987), at the Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery in Carlisle, Cumbria, at Kettle's Yard in Cambridge and at the Dean Gallery in Edinburgh. Her auction record of £145,000 was set at Bonham's auction house in London in March 2011 for her 1952 oil on canvas "Sea Treasures".

</doc>
<doc id="2919059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919059" title="List of state leaders in 259">
List of state leaders in 259


</doc>
<doc id="2919060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919060" title="Kaski District">
Kaski District

Kaski District ( , a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The name is disambiguated from Kaskikot, the ancient Kaski Kingdom.
The district, with Pokhara as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,017 km² and had a population in 2001 of 380,527.
The district covers parts of the Annapurna mountain range, and the picturesque scene of the mountains can be observed from most parts of the district. It is one of the best tourist destinations of Nepal.
The centroid of Nepal lies in this district.
Towns and villages (VDCs).
Arba Vijaya,
Armala,
Begnas,
Bhachok,
Bhadaure Tamagi,
Bharat Pokhari,
Chapakot,
Dangsing,
Deurali,
Dhampus,
Dhikur Pokhari,
Dhital,
Ghachok,
Ghandruk,
Hansapur,
Hemaja,
Kahun,
Kalika,
Kaskikot,
Kritinachnechaur,
Lahachok,
Lamachaur,
Lekhnath
Lumle,
Lwangghale,
Machhapuchchhre,
Majhthana,
Mala,
Mauja,
Mijuredada,
Namarjung,
Nirmalpokhari,
Parche,
Pokhara,
Pumdibhumdi,
Puranchaur,
Rakhi,
Reevan,
Rupakot,
Saimarang,
Salyan,
Sarangkot,
Sardikhola,
Shisuwa,
Siddha,
Sildujure,
Thumakodada,
Thumki,
Valam

</doc>
<doc id="2919070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919070" title="Westsyde, Kamloops">
Westsyde, Kamloops

Westsyde is a residential neighbourhood in the city of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. It is located along the west bank of the North Thompson River. The 2001 Canadian Census put the population of Westsyde at 7797.
Parks.
The park has a fenced dog park area attached. It is an off-leash area located on the NE side of the dyke only.
Sport.
25m 6 lane pool, diving board 
hot tub and water slide 
climbing wall, tarzan rope 
weight room, (Sauna and steam rooms - coming Aug 2011)
Equipped with care aide/family change room and baby change tables. Approx. 1,000 sq. ft. activity room available to rent.

</doc>
<doc id="2919078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919078" title="Eurydice (disambiguation)">
Eurydice (disambiguation)

In Greek mythology, Eurydice is the wife of the musician Orpheus.
Eurydice or Euridice may also refer to:

</doc>
