<doc id="2906948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906948" title="Midland Theatre">
Midland Theatre

The Midland Theatre, known officially for sponsorship purposes as Arvest Bank Theatre at the Midland, is a 3,573-seat theater located in the Power & Light District of Kansas City, Missouri, USA. The National Collegiate Athletic Association under Walter Byers had its headquarters in the building from the 1950s until it moved to 6299 Nall Avenue at Shawnee Mission Parkway in Mission, Kansas in 1971.
The theatre was originally known as the Loew's Midland Theatre until 1961. Over the years, the theatre has been known by various name including: Saxon Theatre, Midland Stadium, Midland 1-2-3 Theatre, Midland Theatre and The Midland by AMC.
Design.
It was built by Marcus Loew, completed in 1927, at a cost of $4 million and is the largest historic theater within 250 miles of the city. The Midland was designed by architect Thomas W. Lamb of New York and the Boller Brothers of Kansas City, and Boaz-Kiel Construction of St. Louis erected the structure. The theatre, built in French and Italian Baroque, was representative of Lamb's work in the late 1920s.
The exterior of the theatre was constructed in a Renaissance Revival style in cream glazed terra cotta brick, adorned with engaged pilasters, winged figures, leaves, flowers, swags, volutes, urns, and arches. A four-story arched window rose above a copper and gold marquee that contained 3,600 light bulbs.
The theater is well known for its over 500,000 feet of gold leaf, five giant Czechoslovakian hand-cut crystal chandeliers, irreplaceable art objects and precious antiques, and spectacular wood and plaster work.
At the time the Loew's Midland opened, it was home to a Robert-Morgan theatre pipe organ. The organ was used at the theatre until after World War II, when larger screen sound movies eventually resulted in the end for stage shows and in-house organ music. The organ began to deteriorate from lack of use until it was purchased and removed in the 1960s by Robert Fray and placed in his home. After the organ changed hands and was moved across the country several more times, it was eventually purchased by local enthusiasts in 1984 and is now at home in the Kansas City Music Hall.
The Midland closed in January 1961, and then after some remodeling, it briefly reopened as an arena that served as the home for Kansas City's professional bowling team, the Kansas City Stars. The Stars were financially unsuccessful, and they left the Midland in December of the same year.
AMC Ownership.
AMC Theatres purchased the Midland in 1966, and the theatre continued to operate as a movie house until 1981. Since then, it has become a performance hall, still used today for concerts, Broadway and stage shows, ballet and other events. It has also served as the Kansas City home of the annual Radio City Christmas Spectacular over more recent years. The theatre was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Redevelopment.
In 2007, AMC and the Cordish Company formed a partnership to undertake a multi-million dollar renovation of the historic venue. Since reopening in late 2008, the theater was called the Midland by AMC and hosted events promoted by the AEG Live company. 
Among the major changes made in the redevelopment, the main-level seating rows were removed and replaced with a tiered open floor plan that allows for cabaret-style tables and chairs, or standing room for general admission events. The Midland's exterior marquee was restored to its original 1927 appearance. The five level office portion of the theatre that faces Main Street was converted into a mix of bars, lounges, and administrative space. According to the Cordish Company of Baltimore, the developer of the project, all changes meet historic preservation guidelines as required by state and federal governments.
On September 4, 2013, AEG Live, the Cordish Company and Arvest Bank announced that the bank had acquired a multi-year naming rights partnership to the Midland Theatre. The announcement coincided with a celebration of the fifth anniversary of the theater's re-launch in September 2008.  The venue's name officially became the Arvest Bank Theatre at The Midland on September 13, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2906956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906956" title="Belfast Central Library">
Belfast Central Library

Belfast Central Library is a public library in Royal Avenue, Belfast, Northern Ireland. Opened in 1888, it was one of the first major public library buildings in Ireland.
A competition for the design of the building was won by architect W H Lynn in 1883 and it was built by H & J Martin builders. Designed to reflect the ambitions of the growing city of Belfast, its architecture is a fine example of a public building at the height of the Victorian age. On a black granite base, the Dumfries red sandstone exterior with a slightly Italianate feel, houses a three-floor interior with a sweeping staircase, a pillared foyer, and a fine domed first-floor reading room. The top floor originally included a museum and art gallery. The building is a notable part of the 19th-century cityscape of modern Belfast. It survived undamaged through the Belfast Blitz of World War II and the Troubles of the late 20th century.
The library is located in the library and Cathedral Quarter, on the edge of Belfast City Centre and close to the Belfast Campus of the University of Ulster. Two additional buildings were added to the site in the 1960s and 1980s, providing staff accommodation and extra storage. These reflect the growth in the book stock of the library in the intervening decades. A newspaper library is situated in the 1980s building and accessed from Library Street.
The Library is now run by Northern Ireland Libraries, a public authority covering the whole of Northern Ireland. Belfast Central Library houses a range of sections, including a lending library & Information and Business library still based in the original reading room. A Belfast, Ulster and Irish Department & Music Library on the top floor. It is a major provider of IT facilities on the ground floor providing free internet access.
Special collections.
The Library has a number of special collections, including a fine book collection, the library and manuscripts of Francis Joseph Bigger, the manuscripts of the eccentric Amanda McKittrick Ross and the manuscripts of the Ulster playwright Sam Thompson.
The Northern Ireland Music Archive is a computerised database housing recordings, scores and other materials relating to music created by Northern Ireland composers/artists. The Archive, which was funded and developed by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland houses music from the contemporary/classical genre, as well as folk and traditional materials from the Geoff Harden Archive.
Northern Ireland Screen has also placed an access point to their Digital Film Archive in the Lending Library.

</doc>
<doc id="2906970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906970" title="Shikō Munakata">
Shikō Munakata

, was a woodblock printmaker active in Shōwa period Japan. He is associated with the "sōsaku-hanga" movement and the "mingei" (folk art) movement. Munakata was awarded the "Prize of Excellence" at the Second International Print Exhibition in Lugano, Switzerland in 1952. He was awarded the Order of Culture, the highest honor in the arts by the Japanese government in 1970.
Early life.
Munakata was born in Aomori city, Aomori prefecture in northern Honshū as the third of 15 children to a local blacksmith. Due to the impoverished circumstances of his family, he had only an elementary school education; however, he exhibited a passion for art from early childhood. In third grade, he began illustrating kites for his classmates.
Munakata later claimed that his artistic endeavors were sparked by Vincent van Gogh's (1853–1890) "Still Life: Vase with Five Flowers", a reproduction of which was given to him by his teacher when he was 17. Upon viewing of van Gogh's artwork, young Munakata decided that he wanted to become the “van Gogh of Aomori”. In 1924, Munakata moved to Tokyo in order to fulfill his decision to become a professional painter in oils.
Munakata's early career was not without obstacles. Unable to sell his paintings, he was forced to repair shoes and sell "natto" part-time to survive. He was rejected by the "Bunten" (The Japan Art Academy Exhibition) four times, until one of his paintings was finally accepted in 1928. However, by this date, his attention had shifted away from oil painting to the traditional Japanese art of woodblock printing.
The Path towards Woodblock Prints.
In 1926, Munakata saw Kawakami Sumio's black-and-white woodcut "Early Summer Breeze", and decided to work on black-and-white prints. From 1928 onwards, Hiratsuka Unichi (1895–1997), another renowned "sōsaku-hanga" printmaker, taught Munakata wood carving. In 1929, four of his prints were accepted by the "Shunyokai" Exhibition, which bolstered his confidence in the new medium. In the following year, four more of his works were accepted for the "Kokugakai" national exhibition, thus establishing him in his career.
In 1935, Yanagi Sōetsu (1889–1961), father of the "mingei" (folk art) movement, saw Munakata's prints at the Kokugakai's annual spring exhibition, and bought twenty-five prints of "Yamato shi Uruwashi" by Munakata. This event changed Munakata's life. From then on Munakata was closely associated with the Japanese folk art movement. In 1936, Munakata went to Kyoto and visited many Buddhist temples and saw many sculptures. Munakata's exposure to Buddhist religious imagery influenced his artistic style significantly. "Ten Great Disciples of the Buddha" (1939) is considered to be his greatest masterpiece.
Munakata's house and most of his woodblocks were destroyed in the American firebombing of Tokyo in May 1945 his pet was also killed. He relocated to Fukumitsu Town, Toyama Prefecture from 1945-1951.
Postwar period.
After World War II, Munakata produced numerous woodblock prints, paintings in watercolor and oil, calligraphy, and illustrated books. He moved his studio to Kamakura, Kanagawa to be closer to Tokyo. He traveled overseas to the United States and Europe in 1959, giving lectures at a number of overseas universities. His works received critical acclaim both in Japan and overseas, and he received many prizes.
Munakata was awarded the "Prize of Excellence" at the Second International Print Exhibition in Lugano, Switzerland in 1952, and first prize at the Sao Paulo Bienal Exhibition in Brazil in 1955, followed by Grand Prix at the Venice Biennale in 1956. He was awarded the Order of Culture, the highest honor in the arts, by the Japanese government in 1970.
Munakata died at his home in Tokyo. His grave is in Aomori, and his gravestone is patterned after that of Vincent van Gogh.
Subject Matter and Technique.
Munakata took many of his themes from the traditions of his native Aomori in northern Japan, including the local people's love of nature and folk festivals such as the Nebuta festival. Munakata's belief and philosophy were engrained in Zen Buddhism. His prints feature images of floating nude females representing Shinto "kami" that inhabit trees and plants. Inspired by poetry of the Heian period, Munakata also incorporated poetry and calligraphy into his prints.
This extremely shortsighted artist brought his face almost into contact with the wood when he carved. In his words, “the mind goes and the tool walks alone”. Munakata carved with amazing speed and scarcely used any preparatory sketches, producing spontaneous vitality that is unique to his prints. During the early stage of his career, Munakata worked exclusively on black-and-white prints. Later on, upon the advice of Yanagi Sōetsu (1889–1961), Munakata colored his prints from the back, a technique called "urazaishiki".
Munakata's Philosophy on Woodblock Prints.
Unlike Kōshirō Onchi (1891–1955), father of the "sōsaku-hanga" movement, who advocated artists’ expression of the “self” in creating prints, Munakata disclaimed all responsibilities as creator of art. For Munakata, artistic creation is one but many of the manifestations of nature's force and beauty, which is inherent in the woodblock itself. Munakata called prints “"itaga"” instead of “"hanga"”, emphasizing the material instead of the process of printing. (written in the same kanji, “"han"” refers to the process of printing, whereas “"ita"” refers to the woodblock itself). In Munakata words, “the essence of "hanga" lies in the fact that one must give in to the ways of the board…there is a power in the board, and one cannot force the tool against that power.” Munakata’s subject matter and artistic style are very much characterized by his philosophy on the supremacy of the woodblock material and nature’s inherent force and beauty.
Quotations of Shiko Munakata.
"Like the vastness of space, like a universe unlimited, untold, unattainable, and inscrutable- that is the woodcut."
"The nature of the woodcut is such, that even a mistake in its carving will not prevent it from its true materialization."
"The concern that it be ugly is characteristic of human thoughts and not of the woodcut itself."
"It is inherent in the woodcut that it can never be ugly"
"The woodcut, unconcerned with good and evil, with ideas, with differences, tells us that it consists of truth alone,"
"It is precisely the beauty of this <way> which will further enlarge the limitlessness of the world of beauty."
(from Shiko Munakata, "Munakata: the “Way” of the Woodcut", Brooklyn, Pratt Adlib Press, 1961).
Philately.
One of Munakata’s works, “Benzaiten”, appeared on a 1982 commemorative postage stamp issued by the Japanese government as part of a series on modern Japanese art.

</doc>
<doc id="2906973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906973" title="Kneading">
Kneading

Kneading is a process in the making of bread or pasta dough, used to mix the ingredients and add strength to the final product. Its importance lies in the mixing of flour with water. When these two ingredients are combined and kneaded, the gliadin and glutenin proteins in the flour expand and form strands of gluten, which gives bread its texture. (To aid gluten production, many recipes use bread flour, which is higher in protein than all-purpose flour.) The kneading process warms and stretches these gluten strands, eventually creating a springy and elastic dough. If bread dough is not kneaded enough, it will not be able to hold the tiny pockets of gas (CO2) created by the leavening agent (such as yeast or baking powder), and will collapse, leaving a heavy and dense loaf.
Kneading can be performed by hand (the traditional way), with a mixer equipped with a dough hook, or with a bread machine. The dough is put on a floured surface, pressed and stretched with the heel of the hand, folded over, and rotated through 90° repeatedly. This process continues until the dough is elastic and smooth. The dough can then be allowed to rise or "prove".
Similar to kneading is knocking back or punching down, which is done to the dough after proving. The dough is punched once or twice, after which it is kneaded gently for a short time. The aim of this is to remove any large air pockets which have formed in the dough, create an even texture in the bread and redistribute the nutrients for the yeast, thus allowing fermentation to continue. The dough can then be proved a second time. Another method of knocking back (also known as "folding") is to gently stretch and pat out the proved dough before folding the sides in towards the centre.
In bread baking, kneading can be substituted by allowing a relatively wet, low-yeast dough to rise for more than twelve hours; this method is referred to as no-knead bread.

</doc>
<doc id="2906989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906989" title="Ghaychak">
Ghaychak

Ghaychak or Ghijak is the name of several bowed instruments of Asia :
Double-chambered bowl lute.
A double-chambered bowl lute with 4 or more metal strings and a short fretless neck. It is used by Iranians and Baloch people, and is similar to Sarinda. The soundbox is carved out of a single piece of wood. The upper orifice is partly covered in the middle by the handle and the lower one is covered by a skin membrane against which the bridge rests.
Spike lutes.
A spike lute, either with a bowl soundbox (similar to kamancheh), or with a box soundbox often made from a tin can, with three or four metal strings. It is used by Afghans, Uzbeks, Uyghurs, Tajiks, Turkmens and Qaraqalpaks. 

</doc>
<doc id="2906992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906992" title="Yellow Claw">
Yellow Claw

The Yellow Claw is a fictional comic book supervillain in comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Al Feldstein and artist Joe Maneely, the character first appeared in "Yellow Claw" #1 (Oct. 1956), published by Atlas Comics, the 1950s predecessor of Marvel.
Publication history.
While the short-lived espionage series named for him ran only four issues (Oct. 1956 – April 1957), it featured work by such notable artists as Joe Maneely, Jack Kirby, and John Severin, and introduced characters later integrated into Marvel Comics continuity. The series chronicled the adventures of a Chinese-American FBI agent, Jimmy Woo, and his battles against a "yellow peril" Communist mandarin, known only as the Yellow Claw. The title character was a Fu Manchu manqué (indeed, Fu Manchu author Sax Rohmer had a novel titled "The Yellow Claw") whose grandniece, Suwan, was in love with Woo. 
Kirby took over as writer-artist with issue #2 — inking his own pencil art there and in the following issue, representing two of the very rare occasions on which he did so. Well regarded for its relatively mature storyline and in particular for Maneely's atmospheric art, the series nevertheless failed to find an audience. Its influence was felt during the 1960s Silver Age of comics, however, as writer-artist Jim Steranko brought the Yellow Claw into Marvel Comics continuity, beginning with the "Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D." feature in "Strange Tales" #160 (Sept. 1967), which introduced a robot version of the character; the actual Yellow Claw resurfaced later. Woo was reintroduced that same issue, eventually joining the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D. in "Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D." #2 (July 1968).
Fictional character biography.
The Yellow Claw was born over 150 years ago somewhere in mainland China. Like Fu Manchu, he is both a genius in biochemistry and a brilliant scientist and inventor in many fields, in addition to being an expert in mysticism, alchemy, and the martial arts. The Yellow Claw has formulated elixirs that have prolonged his life span, enabling him to retain his physical vitality. Following his Nick Fury appearances, artists have depicted him with an unusual, jaundiced-looking, yellowish skin tone, possibly as a result of his life-extension chemical.
The Yellow Claw has dedicated himself to achieving world domination and supplanting Western civilization. He controls a worldwide criminal organization, along with a staff of research scientists and engineers. In 1942, the Yellow Claw encountered Lady Lotus in New York's Chinatown. In the 1950s, he forged a pact with Communist Chinese leaders including General Sung whereby the Claw would seek to conquer the West for China. In fact, this was simply a ruse, and he intended to conquer the world for himself. 
The Yellow Claw was aided by his second-in-command, the Nazi war criminal Karl von Horstbaden, alias Fritz von Voltzmann. However, the Claw was continually foiled by FBI agent Jimmy Woo and betrayed by his sole living relative, his grandniece Suwan, whom he could not bring himself to kill.
The Yellow Claw sent troops to invade Liberty Island and activate his Id paralyzer, but was foiled by Nick Fury and Captain America. Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D. battled robots of Yellow Claw and his cohorts. Eventually, the Yellow Claw left the United States, placing the meddlesome Suwan in suspended animation. After severing ties with the People's Republic of China, the Claw fused Suwan's spirit with that of the conquest-minded ancient Egyptian princess Fanle-tamen. During a subsequent battle with Nick Fury, Captain America, the Falcon, and S.H.I.E.L.D., however, the Claw was betrayed by the vengeful Suwan; he transferred the spirit of Fan-le-tamen to himself, which caused Suwan to crumble into dust, and he escaped. The Yellow Claw later took part in the Black Lama's contest of super-villains, in which he defeated and apparently killed rival Chinese supervillain the Mandarin. He also battled the superhero Iron Man, but then abandoned the Black Lama's contest and escaped. He then made an attempt to destroy New York City using a tidal wave, but was foiled by Nova, Nick Fury, and S.H.I.E.L.D. He then planned to father sons by various genetically superior women, then sterilize mankind and rule the world, but this plot was foiled by the superhero team the Avengers. The Yellow Claw then attempted to destroy New York City, but was foiled by Captain America, Frog-Man, Spider-Man, the Human Torch, Angel, Beast, and Iceman. The Yellow Claw later recruited the second Madame Hydra as his new heir. He battled Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D., but witnessed the defeat of Madame Hydra's forces, and was responsible for the reunion of Fury and Dum Dum Dugan.
Robot Yellow Claw.
In the Yellow Claw stories in "Strange Tales", Marvel super-spy Nick Fury fought a being whom he believed to be the Yellow Claw. However, this was actually just a robot created by Doctor Doom as part of an elaborate, potentially world-destroying game between Doom and another of his robotic creations, the Prime Mover. The "Suwan" and "Voltzmann" accompanying this Yellow Claw were also robot impostors.
In the later "Strange Tales", it is unclear if this Yellow Claw is a robot (e.g., when he attempts to destroy the United Nations).
"Agents of Atlas".
The Yellow Claw appears as a character in the 2006–2007 Marvel series "Agents of Atlas". In issue #4 (Jan. 2007), he claims that the phrase "Yellow Claw" is actually a mis-transliteration of the Chinese characters, and that his title is actually "Golden Claw".
In issue #6, he revealed his true name to be Plan Chu, khan of a secret Mongol dynasty, who had chosen Jimmy Woo to be his heir. All his schemes to "conquer the world" had the secondary purpose of giving Woo an Asian menace to fight against and establish his credentials as a true American hero. However, the plan did not succeed, as Jimmy was simply promoted to a bureaucratic desk job. Dispirited, the Claw established the Atlas Foundation.
After revealing the truth to Woo — who accepted the role of khan in order to turn the Atlas Foundation and secret Mongol dynasty into a force for good — Plan Chu, like all the previous khans, allowed himself to be eaten by Mr. Lao, a powerful immortal dragon, ensuring there could not be two khans.
Powers and abilities.
Through manipulation of the forces of magic, the Yellow Claw is able to create certain effects, including reanimating the dead. He also has the ability to psychically influence the sensory perceptions of others, enabling him to cast extremely realistic illusions. As a result of ingesting chemical elixirs, he has extended his life span; the Yellow Claw's extended life-span is dependent on the continued efficacy of his life-prolonging elixirs.
The Yellow Claw is an extraordinary genius with extensive knowledge in various sciences, particularly biochemistry and genetics. He is also proficient in robotics, and has considerable knowledge of black magical lore. He is a master of Chinese martial arts, and is an expert hand-to-hand combatant.
The Yellow Claw wears body armor and has access to various weapons, as needed. He has access to specialized technology, including an Id paralyzer that creates slaves subject to his telepathic control, and a mind-amplification helmet that harnesses the psychic energies of his mind-slaves as destructive force. He also has access to gigantic and hideously mutated creatures of his own design, created by biologists in his employ.
Other versions.
In an alternate universe, in the late 1950s, the Yellow Claw recruited a team of superhuman minions and abducted president Dwight D. Eisenhower. He battled and was defeated by the 1950s "Avengers" team.
"Yellow Claw" reprints.
Some of the stories from the "Yellow Claw" series have been reprinted in other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="2906994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906994" title="Jason Zimbler">
Jason Zimbler

Jason Zimbler (born July 27, 1977) is an American actor, theatre director, and software designer.
Personal life.
Born in New York City, Zimbler graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1998, and has both an undergraduate degree in Business Administration and a graduate degree in Theatre Directing. In 1992, Zimbler spoke in front of the United States House of Representatives' United States House Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, discussing issues concerning free condom distribution in school and the images of today's heroes.
Career.
, Zimbler is employed by HBO as a software designer.
Television.
Zimbler appeared on "The Edge of Night", and co-starred in the Nickelodeon television program "Clarissa Explains It All" from 1991 to 1994 as the character Ferguson W. Darling; "The Portland Mercury"s Alison Hallett opined that it is this latter role—as "the world’s brattiest little brother"—for which Zimbler is best known. In 2007, Zimbler joined other past Nickelodeon stars (Danny Cooksey, Michael Maronna, and Marc Summers) in the music video for The XYZ Affair's "All My Friends".
Theatre.
Zimbler played Robert Anderson in the 1989 revival of "Shenandoah". Since then he has directed and assisted theatre productions in New York City, including frequent participation with the Impetuous Theater Group. Zimbler received the 2006 Stage Directors and Choreographers Society's Observership for "Burleigh Grime$", and was chosen to take part in the 2007 Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts' Director's Lab. Additionally, the director has been an educator and theatre program head at Buck's Rock Performing and Creative Arts Camp for eight years.
In late 2007, Jason Zimbler and Sam Kusnetz founded the theatre company The Re-Theatre Instrument in Portland, Oregon. Under Zimbler's direction, The Re-Theatre Instrument has re-imagined such classic works as "Faust", "King Lear" and "Much Ado About Nothing".

</doc>
<doc id="2906998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906998" title="George Hogg">
George Hogg

George Hogg (born 2 December 1869) was a Scottish footballer who spent most of his career with Heart of Midlothian.
Hogg began his career with home-town juvenile side West Calder before moving to nearby junior side Mossend Swifts. He moved to League side Hearts in 1892 and became a professional the following year, when professionalism was legalised in Scotland. During his time with the Gorgie side he won two League titles, in 1894-95 and 1896-97, and two Scottish Cup winners medals, in 1895-96 and 1900-01.
Although primarily a defensive player, earning the sobriquet "Tynecastle Warhorse" as a testament to his power and stamina, he was also capable of playing a more refined game when required. He played twice for the Scottish national team, both times in 1896. He made his debut in a 2-1 win against England and also played in a 3-3 draw with Ireland. He made one appearance for the Scottish League representative side.
Hogg retired after suffering a serious knee injury during the 1903-04 season. He later emigrated to South Africa where he spent the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="2907004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907004" title="LIRs">
LIRs

LIRS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2907006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907006" title="Fotherington-Thomas">
Fotherington-Thomas

Basil Fotherington-Thomas is a classic fictional character in a series of books by Geoffrey Willans and Ronald Searle starring the archetypal English prep school boy of the 1950s, Nigel Molesworth, who is the supposed author. 
Nigel is a schoolboy at St Custard's, a fictional (and terrible) prep school located in a carefully unspecified part of England. Nigel's spelling is extremely uneven, a feature found endearing by fans. This extends to Fotherington-Thomas's name: Nigel always misspells it 'Fotherington-Tomas'. 
Whilst Nigel epitomises the worthy inky and earthy school boy, Fotherington-Thomas is the opposite, being an effete and loathed sissy. Fotherington-Thomas is reported to bear a certain resemblance to Little Lord Fauntleroy; whilst he is also a student at St. Custard's school, he is regularly dismissed as a being a 'gurl' and a sissy by Molesworth due to his curly blond locks and his questionable tendency to skip around the school saying such things as "hullo clouds, hullo sky". In several footballing scenes in the books, Fotherington-Thomas plays in goal. He is a surprisingly talented tennis-player.

</doc>
<doc id="2907015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907015" title="Broughtonia">
Broughtonia

Broughtonia is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) native to the Bahamas and the Greater Antilles. The genus is abbreviated Bro in trade journals.
Species.
As presently constituted (May 2014), "Broughtonia" consists of 6 accepted natural species plus one recognized nothospecies.
The haploid chromosome number of one species, "B. sanguinea", has been determined as "n" = 20.

</doc>
<doc id="2907019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907019" title="David C. Russo">
David C. Russo

David C. Russo (born October 8, 1953) is an American Republican Party politician, who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he has represented the 40th legislative district since 1990. 
He serves in the Assembly on the Homeland Security and State Preparedness Committee.
Russo served as Attorney for the Borough of Bergenfield from 2002-2005 and served as attorney for Bergenfield's Zoning Board of Adjustment from 1988-1989. He was the Municipal Prosecutor for the Township of Wyckoff from 1987-1988 and served as an attorney for the Bergen County Office on Aging from 1986-1987.
David C. Russo graduated with a B.A. from the College of William and Mary in History and received a J.D. from Seton Hall University School of Law. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey, and currently resides in Ridgewood.
Russo ran for the Republican congressional nomination in in 2002, coming in second to fellow Assemblyman Scott Garrett in the primary in a three-way race to succeed Marge Roukema. Garrett subsequently won the general election and was sworn into the United States Congress in January 2003. He has been re-elected three times.
District 40.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 40th District for the 2008-2009 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2907023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907023" title="War against the Bandits">
War against the Bandits

The War Against the Bandits () is a name given by the Cuban government to a six-year rebellion (1959–1965) in the Escambray Mountains by a group of insurgents who opposed the country's government led by Fidel Castro. The rebellion is known abroad as the Escambray Rebellion.
The rebelling group of insurgents was a mix of former Batista soldiers, local farmers, and former allied guerrillas who had fought alongside Castro against Batista during the Cuban Revolution. The end result was the elimination of all insurgents by Cuban government forces in 1965.
Rebellion.
The uprising began almost immediately after the success of the Cuban Revolution in 1959. It was led by former anti-Batista revolutionaries that rejected the Castro coup and the ensuing close ties to the Soviet Union and local peasants who were disenchanted by his expropriations. The insurgent "guajiro" rural farmers were aided by some former Batista's forces, but were mostly led by former Directorio Revolucionario Estudantil rebels (13 March Movement), such as anti-communists Osvaldo Ramirez and Comandante William Alexander Morgan, both of whom had fought Batista's "casquitos" in the same area only a few years before (Morgan himself was executed in 1961 long before the resistance ended). The CIA provided some aid to the insurgents, but withdrew all support after the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion in 1961, ensuring their ultimate defeat. Some of the failures could be attributed to Castro’s "roll up" of CIA operatives in Cuba. Following the failure of the Bay of Pigs Invasion, Osvaldo Ramirez returned to the Escambray Mountains and declined an offer by Fidel Castros' emissary, Comandante Faure Chomón, to surrender. According to Dr. Miguel A. Faria, Chomon had been Ramirez's chief in the Revolutionary Directorate in the Escambray during the guerrilla war against Batista. 
The Cuban government's main tactic was to deploy thousands of troops against small groups of rebels, forming progressively constricting rings of encirclement. The Communist leaders that Castro sent to clear the Escambray Mountains were ordered to exterminate the rebels. They were to "comb the brush, elbow to elbow" until they had completely cleared the hills of anticommunist rebels. The leaders of the Cuban counter-insurgent forces "Lucha contra Bandidos" (LCB) were Commandantes Raul Menendez Tomassevich, founding member of the Cuban Communist Party and Lizardo Proenza.
Superior numbers and the lack of outside assistance, particularly supplies, led to the rebels' defeat. The outnumbered anticommunist guerrillas often fought to the death. Cuban forces used sweeps by long columns of militia, which cost the government substantial losses but ultimately won the war. Hispano-Soviet advisor Francisco Ciutat de Miguel, who was also present at the Bay of Pigs Invasion, played a major role in the pacification operation. Castro employed overwhelming force, at times sending in as many as 250,000 government troops. The insurgency was eventually crushed by the Castros' use of vastly superior numbers. Some of the insurgents ultimately surrendered, but they were immediately executed by firing squad. Only a handful managed to escape.
The War Against the Bandits actually lasted longer and involved more soldiers than had the previous struggle against Batista's forces. Cuban government combat leader Victor Dreke gave a pro-Castro viewpoint in his 2002 book "From el Escambray to the Congo". This is notable for its virulent condemnation of former comrades from the war against Batista. However, Dreke also describes the tactics and mindset of the Cuban government forces and its ruthless use of force and no-prisoners attitude.

</doc>
<doc id="2907024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907024" title="Braulio of Zaragoza">
Braulio of Zaragoza

Saint Braulio or Braulius (in Latin "Braulio Caesaraugustanus"), bishop of Zaragoza (590–651), was a learned cleric of 7th century Hispania. He succeeded his brother John in the see where he had previously been archdeacon. He was an advisor and confidante of several Visigothic kings, including Chindasuinth, whose son Recceswinth he recommended be installed as associate king.
He wrote a life of San Millan. He is reported to have encouraged Isidore of Seville in his encyclopaedic ambitions, and to have had a hand in the revision of his works. He was present at the councils of Toledo in 633, 636, and 638 and he responded on behalf of the Iberian clergy to Pope Honorius I's charge that they were neglectful of their duties. He went blind before death. He was buried in what is now the church of Nuestra Señora del Pilar in Zaragoza. He was succeeded as bishop of Zaragoza by Taius (Taio), who had been his pupil.
He is buried in La Seo Cathedral, Zaragoza.

</doc>
<doc id="2907033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907033" title="Laeliopsis">
Laeliopsis

NOTE: For the genus of orchids named "Laeliopsis", click here.
Laeliopsis is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.

</doc>
<doc id="2907039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907039" title="Live at the Roxy (Social Distortion album)">
Live at the Roxy (Social Distortion album)

Live at the Roxy is a live album by the Southern California punk rock group Social Distortion. It was released on June 30, 1998, on their own Time Bomb label. It is the last Social Distortion album to feature Dennis Danell.
Track listing.
All songs written by Mike Ness unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2907040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907040" title="Shchyokino (town), Tula Oblast">
Shchyokino (town), Tula Oblast

Schyokino () is a town and the administrative center of Shchyokinsky District of Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Moscow—Simferopol highway (M2) south of Tula. Population: 72,000 (1977).
It was founded in 1871 in connection with the development of brown coal deposits and soon supplanted Krapivna as the main settlement in the district. It was granted town status in 1938. The name derives from a village of Shchyokino, which then grew into a town proper.

</doc>
<doc id="2907049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907049" title="Andrew Constable, Lord Constable">
Andrew Constable, Lord Constable

Arthur (Andrew) Henderson Briggs Constable, Lord Constable CBE KC FRSE (3 March 1865 – 4 November 1928) was a Scottish advocate, judge and Tory politician. He served as Dean of Faculty and as Solicitor General.
Born in Benarty, Fife, and educated at Dollar Academy and at Edinburgh University, where he was Vans Dunlop Scholar in Political Economy, he was admitted as an advocate in 1889 and appointed a King's Counsel in 1908.
He was unsuccessful Tory parliamentary candidate for East Fife in 1900, Kirkcaldy Burghs in 1906, Montrose Burghs in 1908 and Glasgow Blackfriars in 1910.
He served as Sheriff of Caithness from 1917 to 1920 and of Argyll from February–May 1920, when he was appointed Dean of the Faculty of Advocates.
He briefly served as Solicitor General for Scotland from March to June 1922. He was appointed a Senator of the College of Justice in 1922, with the judicial title Lord Constable.
He was appointed a CBE in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="2907075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907075" title="Spoofed URL">
Spoofed URL

A Spoofed URL describes one website that poses as another website. It sometimes applies a mechanism that exploits bugs in web browser technology, allowing a malicious computer attack. Such attacks are most effective against computers that lack recent security patches. Others are designed for the purpose of a parody.
During such an attack, a computer user innocently visits a web site and sees a familiar URL in the address bar such as "http://www.wikipedia.org" but is, in reality, sending information to an entirely different location that would typically be monitored by an information thief. When sensitive information is requested by a fraudulent website, it is called phishing.
The user is typically enticed to the false website from an email or a hyperlink from another website.
In another variation, a website may look like the original, but is in fact a parody of it. These are mostly harmless, and are more noticeably different from the original, as they usually "do not" exploit bugs in web browser technology.
This can also take place in a hosts file. It can redirect a site(s) to another IP, which could be a spoofed website.
Cyber Security.
Spoofing is the act of deception or hoaxing. URLs are the address of a resource (as a document or Web site) on the Internet that consists of a communications protocol followed by the name or address of a computer on the network and that often includes additional locating information (as directory and file names). Simply, a spoofed URL is a web address that illuminates an immense amount of deception through its ability to appear as an original site, despite it not being one. In order to prevent falling victim to the prevalent scams stemmed from the spoofed URLs, major software companies have come forward and advised techniques to detect and prevent spoofed URLs.
Detection.
In order to prevent criminals from accessing personal information, such as credit card information, bank account/routing numbers, and one’s telephone number, home address, etc. it is important to learn and understand how these spoof websites can be detected. It is very important to first verify the name of the site on a digital certification through the use of SSL/TLS. Always try to identify the actual URL for the web page you are on. Make sure you are able to see the fully URL for any hyperlink, so that you can examine the address. Some characters that are commonly found in the URL of a spoofed web page are: %00, %01, @. Sometimes spoofed web sites can differ by a single letter or number in the URL. In addition, set your Internet security level to high to ensure that your computer is protected from possible attacks from spoofed sites. In general, only input personal information on a Web site if the name has been verified on the digital certificate. Also, if you have any concern about the confidentiality of a web site leave the page immediately.
Prevention.
Spoofed URL, a universal defining identity for phishing scams, pose a serious threat to end-users and commercial institutions. Email continues to be the favorite vehicle to perpetrate such scams mainly due to its widespread use combined with the ability to easily spoof them. Several approaches, both generic and specialized, have been proposed to address this problem. However, phishing techniques, growing in ingenuity as well as sophistication, render these solutions weak. In order to prevent users from future victimization stemmed from a spoofed URL, Internet vigilantes have published numerous tips to help users identify a spoof. most common are: using authentication based on key exchange between the machines on your network, using an access control list to deny private IP addresses on your downstream interface, implementing filters of both inbound and outbound traffic, configuring routers and switches if they support such configuration, to reject packets originating from outside the local network that claim to originate from within, and enable encryption sessions in the router so that trusted hosts that are outside your network can securely communicate with your local hosts. Ultimately, protection comes from the individual user. Keeping up with new spoofing techniques or scams will readily allow one to identify a scam and most importantly keep information secure and personal.
Susceptible Targets.
PayPal, an e-commerce business allows money transactions to be made through the Internet and is a common target for Spoofed URLs. This forgery of a legitimate PayPal website allows hackers to gain personal and financial information and thus, steal money through fraud. Along with spoof or fake emails that appear with generic greetings, misspellings, and a false sense of urgency, spoofed URLs are an easy way for hackers to violate one’s PayPal privacy. To combat these deceptive URLs, make sure to only enter your PayPal password on PayPal pages that begin with https://www.paypal.com/, and although, a spoof URL might contain the word PayPal, this does not mean it should be trusted. For example, www.paypalsecure.com, includes the name, but is a spoof URL designed to deceive. Remember to always log into PayPal through a new window browser and never log in through email. In the case that you do receive a suspected Spoof website, email and forward the entire email to spoof@PayPal.com to help prevent the URL from tricking other PayPal users.
Common Crimes.
A major crime associated with Spoofed URL’s is identity theft. The thief will make a Spoofed URL website that is similar to the website the user is trying to go to, and when taken to the webpage, it will look nearly identical. Then, if the user is shopping and enters all of their information to pay for the items, they inadvertently give the thief their credit card and identity information. The websites will post products at “too good to be true” prices, and lure those who are new to the internet and looking for a good deal. Crimes like these happen quite often, and most frequently occur during the heaviest trafficked online shopping period of the year, between the holiday’s of Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Another crime associated with Spoofed URL’s is setting up a fake anti-malware software. An example of this would be Ransomware, a fake anti-malware software that locks up important files for the computer to run, and forces the user to pay a ransom to get the files back. If the user refuses to pay, after a certain period of time, the Ransomware will delete the files off of the computer, essentially causing the computer to crash. These programs usually come up in ads on the side of popular websites, such as dating websites and even social media like Twitter and Facebook. Also, these can come up as attachments in emails tied to phishing.
Phishing scams are also another major way that users can get tricked into scams (see below).
Phishing.
Phishing is a scam by which an e-mail user is duped into revealing personal or confidential information which the scammer can use illicitly. Phishing is the action of fraudsters sending an email to an individual, hoping to seek private information used for identity theft, by falsely asserting to be a reputable legal business. Phishing is performing through emails containing a Spoofed URL, which links them to a Web site. Since it usually appears in the form on an email, it is crucial to not rely just on the address in the “from” field in order to prevent phishing. Computer users should also look out for spelling mistakes within the websites URLs, as this is another common sign to look out for in a phishing email. The Web site whose URLs are in the e-mails request individuals to enter personal information so businesses can update it in their system. This information often includes passwords, credit card numbers, social security, and bank account numbers. In turn the email recipients are giving these fake businesses their information the real businesses already have.

</doc>
<doc id="2907085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907085" title="Military ranks and insignia of the Japan Self-Defense Forces">
Military ranks and insignia of the Japan Self-Defense Forces

After World War II, the Imperial Japanese Army and Imperial Japanese Navy were dissolved by the United States during the occupation of Japan. The symbols below represent the ranks of the Japanese Japan Ground Self-Defense Force, the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force which have, since 1952, replaced the imperial military. The 1938–1945 Japanese military and naval ranks were phased out after World War II. The Self Defense Force breaks away from the Sino-centric tradition of non-branch-specified ranks, each SDF rank with respect to each service carries a distinct Japanese title, although equivalent titles in different branches are still similar, differing only in the use of the morphemes "riku" (ground) for the army ranks, "kai" (sea) for the naval ranks, and "kuu" (air) for the aviation ranks.
The pentagramic stars on some insignia represent cherry blossoms. Because Japanese soldiers take an oath to die to protect the lives and wealth of Japanese citizens, they have been compared to delicate cherry blossoms that break easily.
Ground Self-Defense Force.
Ranks are listed with the lower rank at right.
Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Ranks are listed with the lower rank at right.
Air Self-Defense Force.
Ranks are listed with the lower rank at right.

</doc>
<doc id="2907097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907097" title="Shchyolkovo">
Shchyolkovo

Shchyolkovo () is a city and the administrative center of Shchyolkovsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Klyazma River (Oka's tributary), northeast of Moscow. Population: 112,865 (2002 Census); 109,255 (1989 Census); 91,000 (1977).
History.
It dates back to the 16th century. Town status was granted to it in 1925.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Shchyolkovo serves as the administrative center of Shchyolkovsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with seven rural localities, incorporated within Shchyolkovsky District as the City of Shchyolkovo. As a municipal division, the City of Shchyolkovo is incorporated within Shchyolkovsky Municipal District as Shchyolkovo Urban Settlement.
Transportation.
The city is reachable by suburban trains from the Yaroslavsky railway station in Moscow.
Twin towns and sister cities.
Shchyolkovo is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2907099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907099" title="California State Route 198">
California State Route 198

State Route 198 (SR 198) is an east–west state highway that begins at U.S. Route 101 (US 101) south of King City and ends in Sequoia National Park. It connects the California Central Coast to the mid-Central Valley through Hanford and Visalia, although the most developed portion is in the Central Valley itself. SR 198 intersects the major north–south routes in the Central Valley, including Interstate 5 (I-5), SR 33, and SR 99. The highway that would become SR 198 was approved for construction in the 1910s through three bond issues, and was added to the state highway system in 1934. Parts of the highway were upgraded to freeway during the 1960s. Another portion is being converted to an expressway in between Hanford and Visalia, with completion scheduled for late 2012.
Route description.
The road begins at a remote interchange with US 101 south of King City in the Salinas River Valley. Leaving US 101, SR 198 passes through the Priest Valley, climbs the barren Coast Range as a two-lane road, and crosses over an unnamed pass; it then descends along Warthan Canyon to the town of Coalinga in the agricultural Central Valley, where it briefly runs concurrently with SR 33. On both sides of Coalinga the road passes through the enormous Coalinga Oil Field.
SR 198 then intersects Interstate 5 (I-5) in Fresno County near the Harris Ranch Airport before becoming a freeway west of Lemoore. The landscape becomes a bit less rural as it goes through Hanford and passes near the Hanford Municipal Airport, where it continues as a four-lane expressway from the intersection with SR 43 until SR 198 encounters a freeway-to-freeway interchange with SR 99 as it enters Visalia, the largest city it passes through, and goes by the Visalia Municipal Airport. It remains a freeway until east of Visalia, intersecting SR 63 and passing by College of the Sequoias. The road starts to climb the forested Sierra Nevada and ends at Sequoia National Park, near Lake Kaweah. This is one of the main routes providing access to Sequoia National Park, the other being SR 180 to the north.
SR 198 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System as designated by the California State Legislature; however, it is not a scenic highway as defined by Caltrans.
History.
All of SR 198 was added to the state highway system in the three bond issues floated to pay for the construction of the system. The first bond issue, approved by the state's voters in 1910, included the road from Visalia west to Hanford, connecting the two county seats with the central north–south highway (Route 4, now SR 99). As part of the 1916 bond issue, the route was extended west from Hanford through Coalinga to the coast trunk highway (Route 2, now US 101) near San Lucas, and assigned it the Route 10 designation. The third bond issue, passed in 1919, included a further extension east from Visalia to Sequoia National Park. The entire length of Route 10 was marked as Sign Route 198 in 1934, and this number was adopted legislatively in the 1964 renumbering. The portion east of Interstate 5 near Coalinga was added to the California Freeway and Expressway System in 1959, and parts of it have been built as such. The construction of the freeway east of Visalia to Road 192 was approved in January 1961, with the remainder of the freeway unplanned at that time as contingent on the routing of SR 65. The projected cost in 1958 of the entire freeway east of Visalia was $13 million ($ in today's dollars) and was scheduled to be completed by 1964. The freeway through Visalia was completed by 1965, with an expressway connecting it to US 99. Also completed was the expressway heading west out of Hanford, with part of it access-controlled west of Lemoore.
Construction began in November 2009 on a project to widen a two-lane, 10-mile section of SR 198 between SR 43 and SR 99 into a four-lane expressway. The $60 million project was completed in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2907112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907112" title="Equation of the center">
Equation of the center

"For further closely related mathematical developments see also Two-body problem, also Gravitational two-body problem, also Kepler orbit, and Kepler problem"
The equation of the center, in astronomy and elliptical motion, is equal to the true anomaly minus the mean anomaly, i.e. the difference between the actual angular position in the elliptical orbit and the position the orbiting body would have if its angular motion was uniform. It arises from the ellipticity of the orbit, is zero at pericenter and apocenter, and reaches its greatest amount nearly midway between these points.
The "equation" in the present sense comes from astronomy. It was specified and used by Kepler,
as that variable quantity determined by calculation which must be added or subtracted from the mean motion to obtain the true motion. It is based on "aequatio, -onis, f." in Latin. In the expression "equation of time" used in astronomy, the term "equation" has a similar meaning.
Analytical expansions.
For small values of orbital eccentricity, formula_1, the true anomaly, formula_2, may be expressed as a sine series of the mean anomaly, formula_3. The following shows the series expanded to terms of the order of formula_4:
Related expansions may be used to express the true distance formula_6 of the orbiting body from the central body as a fraction of the semi-major axis formula_7 of the ellipse,
or the inverse of this distance formula_9 has sometimes been used (e.g. it is proportional to the horizontal parallax of the orbiting body as seen from the central body):
Series such as these can be used as part of the preparation of approximate tables of motion of astronomical objects, such as that of the moon around the earth, or the earth or other planets around the sun, when perturbations of the motion are included as well.
Moon's equation of the center.
In the case of the moon, its orbit around the earth has an eccentricity of approximately 0.0549. The term in formula_11, known as the principal term of the equation of the center, has a coefficient of 22639.55", approximately 0.1098 radians, or 6.289° (degrees).
The earliest known estimates of a parameter corresponding to the Moon's equation of the center are Hipparchus' estimates, based on a theory in which the Moon's orbit followed an epicycle or eccenter carried around a circular deferent. (The parameter in the Hipparchan theory corresponding to the equation of the center was the radius of the epicycle as a proportion of the radius of the main orbital circle.) Hipparchus' estimates, based on his data as corrected by Ptolemy yield a figure close to 5° (degrees). 
Most of the discrepancy between the Hipparchan estimates and the modern value of the equation of the center arises because Hipparchus' data were taken from positions of the Moon at times of eclipses. He did not recognize the perturbation now called the evection. At new and full moons the evection opposes the equation of the center, to the extent of the coefficient of the evection, 4586.45". The Hipparchus parameter for the relative size of the Moon's epicycle corresponds quite closely to the difference between the two modern coefficients, of the equation of the center, and of the evection (difference 18053.1", about 5.01°).

</doc>
<doc id="2907116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907116" title="GK">
GK

GK or Gk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2907118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907118" title="Ken Macha">
Ken Macha

Kenneth Edward Macha (; born September 29, 1950, in Monroeville, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman and manager. During an 8-year managing career, he managed the Oakland Athletics (2003–2006), whom he guided to the American League's Western Division championship in both his first and final seasons with the team, and the Milwaukee Brewers (2009–2010).
During a 6-year playing career, Macha played in 1974 and from 1977–1981 for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Montreal Expos, and the Toronto Blue Jays. He was a first cousin to Hal Newhouser. In the offseason, he lives in Murrysville, Pennsylvania with his family.
Playing career.
Macha is a graduate of Gateway High School in Monroeville, a suburb of Pittsburgh, and played college ball at the University of Pittsburgh. He was selected by Pittsburgh in the sixth round of the 1972 June draft. He was the Eastern League batting champion in 1974 with the Thetford Mines Pirates. 
Macha made his major league debut on September 14, 1974, going 1-for-1 in a 17-2 Pirates loss to the Expos at Jarry Park. He is one of only a handful of players to play for both the Montreal Expos and Toronto Blue Jays, Canada's two major league franchises. His last major league appearance was on September 30, 1981 in a 3-0- Blue Jays loss to the Oakland Athletics. Macha hit a combined .258 in 180 Major League Baseball games. 
Following his major league career, Macha spent four years playing in Japan with the Chunichi Dragons, from 1982 until 1985.
Coaching career.
He retired as a player in 1985 and joined the Montreal Expos as a major league coach in 1986. He spent six seasons with the Expos before moving to the California Angels as bullpen, then third base, coach. He joined the Boston Red Sox organization in fall 1994.
The 1997 season marked Macha's first as manager of the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. In the previous two seasons he managed the Double-A Trenton Thunder to first-place finishes, including a league-best 86–56 record and another division crown in 1996. He was chosen to manage the American League affiliates in the Double-A All-Star Game.
Macha then joined the Oakland Athletics as bench coach, serving under former Pirates teammate Art Howe from 1999 through 2002. In March 2002, the A's denied permission for the Red Sox to contact Macha about their managerial vacancy. Boston then hired Grady Little, while Macha spent a final season as a coach until he was tapped to succeed Howe, who became pilot of the New York Mets after the season ended.
In one of the most unusual contract moves ever, Macha's pact expired on October 8, 2005 and negotiations broke down between the two sides trying to reach a deal; eventually it broke apart and Macha was out of a job. Six days later—apparently after talking with the Pittsburgh Pirates, but either not being offered the managerial position there or deciding not to take it—Macha reached a deal with the Athletics and became manager once again. He was later fired on October 16, 2006 by general manager Billy Beane, after the A's were swept out of the American League Championship Series by the Detroit Tigers.
After he was dismissed from his managerial position in Oakland, the Seattle Mariners offered Macha a position as bench coach to manager Mike Hargrove, but Macha refused, citing his desire to take a year off. He was then offered a position as a senior adviser to Mariners GM Bill Bavasi. However, in April 2007, Macha accepted a part-time position as a pre- and post-game analyst for New England Sports Network, which telecasts Boston Red Sox games.
On October 30, 2008, the Milwaukee Brewers announced Macha as the Brewers' new manager. Macha's Brewers finished below .500 in both 2009 and 2010. On October 3, 2010, it was confirmed that Macha would not return for the 2011 season.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907119" title="Saxe-Weimar">
Saxe-Weimar

Saxe-Weimar () was one of the Saxon duchies held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in present-day Thuringia. The chief town and capital was Weimar. The Weimar branch was the most genealogically senior extant branch of the House of Wettin.
History.
Division of Leipzig.
In the late 15th century much of what is now Thuringia, including the area around Weimar, was held by the Wettin Electors of Saxony. According to the 1485 Treaty of Leipzig, the Wettin lands had been divided between Elector Ernest of Saxony and his younger brother Albert III, with the western lands in Thuringia together with the electoral dignity going to the Ernestine branch of the family. 
Ernest's grandson Elector John Frederick I of Saxony forfeited the electoral dignity in the 1547 Capitulation of Wittenberg, after he had joined the revolt of the Lutheran Schmalkaldic League against the Habsburg emperor Charles V, was defeated, captured and banned. Nevertheless according to the 1552 Peace of Passau he was pardoned and allowed to retain his lands in Thuringia. Upon his death in 1554, his son John Frederick II succeeded him as "Duke of Saxony", residing at Gotha. His attempts to regain the electoral dignity failed: in the course of the 1566 revolt instigated by the robber baron Wilhelm von Grumbach, the duke was banned and imprisoned for life by Emperor Maximilian II.
Division of Erfurt.
John Frederick II was succeeded by his younger brother John William at Weimar, who in short time also fell out of favour with the emperor by his alliance with King Charles IX of France. In 1572 Maximilian II enforced the Division of Erfurt, whereby the Ernestine lands were divided among Duke John William and the two surviving sons of imprisoned John Frederick II. John William retained the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar, while his minor nephews received the southern and western territories around Coburg and Eisenach. 
This division was the first of numerous partitions; over the next three centuries the lands were divided when dukes had more than one son to provide for, and re-combined when dukes died without direct heirs, but all of the lands stayed in the Ernestine branch of the Wettin family. As a result, the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar shrank and grew more than once. The Thuringian states throughout this period typically consisted of several non-contiguous parcels of territory of various sizes. Facing their lack of political power, the rulers of these petty states built up splendid monarchical households at their residences and pursued greater cultural achievements.
Duke John William, chafing under the loss, died in 1573, succeeded by his son Frederick William I. Upon his death in 1602 Saxe-Weimar was again divided among his younger brother John II and Frederick William's minor son John Philipp, who received the territory of Saxe-Altenburg. John's son Duke Johann Ernst I of Saxe-Weimar on occasion of the burial of his mother Dorothea Maria of Anhalt in 1617 established the literary Fruitbearing Society.
Thirty Years' War.
At the outbreak of the Thirty Years' War, Duke Johann Ernst I supported the Protestant Bohemian estates under the "Winter King" Frederick V of the Palatinate, who were defeated at the 1620 Battle of White Mountain. Stripped off his title by Emperor Ferdinand II, he remained a fierce opponent of the Catholic Habsburg dynasty and died on Ernst von Mansfeld's Hungarian campaign in 1626. 
His younger brother Wilhelm, regent since 1620, assumed the dignities upon his death. At first also an advocate of Protestant concerns, after the death of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden he chose to accord with the 1635 Peace of Prague his Albertine cousins had negotiated with the emperor - against the opposition of his younger brother General Bernard of Saxe-Weimar, who entered into the French service under Cardinal Richelieu. Nevertheless, likewise many German estates, the Weimar lands were devastated by combat actions as well as by plague epidemics.
When in 1638 the Ernestine Saxe-Eisenach and Saxe-Coburg branch became extinct upon the death of Duke John Ernest, Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar inherited large parts of his estates. In 1640 however he had to involve his younger brothers Ernest I and Albert IV, thereby (re-)establishing the Duchies of Saxe-Gotha and short-lived Saxe-Eisenach, which was again dissolved upon Duke Albert's death in 1644. 
Another rearrangement of the Ernestine lands took place in 1672 after Duke Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg, descendant of Duke John Phillip, had died without heirs and his cousin Duke Johann Ernst II of Saxe-Weimar inherited parts of his duchy, which originally had been split off the Saxe-Weimar territory in 1602. Johann Ernst II immediately divided the enlarged Saxe-Weimar lands between himself and his younger brothers John George I and Bernhard II, who received the Duchies of Saxe-Eisenach and Saxe-Jena, which fell back to Saxe-Weimar upon the death of Bernhard's son Duke Johann Wilhelm in 1690.
Weimar Classicism.
Upon the death of John George's descendant Wilhelm Heinrich in 1741, Duke Ernest Augustus I of Saxe-Weimar also inherited the Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach. He then ruled both duchies in personal union and decisively forwarded the development of his estates by the implementation of the primogeniture principle. 
His son Ernest Augustus II, who succeeded him in 1748, died in 1758, whereafter Empress Maria Theresa appointed his young widow, Duchess Anna Amalia, regent of the country and guardian of her infant son, Charles Augustus. The regency of energetic Anna Amalia and the reign of Charles Augustus, who was raised by the writer Christoph Martin Wieland, formed a high point in the history of Saxe-Weimar. Both intelligent patrons of literature and art, Anna Amalia and Charles Augustus attracted to their court the leading German scholars, including Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Friedrich Schiller and Johann Gottfried Herder, and made their residence Weimar an important cultural center in an era referred to as Weimar Classicism. 
In 1804 Duke Charles Augustus entered into European politics by marrying his son and heir Charles Frederick to Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna, sister of Emperor Alexander I of Russia. However, at the same time he joined Prussia in the War of the Fourth Coalition against the French Empire, and after the defeat at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt was forced to accede the Napoleonic Confederation of the Rhine in 1806. In 1809 Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach, which had been united only in the person of the duke, were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
Dukes of Saxe-Weimar.
Merged with Saxe-Eisenach to form Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach

</doc>
<doc id="2907122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907122" title="Nockebybanan">
Nockebybanan

Nockebybanan is a tram line between Nockeby and Alvik in the western suburbs of Stockholm, Sweden. The long line is part of the Storstockholms Lokaltrafik public transport network, and connects with the Stockholm Metro and Tvärbanan light rail at Alvik. Nockebybanan, also known as line 12, is operated by Arriva.
History.
The first part of the current line to :sv:Alléparken was opened in 1914, following the construction of a pontoon bridge across :sv:Tranebergssund. The line was then gradually extended westwards, reaching the current terminus at Nockeby in 1929. To the east, the line ran to :sv:Tegelbacken in central Stockholm.
The pontoon bridge was replaced in 1934 with the new Tranebergsbron. Planning for a Metro system started around this time, and in 1944 the :sv:Ängbybanan route was built to from Alvik to :sv:Åkeshov (and later Islandstorget), operated initially with trams but designed as a grade-separated route for later conversion. Conversion happened in 1952, forming the western section of the present-day Green Line. Consequently, the Nockebybanan was cut off from running into the city and became a feeder route for the Metro at Alvik.
Nockebybanan and Lidingöbanan were the only tram lines in the Stockholm region not to be withdrawn in conjunction with the switch to right-hand traffic in 1967. Since the line does not run on the street, and was simple and self-contained, and bi-directional rolling stock was available from the pre-metro tram lines, it was easier to convert to right-hand running than the rest of the network. Trams now run on the right from Nockeby to the penultimate station at Alléparken, where they cross over and run on the left into Alvik, permitting cross-platform interchange with the Metro.
By the 1990s, the line and rolling stock was in a poor state of repair and was widely expected to be dismantled and replaced with bus services. In 1975, the line had been re-numbered from 12 to 120, matching the numbering scheme used by local buses. However, a concerted local campaign saved the line and from June 1997 to June 1998 the line was closed and renovated, and new Flexity Swift (A32) trams were introduced from 1999.
A running race in the surrounding neighbourhoods, :sv:Tolvanloppet takes both name and distance (12km) from the line number.
Lines.
Nockebybanan has a single line (line 12) with ten stops, running from Nockeby to Alvik in Bromma borough. At Alvik, passengers can change to the Stockholm Metro green line (lines 17, 18 and 19), or to Tvärbanan (line 22). The tramway is separated from roads, but has some level crossings. The journey time from Alvik to Nockeby is 14 minutes, with service intervals varying between 6 minutes in the morning and evening peaks, and 20 minutes during the evening and weekend. Typical weekday traffic is around 9000 passengers.
The line is served by 30 meter long Flexity Swift trams. The depot and traffic control center at Alvik are shared with Tvärbanan. As of 2014, new CAF Urbos trams (A35) ordered for the Tvärbanan extension to Solna are occasionally also seen in traffic.
Trams access the depot at Alvik via tracks to the west of the station. These are shared with the metro (which uses reversing sidings in the depot for trains terminating at Alvik), and therefore are electrified with both overhead lines for trams and third rail for the Metro. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907127" title="The Ophiuchi Hotline">
The Ophiuchi Hotline

The Ophiuchi Hotline is a Locus nominated 1977 science fiction novel by John Varley. It opens in the year 2618.
Background to the author's work.
The novel both introduces and finalizes the story elements of Varley's Eight Worlds series which are further explained in other novels and short stories, which explore earlier stages of the story of humanity, post-2050.
In the year 2050, a race called only Invaders has destroyed all human technology on Earth, so that the remaining people on the planet exist at a stone-age level. The rest of humanity survives on all available solid bodies in the solar system with the aid of a technology derived from information in the Ophiuchi Hotline, a radio signal apparently beamed from the star 70 Ophiuchi. They live mostly underground on bodies such as Luna, Mars, Venus, Mercury, and Pluto. There are no settlements on the moons of Jupiter, because the Invaders live in the atmosphere of that planet. Using Symbiotic Spacesuits ("Symbs"), thousands of humans also enjoy an odd existence floating in the rings of Saturn.
The Invaders' purpose is simple - they recognize two kinds of intelligent life: themselves, evolving in the atmospheres of planets like Jupiter, and sea-living mammals like whales and dolphins. Humans and other tool-users qualify only as vermin. They reduced humanity to the stone-age (starving billions to death in the process) to protect the whales and dolphins.
A major political division among the space-bound humans is the division between "Free Earthers" who seek to go on fighting the Invaders and liberate the home planet, and their opponents who feel that provoking the incomparably powerful Invaders would be both foolhardy and dangerous. 
Important technological elements of the stories are cloning and the ability to record memories and restore them to a brain at a later date. There is also advanced surgery used for cosmetic body alteration. Everyone is fitted with a data port which allows them to be interrogated by computer. They can also have their nervous system shut down selectively for surgery. Many people change sex on a whim. Others choose to exist without sex at all.
One result of the universal possibility of creating a clone of a dead person is that murder has gone down in importance, being considered a second-rate crime rather than the heinous act it is in our society - since the victim would be revived, and the murderer has only deprived him or her of a few months' memories and experiences. 
The possibility of cloning is, however, strictly limited to reviving a dead person. For the sake of keeping the population down, it is absolutely forbidden to make a copy of a living person. Upon discovery, such an "illegal copy" - who is as much of a living, feeling human being as the "original" - must be destroyed immediately. Therefore, illegally-made clones have no recourse to law and are in effect at the mercy of whoever created them - a point of central importance to the plot.
Plot summary.
Lilo is a rebel geneticist living on Luna. Violating the laws of the Eight Worlds, she has experimented with human DNA, using money she received from her legal work on such creations as the "Bananameat" tree. As the story opens, she is facing execution. 
On the eve of her execution, she is visited by "Boss Tweed", the most powerful politician in Luna. Accompanying Tweed is a formidable bodyguard and Lilo's own clone, fresh out of the growth tank with a full set of Lilo's memories. Tweed offers Lilo a deal - she can escape and the clone will die, or vice versa. It's never clear which she chooses, because the next scenes show one Lilo committing suicide in the prison and another going free with Tweed. Whichever it is, the corpse goes into the "Hole", a captive black hole which serves as a power plant for Luna, generating energy from garbage tossed into it.
Lilo learns she is to become a cog in Tweed's machine, to be trained for use in his schemes to strike back at the Invaders. Like all Lunarians she periodically records her memories for restoration into a clone should her body die. The first time she does this, she revives and is told that she has been killed twice, for escaping from Tweed. She is the third clone Tweed has made of Lilo. Thus Lilo resolves to be much more careful.
Tweed's bodyguards are themselves clones of one individual, both male and female, called "Vaffa" or sometimes "Hygeia". They are large, strong and deadly. Tweed's one weakness is that his entire operation is clandestine. Despite his power, his illegal cloning and his intent to take on the Invaders would result in his downfall if it were generally known.
Lilo is eventually sent to an asteroid. Her job is to maintain the food supply. There are more Vaffas guarding these workers, some of whom have been "shanghaied", in the sense that their memories and tissues were stolen by Tweed without their knowledge. One such is Cathay, a Teacher. In this time Teaching means devoting yourself to helping one child mature, regressing in age if necessary. Cathay and Lilo quickly become bonded lovers - a rarity in a society where sex is recreational. 
On the asteroid, everyone has a null-field suit. This generates a field just above the skin to protect them in vacuum, and is yet another piece of Hotline technology. Air comes from an implanted generator.
Tweed has a bizarre scheme - he intends to send a stolen black hole through Jupiter to see what the Invaders will do about it. Lilo and Cathay are recruited for the mission. They eliminate the Vaffa sent with them, and Cathay escapes in the ship used to tow the Hole. Lilo, however, is left to fall with the Hole into Jupiter's atmosphere. Protected by her suit, she encounters an Invader.
Another Lilo awakes in Tweed's tank. This one has no memory of the asteroid, or anything else since the previous copy left Luna. She is sent on a mission to Pluto. There is something new coming down the Hotline, and it looks dangerous. The actual beam misses the solar system - it was originally found when deep space probes went out years beyond the orbit of Pluto. Nobody is sure whether it is intended for another system entirely, or whether the point is to make sure that the information is only available to those with the right technology.
The new messages seem to be demands for payment. Whoever has been providing the information for hundreds of years wants compensation. Unfortunately the decoders can't determine what that is. Lilo and another Vaffa reach Pluto and look for a "Hole Hunter" to take them out to the beam. Hole Hunters are prospectors who take ships out for years, looking for the miniature black holes that orbit the Solar System. Their guide is another copy of Cathay, who has no knowledge of his alter ego. However he and Lilo rapidly bond, just as the other two did. They eventually hire Javelin, a grotesque woman who has altered her body for free fall so she consists of a head on a cut down torso with two other limbs. No part of her body is much wider than her head, hence her name.
Under way, Javelin announces a change of plan. Vaffa protests but Javelin easily overpowers her. The plan is to go to the source of the beam. The Hole Hunters have known for some time that the beam comes from something a mere half a light-year away. Since the trip will take 20 years, the crew elects to go into cold sleep.
Another Lilo awakes. This one was created by the original and hidden in orbit in the rings of Saturn. She is revived by Lilo's companion from the asteroid, and Parameter/Solstice, a human-Symb pair Lilo had entrusted with the location of the clone. The other Lilo told her companion to seek out Parameter/Solstice as she was falling into Jupiter. This Lilo examines the situation and determines to take over the asteroid. They use the stolen ship to ram the asteroid, sending it into the asteroid's Hole power generator, which sits in a null-field dish on the surface. The resultant thrust boosts the asteroid out of orbit, and on a journey to Alpha Centauri. Faced with a "fait accompli", the Vaffas throw in their lot with the prisoners. Tweed's downfall is assured - the asteroid broadcasts details of his plans to the various governments, and "he" activates an escape plan, shedding large amounts of fake flesh and disappearing into the general population as a sexless person.
Lilo awakes. This is the Lilo who fell into Jupiter. She awakes on Earth, on a beach. She learns to survive, becoming, in her own mind and those of the tribes of humans she encounters, Diana the Huntress. With her null-field suit she can face down animals and dive to great depths to hunt fish. As years pass, she determines she is probably on the east coast of the former USA. Occasionally she sees the blurs in the sky that are the only visible traces of Invaders. Finally deciding to go out in a blaze of glory, she dives into the sea to hunt a whale. As she dives after it, an Invader appears.
Lilo awakes. On Javelin's ship, she and her companions have reached the source of the Ophiuchi Hotline. It is a large, artificial object. Taken on board, they meet beings who are apparently human. They are given a show. The story is simple. Life arises on planets like Earth, in systems with planets like Jupiter. Eventually whale-like lifeforms inhabit the seas. The Invaders arrive, and remove all other threats to the whales. Some time later, the remnants of technological life in the rest of the system have to be expunged when they become enough of a threat. The story cannot be changed. The Invaders can manipulate not only energy and matter, but time. They live in at least four dimensions. The Hotline is part of the rescue mission to humans. They need the technology to survive when they are attacked again by the Invaders, which will be soon. One of the purposes of the Hotline was to give humans the ability to manipulate their own genetic makeup, but because of the laws they passed this has not happened. 
The Hotline people ask for their price - they need to become humans themselves for a time, to add human thought and experience to the pool of knowledge held between the stars by all the other beings ejected from their homes by Invaders. The alternative is for them to activate hidden features in the Symbs, turning them into an army of space-borne killers. 
As if to underline all this, alarms sound and the Hotline people detect Invader activity. Suddenly, another Lilo appears. It is Diana the Huntress from Earth. According to the Hotline instruments, she was moved 25,000 years in the future, left there for some years, and then brought back. For the Invaders this is as simple as "folding a piece of paper". She also has a gift from the Invaders - a small silver cube. 
The Hotline people are taken aback. The cube is a null-field surrounding a singularity. Receiving a singularity from the Invaders is a sign that time is even shorter than they thought. It is another element of the story that always takes place. Because of Tweed's attack, the Invaders are preparing to evict humanity from the entire solar system, but before they do so, are offering humanity the chance to escape. The singularity is a tool to manipulate space-time and eliminate inertia, and can be used to evacuate the Solar System and allow humanity to seek a new home among the stars. Unfortunately, however, the available living space is spoken for, and humanity is in for a long time in the wilderness. Lilo, Diana and companions set out to return to the solar system, to break the bad news.
At the end the various Liloes, past, present and future, on Javelin's ship and on the asteroid, realize they have a connection. They have been having dreams all along, and realize that the place in the dreams is somewhere they will all meet, in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="2907129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907129" title="Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge">
Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge

The Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wildlife refuge located in the Amargosa Valley of southern Nye County, in southwestern Nevada. It is directly east of Death Valley National Park, and is west-northwest of Las Vegas.
The refuge was created on June 18, 1984 to protect an extremely rare desert oasis in the Southwestern United States. It is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Geography.
The Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge is part of the larger Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which also includes: the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, the Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge, the Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge, and the Amargosa Pupfish Station.
Ash Meadows is within the Amargosa Desert, of the Mojave Desert ecoregion. The Amargosa River is a visible part of the valley hydrology, and has seasonal surface flow passing southwards adjacent to the preserve, to later enter Death Valley.
Natural history.
Ash Meadows provides a valuable and unprecedented example of desert oases habitats, that have become extremely uncommon in the southwestern deserts. The refuge is a major discharge point for a vast underground aquifer water system, reaching more than to the northeast. Water-bearing strata come to the surface in more than thirty seeps and springs, providing a rich, complex variety of mesic habitats.
Virtually all of the water at Ash Meadows is fossil water, believed to have entered the ground water system tens of thousands of years ago.
Numerous stream channels and wetlands are scattered throughout the refuge. To the north and west are the remnants of Carson Slough, which was drained and mined for its peat in the 1960s. Sand dunes occur in the western and southern parts of the refuge.
Endemic plants and animals.
Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge was established to provide and protect habitat for at least twentysix endemic plants and animals, meaning they are found nowhere else in the world. Four fish and one plant are currently listed as endangered species
The concentration of locally exclusive flora and fauna distinguishes Ash Meadows as having the greatest concentration of endemic biota in any local area within the United States. It has the second greatest local endemism concentration in all of North America.
Endemic flora.
There are many plants endemic to Ash Meadows, including:
Discoveries.
In 2010, Utah State University announced that a team from the school had discovered two new bee species in the genus "Perdita" at Ash Meadows.

</doc>
<doc id="2907134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907134" title="Barbara Kopple">
Barbara Kopple

Barbara Kopple (born July 30, 1946) is an American film director known primarily for her documentary work.
Life and career.
She grew up in Scarsdale, New York, the daughter of a textile executive, and studied psychology at Northeastern University, after which she worked with the Maysles Brothers.
Kopple has won two Academy Awards, the first in 1976 for "Harlan County, USA", about a Kentucky miners' strike, and the second in 1991 for "American Dream," the story of the Hormel Foods strike in Austin, Minnesota in 1985-86. She has directed episodes of the television drama series "" and "Oz", winning a Directors Guild of America award for the former. Kopple also directed "A Conversation With Gregory Peck" and "Bearing Witness", as well as documentaries on Mike Tyson and Woody Allen. The latter film, "Wild Man Blues", focuses on his Dixieland jazz tour and on Allen's relationship with Soon-Yi Previn.
Her first non-documentary feature film, "Havoc", starred Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips as wealthy suburbanites who venture into East Los Angeles Latino gang territory, and was released straight to DVD in 2005. Kopple has recently ventured into advertising work that includes documentary-style commercials for Target Stores.
She was also among the 19 filmmakers who worked together anonymously (under the rubric Winterfilm Collective) to produce the film "Winter Soldier", an anti-war documentary about the Winter Soldier Investigation. She has also done films for The Working Group, directing the 30-minute short documentary "Locked Out in America: Voices From Ravenswood" for the "We Do the Work" series. ("We Do the Work" aired in the mid-1990s on the PBS television series "P.O.V.", and Kopple's segment was based on the book "".)
In the fall of 2006, she released a documentary, "", about the Dixie Chicks' George W. Bush-related controversy.
In 2012 Kopple is set to release two new films. One is about Mariel Hemingway, the granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway, and the other is concerning the 150th Anniversary of The Nation magazine. The film on Hemingway, "Running from Crazy", was shown at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and is set to be released on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
Kopple is a niece of the American playwright Murray Burnett.

</doc>
<doc id="2907141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907141" title="Dick Pougher">
Dick Pougher

Arthur Dick Pougher (19 April 1865, Humberstone, Leicester, England – 20 May 1926, Aylestone Park, Leicester, England) was a cricketer who played for Leicestershire County Cricket Club between 1894 and 1901. Pougher was awarded a benefit by Leicestershire in 1900. He also played one Test match for England, which was against South Africa in Cape Town in 1891-92.
His greatest moment came when he took five Australian wickets for no runs in three five-ball overs with his deceptive off spin for MCC at Lord's in 1896. The tourists were bundled out for a humiliating 18.
Unfamiliar with Pougher's bowling they failed to realise that he kept the ball lower and turned it less than seemed possible with his strong finger and wrist action.
He umpired 49 first-class matches. All but two of these were between 1903 and 1909; the exceptions were one match in Australia in 1888-89 and Leicestershire's game against the West Indians in 1923.
He also officiated in Yorkshire's game against Kent in July 1904, but this match is not included in the total, as he and fellow umpire William Shrewsbury (brother of Arthur) declared the match void after the first day because of illegal changes made to the pitch.
His name is pronounced 'Puffer'and after retirement from cricket, he kept the Old Cricket Ground Hotel at Aylestone Park, Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="2907144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907144" title="Shadrinsk">
Shadrinsk

Shadrinsk () is a town in Kurgan Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Iset River (Ob's basin) northwest of Kurgan. Population: 
History.
Shadrinsk was founded in 1662 as an agricultural and trade settlement. Shadrinsk hosted the second largest fair in the Urals region. Town status was granted to it from 1712 to 1737 and in 1781.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Shadrinsk serves as the administrative center of Shadrinsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as Shadrinsk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with a status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, Shadrinsk Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated as Shadrinsk Urban Okrug.
Climate.
Shadrinsk has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfb"), with very cold winters and warm summers. The average temperature in January is , and the record low is . The average temperature in July is , and the record high is . Precipitation is moderate, but is significantly higher in summer than at other times of the year.
Economy.
There is a hydraulic systems plant (ShAAZ, "Shadrinsky Avtoagregatny Zavod") in the town, which manufactures auto parts. The plant is controlled by the Ural Mining Metallurgical Company (UMMC). Another plant is Shadrinsk Milk Canning Plant. It produces dairy products and "Shadrinskaya" brand mineral water.
Military.
The town is home to Shadrinsk air base which is a minor airlift facility.
Education.
Educational facilities include Shadrinsk State Pedagogical Institute and Shadrinsk Industrial-Pedagogical Technical School.

</doc>
<doc id="2907147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907147" title="George Pernicano">
George Pernicano

George Pernicano (born 1917) along with Barron Hilton and other prominent San Diegans, brought the Chargers to San Diego from Los Angeles in 1961. He originally owned 7% of the team, but currently retains 3%. On Sept 8, 1996, he was inducted into the Chargers' Hall of Fame. Pernicano has attended every home game in 48 years and has only missed 2 away games, one for his grandson's wedding and one recently due to health issues. He introduced San Diego to pizza in 1946.
In 1960, he opened Casa di Baffi in San Diego's Hillcrest neighborhood. It closed in the early 80's and remains vacant. City officials and neighboring business have expressed frustration over Pernicano's refusal to sell or redevelop the property.

</doc>
<doc id="2907154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907154" title="Encyclia">
Encyclia

Encyclia is a genus of orchids. The genus name comes from Greek "enkykleomai" ("to encircle"), referring to the lateral lobes of the lip which encircle the column. The abbreviation in the horticultural trade is E.
Biology.
The epiphytic genus "Encyclia" occurs in Florida, the Caribbean, Mexico, and other regions of the tropical Americas. It grows in lowland forests at altitudes up to 1000 meters. The distribution of the species is more or less evenly spread throughout this area. Most of these species are found in seasonally dry forests where the humidity tends to remain high throughout the year, though precipitation is infrequent, sometimes lacking for months. They are most common in dry oak forests.
Most species have stiff, drought-resistant leaves and large onion-shaped pseudobulbs. The flowers arise from an apical inflorescence. This genus is pollinated by bees and birds. There are normally eight pollinia, but in some subgroups this is reduced to four. One species, "Encyclia cyperifolia", produces cylindrical, terete leaves.
Cultivation.
Many species in this genus are cultivated as ornamental plants. The flowers may last over a month. They are easily overwatered and require only a periodic misting during the winter.
Some species are fragrant; "Encyclia fragrans" produces vanilla-scented flowers.
The plants have continuously growing rhizomes that eventually create a large mass. In the wild the plants shed the older pseudobulbs. In cultivation they may fail to split, so growers will divide them by hand to prevent the plants from forming unwieldy mounds. An exception is "Encyclia tampensis", which does well in a mounded form and does not need to be divided.
Taxonomy.
Cladistic research has shown that "Encyclia" "sensu stricto" is monophyletic. This genus was originally included in "Epidendrum" until William Jackson Hooker separated it in 1828. 
The genera "Euchile", "Prosthechea" and "Dinema" were separated from "Encyclia" based on morphological analysis. "Sulpitia" Raf. is a synonym of "Encyclia".
"Encyclia" can hybridize with related genera. "E. tampensis" is often bred for its attractive hybrids.
Species.
See List of "Encyclia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="2907166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907166" title="Crasher">
Crasher

Crasher is the name of several fictional characters in the Gobots toyline, and the subsequent Challenge of the GoBots cartoon and Transformers series. She was a regular character in the Gobots cartoon and star of the film "Gobots: Battle of the Rock Lords" voiced by Marilyn Lightstone.
Gobots.
The female Crasher was one of Cy-Kill's most loyal Renegades, despite a having somewhat manic personality. One of her favoured pastimes is participating in demolition derbies. She is considered reckless. Under interrogation, she admitted to having a crush on Leader-1 before the Guardians and Renegades began their struggle. Unlike most Gobots, she rarely seems to use her hand-mounted blasters, instead using a trademark attack wherein she stamps her foot on the ground to create a powerful earthquake-style energy discharge that could track its victim in much the same manner as a heat-seeking missile. Crasher's seeming state of near-madness effectively renders her fearless, and she has an ongoing grudge with the Guardian Turbo, rarely avoiding a chance to battle him. However, she tends to take any defeat or challenge very personally.
Despite her gender, unlike many 1980s female cartoon characters, Crasher is shown to be treated equally compared to her male counterparts, and is feared by most Guardians. Crasher enjoyed Gobot demolition derbies and at one time had a crush on Leader-1.
According to Hasbro employees Crasher was the inspiration for the Decepticon Fracture.
Animated series.
Crasher appears in almost every episode, usually as a featured character. 
In the pilot Crasher and Cop-Tur aid Cy-Kill when he steals the astrobeam and escapes Gobotron to Earth. 
Cy-Kill, Cop-Tur, Crasher, Geeper-Creeper, Pincher, and Snoop attack a lab, but it is defended by Leader-1, Baron Von Joy, Blaster, Dozer, Dumper, Road Ranger, Scooter, Scratch and Turbo. Although the Guardians were winning the battle, an accidental backfire from Baron Von Joy's weapon allows the Renegades to escape.
Cy-Kill, Cop-Tur, Crasher and Snoop attack Leader-1, Turbo, Scooter and Small Foot. Crasher wounds Small Foot. After attaining recordings of the Guardians the Renegades retreat. Using the recordings Cy-Kill has Herr Fiend program robot duplicates of the Guardians. When demonstrating Space Bender weapon to Unicom, Leader-1 learns that the Renegades ware attacking Washington. The Renegades ambush Leader-1 and replaced him with his duplicate. Leading the Command Center back to Gobotron and getting rid of Scooter and Small Foot the Renegades then release duplicates of Path Finder, Rest-Q, Van Guard and Turbo. Small Foot and Scooter are able to capture the Turbo duplicate and learn where their friends are being held. Cy-Kill then replaces Good Night. Using the duplicate Turbo the Guardians infiltrate the Renegade base, free the captured Guardians and escape from Spoons and Fitor. Although blocked by the Renegades, Scooter uses a hologram of Zod to make the Renegades flee. Making it back to Gobotron the Guardians are attacked by the Guardian duplicates. The real Guardians are able to defeat their duplicates with the aid of the real Zeemon, Hans-Cuff and Rest-Q. Cy-Kill then arrives in Thrustor with more duplicates, but Small Foot is able to stop with robots using the Space Bender, which fuses their robot brains. 
Scooter and Small Foot join Nick and A.J. to watch a car stunt show which is attacked by Crasher, BuggyMan and Fly Trap. Small Foot fights Buggyman and defeats him, but the Renegades regain the upper hand until the Guardians are rescued by Leader-1 and Turbo who arrived in Power Suits. Cy-Kill vows to gain Power Suits for the Renegades. Scooter decides he needed more firepower, so he has Baron Von Joy remove his damaged holo projector in favor of a blaster unit. Screw Head, Bad Boy and Cop-Tur are sent to attack Unicom bases and distract the Guardians while Cy-Kill, Crasher and Scorp attempt to take the suits from the Guardian Command Center. Small Foot and Scooter are able to delay the Renegades until Leader-1 and Turbo return to chase away the Renegades. Realizing he is a better Guardian with his holo projector, Scooter has it reinstalled.
Crasher was among the Renegade Gobot forces who aided the Rock Lord Magmar on the planet Cordax.
Comics.
Crasher appeared in the story "Scooter's Mighty Magnet" as one of Cy-Kill's minions.
Books.
Crasher was featured in the 1986 children's book "Collision Course Comet - Robo Machine Featuring The Challenge Of Gobots". The illustrations of this book depict her in her white deco variant, not the black one used in the animated series.
Transformers: Generation 1.
IDW Publishing.
In the second issue of Crasher is one of the background Transformers cheering Megatron's victory over Cy-Kill. However, the character is drawn with a face similar to the toy, with a large red visor taking up much of the face.
Transformers: Timelines (Shattered Glass).
A mirror-universe version of Crasher appeared in the "Transformers: Timelines" fiction. She is one of the heroic Decepticons. Crasher can cause quakes with her fists. She is a white racing vehicle. Her cousin is the evil Autobot Blurr.
Fun Publications.
Crasher appears in the fiction "Dungeons & Dinobots", a text-based story from Fun Publications. She is part of the Mayhem Suppression Squad called in by Soundwave to defend the Arch-Ayr fuel dump from an Autobot attack. She later became part of the crew of the Nemesis. 
In "Do Over" the Nemesis launches after the Ark. After a brief battle the Nemesis is shot down and crashes on Earth, with the crew escaping in stasis pods. Although not directly depicted, Crasher is a member of the crew of the Nemesis. 
Crasher appears in "Eye In the Sky" where Cliffjumper recovers her pod and reactivates her. Cliffjumper, Crasher, Frenzy, Heatwave, Ravage and Soundwave are sent on a mission to Burpleson Air Force Base to stop the Autobots from controlling the GODS defense system. Heatwave uses his powers to convince the GODS transmitter to fire the weapon on itself and stop the Autobots from taking control.

</doc>
<doc id="2907170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907170" title="Iodine clock reaction">
Iodine clock reaction

Hydrogen peroxide variation.
This reaction starts from a solution of hydrogen peroxide with sulfuric acid. To this is added a solution containing potassium iodide, sodium thiosulfate, and starch. There are two reactions occurring in the solution.
In the first, slow reaction, iodine is produced:
H2O2 + 2I- + 2H+ → I2 + 2H2O
In the second, fast reaction, iodine is reconverted to 2 iodide ions by the thiosulfate:
2S2O32- + I2 → S4O62- + 2I-
After some time the solution always changes colour to a very dark blue, almost black.
When the solutions are mixed, the second reaction causes the triiodide ion to be consumed much faster than it is generated, and only a small amount of triiodide is present in the dynamic equilibrium. Once the thiosulfate ion has been exhausted, this reaction stops and the blue colour caused by the triiodide – starch complex appears.
Anything that accelerates the first reaction will shorten the time until the solution changes color. Decreasing the pH (increasing H+ concentration), or increasing the concentration of iodide or hydrogen peroxide will shorten the time. Adding more thiosulfate will have the opposite effect; it will take longer for the blue colour to appear.
Iodate variation.
An alternative protocol uses a solution of iodate ion (for instance potassium iodate) to which an acidified solution (again with sulfuric acid) of sodium bisulfite is added.
In this protocol, iodide ion is generated by the following slow reaction between the iodate and bisulfite:
This is the rate determining step. The iodate in excess will oxidize the iodide generated above to form iodine:
However, the iodine is reduced immediately back to iodide by the bisulfite:
When the bisulfite is fully consumed, the iodine will survive (i.e., no reduction by the bisulfite) to form the dark blue complex with starch.
Persulfate variation.
This clock reaction uses sodium, potassium or ammonium persulfate to oxidize iodide ions to iodine. Sodium thiosulfate is used to reduce iodine back to iodide before the iodine can complex with the starch to form the characteristic blue-black colour.
Iodine is generated:
And is then removed:
Once all the thiosulfate is consumed the iodine may form a complex with the starch. Potassium persulfate is less soluble (cfr. Salters website) while ammonium persulfate has a higher solubility and is used instead in the reaction described in examples from Oxford University.
Chlorate variation.
An experimental iodine clock sequence has also been established for a system consisting of iodine potassium-iodide, sodium chlorate and perchloric acid that takes place through the following reactions.
Triiodide is present in equilibrium with iodide anion and molecular iodine:
Chlorate ion oxidizes iodide ion to hypoiodous acid and chlorous acid in slow and rate-determining step:
Chlorate consumption is accelerated by reaction of hypoiodous acid to iodous acid and more chlorous acid:
More autocatalysis when newly generated iodous acid also converts chlorate in the fastest reaction step:
In this clock the induction period is the time it takes for autocatalytic process to start after which the concentration of free iodine falls rapidly as observed by UV/VIS spectroscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="2907172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907172" title="Daniel Penfield">
Daniel Penfield

Daniel Penfield (1759 – 1840) was an American merchant and Revolutionary War veteran who is best known for founding the town of Penfield, New York.
Biography.
Born on April 25, 1759 to Isaac and Esther Hurlburt Penfield in Guilford, Connecticut, Penfield served as a clerk in the commissary department under Oliver Phelps during the War of Independence. The family moved to Hartland, Connecticut before the war and Granville, Massachusetts afterward.
About 1784, Penfield married Mary Fellows (born September 10, 1762), daughter of John and Mary Ashley Fellows. General Fellows served as an "aide-de-camp" to George Washington. The couple bore five children: Henry (born July 18, 1785), Harriet (born May 12, 1787), Charlotte (born May 22, 1791), Mary Jane (born 1794), and George (born November, 1797). Shortly after marrying, the couple moved to Hillsdale, New York and opened a general store. The store was burnt by an angry mob during Shays' Rebellion, so the couple moved to New York City sometime around 1789. Penfield became owner of a "lucrative commission business" and began making speculative land purchases of tracts in present-day Wayne County, New York in 1790 and present-day Perinton, New York in 1792. Penfield bought his first parcel in the present-day town of Penfield on February 4, 1795. Penfield opened another general store in Claverack, New York and maintained homes in Hudson, New York and New York City. He kept these properties until Embargo Act of 1807 severely curtailed his commission business, prompting his decision move to his Western New York lands in 1809. Penfield contracted with carpenters from Albany, New York to build his homestead in 1811. The house still stands today at 1784 Penfield Road. Over the years, he built or controlled several mills on Irondequoit Creek, including a sawmill, grist mill, distillery, ashery, oil mill, soap mill, clothing mill, and tannery. Penfield owned several African-American houseservants until slavery was abolished in New York State in 1827. Penfield spoke at the ceremonies welcoming the Marquis de Lafayette during his visit of June, 1825. His last commercial undertaking, a five-story flour mill, built in 1835, failed in part due to the Panic of 1837.
Penfield died on August 24, 1840 and was interred next to his wife (who died August 18, 1828) in Oakwood Cemetery in Penfield.
Legacy.
The Town of Penfield and Penfield Road are both named after Penfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2907178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907178" title="Kuwait Stock Exchange">
Kuwait Stock Exchange

The Kuwait Stock Exchange (KSE) is the national stock market of Kuwait.
History.
Although several share holding companies (such as NBK in 1952) existed in Kuwait prior to the creation of the KSE, it was not until October 1962 that a law was passed to organize the country's stock market. However, the KSE was founded in 1983.
The stock market in Kuwait is regulated by four bodies: the KSE, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Kuwait. The KSE is also among the first and largest stock exchanges in the Persian Gulf region, and has gaining prominence as one of the most potentially important in the world.
Listed companies.
As of February 2009 the listed companies are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2907187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907187" title="Electrostar">
Electrostar

Electrostar is the name given to a series of related electric multiple-unit (EMU) passenger trains manufactured by Bombardier Transportation (formerly ADtranz) at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby, England. Since the privatisation of British Rail, it has become the most common new EMU type in Britain, where different variants referred to as Class 357, Class 375, Class 376, Class 377, Class 378 and Class 379, are most common on the high-volume suburban commuter routes in South, West, North and East London, and mainline services south to Sussex, Kent & South Essex coasts and north to Cambridge and Stansted Airport . It shares the same bodyshell and core structure as the Turbostar, which is in turn the most common post-privatisation diesel multiple unit (DMU) family, and both evolved from the Class 168 "Clubman" design by ADtranz.
The Clubman/Turbostar/Electrostar platform is a modular design, which share the same basic design, bodyshell and core structure, and is optimised for speedy manufacture and easy maintenance. It consists of an underframe, which is created by seam-welding a number of aluminium alloy extrusions, upon which bodyside panels are mounted followed by a single piece roof, again made from extruded sections. The car ends (cabs) are made from glass-reinforced plastic and steel, and are huck-bolted onto the main car bodies. Underframe components are collected in ‘rafts’, which are bolted into slots on the underframe extrusion. The mostly aluminium alloy body gives light weight to help acceleration and energy efficiency.
The Electrostar has also been selected for use on the Gautrain system in South Africa, a new railway between Johannesburg, Pretoria, and the Johannesburg International Airport. The trains will be assembled by UCW Partnership in South Africa from components made in Derby.
Transport for London (TfL) announced in August 2006 that it had ordered 48 three- and four-car Electrostar trains for the London Overground service. These were categorised by Network Rail as Class 378, and entered service in 2009 to replace the Class 313 and Class 508 on the North London Line and West London Line, and to provide the opening service on the new East London line extension from 2010.
In 2009, as part of the government's wider rolling stock plan, an order was placed for thirty four-car Class 379 Electrostar units intended for use by National Express East Anglia (now operated by Greater Anglia) on the Stansted Express and West Anglia services. The first of the new Class 379 units entered passenger service on Thursday 3 March 2011 running the 20:10 Stansted Express from London Liverpool Street to Stansted Airport and the 21:15 return service.
Electrostar routes.
c2c.
c2c uses Class 357 units on services down the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway line from Shoeburyness and Southend to London Fenchurch Street.
Southeastern.
The Class 375 is the backbone of Southeastern's long distance routes, seeing services on most of its lines originating from its London termini (London Victoria, Charing Cross, Cannon Street and London Bridge) including; 
On the outer suburban portions of these above routes, Class 465/9 "Networkers" support the "Electrostars", but they do not work in multiple together.
The Class 376 operates on the metro routes in suburban London, in conjunction with the Class 465 and Class 466 "Networker"s, operating over the London portion of the above lines from the London Termini (including Blackfriars) out to Dartford and Sevenoaks);
This leaves the Bromley North Line and Sheerness Line, both operated by Class 466s (2 car Networkers) which also used to operate on the Medway Valley Line prior to the May 2012 Timetable Changes.
Southern.
Southern's Class 377 fleet is found on all parts of the network apart from the non-electrified routes. They also now run frequently in metro routes alongside the Class 455s and used to run alongside the Class 456s until their transfer to South West Trains in 2014.
Suburban.
Often found on 
377s can be also found running overnight on Southern London Victoria–Brighton duties at 1:00am and 4:00am, calling at Clapham Junction, East Croydon, Horley, Gatwick Airport, Three Bridges.
London Overground.
London Overground operates Class 378s over five lines around London:
The sixth major route it's responsible for is the unelectrified Gospel Oak to Barking Line. For this, London Overground obtained Class 172 Turbostar DMUs.
First Capital Connect.
Since March 2009 First Capital Connect are running 23 x 4 car Class 377's on the Thameslink Bedford to Brighton route, this increased to 26 x 4 car Class 377's in late 2011.
Gautrain (South Africa).
On 8 June 2010, the route between Sandton and OR Tambo International Airport in South Africa opened in time for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The rest between Johannesburg Park Station and Rosebank is to be completed in 2011. Although railways in South Africa use the Cape gauge, Gautrain is built to the more expensive standard gauge of . According to the Gautrain planning and implementation study, this is done for several reasons, including that standard gauge is safer and more comfortable to passengers. The rolling stock is also easier, quicker and less expensive to obtain than Cape Gauge rolling stock, and standard gauge is also less expensive to maintain as it is more tolerant of track imperfections than Cape Gauge. Standard gauge allows for travel at Gautrain's required speed of .
Abellio Greater Anglia.
From March 2011 National Express East Anglia introduced 30 x 4 car Class 379s on Stansted Express and West Anglia Main Line services. These incorporate some features of Bombardier's planned 'Aventra' Mark 2 Electrostars.
All units had entered service by mid-August 2011, two months ahead of schedule. A major timetable update in December 2011 entailed the introduction of 12-car trains on some peak workings to and from Cambridge.
These trains are now operated by Greater Anglia as of 5 February 2012.
External links.
The Operators of the Electrostars

</doc>
<doc id="2907191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907191" title="Dinema">
Dinema

Dinema is a genus of orchids. It is represented by a single currently accepted species, Dinema polybulbon, native to Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="2907194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907194" title="Hormidium">
Hormidium

Within the Orchidaceae, Hormidium was originally a subgenus of the genus "Epidendrum", but was later raised to a full genus. It is now considered not to be distinct from the genus "Prosthechea", of which it is a synonym. Most of the species of "Hormidium" have been transferred to "Prosthechea", although others are now classified in "Encyclia", "Epidendrum", "Homalopetalum", and "Lepanthes".
Taxonomy.
In 1841, John Lindley used the name "Hormidium" for one of the subgenera into which he divided the genus "Epidendrum". He described the subgenus as having pseudobulbous stems, sessile flowers and with the lip (labellum) of the flower joined (adnate) to the column. Later, in 1861, Heinrich Reichenbach concluded that the subgenus "Hormidium" was superfluous.
In 1883, George Bentham and Joseph Hooker raised "Hormidium" to a full genus. They distinguished "Hormidium" from the other pseudobulbous species of "Epidendrum" with at least a partially adnate labellum, and specifically mentioned only four species, two of which are now retained in "Epidendrum", one which is now placed in "Homalopetalum", and one which is now placed in "Lepanthes". Because the genus "Encyclia" features non-adnate labella, and because the genus "Prosthechea" features labella which are only partially adnate (and therefore do not quite meet Lindley's criteria for "Hormidium"), Bentham and Hooker's description is useful:
"Hormidium" is now considered not to be distinct from the genus "Prosthechea", of which it is a synonym. Most, but not all, of the former species of "Hormidium" have been transferred to "Prosthechea".
Species and synonymy.
The following species have at one time or another been placed in the genus "Hormidium" but are now placed in different genera:

</doc>
<doc id="2907204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907204" title="Quarterly Literary Review Singapore">
Quarterly Literary Review Singapore

Quarterly Literary Review Singapore (QLRS) is a Singapore literary journal founded by Singaporean poet Toh Hsien Min in 2001. The journal is structured as a non-profit volunteer collective, and publishes poetry, short stories, essays, criticism and interviews, among others, from writers in Singapore and abroad. Besides Toh, the magazine's editorial team includes or has included other Singapore writers such as Heng Siok Tian, Cyril Wong, Yong Shu Hoong and Yeow Kai Chai. The journal has published work by writers such as Leonard Schwartz, John Tranter, John Mateer, Arthur Yap, Wena Poon, Tania De Rozario and Kirby Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="2907207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907207" title="Yingdehong tea">
Yingdehong tea

Yingdehong tea (英德红茶; pinyin: Yīngdé hóngchá) is a black tea from Yingde, Guangdong province, China. First produced mechanically in 1959. The tea tasted good and the best kind is "Ying Hong NO.9", and much of the tea is exported. Some quality varieties are produced, which often look like leaf Oolong.
The tea should have a cocoa-like aroma and like most Chinese black teas a sweet aftertaste.

</doc>
<doc id="2907217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907217" title="Song of the sea">
Song of the sea

The Song of the Sea (, Shirat HaYam, also known as Az Yashir Moshe) is a poem that appears in the Book of Exodus of the Hebrew Bible, at . It is followed in verses 20 and 21 by a much shorter song sung by Miriam and the other women. The Song of the Sea was reputedly sung by the Israelites after they crossed the Sea of Reeds in safety, and celebrates the destruction of the Egyptian army during the crossing, and looks forward to their future conquest of Canaan. 
The poem is included in Jewish prayer books, and recited daily in the morning shacharit services. The poem also comprises the first ode or hymn of the Eastern Orthodox canon, where it is known as the Song or Ode of Moses. It is also used in the Roman Catholic liturgy, where it is sometimes known as the "Song of Moses" (not to be confused with the Song of Moses in Deuteronomy).
Origin.
The poem forms part of parshat Beshalach. It is one of only two sections of the Sefer Torah that is written with a different layout from the normal simple columns. (The other section written differently is the Song of Moses at the end of Deuteronomy, in parshat Ha'azinu.)
Ketuba of the Seventh Day of Pesah.
The "Ketubá del Seten Dia de Pesah" (or כתובה ליום השביעי של פסח - "Ketuba Le-yom Ha-shebi`i shel Pesah") is a liturgical poem in Ladino, describing Pharaoh's defeat in the Sea of Reeds. Most Jewish communities sing this poem on 21 Nisan, the seventh day of Passover. According to Jewish tradition, this is the day on which Pharaoh's army was drowned in the Sea of Reeds, and the Israelite people sang the "Song of the Sea" in gratitude for this victory.
Presumably, this text is called a "ketuba" ("marriage contract") because the relationship between God and the Jewish people is traditionally described as a marriage, and the splitting of the sea is considered to be an important event leading to that marriage, which ultimately took place 42 days later, at Mt. Sinai.
A tune for the Ladino poem (along with the entire text itself) can be found in Isaac Levy's "Anthology of Sepharadic Hazzanut".
Musical settings.
The following settings exist for the Song of the Sea in the Catholic tradition:
The following setting exists for the Song of the Sea in the Protestant tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="2907238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907238" title="Metal Slug (series)">
Metal Slug (series)

Metal Slug (Japanese Katakana title: メタル スラッグ "'Metaru suraggu'") is a series primarily of run and gun video games created by created by SNK. Spin-off games include a third-person shooter and a tower defense game. Originally created for Neo-Geo arcade machines and game consoles, the original games have also been ported to other consoles, with several later games created for various other platforms. The games focus on the Peregrine Falcon Squad, a small group of soldiers who fight against a rebel army, aliens and various other forces intent on world domination.
Gameplay.
The gameplay of the series is characteristic of run and gun games: large numbers of enemies and a player character with extremely powerful weapons. In most run and guns, contact with an enemy leads to annihilation. In this series, however, contact results in the opportunity to perform a melee attack and the opportunity for the enemy to perform a melee attack of his own, if he has one. The player's melee attack is also much stronger than most shots. This leads to the players ability to run in and use melee attacks to take down a number of enemies, and the ability to quickly defeat enemies that can take plenty of damage, such as the mummies in "Metal Slug 2".
The player starts with only a simple handgun; as the game progresses, the player may pick up new weapons. The player can only use one weapon at a time. When a new weapon is found, it replaces the previous one. Similarly, when ammunition runs out, the player reverts to using the handgun, which has unlimited ammunition. A new system was implemented with "Metal Slug 6" allowing players to carry and switch between the handgun and two other weapons.
The SV-001 (SV being an abbreviation for "Super Vehicle") or 'Metal Slug' is the main vehicle of the "Metal Slug" franchise. It is a small, cartoonish silver-gray tank. The tank is armed with one cannon and twin vulcan cannons. The vehicle can jump and crouch. Crouching opens a hatch on the top of the tank through which grenades can be thrown. The grenades are independent of the cannon's ammunition system. The vehicle can run over infantry and perform a suicide attack, with the driver jumping clear and the tank ramming into and exploding upon the target. The vehicle can take three direct hits before it is destroyed. The enemy chaser variant has a shield that must be destroyed before the vehicle can be destroyed. It is propelled by caterpillar treads. Over time, these specifications changed into any vehicle armed with a vulcan cannon and a cannon variant suited to the role of the vehicle, and propelled suitably for that vehicle's environment. In "Metal Slug 6" (and the home version of "Metal Slug" X, 3, 4, 5), the playable character Tarma can lock the vulcan cannons into one position and fire continuously.
Metal Slug games typically have 6 levels. The exceptions are Metal Slug 3 and Metal Slug 5 which have 5 and Metal Slug 7 which has 7. In several of the arcade and console versions, the game would have the blood censored, showing white blood instead of red. However, there is a code to disable this censor.
Games.
Platforms.
Metal Slug 1 through to 5 were created for Neo-Geo, though some of these titles were later ported to platforms including the Sega Saturn, PlayStation, Virtual Console, PlayStation Network, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox Live Arcade, iOS, Android and also for PC via Steam. Subsequent main games and spin-offs were created for platforms including Nintendo DS, Neo Geo Pocket Color and Game Boy Advance. A collection of the first seven games in the main series, as well as the "Metal Slug X" remake, "Metal Slug Anthology", is available for the Wii, PlayStation Portable, and PlayStation 2, with a similar collection, "Metal Slug Collection PC", being available for PC. A spin-off tower defense game, "Metal Slug Defense", was created for iOS and Android. Another spin-off game, "Metal Slug Touch", was created just for iOS in 2009, though was removed from the App Store in 2012.
Plot.
Setting.
The first game's story involved the Peregrine Falcon (PF) Squad, a small but skilled team of soldiers serving under the Regular Army's special operations division, who fight against the army of General Donald Morden in order to prevent a massive coup d'état and the creation of a New World Order. Later games featured characters from the Sparrows Unit, which is under the control of the Regular Army's intelligence division. Beginning with "Metal Slug 2". the PF Squad also battles an alien threat to Earth (the Mars People), as well as several other supernatural threats including yetis, zombies, ambulatory Venus flytraps, giant crabs, and mummies. These outlandish elements were removed from the fourth game to return to the feel of the original title. The fifth moved to the motif of modern guerrilla warfare, leaving only traces of the series signature quirky humor and paranormal enemies, with the exception of the final boss). "Metal Slug 6" returned to the plot of the first three installments, bringing back Morden's Rebel Army and the Mars People. "Metal Slug 7" has less outlandish elements with the Mars People replaced by an alternative universe of Morden's Army with futuristic equipment and weapons.
Characters.
Marco Rossi and Tarma Roving were the only playable characters in the first game, and each was reserved solely to the first and second player, respectively. From the second installment, characters can be chosen independently, and Eri Kasamoto and Fiolina "Fio" Germi were added to the cast. These four are typically considered to be the quintessential "Metal Slug" team. In the fourth game, Nadia Cassel and Trevor Spacey made their debut, replacing Eri and Tarma, but they have not returned in later games due to Playmore retaining intellectual rights to all SNK titles, as they were created by the Korean-based Mega Enterprise. Eri and Tarma returned in the fifth game. The Game Boy Advance edition of the game features two new characters specific to that title: PF squad trainees Walter Ryan and Tyra Elson. "The King of Fighters"/"Ikari Warriors" characters Ralf Jones and Clark Still have appeared since "Metal Slug 6", and their "King of Fighters" teammate Leona Heidern is available as an extra downloadable character for "Metal Slug XX", a revised edition of "Metal Slug 7".
General Donald Morden is the main antagonist of the "Metal Slug" franchise. He is depicted as a rambling madman wearing a beret, eyepatch, and bomber jacket. He appears in every game except "Metal Slug 5." He apparently mends his ways by the end of "Metal Slug 6", as he (or Rootmars depending on the players chosen route) rescues the player(s) after they are knocked off a wall by an explosion caused by the alien end boss. His army is the main force of opposition in the Metal Slug games, with the exception of "Metal Slug" 5 and 6. He commands the Rebel Army, and in "Metal Slug 4" he was thought to be behind the Amadeus Terror Syndicate. He once again returns to his roots of attempted world domination in "Metal Slug 7", this time with the help of the Rebel Army from the future, also being the final boss for the first time since the original "Metal Slug". Like the main characters, General Morden appears in various SNK games as a cameo, especially in the "" series.
Allen O'Neil, a sub-boss, appears in all of the games except Metal Slug 5 and 6. He returns in Metal Slug 7. He uses an M60 machine gun, a knife, and grenades. Despite the fact that Allen is clearly killed at the conclusion of every encounter, the game makers have humorously brought him back in each new iteration of the series. Allen's son Allen Jr. appears in "Metal Slug Advance" as the recruits' drill sergeant but later reveals himself as a double-agent for the Rebel Army. He can be fought in the final mission as an optional boss.
The Mars People are aliens that are in a plot to take over Earth in the "Metal Slug" universe. They resemble squids, using their tentacles as a form of movement, and a strange fighting style which involves gas and a laser pistol. In "Metal Slug 2", they appeared as enemies near the climax of the game, with their mothership appearing as the final boss. They appear again in "Metal Slug 3", abducting Morden and one of the members of the Peregrine Falcons in the final level (which ever one the player uses will be abducted), only for the Peregrine Falcons and Morden's army to take the fight to their mothership and defeat them, and their leader Rootmars. In "Metal Slug 6", the Mars People, Morden, as well as his rebel army, and the Ikari Warriors, join forces with the Peregrine Falcons to fight a new alien invader who, ironically, feed on the Mars People. In "Metal Slug X" they appear as enemies early in the game. Mars People also are the first characters from the "Metal Slug" series who appear in a fighting game: first in "" as a hidden (but playable) character, and later in "Neo Geo Battle Coliseum" as an un-lockable playable character.
Development.
The aspect of the "Metal Slug" series was to create a simple, but exciting side-scrolling shoot-em-up game with a very easy control scheme (one joystick and three buttons). The same team that created "Metal Slug" for the Neo-Geo previously created several games for Irem which have very similar graphics and gameplay, such as "GunForce" (1991), "In the Hunt" (1993) and "Gunforce 2" (1994). Because of this, some fans refer to "Gunforce 2" as ""Metal Slug Zero"".
Some of the stock sound effects from Irem titles were used in the "Metal Slug" games. The music was composed by Takushi Hiyamuta (who is credited as "Hiya!"), a key member of the Nazca Corporation, which was acquired by SNK in 1996. The first 3 titles were developed by the "Nazca" team before SNK declared bankruptcy in October 2001, leading to the disbandment of the original team. Anticipating the collapse of SNK, the company Playmore was launched August 2001, which became known as SNK Playmore in 2003, the year after "Metal Slug 4" was released. Development on the series has since continued without the original staff.

</doc>
<doc id="2907244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907244" title="David Chudnovsky (politician)">
David Chudnovsky (politician)

David Chudnovsky is a Canadian politician. As a member of the New Democratic Party, he was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Vancouver-Kensington on May 17, 2005. He served as Opposition Critic for Transportation. As of 2007, he is Opposition Critic for Homelessness and Mental Health. 
Chudnovsky has lived in Vancouver-Kensington for more than 26 years with his wife and two children. David has been an active volunteer in his community, coaching hockey teams at Trout Lake and softball teams at Little Mountain. 
He holds an Honours B.A. in History and Political Science from York University and a Bachelor of Education degree from the University of Toronto. He served on the boards of Surrey-Delta Immigrant Services Society and the Charter for Public Education Network. 
He has been a teacher for 28 years, including nursery school, elementary school, high school and university. He was the president of the British Columbia Teachers' Federation from 1999 to 2003, to represent the 45,000 public school teachers in B.C. in British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2907246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907246" title="Silver oxide">
Silver oxide

Silver(I) oxide is the chemical compound with the formula Ag2O. It is a fine black or dark brown powder that is used to prepare other silver compounds.
Preparation.
Silver oxide can be prepared by combining aqueous solutions of silver nitrate and an alkali hydroxide. This reaction does not afford appreciable amounts of silver hydroxide due to the favorable energetics for the following reaction:
Structure and properties.
Ag2O is isostructural with Cu2O. It is therefore expected that Ag2O is insoluble in all solvents, except by reaction. It is slightly soluble in water due to the formation of the ion Ag(OH)2– and possibly related hydrolysis products. It dissolves in ammonia solution to give soluble derivatives.
A slurry of Ag2O is readily attacked by acids:
where HX = HF, HCl, HBr, or HI, HO2CCF3. It will also react with solutions of alkali chlorides to precipitate silver chloride, leaving a solution of the corresponding alkali hydroxide.
Like many silver compounds, silver oxide is photosensitive. It also decomposes at temperatures above 280 °C.
Applications.
This oxide is used in some silver-oxide batteries, as is the peroxide, Ag4O4. In organic chemistry, silver oxide is used as a mild oxidizing agent. For example, it oxidizes aldehydes to carboxylic acids. Such reactions often work best when the silver oxide is prepared "in situ" from silver nitrate and alkali hydroxide.

</doc>
<doc id="2907249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907249" title="Rhyncholaelia">
Rhyncholaelia

Rhyncholaelia, abbreviated Rl. in the horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae), comprising 2 species. They are distributed in Mexico, Guatemala, Belize, and Honduras. Both species were originally published in "Brassavola" by Lindley. In 1918, Schlechter erected the new genus "Rhyncholaelia" and moved "Brassavola digbyana" Lindl. 1846 and "Brassavola glauca" Lindl. 1839 into it.

</doc>
<doc id="2907267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907267" title="Grangetown, Sunderland">
Grangetown, Sunderland

Grangetown is a suburb of Sunderland in Tyne and Wear, England. It is situated two miles south of Sunderland City Centre and two miles north of Ryhope. Grangetown was previously known for heavy traffic congestion, as it contained the intersection of the original route of the A1018 road (which was the original route of the A19 and the main road into Sunderland from the south) and the inner and outer ring roads. Since the opening of the new Southern Radial Route in mid-2008, traffic has become less of an issue in the area. Grangetown is home to many shops and is a popular shopping place for locals. It contains Grangetown Primary School and Southmoor Academy. The borders of Grangetown are Hillview to the west, the sea to the east, Hendon and Ashbrooke to the north and Ryhope to the south. Some main roads in Grangetown are Leechmere Road, Ryhope Road, Queen Alexandra Road and Sea View Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2907283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907283" title="Sir Charles Hobhouse, 4th Baronet">
Sir Charles Hobhouse, 4th Baronet

Sir Charles Edward Henry Hobhouse, 4th Baronet PC, TD, JP (30 June 1862 – 26 June 1941) was a British Liberal politician. He was a member of the Liberal cabinet of H. H. Asquith between 1911 and 1915.
Background and education.
The eldest son of Sir Charles Parry Hobhouse, 3rd Baronet, he was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, and served as a Lieutenant in the 60th Rifles from 1884 to 1890.
Political career.
Hobhouse was Liberal Member of Parliament for Devizes between 1892 and 1895 and for Bristol East between 1900 and 1918. He was a Parliamentary Private Secretary at the Colonial Office from 1892 to 1895 and a Church Estates Commissioner from 1906 to 1907. He was appointed to his first ministerial post in 1907 when Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman made him Under-Secretary of State for India, and then served under H. H. Asquith as Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1908 to 1911. He was a member of Asquith's cabinet as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1911 and 1914 and as Postmaster-General between 1914 and 1915. In 1909 he was sworn of the Privy Council. Apart from his career in national politics Hobhouse was a County Alderman for Wiltshire from 1893 to 1924 and an Honorary Colonel of the Royal Tank Regiment. He succeeded his father as fourth Baronet in 1916.
Personal life.
Hobhouse died in June 1941, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="2907300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907300" title="Mary Wright Sewell">
Mary Wright Sewell

Mary Wright Sewell (April 6, 1797 – June 10, 1884) was an English poet and children's author. Though popular for writing juvenile bestsellers in her day, she is better known today as the mother of Anna Sewell, the author of "Black Beauty". 
Mary was born into the Quaker faith in 1797, and lived at the Blue Lodge, Wick from 1858 to 1864. She had a great love of poetry and wrote "Mother's Last Words" (which sold millions of copies throughout the world) while living at Wick, near Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="2907302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907302" title="Between the Lines">
Between the Lines

Between the Lines may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2907312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907312" title="Sonia Aquino">
Sonia Aquino

Sonia Aquino (born July 10, 1977 in Avellino) is an Italian actress.
Biography.
Theatre, cinema and television actress, she graduated at the "National School of the Cinema" (Scuola Nazionale di Cinema) in Rome and attended Francesca De Sapio's "Duse Studio". Moreover she studied performing arts at the theatre ""Bellini"" in Naples, taking part in some stages held by Peter Del Monte, Marco Bellocchio and Maurizio Nichetti. She has most notably appeared in the movie "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers" as Sophia Loren.

</doc>
<doc id="2907321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907321" title="BRAT diet">
BRAT diet

The BRAT diet is a diet for patients with gastrointestinal distress such as diarrhea, dyspepsia, and/or gastroenteritis. The BRAT diet is a bland diet that consists of foods that are low in fiber. Low-fiber foods were recommended as it was thought that foods high in fiber cause gas and possibly worsen gastrointestinal upset.
An acronym, BRAT is a mnemonic for bananas, rice, apple sauce, and toast, the staples of the diet. Extensions to the BRAT diet include BRATT (with tea), BRATTY (with tea and yogurt), and BRATCH (with chicken, often boiled). Sometimes, the "T" represents tapioca. In addition to dietary restrictions, medical professionals recommended that all patients, regardless of age, drink plenty of fluids to prevent dehydration, along with oral rehydration solutions to replace the depleted electrolytes to avoid salt imbalance. Severe, untreated salt imbalance can result in "extreme weakness, confusion, coma, or death."
Nutritional analysis.
The American Academy of Pediatrics states that most children should continue a normal, age appropriate diet. The foods from the BRAT diet may be added, but should not replace normal, tolerated foods. Sugary drinks and carbonated beverages should be avoided. The BRAT diet is no longer routinely recommended by nutritionists at the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (SCCA) to patients who have had stem cell transplants and have diarrhea due to Graft-versus-host disease as long-term use can lead to nutritional deficiencies. BRAT is nutritionally incomplete and may be deficient in energy, fat, protein, fiber, some vitamins and calcium. Cultured foods, rice water, coconut water and soluble fiber foods/supplements are more effective at treating ongoing diarrhea in conjunction with tolerated foods and beverages.
A well-balanced diet is not always best during diarrhea. The intestinal mucosal cells are damaged in common viral enteritis, and are not able to properly absorb nutrients until they regenerate, which requires about 48 hours. Many clinicians feel that restricting food intake during this time, especially difficult to digest substrates such as fats and proteins, helps to shorten the duration of the diarrhea (and also nausea and vomiting) that results from the enteric insult. Thus the usual recommendation for clear liquids, especially those that replace the salts lost in diarrhea and vomiting. Sports drinks and bouillion are ideal for this. Some tissues in the brain can only use glucose as a fuel (though others can use ketone bodies), so the sugars in sports drinks and hard candy may help to ward off the mental confusion that can accompany the illness. Once the nausea has resolved, and hunger returns, the BRAT diet can supply carbohydrates which are easier to metabolize by the weakened intestine than are fats and proteins. The BRAT diet can also serve as a test diet, since if symptoms return or worsen that is a sign that the diet was advanced too soon. Studies have found, however, that incorporating foods from the BRAT diet may reduce the severity of diarrhea. The BRAT diet was never meant to be exclusive; the need for salt replacement should always be kept in mind. It was only designed to give patients some idea of what they could try as they advance their diet, so as to avoid a relapse. Apple sauce provides pectin, as does toast with jelly.
In 2007, Debora Duro and Christopher Duggan reported that bananas and rice have been shown to have a positive effect on the bowels, but recommended caution in using the diet. "In vitro" research has found that rice may offer anti-secretory benefits. In studies of choleric patients, rice-based oral re-hydration solutions help decrease stool volume and stop diarrhea sooner. Duro and Duggan referenced a meta-analysis that looked at thirteen studies. The banana’s high content of amylase-resistant starch has been shown to protect the gastrointestinal mucosa in animals and reduce symptoms of non-ulcer dyspepsia and peptic ulcer in people. Amylase-resistant starch is broken down into short-chain fatty acids in the colon, a process that may reduce water and electrolyte losses and benefit GI symptoms. Duro and Duggan cite one study in which adding pectin or bananas to the diet significantly decreased stool weight and stopped diarrhea much sooner, compared with a rice diet alone.
Adding rice, bananas, or pectin to the diet during diarrhea may be beneficial, but Duro and Duggan point out that the BRAT diet is not nutritionally complete and may be deficient in energy, fat, protein, fiber, vitamin A, vitamin B12, and calcium. Duro and Duggan also say that food restriction does not benefit diarrhea and actually causes individuals to suffer from diarrhea for longer periods of time, based on randomized clinical trials.
Medical attention is required when on the BRAT diet if there is any blood or mucus present in the diarrhea, if the diarrhea is severe or if it lasts longer than 3 days.
Alternatives.
An alternative diet that is being researched is the CRAM diet (cereal, rice, apple sauce, and milk) since it may add more complete protein and needed fat into the diet.
Additionally, other medical professionals advise first aid treatment for gastroenteritis by briefly limiting the diet to bland, easy-to-digest foods and plenty of liquids (including oral rehydration therapy, e.g. oral pediatric electrolyte solutions sold at retail).

</doc>
<doc id="2907322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907322" title="Sunesis Pharmaceuticals">
Sunesis Pharmaceuticals

Sunesis Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of small molecular therapeutics for oncology and other unmet medical needs. The company was founded by Jim Wells.
Founded in 1998, Sunesis filed and completed an IPO in 2005. It is listed on NASDAQ as SNSS. [http://www.shareholder.com/visitors/print_release.cfm?releaseid=191204]

</doc>
<doc id="2907328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907328" title="Memorial Hall (University of Kentucky)">
Memorial Hall (University of Kentucky)

Memorial Hall (UK building number 0049) located at 610 South Limestone Street is a prominent building on the campus of the University of Kentucky. Completed in 1929 as a memorial to those who died in World War I, it is used for lectures and performances, and also serves as a site for graduation ceremonies of some colleges within the university. It is located on central campus at the end of Funkhouser Drive.
The building is a symbol of the University of Kentucky, often used in promotions and advertising. Its clock tower is known for being featured in the UK logo, between the U and the K. Memorial Hall features cases within its traverse central hall that hold the names of students that served in the World Wars from all the Kentucky counties. 
The lobby of Memorial Hall features a fresco completed in 1934 by Lexington artist Ann Rice O'Hanlon. The fresco, which is one of the few of its size and scale in the United States, depicts the history of Lexington and central Kentucky from settler times through the 19th century. O'Hanlon received a grant through the Works Progress Administration for the completion of its project, and worked on it for months. The fresco has been the recipient of controversy over its racial depictions, and O'Hanlon herself later expressed regret at some of the ways she depicted Lexington.
On May 4, 2004 the University of Kentucky Board of Trustees approved the naming of the main auditorium in Memorial Hall in honor of Edward T. (Ned) Breathitt, a former Kentucky governor and former chair of the UK Board of Trustees. Room 102 in Memorial Hall is now known as the Edward T. (Ned) Breathitt Auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="2907330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907330" title="Kate T. Vogt">
Kate T. Vogt

Kate T. Vogt is an actress who has primarily done voice acting for various animated films for most of her career. She also goes by "Kate Vogt", "K. T. Vogt", and "Gee Gee Loo Loo". She is currently in the acting company of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2907342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907342" title="Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge">
Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge

The Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge (MVNWR) is a protected wildlife refuge administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, located in the Warm Springs Natural Area in the Moapa Valley of Clark County, Nevada. The refuge is east of Death Valley and northeast of Las Vegas, Nevada.
The refuge was created as part of the larger Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex, on September 10, 1979. The Desert National Wildlife Refuge complex also includes the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, the Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge, and the Amargosa Pupfish Station.
History.
One of the areas of the MVNWR, now called the “Plummer Unit,” was a public, family-owned recreational park. A former general manager of the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas, Bob Plummer, purchased a parcel of land with an oasis of California Fan Palms ("Washingtonia filifera") and natural hot springs. It became known as "Desert Oasis Warm Springs." During the 1970s and 80's he converted the property into a spa, resort and retreat enjoyed for over several decades by Las Vegas area families, with fond memories at the "Jewel in the Desert". By 1990 the resort changed from an open-to-the-public venue into a private time-share spa.
The Desert Oasis Warm Springs Resort continued to operate until a wildfire swept through the area in 1994. After the fire, the resort remained unused until 1997 when the property was purchased by Del Webb Inc., turned over to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and incorporated as part of the Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge.
Moapa dace fish.
The refuge was established to provide and protect the habitat of the endangered species of Moapa dace of which about 1,900 exist in the Muddy River area. The habitat on the refuge consists of stream channels feeding the Muddy River including six hot springs emerging near the center of the refuge.
Since the 1990s the dace have been in decline mainly due to habitat destruction and modification. Nearby groundwater pumping has decreased stream discharge and streamflows and decreased dace habitat. Competition with introduced species such as the mosquitofish and shortfin molly have also added to the dace's decline.
In August, 2005 the National Wildlife Refuge Association and again in September, 2005 the Defenders of Wildlife listed the Refuge as one of the 10 most endangered refuges in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2907349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907349" title="Laurence Nowell">
Laurence Nowell

Two sixteenth-century English cousins, one an antiquarian and the other a churchman, were named Laurence Nowell. Their biographies have been confused since the seventeenth century.
Antiquarian.
Laurence (or Lawrence) Nowell (c. 1515 – c. 1571) was an antiquarian, a cartographer and a pioneering scholar of Anglo-Saxon language and literature.
Nowell attended King's School in Westminster from the early 1530s until 1549 before attending Christ Church, Oxford, where he received an MA in 1552. By 1562, he was living in the London house of his patron, Sir William Cecil, where he collected and transcribed Anglo-Saxon documents and compiled the first Anglo-Saxon Dictionary, the "Vocabularium Saxonicum". During this time he became the friend and mentor of William Lambarde, another early scholar of Anglo-Saxon. In 1563, Nowell came into possession of the only extant manuscript of "Beowulf". The manuscript is bound in what is still known as the Nowell Codex (Cotton Vitellius A. xv). He also studied the Exeter Book, annotating folios 9r and 10r amongst others.
Nowell devoted much effort in the 1560s to a large-scale atlas of Anglo-Saxon Britain, though he never completed the work. For Cecil, he made the first accurate cartographic survey of the East coast of Ireland, as well as a small, accurate pocket-sized map of Britain, which Cecil always carried with him.
In 1563, Nowell was made the tutor of Cecil's ward, Edward de Vere, the seventeenth Earl of Oxford. Nowell visited the Continent to study in 1568, and probably died there between 1570 and 1572. His books and manuscripts passed into the possession of William Lambarde.
Churchman.
Laurence (or Lawrence) Nowell (died 1576) was a churchman and first cousin of Laurence Nowell the antiquarian. He entered Brasenose College, Oxford, in 1536 and received his MA in 1544. Having strong Protestant views, Nowell fled England when Mary took the throne, eventually joining his brother, Alexander Nowell, in Frankfort.
Nowell returned to England with the accession of Elizabeth in 1558. That year he became Archdeacon of Derby. In March 1560, he became Dean of Lichfield. He died in 1576, and is believed to be buried at Weston, Derbyshire.
Biographical confusion.
The biographies of the two Laurence Nowells have been confused and conflated since the seventeenth century. Both William Dugdale and Anthony Wood made the mistake, and it persisted through the "Dictionary of National Biography" and into the twentieth century. In the 1970s, however, Retha Warnicke's analysis of a 1571 court case made it clear that there were two different Laurence Nowells, and their biographies have since been disentangled.

</doc>
<doc id="2907352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907352" title="Conflict of contract laws">
Conflict of contract laws

In the conflict of laws, the validity of a contract with one or more foreign law elements will be decided by reference to the so-called "proper law" of the contract.
History.
Until the middle of the 19th century, the courts applied the "lex loci contractus" or the "law of the place where the contract was made" to decide whether the given contract was valid. The apparent advantage of this approach was that the rule was easy to apply with certain and predictable outcomes. Unfortunately, it was also open to abuse, e.g. the place could be selected fraudulently to validate an otherwise invalid contract; it might lead to the application of laws with no real connection with the transaction itself, say, because the parties signed the agreement while on holiday; or it might have been difficult to decide where the contract was made, e.g. because it was negotiated and signed on a railway journey through several states.
To avoid these difficulties, some courts proposed applying the "lex loci solutionis" or the "law of the place of performance of the contract". This produced difficulties in cases where the contract required each party to perform its obligations in a different country, or where the place of performance was dictated by later circumstances. However, as the public policies driven by the theory of freedom of contract evolved, the Doctrine of Proper Law emerged.
Proper law.
The "proper law" of the contract is the main system of law applied to decide the validity of most aspects to the contract including its formation, validity, interpretation, and performance. This does not deny the power of the parties to agree that different aspects of the contract shall be governed by different systems of law. But, in the absence of such express terms, the court will not divide the "proper law" unless there are unusually compelling circumstances. And note the general rule of the lex fori which applies the provisions of the "proper law" as it is when the contract is to be performed and not as it was when the contract was made.
The parties to a valid contract are bound to do what they have promised. So, to be consistent, the Doctrine of Proper Law examines the parties' intention as to which law is to govern the contract. The claimed advantage of this approach is that it satisfies more abstract considerations of justice if the parties are bound by the law they have chosen. But it raises the question of whether the test is to be subjective, i.e. the law actually intended by the parties, or objective, i.e. the law will impute the intention which reasonable men in their position would probably have had. It cannot safely be assumed that the parties did actually consider which of the several possible laws might be applied when they were negotiating the contract. Hence, although the courts would prefer the subjective approach because this gives effect the parties' own wishes, the objective test has gained in importance. So the "proper law" test today is three-stage:
It is only fair to admit that the task of imputing an intention to the parties in the third situation presents the courts with another opportunity for uncertainty and arbitrariness, but this overall approach is nevertheless felt to be the lesser of the available evils.
Express selection.
When the parties express a clear intention in a choice-of-law clause, there is a rebuttable presumption that this is the "proper law" because it reflects the parties' freedom of contract and it produces certainty of outcome. It can only be rebutted when the choice is not "bona fide", it produces illegality, or it breaches public policy. For example, the parties may have selected the particular law to evade the operation of otherwise mandatory provisions of the law which has the closest connection with the contract. The parties are not free to put themselves above the law and, in such cases, it will be for the parties to prove that there is a valid reason for selecting that law other than evasion.
Implied selection.
When the parties have not used express words, their intention may be inferred from the terms and nature of the contract, and from the general circumstances of the case. For example, a term granting the courts of a particular state exclusive jurisdiction over the contract would imply that the "lex fori" is to be the "proper law" (see forum selection clause).
Closest and most real connection.
In default, the court has to impute an intention by asking, as just and reasonable persons, which law the parties ought to, or would, have intended to nominate if they had thought about it when they were making the contract. In arriving at its decision, the court uses a list of connecting factors, i.e. facts which have an unambiguous geographical connection, and whichever law scores the most hits on a league table created from the list will be considered the "proper law". The current list of factors includes the following:
Dépeçage.
Some legal systems provide that a contract may be governed by more than one law. This concept is referred to as dépeçage. Article 3(1) of the Rome Convention on the law applicable to contractual obligations expressly recognises dépeçage in contracting states.
Problems.
There are many problems affecting this area of law, but two of the most interesting are:
Incapacity through age.
States approach the issue of intentionality from two related, but distinct, conceptual directions:
Many states have policies which protect the young and inexperienced by insulating them from liability even though they may have voluntarily committed themselves to unwise contracts. The age at which children achieve full contractual capacity varies from state to state but the principle is always the same. Infants are not bound by many otherwise valid contracts, and their intention is irrelevant because of the legal incapacity imposed on them by the state of the domicile (the "lex domicilii") or nationality (the "lex patriae"). This recognises a set of social values that requires exculpation even though there is relevant action and consent freely given.
Equally, states have an interest in protecting the normal flow of trade within their borders. If businesses had constantly to verify the nationality or domicile of their customers and their ages, this might slow down business and, potentially, infringe privacy legislation. Hence, conflicts of public policy can emerge which complicate the choice of law decision and invite forum shopping, i.e. traders will always seek to sue infants with whom they have contracts in those states which accord priority to commercial interests, while children will seek the avoidance of liability in the courts which protect their interests. This would be achieved during the characterisation stage by classifying the issue as status and its incidents rather than contract because a party's status and lack of capacity would be in rem.
Mistake, misrepresentation, etc..
In many states, fundamental mistakes, misrepresentations and similar defects may make a contract void "ab initio", i.e. the defect is so serious that it prevents an agreement from ever coming into being. If this happens, every term in the contract including the express selection of the "proper law", would be unenforceable. This raises the question of whether the "lex fori" should operate a policy of saving the validity of contracts wherever possible. Suppose that a contract would be valid under many potentially relevant laws but not under the "putative" "proper law", and that, until problems arose, the parties have acted in good faith on the assumption that they will be bound by the agreement, some courts might be tempted to ignore the apparent "proper law" and choose another that would give effect to the parties general contractual intentions.
English law.
In English law, the Contracts (Applicable Law) Act 1990 formally incorporates the "Convention on the Law Applicable to Contractual Obligations" the "Rome Convention") opened for signature in Rome on June 19, 1980 and signed by the United Kingdom on December 7, 1981; the "Convention on the Accession of the Hellenic Republic to the Rome Convention" (the "Luxembourg Convention") signed by the United Kingdom in Luxembourg on April 10, 1984; and the first "Protocol on the Interpretation of the Rome Convention by the European Court" (the "Brussels Protocol") signed by the United Kingdom in Brussels on December 19, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="2907363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907363" title="Banha">
Banha

Banha (also spelled "Benha ";  ) is the capital of the Qalyubia Governorate in north-eastern Egypt. Egyptians call it "Banhā el-'asal", which means "Sweet like honey"; the nomenclature originally comes from when the Prophet Muhammed sent his message to Muqawqis, ruler of Egypt, to convert to Islam, he replied by sending him gifts; two were slave girls Maria and her sister Sirīn, who were from Upper Egypt, and jar of honey. After the Prophet tasted it, he asked "Where is it from ?" They replied "from Benha" he said "God bless Benha and its sons".
Geography and economy.
It is located 48 km (30 mins) north of Cairo. located on the east bank of the Damietta Branch of the Nile River in the rich farmland of the southern part of the river's delta. Well-irrigated by canals leading off the Delta Barrage, a dam 30 km (20 min) upstream, the surrounding farmland produces wheat and long-staple cotton. Since ancient times, Banha has been known for the production of attar of roses, an ingredient in perfume. Today it is the center of Egypt's electronics industry. Banha is a major junction in the rail network that radiates north from Cairo and it has the 6th biggest train station in Egypt.
The north of Banha is the site of one of several ancient cities called Athribis, the capital of the tenth nome (province) of Lower Egypt in about 1500 BC. The site has never been systematically investigated by archaeologists. Over the years, peasants digging in the area have uncovered a large hoard of silver.
Athribis was the center of worship of the black bull, and enjoyed the most popularity during the Roman period of rule in Egypt. Not much still stands of this ancient capital except some remains from the 18th to the 26th Dynasties. Though not a popular tourist destination, there are such sites here as a Greco-Roman cemetery and silver ingots discovered at the Athribis site currently on display at the Egyptian Museum.
About 20 km (12 mi) southwest of Banha is Tall al Yahudiya, the site of Leontopolis, famed for its glazed tiles in ancient times. Population is around 2,479,347. (2005) and Total Area is 16,105 km².
Climate.
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as hot desert (BWh).
Banha University.
Banha University was established in November 1976 as a branch of Zakazig University in the governorate. It became an independent University in 2005 incorporating several facilities and departments with around 60,500 graduates per annum. The Faculty of Medicine is notable for research and management of 2 main hospitals in Banha.
Districts.
Banha consists of several districts : El-Vilal, Banha El-Gedida (New Banha), Attrib, El-Manshia, El-Shedia, Wast Al-Balad (Downtown Area), Al-Haras el-Watani, Manshit Al-Nur and Hayy El-Zehour(Flowers Suburb), Kafr El-Saraia, Ezbet El-Moraba'a.

</doc>
<doc id="2907379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907379" title="Miss Monday">
Miss Monday

Miss Monday (born 1976) is a Japanese hip-hop and R&B artist. She sings as well as raps, and has collaborated with other artists such as Sowelu, JAMOSA, and Youngshim. She began her career in 2000, releasing singles on the I.D. Records label before being signed by the Japanese arm of Epic Records, for whom she recorded several albums before parting company with them in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2907387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907387" title="Signed zero">
Signed zero

Signed zero is zero with an associated sign. In ordinary arithmetic, the number 0 does not have a sign, so that −0, +0 and 0 are identical. However, in computing, some number representations allow for the existence of two zeros, often denoted by −0 (negative zero) and +0 (positive zero), regarded as equal by the numerical comparison operations but with possible different behaviors in particular operations. This occurs in the "sign and magnitude" and "ones' complement" signed number representations for integers, and in most floating-point number representations. The number 0 is usually encoded as +0, but can be represented by either +0 or −0.
The IEEE 754 standard for floating-point arithmetic (presently used by most computers and programming languages that support floating point numbers) requires both +0 and −0. Real arithmetic with signed zeros can be considered as a variant of the extended real number line such that 1/−0 = −∞ and 1/+0 = +∞; division is only undefined for ±0/±0 and ±∞/±∞.
Negatively signed zero echoes the mathematical analysis concept of approaching 0 from below as a one-sided limit, which may be denoted by "x" → 0−, "x" → 0−, or "x" → ↑0. The notation "−0" may be used informally to denote a small negative number that has been rounded to zero. The concept of negative zero also has some theoretical applications in statistical mechanics and other disciplines.
It is claimed that the inclusion of signed zero in IEEE 754 makes it much easier to achieve numerical accuracy in some critical problems, in particular when computing with complex elementary functions. On the other hand, the concept of signed zero runs contrary to the general assumption made in most mathematical fields (and in most mathematics courses) that negative zero is the same thing as zero. Representations that allow negative zero can be a source of errors in programs, as software developers do not realize (or may forget) that, while the two zero representations behave as equal under numeric comparisons, they yield different results in some operations.
Representations.
The widely used two's complement encoding does not allow a negative zero. In a 1+7-bit sign-and-magnitude representation for integers, negative zero is represented by the bit string 1000 0000. In an 8-bit one's complement representation, negative zero is represented by the bit string 1111 1111. In all three encodings, positive zero is represented by .
In IEEE 754 binary floating point numbers, zero values are represented by the biased exponent and significand both being zero. Negative zero has the sign bit set to one. One may obtain negative zero as the result of certain computations, for instance as the result of arithmetic underflow on a negative number, or codice_1, or simply as codice_2.
In IEEE 754 decimal floating point encoding, a negative zero is represented by an exponent being any valid exponent in the range for the encoding, the true significand being zero, and the sign bit being one.
Properties and handling.
The IEEE 754 floating point standard specifies the behavior of positive zero and negative zero under various operations. The outcome may depend on the current IEEE rounding mode settings.
Arithmetic.
Multiplication and division follow their usual rules for combining signs:
Addition and subtraction are handled specially if the values could cancel:
Because of negative zero (and only because of it), the statements and , for floating-point variables "x", "y", and "z", cannot be optimized to .
Some other special rules:
Division of a non-zero number by zero sets the divide by zero flag, and an operation producing a NaN sets the invalid operation flag. An exception handler is called if enabled for the corresponding flag.
Comparisons.
According to the IEEE 754 standard, negative zero and positive zero should compare as equal with the usual (numerical) comparison operators, like the codice_3 operators of C and Java. In those languages, special programming tricks may be needed to distinguish the two values:
Note: Casting to integral type will not always work, especially on two's complement systems.
However, some programming languages may provide alternative comparison operators that do distinguish the two zeros. This is the case, for example, of the equals method in Java's codice_5 class.
Scientific uses.
Informally, one may use the notation "−0" for a negative value that was rounded to zero. This notation may be useful when a negative sign is significant; for example, when tabulating Celsius temperatures, where a negative sign means "below freezing".
In statistical mechanics, one sometimes uses negative temperatures to describe systems with population inversion, which can be considered to have a temperature greater than positive infinity, because the coefficient of energy in the population distribution function is −1/Temperature. In this context, a temperature of −0 is a (theoretical) temperature larger than any other negative temperature, corresponding to the (theoretical) maximum conceivable extent of population inversion, the opposite extreme to +0.

</doc>
<doc id="2907401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907401" title="Ardingly Reservoir">
Ardingly Reservoir

Ardingly Reservoir is a reservoir that feeds the River Ouse located in West Sussex, England 5 miles (8 km) north of Haywards Heath. The villages of Ardingly and Balcombe are immediately to the east and north of the reservoir respectively. The reservoir was created in 1978 by damming Shell Brook, a tributary of the River Ouse which flows into the Ouse about 500m south of the Reservoir.
The reservoir is filled with water pumped from the River Ouse when river flows are high. The water is stored in the reservoir before being treated and distributed to consumers.
The Ardingly Activity Centre provides watersports for the public including wind surfing, canoeing, powerboating and dinghy sailing.
The reservoir is a popular fishing venue offering 3 miles (5 km) of freshwater fishing for carp, tench, pike, roach, rudd, eel, gudgeon, European perch and bream.
The west bank of the reservoir is private property of the Balcombe Estate but the north, south and east shores offer public rights of way and bridleways. Ornithologists are catered for with two bird hides situated on the east bank.
The site is a local Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2907403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907403" title="2005 Football League Cup Final">
2005 Football League Cup Final

The 2005 Football League Cup Final was played between Liverpool and Chelsea at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on Sunday, 27 February 2005. Chelsea won the match 3–2 after extra time. The two managers; José Mourinho of Chelsea and Rafael Benítez of Liverpool were both in their debut seasons with their respective clubs. Both had also won the major European tournaments the season before; Mourinho won the UEFA Champions League with F.C. Porto and Benítez won the UEFA Cup with Valencia CF.
Liverpool opened the scoring with John Arne Riise scoring inside the first minute, a League Cup final record. Chelsea retained much of the possession in the second half and eventually equalised after 80 minutes when Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard headed a Paulo Ferreira free-kick into his own net. José Mourinho was ordered to the stands after Chelsea's equaliser for making a gesture to the Liverpool fans of a finger to the lips. Despite the incident, Chelsea continued their dominance into extra time and a goal each from Didier Drogba and Mateja Kežman gave them a 3–1 lead. A minute later Antonio Núñez of Liverpool scored a header – his only ever goal in his one-season spell at Liverpool – but the score remained at 3–2 to Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="2907412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907412" title="Denis Salnikov">
Denis Salnikov

Denis Salnikov is a former byline appearing on the "Club Review" of the eXile, an English-language Moscow newspaper. According to a LiveJournal post, Salnikov is a "fictional personage".
The column, in addition to critically evaluating nightlife venues, describes the hedonistic nocturnal adventures of its fictional author, a member of Russia's new young cultural elite called the golden youth (золотая молодёжь). Salnikov's writing reflects an outlook typical to the New Russian (Новый руский) cultural phenomenon, and emphasizes status, wealth, and conspicuous consumption. 
Recently Salnikov's father has fallen out of favour in Moscow; having been obliged to leave the city while his father recovers from a heart attack, Salnikov has been forced to discontinue writing the "Club Review" column.
He has been taken in earnest by a feature in the British newspaper, "The Sunday Times".

</doc>
<doc id="2907414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907414" title="Municipal president">
Municipal president

A presidente municipal (English: "municipal president") is the chief of government of municipios in Mexico. This title was also used in the Philippines under the Spanish and American colonization; it is comparable to a mayor of the town or city. The position is comparable to the county executive of a county in the United States or to the mayor of a city in the United States, although the jurisdiction of a "presidente municipal" includes not only a city but the municipality surrounding it. Nationally, this position is also equivalent to that of Head of Government of the Federal District and that is why these positions are sometimes referred to as "mayors" in English-language publications.

</doc>
<doc id="2907434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907434" title="Million Voices">
Million Voices

"Million Voices" is a single by Swedish DJ and producer Otto Knows. The song was released in Belgium as a digital download on May 31, 2012. The song has charted in Belgium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Sweden. It was written and produced by Otto Knows. Writing credits use his real name Otto Jettman.
Music video.
An accompanying music video for the song was released in November 2012. It was filmed in Lésigny, Seine-et-Marne, France.

</doc>
<doc id="2907436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907436" title="1939 in baseball">
1939 in baseball


</doc>
<doc id="2907439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907439" title="Überplay">
Überplay

Überplay Entertainment was a board game publishing company located in St. George, Utah. As of April 2008, it had ceased operations. The company held three separate brands: Überplay provided family-oriented "Euro-style" board games; Inspiration Games developed games aimed at religious markets; Überplay Digital targeted PC based gaming. 
Überplay-published games include: "Ra", "Motley Fool's Buy Low - Sell High, Alhambra", "Metro", "Hoity Toity", and "Hansa". In 2004, "New England" won the Traditional Game of the Year by Games Magazine.
Under the Inspiration Games imprint, Überplay's published religious-based games, including "Settlers of Zarahemla" (similar to "The Settlers of Catan") and "The Ark of the Covenant" (similar to "Carcassonne").

</doc>
<doc id="2907440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907440" title="Gloger's rule">
Gloger's rule

Gloger's rule is a zoological rule which states that within a species of endotherms, more heavily pigmented forms tend to be found in more humid environments, e.g. near the equator. It was named after the zoologist Constantin Wilhelm Lambert Gloger, who first remarked upon this phenomenon in 1833 in a review of covariation of climate and avian plumage color. (Erwin Stresemann notes that the idea was already expressed by Pallas in "Zoographia Rosso-Asiatica" (1811)) Gloger found that birds in more humid habitats tended to be darker than their relatives from regions with higher aridity. Over 90% of the 52 North American bird species researched conform to this rule.
One explanation of Gloger's rule in the case of birds appears to be the increased resistance of dark feathers to feather- or hair-degrading bacteria such as "Bacillus licheniformis". Feathers in humid environments have a greater bacterial load, and humid environments are more suitable for microbial growth; dark feathers or hair are more difficult to break down. More resilient eumelanins – dark brown to black – are deposited in hot and humid regions, whereas in arid regions, pheomelanins – reddish to sandy color – predominate due to the benefit of crypsis.
Among mammals, there is a marked tendency in equatorial and tropical regions to have a darker skin color than poleward relatives. In this case, the underlying cause is probably the need to better protect against excessive solar UV radiation at lower latitudes. However absorption of a certain amount of UV radiation is necessary for the production of certain vitamins, notably vitamin D ("see also" Osteomalacia).
This principle is also vividly demonstrated among human populations. Populations that evolved in sunnier environments closer to the equator tend to be darker-pigmented than populations originating farther from the equator. There are exceptions, however; among the most well known are the Tibetans and Inuit, who have darker skin than might be expected from their native latitudes. In the first case, this is apparently an adaptation to the extremely high UV irradiation on the Tibetan Plateau, whereas in the second case, the necessity to absorb UV radiation is alleviated by the Inuit's diet naturally rich in vitamin D.

</doc>
<doc id="2907443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907443" title="Interactive Systems Corporation">
Interactive Systems Corporation

Interactive Systems Corporation (styled INTERACTIVE Systems Corporation, abbreviated ISC) was a US-based software company and the first vendor of the Unix operating system outside AT&T, operating from Santa Monica, CA. It was founded in 1977 by Peter G. Weiner, a RAND Corporation researcher who had previously founded the Yale University computer science department.
ISC's 1977 offering, IS/1, was a Version 6 Unix variant enhanced for office automation for the PDP-11. IS/3 and IS/5 were enhanced versions of Unix System III and System V for PDP-11 and VAX. ISC Unix ports to the IBM PC included a variant of System III, developed under contract to IBM, known as PC/IX (Personal Computer Interactive eXecutive, also abbreviated PC-IX), with later versions branded 386/ix and finally Interactive Unix System V/386 (based on System V Release 3.2). ISC was AT&T's "Principal Publisher" for System V.4 on the Intel platform. ISC was also involved in the development of VM/IX (Unix as a guest OS in VM/CMS) and IX/370 (native Unix on the System/370). They also developed the AIX (Advanced Interactive Executive) for the IBM 6150 RT, again under contract to IBM, although IBM awarded the development contract for AIX version 2 for the PS/2 to the competing Locus Computing Corporation.
ISC was acquired by the Eastman Kodak Company in 1988,
which sold its ISC Unix operating system assets to Sun Microsystems on September 26, 1991. Kodak sold the remaining parts of ISC to SHL Systemhouse Inc in 1993.
Several former ISC staff founded Segue Software which partnered with Lotus Development to develop the Unix version of Lotus 1-2-3 and with Peter Norton Computing to develop the Unix version of the Norton Utilities.
PC/IX.
PC/IX was the first Unix implementation for the IBM PC XT available directly from IBM. According to Bob Blake, the PC/IX product manager for IBM, their "primary objective was to make a credible Unix system - [...] not try to 'IBM-ize' the product. PC-IX is System III Unix." PC/IX was not however the first Unix port to the XT. Venix/86 preceded PC/IX by about a year, although it was based on the older Version 7 Unix.
The only significant addition to PC/IX was the INed screen editor from ISC; INed offered multiple windows and context-sensitive help, paragraph justification and margin changes, although it wasn't quite a fully fledged word processor.
PC/IX didn't ship the System III FORTRAN compiler though, and didn't have the tar utility either. BSD-flavored tools like vi or the C shell were also not included. One reason for not porting these was that in PC/IX individual applications were limited to a single segment of 64 KB of RAM.
To squeeze most performance of the XT hardware PC/IX directly addressed the XT hard-drive (did not use the BIOS), and this gave it a significant boost in file system operations compared to MS-DOS. This unfortunately makes it incompatible with most modern virtualization software, except dedicated emulators that fully emulate the XT hard drive controller. Because of the lack of true memory protection in the 8088 chips, IBM only sold single-user licenses for PC/IX.
The PC/IX distribution came on 19 floppy disks and was accompanied by a 1,800-page manual. Installed, PC/IX took approximately 4.5 MB of disk space. An editorial by Bill Machrone in "PC Magazine" at the time of PC/IX's launch flagged the $900 price as a show stopper given its lack of compatibility with MS-DOS applications. PC/IX was not a commercial success.
Interactive Unix.
PC/IX was succeeded by 386/ix in 1985, a System VR3 derivative. Later versions were termed Interactive UNIX System V/386 and based on System V 3.2. The last version was "System V/386 Release 3.2 Version 4.1.1", released in July 1998. Official support ended on July 23, 2006—five years after Sun Microsystems withdrew the product from sale.
Until version ISA 3.0.1, Interactive Unix supported only 16 MB of RAM. In the next versions, it supported 256MB RAM and PCI bus. EISA versions always supported 256MB RAM.

</doc>
<doc id="2907444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907444" title="Watanabe Productions">
Watanabe Productions

Formed by bandleader Shin Watanabe and his wife Misa Watanabe in 1955, the company has become one of the most influential of its kind in Japan. It is referred to informally in Japanese as Nabe-pro (ナベプロ, "nabepuro").

</doc>
<doc id="2907446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907446" title="Belarusian alphabet">
Belarusian alphabet

The Belarusian alphabet is based on the Cyrillic script and is derived from the alphabet of the Old Church Slavonic language. The alphabet has existed in its modern form since 1918 and consists of thirty-two letters. See also Belarusian Latin alphabet and Belarusian Arabic alphabet.
Details.
Officially, the letter <г> represents both and , though the latter is only found in borrowings and mimesis. The letter <ґ> is used by some for the latter sound, but it has never belonged to a standard codification of the Belarusian alphabet.
The combination <д> with letters <ж> or <з> may denote either "two distinct respective sounds" ("e.g.," in some prefix-root combinations: <пад-земны>, <ад-жыць>), or the Belarusian affricates <дж> and <дз> ("e.g.," <падзея>, <джала>). In some representations of the alphabet, the affricates are included in parentheses after the letter <д>, to emphasis their special status, as: <… Дд (ДЖдж ДЗдз) Ее …>.
<Ў> is not a distinct phoneme, but the neutralization of /v/ and /l/ when there is no following vowel, such as before a consonant or at the end of a word.
Palatalization of consonants is mostly indicated through choice of "vowel" letter, as illustrated here with and , both written with the letter <п>:
When a consonant is not palatalized, precedes , the apostrophe <’> is used to separate the iotated vowel: <п’я п’е п’і п’ё п’ю> . (<І> is the palatalizing version of <ы>, and arguably represent the a single phoneme.) The apostrophe is not considered a letter and therefore is not taken into account when alphabetizing. (In pre-Second World War printing, the form <‘> was used. In practical computer use, it is frequently substituted with <'>.)
History.
The alphabet of the Medieval Cyrillics (11th century) included forty-three letters. During the evolution of the Belarusian Alphabet, fifteen letters were dropped, the last four of them going after the introduction of the first official Belarusian grammar in 1918, and four new letters were added, thus producing the modern layout of thirty-two letters.
The new letters were:
The Belarusian alphabet, in its modern form has formally existed since the adoption of the Branislaw Tarashkyevich's Belarusian grammar for the use in the Soviet state school system in 1918 Before that, several slightly different versions of the alphabet were used informally. 
In the 1920s and, notably, at the Belarusian Academical Conference (1926), miscellaneous changes of the Belarusian alphabet were being proposed. Notably, replacing <й> with <ј> ((CYRILLIC) JE), and/or replacing <е>, <ё>, <ю>, <я> with <је> (or else with <јє>), <јо>, <ју>, <ја>, respectively, and/or replacing <ы> with <и>, and/or introducing <ґ> (see also Ge with upturn), and/or introducing special graphemes/ligatures for affricates <дж>, <дз> etc. etc. Even the introducing of the Latin script was contemplated at one moment (e.g., proposal of Zhylunovich at the Belarusian Academical Conference (1926)). None of this was implemented, though.
Notable Belarusian linguist Yan Stankyevich in his later works suggested a completely different layout of the alphabet. (see also Belarusian Latin alphabet, Ge with upturn):
Note: proper names and places' names are rendered in BGN/PCGN romanization of Belarusian.

</doc>
<doc id="2907450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907450" title="Norbert de Boynes">
Norbert de Boynes

Norbert de Boynes (August 24, 1870, La Trinité-des-Laitiers, Dep. Orne – October 6, 1954, Rome), was Vicar General of the Society Of Jesus from the death of Vicar General Alessio Magni (12 April 1944) until the election of Jean-Baptiste Janssens at General Congregation XXIX in September 1946.
Father General Wlodimir Ledochowski had followed the tradition of leaving a letter naming a vicar general to govern the Society until a general congregation could be convoked. On the night after the general's death it was read to the staff of the Curia assembled in the chapel. To their consternation they learned that he had not chosen Father Schurmans whom he had made vicar general four years previously but Alessio Magni, the Italian Assistant. Father Magni was almost as old as Father Ledochowski himself and he was to govern the Society for only 16 months. It is to him, however, that Jesuits owe the decree creating the present New York Province on the Feast of the Sacred Heart in 1943. Father Magni died on April 12, 1944, two months before the liberation of Rome. 
As per Jesuit rules in such circumstances, the seniormost professed fathers present in Rome had to gather and elect a new Vicar General. They chose Norbert de Boynes, the French Assistant. Although Father de Boynes during the previous thirty years had held many responsible offices (e.g. Visitor of the North American provinces as well as the missions in Nanking and the Near East and substitute for the ailing General during General Congregation XXVII), he had recently come close to provoking a schism in the French Provinces. In August 1941 he had as Assistant instructed the French Jesuits that Marshal Pétain's government was the only legitimate government of France. Father de Boynes made this assertion a mere eight months after Vichy had issued its own Jewish statutes. Whatever Father de Boynes' other claims on consideration for the office, his election is viewed by some as an uncomfortable revelation of the conservative bias still existing in the Roman houses.

</doc>
<doc id="2907451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907451" title="Conch (people)">
Conch (people)

Conch , was originally a slang term for native Bahamians of European descent. 
Theories of the name.
Several theories have been proposed for the origin of the term:
Use in Florida.
Florida Keys.
By extension, the term "Conch" has also been applied to the descendants of Bahamian immigrants in Florida. Bahamians began visiting the Florida Keys in the Eighteenth Century to catch turtles, cut timber and salvage wrecks. During the Nineteenth Century and the first half of the Twentieth Century most of the permanent residents in the Florida Keys outside of Key West, and many in Key West, were Bahamian in origin. "Conch" was reported to be a term of "distinction" for Bahamians in Key West in the 1880s.
The white Bahamians in the keys continued to be known as "conchs". Other residents of the Florida Keys, especially in Key West, began applying the term "Conch" to themselves, and it is now applied generally to all residents of Key West. See: Conch Republic. To distinguish between natives and non-natives, the terms "Salt Water Conch" (native) and "Fresh Water Conch" (non-native) have been used. Newcomers become "Fresh Water Conchs" after seven years.
Elsewhere in Florida.
Riviera Beach, Florida, was known as "Conchtown" in the first half of the Twentieth Century because of the number of Bahamian immigrants who settled there. Unlike the situation in Key West and the rest of the Florida Keys, where being "Conch" became a matter of pride and community identification, "Conch" was used by outsiders (in particular the residents of West Palm Beach) in a pejorative manner to describe the Bahamian community in Riviera Beach. The usage there also carried the connotation that at least some of the "Conchs" were of mixed racial heritage. As a result, some of the Bahamians in Riviera Beach denied being "Conchs" when interviewed by the Works Progress Administration (WPA) Florida Writers Project in the late 1930s. WPA worker Veronica Huss (with assistance from Stetson Kennedy) and photographer Charles Foster wrote a book on the Conchs and their culture entitled "Conch Town," but the WPA chose not to publish (Foster eventually published a version of it in 1991). Also, many white Bahamian immigrants settled in the Coconut Grove area of Miami, Florida.
Other uses.
The term "Conchy Joe" is also sometimes used (derogatorily) to refer to a native Bahamian of European descent or a person of non-European or mixed descent who "acts white".

</doc>
<doc id="2907454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907454" title="Monte Kiffin">
Monte Kiffin

Monte Kiffin (born February 29, 1940) is an American football coach, currently the assistant head coach of defense for the Dallas Cowboys . He is widely considered to be one of the preeminent defensive coordinators in modern football, as well as one of the greatest defensive coordinators in NFL history. Father of the widely imitated “Tampa Cover 2” defense, Kiffin's concepts are among the most influential in modern college and pro football.
Before taking the role as Dallas Cowboys defensive coordinator, Kiffin served as assistant head coach for the USC Trojans football program, where his son Lane Kiffin was named head coach on January 12, 2010. Possibly due to the mounting pressure on his poor coaching records, on November 29, 2012, Kiffin resigned from his position to pursue other opportunities in the NFL. He previously served 26 years as an NFL assistant coach, including 13 years as defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, with whom he won Super Bowl XXXVII. His defensive units have finished ranked in the top 10 in points allowed and yards allowed 10 times during that period, an NFL record.
Kiffin was paid about $1.2 million per year by Tennessee, which made him the highest paid assistant coach in college football. He earned a reported $2 million annual salary from the Buccaneers and has turned down several NFL head coaching jobs during his career. To this day, Kiffin's only head coaching job was at North Carolina State University from 1980 to 1982.
Career.
A native of Lexington, Nebraska, Kiffin was an offensive and defensive tackle at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln from 1959 to 1963. In 1966 he played 8 games with the Toronto Rifles of the Continental Football League and also was a member of the Brooklyn Dodgers of the same league. After a brief stint as a defensive end for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Kiffin returned to Nebraska as a defensive coach. Kiffin was the defensive coordinator at Nebraska under legendary coach, Bob Devaney. He coached the defenses of Nebraska's 1970 and 1971 back-to-back undefeated national champion teams. After then offensive coordinator Tom Osborne was selected as the head coach in 1973, Monte stayed as the defensive coordinator for four years. In 1977, he moved to the University of Arkansas, and then in 1980, he got his one and only head coaching job at North Carolina State University.
Kiffin then began a series of short stints in the NFL for the Green Bay Packers, Buffalo Bills, Minnesota Vikings (twice), New York Jets, and New Orleans Saints. In 1996, he became the defensive coordinator for the Bucs.
After Tony Dungy was dismissed by the Buccaneer front office following the 2001 season, Kiffin was persuaded by incoming head coach Jon Gruden to remain in Tampa and continue to run his defense. Kiffin had been interviewed for a head coaching position with the San Francisco 49ers. With the seamless transition on defense allowing the new coaching staff to focus intently on a more potent offensive philosophy, the result was an immediate balance between offense and defense that carried the Buccaneers to the organization's first championship in Super Bowl XXXVII on January 26, 2003 in San Diego, California.
Controversy has surrounded Kiffin's departure from Tampa Bay. After Lane Kiffin signed with Tennessee, Tampa's typically stout defense underperformed. The Bucs lost their final four games of the 2008 season, ending up 9–7, and missed the playoffs. Reports stated that Gruden refused to allow Kiffin to announce his departure to Tennessee mid-season. Allegations were made that Kiffin refused to participate in normal coaching meetings. Neither Kiffin nor Jon Gruden have openly discussed these events.
Monte joined the University of Southern California coaching staff as defensive coordinator, after his son Lane Kiffin became the head coach.
On January 11, 2013, following the 2012-13 NFL regular season, Kiffin was hired as Defensive Coordinator for the Dallas Cowboys. Kiffin was demoted on January 28, 2014 in favor of defensive line coach Rod Marinelli.
Defensive philosophy.
Monte Kiffin is the mastermind behind the Tampa 2 scheme, which is a slight modification of Tony Dungy's Cover 2. His defensive philosophy has several hallmarks.
Personal life.
Monte Kiffin's sons are both football coaches. Elder son Lane Kiffin played football at Fresno State before entering coaching: becoming the head coach of the Oakland Raiders, Tennessee Volunteers, and USC Trojans. Younger son Chris Kiffin played football for Colorado State and is now the Defensive Line coach for Ole Miss, where he followed head coach Hugh Freeze from Arkansas State.

</doc>
<doc id="2907460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907460" title="Alvan Adams">
Alvan Adams

Alvan Leigh Adams (born July 19, 1954) is a retired American professional basketball player. After starring at the University of Oklahoma, the 6'9" (2.06 m) power forward/center was selected by the Phoenix Suns with the 4th pick of the 1975 NBA Draft. Adams was a rookie on a Suns team whose season included an improbable playoff run that took them all the way to the 1976 NBA Finals. In the same year, he was selected to play in the All-Star Game and won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award as well as being named to the All-NBA Rookie Team. Adams spent his entire career with the Suns and retired in 1988 as the second all-time Suns scorer with 13,910 career points.
College career.
During 26 games of the 1973–74 season Adams tied an Oklahoma school record with 21 double-doubles for a season by a Sooner (Garfield Heard, 1969–70 also had 21 in 27 games). That record stood until it was broken by Blake Griffin on February 14, 2009. 
Adams is one of only three players in the history of the University of Oklahoma men's basketball program to score at least 40 points and get 20 rebounds in a game along with Wayman Tisdale (61 points, 22 rebounds against Texas–San Antonio in 1983) and Blake Griffin (40 points, 23 rebounds against Texas Tech on February 14, 2009).
He is one of only four Sooners to have his college jersey (#33) retired by the OU program (Wayman Tisdale (#23), Mookie Blaylock (#10) and Stacey King (#33) are the other three).
Professional career.
On February 22, 1977, Adams recorded a triple-double with 47 points, 18 rebounds and 12 assists against the Buffalo Braves. He is one of four players in NBA history (along with Elgin Baylor, Wilt Chamberlain and Vince Carter) to have as many as 46 points and 16 rebounds in a triple-double performance.
Adams's jersey number (33) was retired, but on the signing of free agent Grant Hill, Adams granted him permission to wear his familiar No. 33 with the Suns.
Adams is the franchise leader in games played, minutes played, rebounds, and steals; second in field goals made and attempted; third in assists; and fourth in blocks.
He is currently the Suns Vice President for Facility Management for US Airways Center.

</doc>
<doc id="2907464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907464" title="Steve Albini">
Steve Albini

Steve Albini (pronounced ; born July 22, 1962) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, record producer, audio engineer and music journalist. He was a member of Big Black, Rapeman and Flour, and is a member of Shellac. He is the founder, owner and engineer of Electrical Audio, a recording studio complex located in Chicago, United States (U.S.). In March 2004, Albini said to a group of more than 300 Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU) students that the number of albums he had worked on was "probably as many as 1500."
Early life.
Albini was born in Pasadena, California, U.S.—the son of Gina Albini (née Martinelli) and Frank Addison Albini, a wildlife researcher—and has a brother and sister. In his youth, Albini's family moved often, before settling in Missoula, Montana, U.S. in 1974. Albini said in 2007 that growing up in Montana, where he identified a progressive mindset due to its status as a "college town", affected his taste: 
Montana has a kind of an open attitude about experience. It's a big empty place so everybody is expected to...figure out how things work. It's not a particularly controlled environment. I think that anybody that's comfortable in Montana is comfortable with a certain degree of uncertainty about what's going to happen and about what's permissible.
While recovering from a broken leg, Albini began playing bass guitar and participated in bass lessons in high school for one week. According to Thrill Jockey's "Looking for a Thrill", Albini was exposed to punk rock by a schoolmate on a field trip when he was 14 or 15, and subsequently bought every Ramones recording available to him.
While growing up in Montana, Albini became a fan of bands such as The Stooges, the Ramones, Television, Suicide, Wire, The Fall, The Velvet Underground, Throbbing Gristle, Kraftwerk, The Birthday Party, Pere Ubu, Public Image Ltd., Rudimentary Peni, and Killing Joke.
After graduating from Hellgate High School, Albini moved to Evanston, Illinois, to attend college at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University (NU), where he attained a degree in Journalism. Albini said he studied painting in college with the late Ed Paschke, someone he calls a brilliant educator and "one of the only people in college who actually taught me anything."
In the Chicago area, Albini was active as a writer in local zines such as "Matter", covering the then-nascent punk rock scene, and gained a reputation for the iconoclastic nature of his articles. At around the same time, he began recording musicians and engineered his first album in 1981. According to Albini, he maintained a "straight job" for five years until 1987, working in a photography studio as a photograph retouch artist.
Career.
Musician.
Prior to formation of his first prominent band Big Black, Albini played in bands, such as the Montana punk band "Just Ducky," a Chicago band called "Small Irregular Pieces of Aluminum" and another band that record label Touch and Go/Quarterstick Records explained "he is paying us not to mention."
Big Black (1982–1987).
In 1982 Albini formed Big Black while he was a student at NU and recorded "Lungs", the band's debut EP, on Ruthless Records. Albini played all of the instruments on "Lungs," except the saxophone parts, played by friend John Bohnen, and the drums. The "Bulldozer" (1983) EP was then released on both Ruthless and Fever Records.
Jeff Pezzati and Santiago Durango, of Chicago band Naked Raygun, and live drummer Pat Byrne joined shortly thereafter, and the band—along with a drum machine credited as "Roland"—released the EP "Racer-X" in 1984 after touring and signing a new contract with the Homestead Records business.
Pezzati commenced recording the "Il Duce" 7-inch single with the band, but returned to his original band before it was completed. Pezzati was replaced on bass by Dave Riley, with whom the group recorded its debut full-length album, "Atomizer" (1986). The "Il Duce" recording was eventually finished with Riley as bassist and the band also released the "Hammer Party" album while signed to Homestead, which was a compilation of the "Lungs" and "Bulldozer" EPs.
Big Black left the Homestead label for Touch and Go Records in late 1985/early 1986 and recorded the "Headache" EP and the 7-inch single, "Heartbeat" between June and August 1986—both were released the following year. Also in 1986, a live album entitled "Sound of Impact" was released on the Not/Blast First label and features a booklet of Albini's writing on the band:
I don't give two splats of an old negro junkie's vomit for your politico-philosophical treatises, kiddies. I like noise. I like big-ass vicious noise that makes my head spin. I wanna feel it whipping through me like a fucking jolt. We're so dilapidated and crushed by our pathetic existence we need it like a fix ... Big Black is a way to get the old blood to boiling without having to buttfuck and garrotte little boys, or hang around slaughterhouses. It's as simple as that. I want to push myself, the music, the audience and everything involved as close to the precipice as possible. Although I'm kinda worried about what we'll find there. All the coolest pioneers of this noise spirit seem to have made the trip to the extreme, been unable, or unwilling, to push on, and tossed in the towel. SPK and PiL on Elektra Records, for Christ's sweet little boy buttfuck murder's sakes. Alan Vega making a disco 12" with Ministry backing him up. The Stranglers using string sections. Colin Newman putting a kibosh on a Wire reunion because his fucking guru told him to leave music forever. Husker Du sounding like Buffalo Springfield, Bad Company, King Crimson and Husker Du, all on the same record. Is there something out there that signals, "Hey, that's enough. You've pushed the boundaries far enough. Time to go home and suck for a while." I want to find out. If Big Black suck in a year's time, you can assume there is. And I'd like to apologize in advance for any 12" scratch/dub/breakdance remixes we might make.
The booklet also provided an insight into the band's influences, as Albini cited bands such as the Ramones, The Birthday Party, the Stooges, Minor Threat, Whitehouse, Pere Ubu, Throbbing Gristle, Skrewdriver, the Ex, Minimal Man, US Chaos, Gang Green and Bad Brains.
In 1987 the band released their second studio album "Songs About Fucking", as well as the "He's a Whore/The Model" 7-inch single, both on Touch and Go. Following a period of extensive touring in 1987 in support of "Songs About Fucking", Big Black eventually disbanded shortly afterwards. Durango enrolled in law school and was successful in becoming a practicing lawyer.
Touch and Go released a Big Black live album and video, "Pig Pile", in 1992 that consisted mostly of recordings from their final tour in 1987. "Pig Pile" was also released in Japan, Australia and Germany. Touch and Go states on its website in May 2014: "Someday, we might release the video on DVD. Until then, please don’t ask us about it."
Rapeman (1987–1988).
Albini went on to form the controversially named Rapeman in 1987—the band consisted of Albini (vocals, guitar), Rey Washam (drums), and David Wm. The band was named after a popular Japanese comic book that garnered Albini and Washam's interests. They broke up after the release of two 7-inch singles—"Hated Chinee/Marmoset" (1988) and "Inki's Butt Crack b/w Song Number One" (1989), one EP titled "Budd" (1988) and the "Two Nuns and a Pack Mule" album, also released in 1988 on Touch and Go.
Shellac (1992–present).
Albini formed Shellac in 1992. With bandmates Bob Weston (formerly of Volcano Suns), and Todd Trainer (of Rifle Sport, Breaking Circus and Brick Layer Cake), they initially released three EPs: "" (1993), "Uranus" (1993) and "The Bird is the Most Popular Finger" (1994)—the first two EP releases were on Touch and Go, while the third EP was a Drag City label release.
Two years after formation, the Japanese label Nux Organization released a Japan-exclusive live album in CD format titled "ライヴイン東京"—an English-language reference to the name Shellac cannot be found anywhere on the CD product, which was not available outside of Japan. The live album was followed by four studio albums: "At Action Park" (1994), "Terraform" (1998), "1000 Hurts" (2000) and "Excellent Italian Greyhound" (2007). With the exception of "At Action Park", all of Shellac's studio albums were released on vinyl as well as CD.
In a 2013 interview, Albini revealed that a fifth studio album will be released by Touch and Go and will be titled "Dude Incredible". Albini explained that "a couple of songs on the album" have not been part of their live setlist, "so if people have been seeing us play for the past couple of years they will have heard the bulk of the record at the live shows." When asked about any surprises on the album, Albini replied: "Well we all sing simultaneously, that’s pretty rare. We don’t do that very often, in fact I can’t remember ever having done that before."
Albini explained in 2010 that Shellac had made a decision early in their existence that they would not play at festivals and this position was articulated to All Tomorrow's Parties (ATP) festival organizer Barry Hogan during the preparation stage of the inaugural ATP event. However, Scottish band Mogwai (band) managed to convince Albini at the time that they were ATP curators and the band was very impressed by the experience: "They (ATP) completely changed the festival game. Now the whole world has to operate under the knowledge that there are these cool, curated festivals where everyone is treated well and the experience is a generally pleasant one." When he is credited, he prefers the term "recording engineer".
"In Utero".
Albini's work on Nirvana's final studio album "In Utero" received a very large magnitude of media attention and, in the prelude to the release of the 20th anniversary deluxe edition in September 2013, a press release stated that "Steve Albini's recording laid bare every primal nuance of the most confrontational yet vulnerable material Kurt Cobain, Krist Novoselic and Dave Grohl would ever record." Following the 1993 release of the original album, "Rolling Stone" writer David Fricke stated that the album "is a lot of things—brilliant, corrosive, enraged and thoughtful, most of them all at once. But more than anything, it's a triumph of the will."
Albini has been asked about the challenges that accompanied the recording and release of "In Utero", but has clarified that the record label was responsible for the difficulties that marred the trajectory of the album. In his 2004 talk to MTSU students, Albini explained:
The recording sessions themselves were "totally normal, it was just like any other record I've ever done. We go to the studio, we make the record, they're happy with it, they go home. After that, when the record label finally heard it, that's when it started. That's when the record label started to try and influence the band, and started to call me names. It didn't affect me on a personal level … but it did begin an ugly period when I almost went bankrupt.
Albini's 2004 statement was reaffirmed in August 2013, in the month prior to the release of the anniversary edition, when Albini stated that "the people who gave me a hard time on the initial release of that record were not in the band ... I never had any qualms with them and they never expressed any reservations to me about the job I did or the way I handled things with the band." Albini further explained that for the remastered deluxe edition, the role of the record label "was purely advisory" and proposed that "record labels now realize that they’re not that good at telling musicians how to conduct their business. Record labels are just trying to stay afloat."
Released on September 24, 2013, the deluxe reissue was mastered into copper discs, using a process called Direct Metal Mastering, and Albini explained that the method "gives you better immediate fidelity." He also referred to the conflict with the record label during the original recording process as "old injuries" and said that he found it "gratifying" that his amenable relationship with Novoselic and Grohl remains intact. In conclusion, Albini asserted to prospective buyers of the remastered version of "In Utero":
I can say that if you get the new deluxe edition double 12-inch 45 vinyl version of Nirvana’s In Utero that is as good as records can be made. You literally can’t do anything more to ensure fidelity on a record than all the steps that we took for that record. It was cut from the original master tapes, it was cut directly into copper, the whole thing was overseen by the guy who was in the room at the time the record was being mixed. Everything about it was done in the best possible way that we could conceive in order to give people the purest, most accurate, best fidelity listening experience that they could have with that album.
Methodology.
In Albini's opinion, putting producers in charge of recording sessions often destroys records, while the role of the recording engineer is to solve problems in capturing the sound of the musicians, not to threaten the artists' control over their product. In 2004 Albini summarized his opinions about record producers:
"It always offended me when I was in the studio and the engineer or the assumed producer for the session would start bossing the band around. That always seemed like a horrible insult to me. The band was paying money for the privilege of being in a recording studio, and normally when you pay for something, you get to say how it's done. So, I made up my mind when I started engineering professionally that I wasn't going to behave like that."
Albini's recordings have been analyzed by writers such as Michael Azerrad, who is also a musician. In Azerrad's 2001 book "Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991", Azerrad describes Albini's work on the Pixies album "Surfer Rosa": "The recordings were both very basic and very exacting: Albini used few special effects; got an aggressive, often violent guitar sound; and made sure the rhythm section slammed as one."
On Nirvana's "In Utero", one can find a typical example of Albini's recording practices. Common practice in popular music is to record each instrument on a separate track at different times, and then blend the different recordings together at a later time as part of a process that is known as multi-track recording. However, Albini prefers to record "live in the studio" as much as possible: the musicians perform together as a group in the same recording space. Albini also places particular importance on the selection and use of microphones in achieving a desired sound—including the painstaking placement of different microphones at certain points around a room to best capture ambience and other qualities.
Production influences.
A key influence on Albini was producer John Loder, who came to prominence in the late 1970s with a reputation for recording albums quickly and inexpensively, but nonetheless with distinctive qualities and a sensitivity towards a band's sound and aesthetic.
Albini has mentioned an admiration for Alan Lomax in particular before. "There was a guy who was really important to me when I first started making records—Iain Burgess. He was an English engineer who lived in Chicago. He eventually opened a studio in France called Black Box. It was really a terrific studio. He died a few years ago, but his bedside manner, for lack of a better word, was really fantastic."
"There's another engineer, a guy that was a supremely good technical engineer and also sort of prided himself on being a sharp businessman—that was John Loder. He ran Southern Studios in London, which later became Southern the record label and SRD the distribution company. But when he was just an engineer, just making records, he made some astonishing, really great-­sounding punk-rock records for almost no money with almost no resources. Big Black made a record with him when he was deeply embroiled in the business part of making Southern into a big company. He had complete command of his equipment, but he never made the equipment the focus of the attention. I was just really impressed with how he was able to take the scrappiest, crudest sounds and assemble them in a way that made them not just listenable but really an exciting representation of what was happening."
As for peers who make great sounding records, Albini likes Bob Weston. Also Brian Paulson, from North Carolina, but came up in the Minneapolis punk-rock scene. And Matt Barnhart from Texas.
On Chicago: "The thing that’s unique to Chicago that people who don’t live here won’t understand is the amount of ball-breaking that is done among very close friends. I think that it’s built into the music scene here. In Chicago people display their affection for each other by the amount of abuse and ball-breaking that they do among their closest friends. When someone is really riding you about the way you look, or behave, or any sensitive personal thing in your life in Chicago that person can very likely be a close friend rather than an enemy carping at you from the outside. There’s a sort of enforced humility here, which means that nobody ever really gets bigger than their britches and if they do everybody else will let them know about it. It keeps the mood very light and low key and you don’t end up developing divas in Chicago. In Chicago you end up with a bunch of people who are working on something trying to make a difference and do something solid, but the focus is never on the personalities."
Albini is prolific. He estimates that he has engineered the recording of 1,500 to 2,000 albums, mostly by rather obscure musicians. More prominent artists that Albini has worked with include Foxy Shazam, Nirvana, Pixies, The Breeders, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Helmet, Chevelle, Robert Plant, Fred Schneider, The Stooges, Mogwai, The Jesus Lizard, Owls, Don Caballero, PJ Harvey, Manic Street Preachers, Jarvis Cocker, The Cribs, The Fleshtones, The Wedding Present, Bush, Joanna Newsom, Nina Nastasia, The Frames, Jawbreaker, The Membranes, Superchunk, Low, Dirty Three, Cheap Trick, Motorpsycho, Slint, mclusky, Labradford, Veruca Salt, Zao, Neurosis, The Auteurs and Cloud Nothings.
Albini states his priorities: "the fact that I have long standing relationships with people I’ve worked with over the years is much more important to me than any particular record. I don’t work on records that are hits and I don’t work on records that win awards; I just try to do as good a job as I can and make sure the band for whom I’m making the record gets every penny of their money’s worth out of me."
Electrical Audio Studio.
Albini bought Electrical Audio, his personal recording studio, in 1995. The impetus for the move to his own studio was the lack of privacy for Albini and his wife. His former studio was in their house, a typical Chicago bungalow, with "a front room with a swinging door that goes between the bathroom and kitchen. There will be a bedroom off the kitchen and two bedrooms off from there." Albini said that the "whole house had been taken over by the studio. The basement was the playing area, the attic was the control room, the front bedroom was the business office and the back bedroom was the repair shop and tape storage. So, in terms of privacy, we had the bedroom that we slept in. That was it. There were people there every day. There was literally no privacy."
Albini said he "got a total steal on the building and I borrowed money to do construction. Then I borrowed a bunch more money to finish construction; at which point I sold my house. The deepest hole was very close to a million dollars. It sounds insane, but when you think about it people were spending that kind of money just on a house. Here, I've got this massive building with two studios and a bunch of employees."
Before Electrical Audio, Albini had a studio in the basement of another personal residence. Musician Robbie Fulks recalls the hassle of "running up two flights of stairs all the time from the tracking room" to where Albini was.
Albini does not receive royalties for anything he records or mixes at his own facility, unlike many other engineer/record producers with his experience and prominence. At Electrical Audio in 2004, Albini earned a daily fee of US$350 for engineering work, and drew a salary of US$24,000 a year. Azerrad referred to Albini's rates in 2001 as among the most affordable for a world-class recording studio. Following the completion of the studio's construction, Albini initially charged only for his time, allowing his friends or musicians he respected—who were willing to engineer their own recording sessions and purchase their own magnetic tape—to use his studio free-of-charge.
In a 1991 edition of "Forced Exposure" (#17), in an article called "They Don't Call Him The Martin Hannett Of The '90s For Nothing"—part of the Eyewitness Record Reviews section of the publication—Albini disclosed his approach to fees for the musicians he worked with at the time:
I charge whatever the hell I feel like at the moment, based on the client's ability to pay, how nice the band members are, the size and directly proportional gullibility of the record company, and whether or not they got the rock.
Perspectives.
Music industry.
Albini's opinions on the music industry, as well as on trends in indie music, have received considerable exposure. His earliest writing was for zines such as "Matter" and "Forced Exposure," and he later wrote a significant article on the conduct of major record labels for the art and criticism journal "The Baffler" in 1994. In an April 29, 2014 article for "digitally native news outlet" "Quartz", writer John McDuling referred to the "Baffler" article as a "seminal essay."
In the 1994 article, Albini was severely critical of the manner in which major labels were treating musicians, opening the article with an explanation that he always envisages "a trench, about four feet wide and five feet deep, maybe sixty yards long, filled with runny, decaying shit" when bands told him that they were signing a contract with one of the corporate music companies, while "a faceless industry lackey at the other end" awaits the band with the recording contract and a pen. The "Baffler" piece is divided into three sections—"I. A&R Scouts," "II. What I Hate about Recording" and "III. There’s This Band"—while Albini concludes with a "balance sheet" that provides a financial breakdown of an unnamed band's experience that, according to Albini, "are representative of amounts that appear in record contracts daily."
In the 1994 article, Albini named young A&R scouts that he perceived with disdain at the time, claiming that they each had an "underground rock credibility flag" to wave: Lyle Preslar, former guitarist for Minor Threat; Terry Tolkin, former New York, U.S. independent booking agent and assistant manager at Touch and Go; Al Smith, former soundman at the New York, U.S. CBGB club; and Mike Gitter, former editor of "XXX" fanzine. He further explained that when he hears producers and engineers use "meaningless" word like "Punchy,” “Warm,” “Groove,” “Vibe,” “Feel,” he feels he needs to "throttle somebody." The article's final balance sheet provides the following data that related to a real-life example of a band working with a major label on a single studio album (figures are in US$):
Record company: $710,000 
Producer: $90,000 
Manager: $51,000 
Studio: $52,500 
Previous label: $50,000 
Agent: $7,500 
Lawyer: $12,000
Band member net income each: $4,031.25
Albini's subsequent analysis is scathing:
The band is now 1/4 of the way through its contract, has made the music industry more than 3 million dollars richer, but is in the hole $14,000 on royalties. The band members have each earned about 1/3 as much as they would working at a 7-11, but they got to ride in a tour bus for a month. The next album will be about the same, except that the record company will insist they spend more time and money on it. Since the previous one never “recouped,” the band will have no leverage, and will oblige.
At the 2004 Tennessee, U.S. university presentation, Albini reaffirmed his perspective on major labels, explaining that he was opposed to any form of human exploitation. At that stage in his production/engineering career, Albini stated that he had worked with "six or eight that would fall into the category of major releases by major record labels." Albini said to the MTSU students that on occasions in which has worked with a major label band, "they and I both know that they're not getting a fair shake. And all I can do is have sympathy for them." In response to a student's question, Albini also revealed his experience with financial matters: "Dealing with indie labels is much, much easier than dealing with major labels. Indie labels pay their bills, major labels don't … When you're dealing with major labels, it's vitally important to get the money before you do anything else."
Albini also shared his perspective of the music industry during his 2007 interview:
The big institutional record labels and pretty much the whole infrastructure of the professional mainstream music business is collapsing ... Radio doesn't matter anymore ... The retail sales of physical CDs are declining. Music is proliferating in a million different free exposure markets. It is becoming easier and easier for bands to access those audiences on their own with no administrative interference from anybody.
He elaborated further three years later in a 2010 interview with "GQ" magazine, stating" "This is a terrific time to be in a band ... I know quite a few bands that have been able to establish themselves internationally based on nothing other their web presence. It's Internet an incredible tool." However, during the 2010 interview, Albini also conveys an understanding of the seductive nature of the music industry for young, unknown artists:
If I had been approached by a big record label when I was eighteen years old, after I had just made my first demo ... I have no doubt whatsoever I would have signed the first thing anybody waggled in front of my nose. I can't fault someone who operates out of ignorance and gets involved with a corrupt industry. They literally don't know any better. I can fault the people who put them in that position—agents, lawyers, music business professionals who put him in a position of signing away the next twenty years of his life. But the kid who's in those circumstances, I can't really cast any judgment.
In a 2013 interview with poker magazine "Bluff", Albini encapsulated what is most meaningful for him musically:
The music that matters to me the most is the music that is the most satisfying to the people that made it and most stimulating to the people that bond with them through it. The music that is evidence of a kind of mania, where you can tell people making the music are obsessed with this enterprise ... They do it in a way that is uniquely theirs. I find that as a satisfying way to think of music, not a popularity contest like a beauty pageant — more like how over the long haul a writer’s value will get recognized.
In September 2013, 19 years after his "Baffler" essay, Albini expressed support and considerable praise for independent music label Touch and Go Records in an interview with the "Chicagoist" website, stating:
We’ve just been dealing with Corey and Touch and Go for so long it’s really integral to the way we’ve conceived of the band. Touch and Go started out as a small, entrepreneurial record label and it gradually became a really important fixture in the independent music scene doing manufacturing and production for a lot of other labels ... We’re looking for a record label that doesn’t have 900 employees ... A place where if you want to get a question answered you can call the guy who runs the whole show and he’ll answer it for you. That’s the kind of record label that we’re most comfortable working with anyway. Touch and Go is a fantastic, small record label ...
Albini made no mention of Touch and Go Records' Tolkin, who he criticized in the "Baffler" essay, and conveyed great admiration for the independent record label that he praised for returning to its original ethos.
Albini then conducted an interview with the online "Quartz" publication in April 2014 and said: "The single best thing that has happened in my lifetime in music, after punk rock, is being able to share music, globally for free." In the "Quartz" piece, Albini labeled record labels as "irrelevant" and redefined music as "an environment, or atmospheric element," rather than a commodity, in which "democracy" exists for bands and consumers "only bother with music they like." Albini explained that he is also by the ability of bands to "have a worldwide audience ... with no corporate participation," a situation that he described as "tremendous." In terms of music publishing, Albini described the facet of the industry as a racket and expressed no sympathy for its demise, as it "never operated for the benefit of songwriters." Speaking with "Quartz" writer McDulling, Albini concluded: “On balance, the things that have happened because of the internet have been tremendously good for bands and audiences, but really bad for businesses that are not part of that network, the people who are siphoning money out. I don’t give a fuck about those people.”
Music recording.
Albini is a supporter of analog recording over digital, as can be evidenced by a 1987 quote on the back cover of the CD version of Big Black's "Songs About Fucking:" "The future belongs to the analog loyalists. Fuck digital." A CD issue, consisting of the full-length album "Atomizer" and the EP "Headache", was released under the title "The Rich Man's Eight Track Tape", providing Albini with another outlet for his support of analog. In a September 2013 interview, Albini again reaffirmed his preference for analog over digital, insisting that his choice is not because he is "some kind of a nutball," or because he wants to be "recalcitrant or reactionary." Albini clarified to interviewer Jessica Mlinaric:
I genuinely think that making records on tape is the best long-term solution for creating a survivable master tape, and I have yet to encounter any limitations on the medium that would make me regret making records on tape. So I carry on doing it, I know there aren’t many people that do but those of us that do understand that there are practical and long-term reasons why recording on tape is the best way to make a permanent record for a band.
Albini also spoke about his recording, production and engineering roles with artists in 2007, including a belief that most "decent records are made in, if not complete disregard ... significant disregard, for everybody who isn't in the band ... If they tried to dumb it down for other people it wouldn't be as awesome because it wouldn't be as complete an exposure of their mania." Furthermore, Albini explained a "fundamental distinction" between his approach to record production and the mindset adopted by major label producers, who he labeled the "administrative end of the music business." Albini described delusional characters who are self-professed "geniuses" who think they will "sculpt sensations" out of the "raw material" provided by the bands they work with. Albini subsequently distinguished himself: "Whereas I, as a music fan, and as someone who has been in bands, I think the bands are awesome; and, the music they make: the more genuine it is to the way that their internal logic is—the more awesome it is—the more my relationship with them is complete."
Other activities.
Culinary.
Albini commenced writing a cooking and food blog, titled "Mariobatalivoice: What I made Heather for dinner.", in March 2011. In the "About Me" section on the home page of the blog, Albini explains, "We're not ninjas. Also, some of this food may not turn out that great, so replicating it would be pointless. I have also successfully cooked for our cats." As of May 17, 2014, the last post on the blog is dated December 10, 2013 and is titled, "I Know How Alexander Graham Bell Felt." A May 2011 "Pitchfork" article explained, "If you're looking about anecdotes about recording PJ Harvey's Rid of Me or classic Albini rants against the major label system, you will be disappointed," but the writer, Tom Breihan, described Albini as "a hell of a writer."
Poker.
Albini is an avid poker player and ranked in 12th-place at the 2013 World Series of Poker (WSOP) Seniors Championship. He said he was "taught poker by my great-grandmother when I was 6 or 7 years old, she taught us to play poker using novelty toothpicks that had different colored crinklers at the top.” His love of poker comes from his family: "My family is a card playing family ... The games we played as a family were cribbage, pinochle and poker. My father was a bridge master who played tournament bridge when he was younger. Basically since a teenager, I’ve had a home poker game or private game where I could play for amusement.”
Albini further explained that, while he takes the game seriously, he is "not particularly competitive, and "only play tournaments when I’m out for the WSOP.” Albini expressed an appreciation for the "less macho" attitudes that exist in the game and was opposed to "assholes that try to dominate the table or are King Shit of their local card room. It just galls me and makes me think less of all the people that do it.”
Albini also expressed an enjoyment of poker from an "anthropological" viewpoint that also connected the game to his culinary pursuits: “The poker culture has spread and developed its own poker vernacular, where the Italian style of check-raising is different from the French style of check-raising ... It’s interesting; it’s like seeing differences in regional cuisine, or accents and dialects. I enjoy that as an anthropological experience. It seems like I know more how poker works around the world having the opportunities I’ve had.” According to the August 2013 "Bluff" magazine interview, while Albini is part of a close friendship clique in the poker world, his musical and poker lives progress separately of each other.
Public speaking.
In addition to his appearance at MTSU, Albini regularly engages in public-speaking appointments for the audio industry. John Arnold, the student chair of the Audio Engineering Society (AES), who organized Albini's attendance at MTSU, explained a straightforward process in regard to finalizing the booking: "I cold-called him. I picked up the phone, dialed his number, and he said he'd be into it. Four months later, we picked a date. He was really cool about it, he was excited about coming." In 2004 Albini was always responsible for dealing with bands directly at Electrical Audio and also answered the phone in the studio.
Personal life.
Albini is married to film director Heather Whinna, and they both work and live in Chicago, U.S. Albini is Italian American and part of his family comes from the Piedmont region of Northern Italy.
Albini's right leg is slightly deformed, as he was in a car accident at the age of 18; he explained in 2000, "so my right leg was rebuilt. There's a big piece of steel in there, and my right foot sticks off to the side slightly. Occasionally, when the weather changes, it hurts like old people." In 2010 he revealed that he is not an avid consumer of media and watches a lot of cat video on YouTube, while avoiding films: "I don't really like movies. I don't rate movies as an art form. If somebody asked me to describe our culture, I would fail."
Albini called himself an atheist in a 2011 interview, explaining: "You could say that I’m agnostic, but that’s just a certain kind of atheist ... I can’t say with absolute certainty that there is nothing beyond the material world, but there’s no reason for me to think there is. If I were a gambling man I would put all my money on there not being anything other than this universe."
In late 2013, Albini conveyed his vocational satisfaction, developed over his life thus far: "I don’t really have any super great expectations for anything, but I enjoy my job. I enjoy coming in every day and making records. It’s a really good way to spend my time." He also identified the Stooges album "Fun House" as "a very special record for me."

</doc>
<doc id="2907479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907479" title="HC Pardubice">
HC Pardubice

HC ČSOB Pojišťovna Pardubice is a professional ice hockey club that plays in the Czech Extraliga. Its home venue is ČEZ Arena located in Pardubice. The club previously was named "HC Eaton Pardubice", but since the 2011–12 season the club is named HC ČSOB Pojišťovna Pardubice.
History.
Ice hockey has been played in Pardubice since the beginning of 20th century. Witness of the hockey beginnings in Pardubice was Matiční jezero where so called “Bandy hockey” was played. This style of playing hockey was taken from football – there were 11 players, goals, instead of a puck there was a ball and even the site of the field was exactly like in football. The first match in Canadian style of hockey was played in 1913 on the very same lake. In this match played for Pardubice: Vilém Weiss, Potůček, Reiberg, Přibík, Komeštík and Kubeška.
Organised hockey was founded in Pardubice by Vilém Weiss in 1923 when also hockey club LTC Pardubice was established. Regular competitions started to be played only in season 1930/1931.
After the end of Second World War was in Pardubice installed ice rink and before the Christmas 1947 new winter sports stadium was opened with artificial ice rink. In season 1949/1950 Pardubice won in its division and managed to get to Extra League. New season 1950/1951 entered the team with new name Slavia Pardubice. Since that time the club has never descended from the top hockey competition.
Slavia in the name of the team didn’t stay long. At the end of season 1952/1953 the club changed its name to Dynamo Pardubice. In 50s of 20th century began their careers in Pardubice Bronislav Danda and goalkeeper Vladimír Nadrchal.
The first important success of the club came in 1960. Dynamo Pardubice reached the medals for the first time getting on 3rd place. In this season was also the winter sports stadium finished and provided with a roof.
The following season began the club with a new name again. This time it was Tesla Pardubice. This name stayed without a change for long 31 years until July 1991.
In 1960s the team was with their results somewhere about the middle of the table of results. From Pardubice team got into representation on winter Olympic Games offensive players Jiří Dolana and Stanislav Prýl. In 1965 Zdeněk Špaček became the best scorer in the league with 33 goals. The arrival of the new generation of players was marked by the arrival of junior players, who became champions in 1967. The offensive tri consisting of Bohuslav Šťastný, Jiří Novák and Vladimír Martinec became the stars of Extra League. Wings of this offensive action became on a domestic championship in Prague in 1972 even world champion.
Pardubice team was waiting for its big opportunity until 1973 when they won the basic part and then even play off and so they got the first title in champion league. Vladimír Martinec became the best pass a ball player with 23 assistances and got his first Golden Hockey Stick.
Season 1975/1976 was started by the final duel between Tesla Pardubice and CSKA Moscow. Tesla in match played in Czechoslovakia showed unbelievable performance when they managed to defeat a professional army team with score 3:2. However, the following match played in Moscow was won by CSKA with score 6:1.
After the won champion ship title the team stayed among the top three teams in Extra League for following 3 seasons when they reached silver and bronze medal. Goalkeeper Jiří Crha at that time was playing on the position of the second goalkeeper on several top competitions but didn’t get any gold medals and so he decided to emigrate. After that he became the first Czech player to play in NHL.
In the following years there were couple of successful players rather than the whole team being successful as the whole. The offensive trio Vladimír Martinec, Jiří Novák and Bohuslav Šťastný reached another world championship title. Besides that Vladimír Martinec became the best player of Extra League with 28 assistances in 1976 and from the mid-1970s he won Golden Hockey Stick three times. In 1979 Vladimír Martinec even became the best offensive player in the whole League with 42 goals. However, Tesla as a whole wasn’t that successful as the individual players.
Since 1982 the senior team started to be on the upturn. New team members became goalkeeper Dominik Hašek, defender František Musil, offensive players Otakar Janecký and Jiří Šejba. Musil and Šejba won the world championship in Prague in 1985 but at that season they were playing for the army team Dukla Jihlava. After that František Musil emigrated to NHL and Jiří Šejba returned to Tesla Pardubice to celebrate the title of League Champion in the seasons of 1986/87 and 1988/1989. In both these seasons Dominik Hašek won the Golden Hockey Stick and again won this title in 1990. In season 1988/1989 was the best pass a ball player Otakar Janecký with 41 passes and the acknowledgement for the best coach was given to Valdimír Martinec. Another player Ladislav Lubina was awarded the best offensive player of the League in 1991.
Modern history.
At the beginning of season 1991/1992 the club changed its name to HC Pardubice.
HC Pardubice entered the first Czech competition (1993/1994) as a strong team with both experienced and young players. This was especially true about the goalkeeper Radovan Biegl who became the best goalkeeper in the league and about the offensive player Richard Král who became the best offensive player of the whole competition with 43 goals. With very good performance presented himself 18years old Milan Hejduk who was announced to be the best beginner. The second place for Pardubice helped to win coach Marek Sýkora who was afterwards announced to be the best coach of the season even though he wasn’t local in Pardubice which wasn’t typical at all as till that time all the coaches came from Pardubice.
However, after the second place the team went down to the bottom of the result table and as a result the team had to defend their place in Extra League in 1996. HC Pardubice gradually left Král, Biegl and other players who had to be replaced by juniors. Among the juniors appeared also offensive player Petr Sýkora. Milan Hejduk became the Olympic champion at Nagano in 1998 and after that he left for NHL.
In the following season the team got a new young coach Miloš Říha and Pardubice started to improve their performance. In season 1996/1997 Pardubice reached 4th place. Even though there were no medals the individual players were successful, for example Petr Sýkora became the best offensive player with 26 goals in 2001.
In 2001 there was a significant reconstruction of the winter sports stadium; it also changed its name to Duhová Aréna. In the following two seasons were successful local juniors who managed to get two championship titles. Nevertheless Pardubice A team couldn’t get over the first round of play off.
Pardubice nearly reached the title in season 2003/2004 when after 9 years the team was playing in the final again. In this final Pardubice fought against HC Slavia Praha which eventually won the final and got its first Extra League Title. And so Pardubice had to wait for its 4th championship title until 2005. They won the championship under the leadership of captain Jiří Dopita and after the arrival of Slovakian goalkeeper Ján Lašák. Thanks to the cancelled season in NHL to Pardubice came the offensive tri consisting of Jan Bulis, Michal Mikeska and Milan Hejduk, who were on the top three places in Canadian table of results. The title of the best play off player received Aleš Hemský. In the final Pardubice team was the front- runner and so after 16 years the title returned to Pardubice the city of gingerbread.
During the existence of hockey club there appeared many famous names that are now in the Hall of Fame in Pardubice. The most famous names are: Josef Paleček, Vladimír Martinec, Bohuslav Šťastný, Otakar Janecký, Jiří Šejba, František Musil, Michal Sýkora, Ladislav Lubina, Aleš Hemský, Milan Hejduk and Dominik Hašek.

</doc>
<doc id="2907486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907486" title="Claro Americas">
Claro Americas

Claro Americas is part of América Móvil, a Mexican telecom group serving clients in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico and Uruguay. The company's name means "bright", "clear" or "of course" in Portuguese and Spanish.
Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Headquartered in Córdoba, Argentina, Claro was launched in Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay on March 25, 2008 in a rebranding of CTI Móvil. As of March 31, 2007 the former served more than 12,795 million subscribers on CDMA/1XRTT and GSM/GPRS/EDGE wireless.
CTI Móvil purchased Hutchison Telecommunications Paraguay (which operated as "Port Hable") in July 2005 to begin serving customers in that country. As of 2006, Claro competed with international operators such as Tigo (Millicom), Personal (Telecom Argentina-Telecom Italia) and VOX (formerly KDDI. VOX was acquired in 2011 by the state landline company, COPACO). In these countries, the company used slogans such as ""Es simple. Es Claro."" ("It's simple. It's clear") and ""Claro es Internet móvil de alta velocidad."" ("Claro is high-speed mobile Internet.")
Brazil.
In Brazil, Claro was launched in 2003 with the merger of América Móvil-owned operators ATL (serving the states of Rio de Janeiro and Espírito Santo), BCP (with service in São Paulo metropolitan area, Pernambuco, Alagoas, Ceará, Paraíba, Piauí and Rio Grande do Norte), Americel (operating in Acre, Tocantins, Rondônia, the Brazilian Federal District, Goiás, Mato Grosso, Mato Grosso do Sul), Tess Celular (other areas of São Paulo state) and Claro Digital (serving Rio Grande do Sul).
Claro later expanded its service to the states of Bahia, Sergipe, Santa Catarina, Paraná and Minas Gerais. As of 2012, the provider is available in over 2,000 Brazilian cities.
With competitor Vivo, Claro was one of two operators to introduce the iPhone 3G in Brazil, with TIM participating later. Claro Brazil also runs a pay-TV service, Claro TV. Slogans used by the Brazilian branch include ""Nós escutamos"" ("We listen") and ""Escolha"" ("Choose").
Colombia.
While Claro has developed a large market share in Colombia, data for prepaid customers indicates that Claro has lost market share to competing providers Tigo and Movistar; this may be due to Claro's position as the most-expensive per-minute provider in the country's prepaid market. Tigo and Movistar offer prepaid customers flat-rate per-minute plans for calls placed to all mobile service providers and landlines within Colombia (229 and 199 pesos per minute, respectively). The cheapest per-minute rate for Claro prepaid customers is 249 pesos per minute, a rate valid for only nine "preferred Claro numbers". Per-minute rates increase for calls to Claro numbers not on a customer's "preferred" list and all calls to other cellphone providers or landline numbers.
Costa Rica.
After the opening of telecommunications in Costa Rica when the monopoly of the ICE Group was dissolved, the government opened a tender for telecommunications companies wishing to enter Costa Rica. Superintendencia de Telecomunicaciones (SUTEL) of Costa Rica secured a license, and the company began offering lines on November 5, 2011 to users who had registered on their website or through social networks. Service began on November 11.
Chile.
Claro Chile was originally known as Chilesat PCS, which later renamed to Smartcom PCS. Claro was launched in Chile on August 6, 2006, after its acquisition of Smartcom PCS. Slogans such as ""Yo soy Claro, y me gusta."" ("I am clear, and I like it.") have appeared in advertisements.
In the mobile operator segment, Claro is third in market share behind Movistar and Entel.
Dominican Republic.
Claro was launched in the Dominican Republic on January 31, 2007 after its acquisition of Verizon Dominicana on April 3, 2006. Its Dominican Republic slogans have included ""Claro que tienes más"" ("Of Course you have more") and ""La Red donde todo es posible"" ("The network where everything is possible").
Ecuador.
In Ecuador, America Movil was present with Conecel (commercially known as Porta) until February 2011. The name "Porta" was switched to "Claro" as part of America Movil's business strategy. It is the country's leading operator, with nearly nine million subscribers.
El Salvador, Honduras and Nicaragua.
Claro was introduced in El Salvador, Honduras and Nicaragua in September 2006 as a rebranding of the former PCS Digital, Alo, Personal and Enitel. Slogans such as ""Cubrimos tus Momentos, Cubrimos tus Lugares, Cubrimos tu Nación, Cubrimos tu Diversión, Cubrimos El Salvador. Siempre estás cubierto con Claro."" ("We cover your moments, we cover your places, we cover your nation, we cover your entertainment, we cover El Salvador. You are always covered with Claro.") and ""Hablamos de todo... Hablamos Claro."" ("We talk about everything... We talk 'Clear' ['Claro'].") have been used in El Salvador. In Honduras, ""Hablamos de todo... Hablamos Claro."" ("We talk about everything... We talk 'Clear' ['Claro'].") and ""Claro que tienes más."" ("Of course you have more.") are two slogans that have been used. ""Claro. La vida en tus manos."" ("Of course (claro). Life is in your hands.") and ""Claro que si."" ("Yes, of course") have been used in Nicaragua.
Guatemala.
On November 16, 1996, the Guatemalan Congress passed the "Ley General de Telecomunicaciones"; "The General Telecommunications Law" that stipulated the privatization of Guatel, the former, state-owned, telecommunications company. It was purchased by LUCA S.A. and Ricardo Bueso became Telgua's first President and CEO until 2000. In 2000, it joined America Movil and some time after it renamed the brands ALO and PCS Digital to Claro on Guatemala.
Claro was introduced in Guatemala on September 7, 2006 as a rebranding of Telgua-owned PCS Digital and Alo de PCS. As of March 31, 2007 Claro in Guatemala had more than 5.2 million subscribers, with CDMA/1XRTT, GSM/GPRS/EDGE and UMTS/HSDPA (some cities with HSPA) wireless technology.
Jamaica.
Claro was introduced in Jamaica as a replacement for the MiPhone company. Oceanic Digital Jamaica Limited (ODJ) was a wholly owned subsidiary of América Móvil, providing service under the Claro name. The company built a GSM/UMTS/HSDPA network with the CDMA network, and plans included fixed wireless and broadband service on the CDMA network (competing with Digicel and LIME). The Jamaican company was acquired by Digicel in late 2011, and the network was closed (with permission from the outgoing Jamaica Labour Party government) in March 2012.
Panama.
The Panama government licensed America Móvil to use spectrum in Panama under the Claro name. The government aims to expand competition and mobile access to the Panamanian population.
Peru.
Claro began operation on October 11, 2005 after its acquisition of TIM Peru. The country has more than nine million customers.
Puerto Rico.
Claro was introduced in Puerto Rico on May 18, 2007 as a replacement for Verizon Wireless. It is the wireless arm of Puerto Rico Telephone, which offers landline telephone and data services on the island. One problem with the transition has been the non-portability of Claro Puerto Rico telephones to the United States (to which many Puerto Ricans travel), resulting in a preference for AT&T.
Other activity.
In 2012 Claro Americas was a partner in the (RED) Campaign with Nike, Adidas, American Express and Converse. The campaign's mission is to prevent the transmission of the HIV virus from mother to child by 2015, with a slogan "Fighting For An AIDS Free Generation".

</doc>
<doc id="2907487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907487" title="ClearTalk">
ClearTalk

ClearTalk is a controlled natural language—a kind of a formal language for expressing information that is designed to be both human-readable (being based on English) and easily processed by a computer.
Anyone who can read English can immediately read ClearTalk, and the people who write ClearTalk learn to write it while using it. The ClearTalk system itself does most of the training through use: the restrictions are shown by menus and templates and are enforced by immediate syntactic checks. By consistently using ClearTalk for its output, a system reinforces the acceptable syntactic forms.
It is used by the experimental knowledge management software Ikarus and by a knowledge base management system Fact Guru.

</doc>
<doc id="2907514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907514" title="G. Vernon Bennett">
G. Vernon Bennett

Guy Vernon Bennett (1880–1968), also known as G. Vernon Bennett, was superintendent of schools in Pomona, California; a professor of education at the University of Southern California, and a Los Angeles city councilman from the 10th District from 1935 to 1951. A liberal, he was defeated for reelection after seventeen years in office in the wake of arrest on a morals charge. He was a Democrat.
Biography.
Bennett was born in Waverly, Iowa, on February 17, 1880. He had five siblings, Edward Allen Bennett of Los Angeles, Richard Bennett of Tacoma, Washington, Belle Campbell of Guelph, Ontario, Zellia Campbell of Los Angeles and William M. Bennett. Bennett was married and had at least one son. He was a Kiwanian.
While a city councilman, Bennett, then 65, was "apprehended" in Lincoln Park on October 2, 1950, by two police officers who "took a statement from him at the Highland Park Police Station." A complaint was later issued by the city attorney's office "charging two morals counts." Bennett pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace," and a charge of lewd vagrancy was dismissed "in the interests of justice." He paid a fine of $100.
Bennett, who was then living in Pasadena, died July 31, 1968, at the age of 88.
Educational career.
Bennett was working in Gridley, California, before taking up his position as superintendent of schools in Pomona in July 1914, replacing the retiring schools chief, W.P. Murphy. Near the end of his first school year, he responded to a statement by University of California President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, who had declared vocational training to be "an attempt of aristocracy to keep children of the laborer in the working class so they couldn't better themselves." Bennett said:
That sort of talk is bosh. ... If teaching boys how to do interior decorating, plumbing, lathe work and cabinet-making and teaching girls how to make hats and dresses and custard pies is an aristocratic attempt to tie a millstone around the neck of genius, then let us become more aristocratic. If we can keep the boys and girls off the street and reduce the number of street-corner loafers by teaching some useful trades in our schools I think it is our duty to do so.
Bennett ordained an anti-slang week in April 1915 and ordered that anybody who used slang in Pomona schools be penalized. "I'd like to eliminate such phrases as 'hand somebody a lemon,' 'cut it out,' 'the once-over,' and a lot of similar expressions," he said.
In 1919 he was appointed head of the local office of the Federal Board for Vocational Education,
an agency that retrained returning U.S. servicement. In October 1920, Bennett and Nicholas Ricciardi, director of the vocational office in San Francisco, were attacked by the James B. Gresham Post No. 3, Veterans of Foreign Wars, for, among other things, "repressive measures." A statement charged Bennett with being "out of harmony with every man engaged in Federal board work in this city."
Bennett, who held a doctorate of philosophy, was hired to be an associate professor of education at the University of Southern California, effective with the fall semester, 1926.
Political career.
1934–35<br>
Bennett attempted a run for the State Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1934, but lost. In February 1935, still a college professor and living at 3017-1/2 Hoover, he took out a nomination petition for the City Council seat in the 10th District, campaigning against the incumbent, E. Snapper Ingram. Bennett was supported by the End Poverty in California movement (EPIC) and opposed by the "Los Angeles Times." Other candidates in the 10th District primaries were Lenna G. Walradt, a lecturer; Allan M. Rose, employed by the Civilian Conservation Corps, Karl Euper, "in the insurance and real estate business," and Austin L. Tournoux, "in the publishing business"; he had been a member of the California State Assembly in 1933. Bennett received 5,974 votes to Ingram's 5,810, and they faced each other in the finals. In that race, Bennett won by a vote of 8,794 to 8,064.
1937<br>
In 1937 Bennett ran as an incumbent against George McLain but without the support of EPIC. He won in the primary, 8,065 to 5,306.
1938–39<br>
He lost in another bid for state superintendent of public instruction in 1938. Bennett was known for supporting "liberal" measures in the City Council and had the support of Mayor Fletcher Bowron and activist Clifford Clinton; he was concentrating on issues of slum clearance and supported the thirty dollars every Thursday movement. He was the only council member to vote against an April 1939 resolution urging the Dies Committee on Un-American Activities to investigate Communist influence in Los Angeles "as soon as possible." That month he won in the primary election, 9,526 votes to 2,192 for Willard E. Badham, 1,620 for Solly F. Smith and 804 for Allan M. Rose.
1941<br>
In 1941, Bennett faced S. Frederic Smith (the "Times" choice) and Mary A. Van Dame. Bennett won, 9,287 votes against 3,806 for Smith and 1,071 for Van Dame. By that time, Bennett had joined the "anti-Bowron bloc," and when the City Council was reorganized in July, he was elected president of the council by a vote of 9 to 6, replacing Robert L. Burns. As council president, he became acting mayor when Bowron was out of town.
1942–43<br>
Bennett was elected chairman of the Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee in September 1942, unseating Claude L. Welch.
In late 1941, political reformer Clifford E. Clinton had accused Bennett, with other councilmen, of having misused city automobiles, asking for a grand jury investigation. The issue resurfaced in 1943, an election year, when Council Member Parley P. Christensen accused Bennett of having used a city automobile for an "unauthorized and illegal" trip to Vancouver, British Columbia, in 1937 and on his return, "presenting the city with a bill for gasoline and oil." Bennett denied the charge. In the 1943 election, Bennett was endorsed by the "Times," which said that "Although inclined when first elected toward ultra-liberal views, years of practical experience have tempered Bennett's convictions." Bennett won election in the primary, 5,510 votes to 3,718 for Vernon Kilpatrick and 1,573 for George W. Barnard.
1944–1945<br>
Bennett made news in January 1944 when he urged that a woman be appointed to a vacancy on the Water and Power Commission, though "he had no particular person in mind."
He was re-elected at the primary in April 1945 by 12,207 votes to 2,327 for William L. Biber, a "well-to-do used-car lot owner taking his first fling at politics." Bennett was endorsed by the "Times."
1947–1949<br>
The 1947 election was highlighted by a "Los Angeles Times" attack on Bennett's championing of a police union, but despite that and an accusation that he had appeared "as the supporter of radical movements or legislation." the "Times" endorsed him over his opponents — Bertrand R. Bratton, a certified public accountant, and Charles Downs, a builder who had been a City Council member in 1925 but was removed from office that year upon conviction of receiving a bribe from a developer. Bennett won in the April primary with 12,173 votes to 2,834 for Downs and 1,843 for Bratton (four precincts not reported). Two years later, in 1949, Bennett was reelected without opposition.
1951<br>
In 1951, running in the shadow of a morals charge (above) and deprived of a "Los Angeles Times" endorsement, Bennett was defeated for reelection after seventeen years in office. In the primary he came in third, with 3,835 votes, compared to 5,301 for State Assemblyman Vernon Kilpatrick and 5,077 for musician Charles Navarro. Cafe operator George R. Hubbard had 2,250 votes and Charles Downs, running for the last time for his old seat, 1,423. Bennett sued Navarro on the grounds that the latter "did not give his full name as Charles Navarro Guarino," but the case was dismissed by Superior Judge Joseph W. Vickers. Bennett's last major vote in the council was on June 26, 1951, in favor of federally subsidized housing projects.
Quotations.
"I'd favor using ... the old expressions of the merry knights. Ods bodikins, Ods fish, gadzooks, etc., would seem to me more acceptable than some of the slang we hear, and I don't know but that I had rather hear somebody mention having 'a merrie joust' than to hear some baseball player say that he had been 'beaned' by a 'fade-away.'" (April 1915.)
"I have for a long time failed to see any sense in teaching German here. English is our language, and I think it is nonsensical to spend so much time on something from which we get so little practical good." (December 1917.)
"I. purposefulness of life. The last aim of teaching to be discussed is one that affects deeply the lives of all boys and girls of the adolescent period. ..." (1919.)
Publications.
Books<br>
"Sources: Library of Congress Online Catalog and Amazon.com
Newspaper article
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links requires the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="2907528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907528" title="Scott Kelby">
Scott Kelby

Scott Kelby (born July 7,1960 in Lakeland, Florida) is an American photographer and an author and publisher of periodicals dealing with photography and Adobe Photoshop software, specifically for design professionals, photographers, and artists.
Biography.
Kelby is editor and publisher of the "Photoshop User Magazine", president and co-founder of the National Association of Photoshop Professionals (NAPP) and president of Kelby Media Group, an Oldsmar, Florida-based software training, education, and publishing firm.
Kelby is a photographer, designer, and the award-winning author of more than 50 books, including "The Digital Photography Book" series, "The Photoshop Book for Digital Photographers", "Professional Portrait Retouching Techniques for Photographers", "Light it, Shoot it, Retouch it", "The Lightroom Book for Digital Photographers", and "The iPhone Book".
His books have been translated into dozens of different languages. For the years 2010 through 2012 Scott has been named the #1 top-selling author of books on photography.
He is the training director for the Adobe Photoshop Seminar Tour and conference technical chair for the Photoshop World Conference & Expo. He is featured in a series of online Photoshop training classes and DVDs and has been training Photoshop users since 1993.
In the fall of 2007, he created Kelbytraining.com to bring much of his training material online into one easy-to-find location.
In 2008 he started the "Scott Kelby Worldwide Photowalk". In 2012 this consisted of communal photowalks in 1,300 cities around the world with over 30,000 photographers participating in walks.
Kelby is a Christian, and his most well known non-photography book is "It's a Jesus Thing", a book intended to introduce non-believers to Christianity.
Photoshop User TV.
Since the fall of 2005, Scott Kelby has co-presented the video podcast Photoshop User TV, named after his organization's flagship magazine. The 30-45 minute show, which began life as "Photoshop TV" (and was briefly "NAPP TV"), is available for viewing and download each week at kelbytv.com/photoshopusertv/. During the show, Kelby and his NAPP friends/coworkers talk Adobe Photoshop news and tutorials in a witty, bantering style.
The Grid.
On March 8, 2011 Scott launched a weekly talk-show for photographers called "The Grid" which airs live each Wednesday at 4:00 PM ET with co-host Matt Kloskowski. They discuss current photography topics, they take questions live from the viewing audience, and offer "Blind Photo Critiques" at kelbytv.com/thegrid. 
Bibliography.
Scott Kelby is one of the most prolific authors in the digital imaging industry. Below is a list of books (not exhaustive) he has authored or co-authored. A full and up-to-date listing is available on his web site.:

</doc>
<doc id="2907531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907531" title="Elgin, Quebec">
Elgin, Quebec

Elgin is a rural municipality in Quebec, Canada. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 401. It is located southwest of Huntingdon and bounded by the Trout and Chateauguay rivers and the Québec — US border.
History.
The Municipality of the Township of Elgin was formed in 1855, with the present town hall being built in 1869. Its small fields and many stone houses attest to the first Scottish settlers who began arriving in the early 19th century.
Geography.
The municipality is situated on the border with the United States. 
Communities.
The following locations reside within the municipality's boundaries:
Lakes & Rivers.
The following waterways pass through or are situated within the municipality's boundaries:
Arts and culture.
A rural art and music centre offers a full summer program of professional entertainment and cultural events in a renovated old church, now named Kelso Hall. Run by community volunteers Kim Moss, Nora Quinn and Cathleen Johnston; Kelso Hall has been host to comedian Lorne Elliott, classical string quartets, silent movies with piano accompaniment, slide-music presentations, exhibits of art and more.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2907546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907546" title="Conch (disambiguation)">
Conch (disambiguation)

A conch is a type of gastropod or sea snail, especially of the family Strombidae. It may also refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2907548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907548" title="Wildlife Prairie State Park">
Wildlife Prairie State Park

Wildlife Prairie State Park, officially dedicated as Hazel & Bill Rutherford Wildlife Prairie State Park, is an Illinois state park located in Peoria County, Illinois, in central Illinois, about west of downtown Peoria.
The nature park, mostly consisting of wildlife animals native to Illinois, was first established in the late 1960s, and was first open to the public in the autumn of 1978 under the name Wildlife Prairie Park. It was transferred from private foundation ownership to the Illinois Department of Natural Resources and renamed in autumn of 2001. A motel, restaurant, playground, and other attractions are also located on the grounds. Years before environmental protection was common practice in most places, many of the man-made features of the park were built manually and with recycled materials to minimize the impact to the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="2907550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907550" title="Zeta (magazine)">
Zeta (magazine)

Zeta is a Mexican magazine published every Friday in Tijuana by Choix Editores. "Zeta" is distributed primarily in Baja California, in the cities of Tijuana, Tecate, Rosarito, Ensenada, and Mexicali.
It was founded in 1980 by Jesús Blancornelas, known as "the spiritual godfather of modern Mexican journalism", along with Héctor Félix Miranda and Francisco Ortiz Franco. The magazine regularly runs exposés on corruption in local and federal governments as well as on organized crime and drug trafficking, resulting in numerous threats and attacks against its staff. Félix was murdered in 1988 by bodyguards of politician Jorge Hank Rhon, while Ortiz was assassinated in 2004, apparently for his coverage of the Tijuana Cartel. Blancornelas was also ambushed by gunmen in 1997; though one of his bodyguards was killed, but Blancornelas managed to survive his wounds. Following Blancornelas's death of stomach cancer in 2006, Adela Navarro Bello became "Zeta"'s editor-in-chief. Both Blancornelas and Navarro received numerous international awards for their work with the magazine.
More than half of the journalists working for the "Zeta" report on sport events, entertainment, and art, but the front-page stories on the newspaper are about drug trafficking and political corruption. Since its creation, the newspaper chronicled the rise and workings of the Tijuana Cartel, one of Mexico's oldest drug trafficking organizations.
Early history.
In 1977, Jesús Blancornelas founded the independent newspaper "ABC". The paper employed future "Zeta" co-founder Héctor Félix Miranda, then a columnist who wrote under "Félix el Gato" ("Felix the Cat") to criticize local politicians. These columns eventually angered Baja California's state government and Mexico's former President José López Portillo to the point that the government ordered Blancornelas to fire Miranda and banned its distribution. When Blancornelas refused, a SWAT team was sent to take over the paper's offices on the pretext of settling a labor dispute. Blancornelas escaped to the United States, resettling in San Diego, California.
In 1980, Blancornelas re-surfaced with the weekly publication "Zeta", which he co-founded with Félix. The magazine printed copies in the United States and then smuggled them across the border into Mexico. After some years, they reestablished themselves in Tijuana. Through the magazine, the pair continued their investigation into organized crime and corruption. The magazine ran a cover story in 1985 about local police guarding a marijuana-filled warehouse; the story was the first to report on the future leaders of the Tijuana Cartel, the Arellano Félix brothers. After Blancornelas discovered that plainclothes police officers had bought all 20,000 copies of the issue, "Zeta" republished the issue under the headline "Censored!" In 1987, the "Zeta" magazine lived an attack, when two men in a brown Toyota pick-up truck opened fire at the installations one morning.
In 1994, "Zeta" published an investigation on the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio; despite the conspiracy theories about the case, the magazine concluded that the shooting had been the work of a single troubled individual.
Héctor Félix Miranda murder.
As well as acting as an editor, Héctor Félix Miranda contributed a column titled "A Little of Something", in which he satirized and criticized government officials, particularly those of the long-ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He particularly targeted Jorge Hank Rhon, son of a former Mexico City mayor and the owner of a Tijuana racetrack.
Félix was killed by multiple shotgun blasts in 1988. Two guards from Hank Rhon's Agua Caliente Racetrack were later convicted of the murder. 
For the next eighteen years, Blancornelas left Félix's name on the "Zeta" masthead, marked with a black cross. He also published a full-page ad in every issue under Félix's "byline", asking Hank Rhon why Félix had been murdered.
Blancornelas assassination attempt.
In 1997 in Tijuana, Blancornelas was ambushed and wounded by gunmen of the Tijuana Cartel after he published a photo of the drug lord Ramón Arellano Félix. Blancornelas was nearly killed when the attackers opened fire on his car, wounding him in the abdomen and killing his driver and bodyguard, Luis Valero Elizalde, who died protecting him and managed to kill one of the shooters. Blancornelas suffered complications from the injury for the rest of his life. In the attack, Blancornelas' car was hit more than 180 times, but only four bullets penetrated the journalist's body. Valero, however, was hit 38 times.
The nature of Blancornelas' work forced him to live under a "self-imposed home arrest," only traveling to his workplace and home with multiple Special Forces bodyguards from the Mexican Army, who accompanied him everywhere. While previous attacks on journalists had received little coverage, Blancornelas' assassination attempt made it to the front page of most newspapers in Mexico, and was covered on television and radio. The attempt also fueled international attention, as the "New York Times", "Los Angeles Times", "San Diego Union Tribune", and National Public Radio covered it extensively. Due to the public outcry, the Mexican authorities decided to report the attack to the Office of the General Prosecutor, which had greater resources than the state authorities.
After Blancornelas recovered from his wounds, he returned to publishing for the "Zeta" magazine. The Blancornelas family erected a huge brick wall in their one-story house to increase their security measures; outside the house, a squadron of military men guarded the family, while some others protected the "Zeta" offices. As of 1998, the top editors of the newspaper, along with Blancornelas' three sons, were under guard by the authorities at all times.
Francisco Ortiz Franco murder.
In 2004, Francisco Ortiz Franco—a "Zeta" cofounder and contributing editor who specialized in legal issues—began to write about drug trafficking. At around this time, Blancornelas wanted to remove bylines from "Zeta"'s most dangerous stories, but was persuaded not to by Ortiz, who wished his to continue to run. 
On June 22, 2004, Ortiz was shot three times at the wheel of his car by masked gunmen in a drive-by shooting, in full view of his son and daughter (aged 9 and 11). Federal prosecutors later linked the murder to the Tijuana Cartel of the Arellano Félix family, with Ortiz's coverage of the organization as the probable motive. In April 2011, "Zeta"'s new editor Adela Navarro Bello ran a front-page story stating that the newspaper had learned from cartel enforcer Luis Alberto Salazar Vega that cartel head Javier Arellano Félix had personally ordered the murder after Ortiz had published photographs of the organization's members.
Navarro Bello directorship.
Prior his death from cancer in 2006, Blancornelas, disheartened by the deaths of his co-founders and beginning to doubt "Zeta"'s ability to foster change, considered closing the magazine with his death. Editor Adela Navarro Bello and his son César René Blanco Villalón persuaded him to let the magazine continue, however, and succeeded him as the magazine's co-publishers.
As the magazine's new director, Navarro continued Blancornelas' tradition of high-risk reporting on organized crime, stating that "Every time a journalist self-censors, the whole society loses". She oversaw an investigation of Hank Rhon, whose guards had murdered Félix Miranda, and following Hank's arrest in 2011 on illegal weapons charges, the magazine published the details and serial numbers of the 88 guns found in his home. The issue sold out, and the number of page views caused the magazine's website to crash. Though Hank was released for lack of evidence, Navarro continued to press for his arrest for involvement in the Félix murder. The magazine also began to publish increasing coverage of corruption allegations against the National Action Party as the party continued to gain power. The magazine was also criticized in 2009 and 2010, however, for being too sympathetic to the Mexican Army and failing to cover its alleged human rights abuses; "Zeta" named an army general its "person of the year" in each year. 
In January 2010, US law enforcement notified Navarro of death threats from the Tijuana Cartel, causing the Mexican government to assign her seven soldiers as bodyguards. One month later, ten people were arrested for plotting a grenade attack against "Zeta"'s offices. The "Zeta" offices are located in a residential neighborhood in Tijuana, but all of the printing is done in San Diego to avoid any reprisals from organized crime, with the printed magazines trucked in across the border. It has a printing circulation of 30,000, but waits up to three days to put its drug trafficking reports online to compel readers to buy the print version. In 2012, the "Zeta" is still thriving in Tijuana with its weekly column of "who's who in the underworld of Mexico's Baja California peninsula," and with unique stories of drug traffickers rarely seen any where else in the Mexican media. Most media outlets in Mexico limit their reports to government statements and news conferences, while others cover the drug war aggressively. Few of the national media outlets, however, have the intensity and in-depth coverage of the "Zeta" magazine.
Awards.
Blancornelas won several international awards for his work with "Zeta", including the 1996 International Press Freedom Award of the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists and the 1999 UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize. In 2000 he was named one of the Austria-based International Press Institute's fifty World Press Freedom Heroes of the previous fifty years. Navarro also received the International Press Freedom Award for her work with the magazine in 2007.
"Zeta" and Blancornelas are profiled in the Bernardo Ruiz documentary "Reportero".

</doc>
<doc id="2907551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907551" title="Yr Elen">
Yr Elen

Yr Elen is a mountain in the Carneddau range in Snowdonia, Wales. It is the ninth highest mountain in Snowdonia. The average annual temperature of the peak is around 4 celsius. It lies on a short ridge running WNW off the main north-east to south-west ridge of the Carneddau, just over one kilometre from Carnedd Llewelyn. 
It is usually climbed from the main ridge of the Carneddau, as it is only a short walk from Carnedd Llywelyn. It can also be climbed from Gerlan, near Bethesda, following Afon Llafar then heading up the slopes of Yr Elen, but this involves walking through wet valleys and a number of rivers that are difficult to cross.
The etymology of the name is unclear, with the personal name "Helen" or "Eleanor" being one possibility, perhaps after Eleanor de Montfort (d. 1282), princess of Wales and wife of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd. Another is "the leech" (from soft mutation of Welsh "gelen", leech), perhaps in reference to the way in which Yr Elen appears to be attached to the side of the remaining Carneddau. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907553" title="Agarophyte">
Agarophyte

An agarophyte is a seaweed, typically a red alga, that produces the hydrocolloid agar in its cell walls. This agar can be harvested commercially for use in biological experiments and culturing. In some countries (especially in the developing world), the harvesting of agarophytes, either as natural stocks or a cultivated crop, is of considerable economic importance. Notable genera of commercially exploited agarophytes include "Gracilaria" and "Gelidium".

</doc>
<doc id="2907554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907554" title="Red Rain (song)">
Red Rain (song)

"Red Rain" is the first track on Peter Gabriel's 1986 solo album "So". In the USA, it was the second single from the album and reached #3 on "Billboard" magazine's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the fall of 1986, receiving strong radio airplay and MTV rotation; in the rest of the world it was released until 1987 and received minor airplay and poor sales. Stewart Copeland from The Police played the hi-hat for the rain-like background sound; the rest of the drumming was handled by Jerry Marotta. A live version also charted in the US and the UK in 1994.
The song is a combination of several inspirations. The lyrics directly reference a recurring dream Gabriel was having where he swam in his pool drinking cold red wine. Another version of the dream had bottles falling from a cliff, and the bottles were in the shape of people. When they were smashed on the ground, the people-shaped bottles had red liquid coming out, and then it began to rain the same red liquid.
Earlier in his solo career, Gabriel had an idea for a movie, "Mozo". In it, villagers were punished for their sins with a blood red rain. "Red Rain" was to be the theme song. This idea was eventually scrapped, although there was a mention of "Mozo" in the song "On the Air" in "Peter Gabriel (II)". "Down The Dolce Vita", "Here Comes The Flood", and "Exposure" also reference the Mozo story, as well.
According to the sleeve notes from the remastered version of "So", it is also a reference to acid rain. Based on one interpretation of some of the lyrics it is also thought to refer to nuclear fallout.
Track listing.
"Gaga" is the instrumental track of tune "I Go Swimming" only published on the "Plays Live" record.

</doc>
<doc id="2907555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907555" title="Michael Aston">
Michael Aston

Michael Aston, born September 04, 1964, is the founder and current leader of the U.S. version of Gene Loves Jezebel.
In 1989 he left Gene Loves Jezebel due to his unhappiness with the direction of the band and strained relations with his twin brother, Jay. Moving to California, Michael started The Immigrants which eventually became Edith Grove. Edith Grove released its debut album to rave reviews and Michael eventually decided to tone things down a bit and he wrote and released his first solo album, "Why Me Why This Why Now?". Michael rejoined Gene Loves Jezebel instead of writing and recording a new Edith Grove album; the band's debut album was its only album.
The Gene Loves Jezebel Name.
Between 1993 and 1997 Michael and Jay were working together on various projects and recordings, including an album that would eventually become "VII". Both brothers did a reunion tour from February 1997 to October 1997 as Gene Loves Jezebel, however that ended with the recording and subsequent tour for "VII". Another bitter falling out ensued. According to Michael, he refused to be pushed out of the band after all of the work he had put into the reunion and reformed GLJ with the backing band used on the first '97 Pre-Raphaelite Brothers tour. This caused much confusion amongst the fans as to who had the rights to the band name. Jay sued Michael to stop him from using Gene Loves Jezebel.
Judge O'Brien in LA Superior Court denied twice the injunctions intended to stop Michael from using the Gene Loves Jezebel name. Jay withdrew the case with prejudice meaning that he could never sue Michael again. Jay released "VII" in 1998. Jay erased all of Michael's vocals and credits off the album however, a copy of this album with Michael's vocals was released as "The Doghouse Sessions".
Michael leads the U.S. version of the band while Jay leads the U.K. version. In 2001, Michael filed for the Gene Loves Jezebel trademark which he was granted. In September, 2002, ICANN awarded Michael the www.genelovesjezebel.com domain name.

</doc>
<doc id="2907556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907556" title="Glenn Loury">
Glenn Loury

Glenn Cartman Loury (born September 3, 1948) is an American academic and author. He is the Merton P. Stoltz Professor of the Social Sciences and Professor of Economics at Brown University.
Biography.
Early years.
Loury was born in Chicago, Illinois. In 1972, he received his bachelor's degree in mathematics from Northwestern University. In 1976 he received his Ph.D. in economics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career.
At age 35, he was the first black tenured professor of economics in the history of Harvard University.
In 1984, Loury drew the attention of critics with "A New American Dilemma", published in "The New Republic", where he addressed what he terms "fundamental failures in black society" such as "the lagging academic performance of black students, the disturbingly high rate of black-on-black crime, and the alarming increase in early unwed pregnancies among blacks."
In 1987, Loury's career continued its ascent when he was selected to be the next Undersecretary of Education, a position which would have made him the second-highest-ranking black person in the Reagan administration. However, Loury withdrew from consideration on June 1, three days before being charged with assault after a "lover's quarrel" with a 23-year-old woman.
Loury was later arrested for possession of cocaine.
After a subsequent period of seclusion and self-reflection, Loury reemerged as a born-again Christian and described himself as a "black progressive".
Loury left Harvard in 1991 to go to Boston University, where he headed the Institute on Race and Social Division. In 2005, Loury left Boston University for Brown University, where he was named a professor in the Economics Department, and a research associate of the Population Studies and Training Center.
Loury's areas of study include applied microeconomic theory: welfare economics, game theory, industrial organization, natural resource economics, and the economics of income distribution.
Personal life.
Loury and his late wife, Tufts economist Linda Datcher Loury, have two sons, Glenn II and Nehemiah.

</doc>
<doc id="2907567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907567" title="Wai, Maharashtra">
Wai, Maharashtra

Wai () is a town in Sātārā District in Mahārāshtra, India.
Wai has the epithetic name "Dakshin Kashi". In old times, it was known as Virat Nagari. Wai is known in Maharashtra for its ghats on the banks of the Krishna River and its temples, including especially the "Dholya Ganapati" temple on the "Ganapati Ghat".
Actual Wai, where you see the krishna river ghats is built by Sh. Raste. Raste was Peshwa's uncle. Wai is also known for Vishkosha founded by Tarkatirtha Laxaman shastri joshi. 
Wai is also famous for film shootings (Hindi, Marathi, Bhojpuri, Tamil etc.). Films like Gangajal, Omkara, Dabbang, Swadesh, Ishqiya, Singham, Deool, Bol Bachchan, Zila Ghaziabad, Gulaab Gang, Chennai Express and many others.
Geography.
Wai is located at , approximately 35 km north of the city of satara (Devanagari: satara). It has an average elevation of 718 metres (2355 feet). It is surrounded by the mountainous region of the Sahyādris; ("Dhom Dam" has been constructed in the vicinity of Wai). The boundaries of the taluka (sub-district) called Wai are as follows- to the east of Wai are the talukas of Khandala and Koregaon, to the west lies the taluke of Mahabaleshwar, the northern border abuts the Pune district and the north-west border is shared with the district of Raigad. South of Wai are the taluka of Jawali Taluka and Satara. The headquarters of the taluke of Wai is the city by the same name, populated by about 25,000 people. Wai is 35 km. from Satara, 95 km. from Pune, 250 km. from Mumbai. Wai is situated on the Mahad-Pandharpur State Highway. Wai is a major city on the way to the hill stations like Mahabaleshwar and Panchgani.great location
Demography.
According to 2001 census in India, Wai then had a population of 31,090. Males constituted 51% of the population, and females, 49%. Literacy in Wai was 77%, (which is higher than the national average of 59.5%), male and female literacy being 81% and 73%, respectively. As of 2001, 11% of the population was under 6 years of age.
Culture.
In this small city people of various religions are staying together. 
Pradnya Path Shala (Devanagari: प्राज्ञ पाठशाला) and the Marāthi encyclopedia, Vishwakosh (Devanagari: विश्वकोश), the two well-known institutions in Maharashtra are based in Wai. Organisations include Prateek theater.
An 105 years old Govardhan Sanstha (GoshalaA) celebrates Shri Krishna Janma Ashtami (Gokul Ashtami)
There are 7 ghats on the bank of river Krishna: Gangapuri, Madhi Aali, Ganpati Aali, Dharmapuri, Brahmanshahi, Ramdoh Aali and Bhimkund Aali.
"Krishnabai Utsav" is the main festival in Wai. When Afzal Khan set out from Wai to kill Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, one Shendye Shāstri from Wai had prayed to the Krishna river for chattrapati Shivaji Maharaj's victory.and the tradition of celebrating the festival of river began. Krishnabai festival is celebrated on each ghat for 4 to 8 days. The same festival is also celebrated in the nearby town of Karad.
Wai has been a film-shooting location. Films like 22 June 1897, "Omkara", "Mrutyudand", "Swades", "Gangājal, "Dabangg" and "Gulaab Gang" are shot in Wai and the nearby villages. like Dhom, Bavdhan, Chikhli, Menvali, Bhuinj, Pachwad & the surroundings of Dhom, Balakwadi, Jambhali & Nagewadi dams. The annual fairs, Yatras /Jatras are started with the Yatra of Mahalaxmi of Bhuinj, Jamb, Kikli & Belmachi on Dassraa. There are famous Yatras in the Wai taluka that is Mandhardevi, Bagad of Bavdhan, Kavathe & Kalambhe .
The west Wai taluka is surrounded by the Water of Dhom & Balakwadi dams, so the villages of this area are very small because this villages are transferred to another places due to the building of Dams. Dhom, Tasgaon, Aasgaon, Wyahli, Dhawli, Dahyat, Jor, Golewadi, Golegaon, Ulumb are the major villages which are transferred due flooding from the dam.
Nearly 16 km from Wai there is village called Borgoan, in middle of Dhom dam and Balkawdi dam. Four water falls is the uniqueness that makes this place gorgeous. There people drink natural water that come from falls by 12 months. There is early festival (Jatra) for two days, people come from all over Maharashtra to celebrate these tow days.
New English School Boagoan is the famous school in the west region of Wai located in same village called Borgoan. Film done by Sujay Dahake on based on novel that written by Milind Bokil "Shala"http://www.shalacinema.com/ the shooting has been done in this school.
Temples.
Due to the large number of temples and its architecture, Wai is also called as 'a town of temples'and also known as 'DAKSHIN KAASHI'. Temples built in the "Hemādpanti" style of architecture, including the following three, are located in and around Wai. Use of huge stone slabs is the major characteristic of Hemādpanti architecture.
There are four temples Chakreshwar, Chimneshwar, Kaunteshwar/Harihareshwar and Kaleshwar near Brahmanshahi ghat. At Govardhan Sanstha there is Krishna Mandir. Near Brhmanshahi there are Vitthal and Ganpati temples. Ramdoh ghat has Rameshwar temple, Ramkund and Chilavali Devi temple. On Gangapuri ghat there is Lord Shiva, Dwarka, Bahiroba, Dattatray Temple. On Ganpati Aali that there is Ganpati temple and Kashi Vishveshvar temple. In Dharma Puri there are Lord Vishnu temple and Mahalaxmi temple. Rokdoba temple (maruti) is built by Ramdas Swami. Dholya Ganpati temple is one of the prime temples in Maharashtra. The idol of Lord Ganesh is extremely big and is situated on the beautiful ghats of river Krishna.
there is hanuman mandir situated near mahaganpati ghat.vhyahali village also famous in wai.
Education.
Besides Pradnya Path Shala, Wai has the following institutes:
A training center for weaving silk garments run by the state government is located between Wai and Pānchgani.
1)Joy children's academy wai
Tourist spots.
Website of kikali village - http://www.kikali.in
Hospitals

</doc>
<doc id="2907581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907581" title="Australian Kriol language">
Australian Kriol language

Kriol is an Australian creole language that developed from a pidgin used initially in the region of Sydney and Newcastle in New South Wales in the early days of White colonisation, and that then moved west and north with White and Black stockmen. The pidgin died out in most parts of the country, except in the Northern Territory, where the contact between European settlers, Chinese and other Asians and the indigenous people in the northern regions of Australia has maintained a vibrant use of the language. It is spoken by about 30,000 people. Despite the language's similarities to English in vocabulary, it has a distinct syntactic structure and grammar, and is, therefore, a language in its own right.
History.
European settlement in the Northern Territory was attempted over a period of about forty years. Settlement finally succeeded in 1870, and an influx of both English and Chinese speakers followed. In order to communicate between these two groups and the local Aboriginal people, pidgins developed throughout the territory based on Port Jackson Pidgin English. By 1900, Northern Territory Pidgin English (NTPE) was widespread and well understood.
NTPE creolised first in the Roper River Mission (Ngukurr), where cattle stations were established and a township developed.
During this period, the relations between the native and European peoples were strained. Aboriginal people fiercely defended their lands. However, the control of lands was eventually seized by the settlers when a cattle company acquired much of the area. The settlers became more determined to take full control of the land from the native people, and carried out a campaign to do so.
The resettlements and land seizures nearly annihilated the indigenous population, and also provided one major factor in the development of the creole: drastic social change accompanied by severe communication difficulties.
The second requirement for the development of the creole was a new community, which came about when Anglican missionaries set up a refuge in the Roper River region in 1908. This brought together around 200 people from 8 different aboriginal ethnic groups, who spoke different native languages. Although the adults were multilingual, due to frequent meetings and ceremonies, the children had yet to acquire their native language skills, so they used the only common language they had: the NTPE. In their lifetime, these children were almost totally responsible for developing the pidgin into a full language.
Although the relations between the missionaries and Aboriginal people were friendly, the missions were not responsible for the development of Kriol. In fact, they tried to introduce Standard English as the official language for the mission, and although the Aboriginal children used this language in class, and with the missionaries, Kriol flourished.
Kriol was not recognised as a language until the 1970s, as it was regarded as a dialect of English rather than a language in its own right.
Varieties.
Kriol is very widely spoken in the Katherine area, but there are minor differences between the varieties of Kriol spoken in particular areas, and certain speakers of Kriol prefer to refer to their language by their unique name. However, linguistically the varieties are quite similar. Debate is ongoing about whether the varieties should be named differently, to highlight their different social significance, or whether they should all be lumped into one big category of Kriol. The differences are not actually that large: Mari Rhydwen compares the distinction to the distinction between American and British English.
Roper River (Ngukurr) Kriol is also spoken in Barunga, and in the Daly River area they speak a variety that is mutually intelligible, but Daly River speakers do not consider themselves to be Kriol speakers. There is the question of whether the varieties should be understood as different forms of Kriol to strengthen the identities of the respective regions; or whether they all should be seen as Kriol, and potentially have a better chance of funding for bilingual education programs.
Ngukurr Kriol example text can be found here:
http://ewh.ieee.org/r10/nsw/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=32&Itemid=59
Kriol Bible translation.
On 5 May 2007, the first complete edition of the Bible in the Kriol language was launched at Katherine in the Northern Territory. Translation took over 29 years, and was undertaken by a team of native Kriol speakers led by Rev. Canon Gumbuli Wurrumara and specialists from the Society for Australian Indigenous Languages. The Kriol Bible is the first complete edition of the Bible in any indigenous Australian language. The publication was a joint venture of The Bible Society, Lutheran Bible Translators, The Church Missionary Society, the Anglican church, Wycliffe Bible Translators and the Australian Society of Indigenous Languages. The following is Genesis 1:1,2 from this Bible, "Orait, longtaim wen God bin stat meigimbat ebrijing, nomo enijing bin jidan. Imbin jis eniwei, nomo garram enijing. Oni strongbala woda bin goran goran ebriwei, en imbin brabli dakbala, en det spirit blanga God bin mubabat ontop langa det woda."
Dialects.
Dialects of the Kriol includes Roper River Kriol (Roper River Pidgin), Bamyili Creole, Barkly Kriol, Fitzroy Valley Kriol, and Daly River Kriol.
Current issues.
A problem facing many communities in Northern Australia is that creole-speaking children are treated as though they speak English, but speak it badly; so they do not receive education in English as a second language. On the other hand, because they are not regarded as having a native mother tongue, they are denied access to education in their traditional language.
The only official bilingual language program in Kriol is at Barunga, which was established during the Whitlam government, and has successfully included Kriol as both a medium and object of study. Funding is scarce for any further development of programs. Although Kriol is widely spoken, its literal translation is minimal, with the exception of the Bible. This means that literacy rates of Kriol are quite low. Apart from practical implications of this, especially if English literacy is also low (i.e., written communication, education opportunities), it means that traditional stories are either not recorded in written form, or the Ngukurr people must rely on texts from Barunga, which may lessen the identity distinction between the two groups. However, Aboriginal cultures are not traditionally rooted in written records, so the lack of written versions of texts may be a function of the oral nature of Aboriginal storytelling.

</doc>
<doc id="2907609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907609" title="Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua">
Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua

The Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua (, English: "Valencian Academy of the Language"), also known by the acronym AVL, is an institution created on September 16, 1998 by the Valencian Parliament, which belongs to the set of official institutions that compose the Generalitat Valenciana, according to the Act of Autonomy of the Valencian Community.
Its primary function is to determine and set the official standards for the Valencian language as used in the Valencian Community (known in other territories as Catalan), and foster its use. According to its foundational law, the AVL linguistic regulations for Valencian must follow current Valencian genuine linguistic reality, respect Valencian lexicographic and literary tradition and start from the consolidated regulations based upon the Normes de Castelló, a set of orthographic rules for Valencian signed in 1932. 
The headquarters of the Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua are in Valencia city.

</doc>
<doc id="2907611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907611" title="Stagehand">
Stagehand

A stagehand is a person who works backstage or behind the scenes in theatres, film, television, or location performance. Their work include setting up the scenery, lights, sound, props, rigging, and special effects for a production.
General.
Stagehands are usually skilled in multiple disciplines, including rigging, carpentry, stage electrics, stage lighting, audio/projection, and props. Stagehands are often responsible for operating the systems during shows or taping and also for the repair and maintenance of the equipment. Most stagehands have a general knowledge of all the phases of a production, but tend to develop specialties and focus on specific areas. 
Riggers are in charge of the things that hang. This may include building structures that are tens of stories high. They use safety gear similar to that used for mountain climbing. 
Carpenters construct and set up scenery. They also move scenery on stage during a show.
Electricians or more commonly found, "Lighting technician" set up all the lights, program the light design in the lighting console and run the follow spot (what lay people often call a spot light).
Stagehands are generally employed on a show-by-show basis, although most major theaters and studios maintain staff heads of departments and assistants. Often, they are union members, typically I.A.T.S.E. in North America.
Challenges.
Stagehands may work in many different venues, including traditional theatrical spaces large and small, convention centers, outdoor venues, concert arenas, film sets, television studios and others. Skilled stagehands know how to work in a wide range of theaters and other venues to support successful shows.
Different disciplines experience different risks. The most serious injury risk for riggers is falling. The primary risks for carpenters are things falling on them or being injured by power tools. Electrocution is the most serious risk for the particular stagehand working with lighting and show power.
When a show travels or "goes on tour" some stagehands travel with the show ("the road crew") and others work to support the shows at each new venue ("the local crew"). Usually everything the show needs is transported from venue to venue in trucks. Local stagehands "load in" a tour under the direction of the road crew, also known as "roadies." This can involve moving tens of thousands of tons worth of equipment from the trucks to the local venue. 
After the show, which can be one day or as long as a month, they take it all apart and load back onto the fleet of trucks to haul it to the next city. 
When a show is produced locally, stagehands build and set up the scenery, hang all the lights, and set up sound systems. Stagehands work closely with the directors, lighting designers, set designers, costume designer, and sound designers to ensure their visions are realized.
Some stagehands work conventional hours but more often they work nights and weekends. Employment can be intermittent due largely to the seasonal nature of theatrical production work.
Many production companies and venues have union contracts. Stagehands are represented by the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees. In some smaller productions, stagehands are not all paid, many are volunteers, theatre students or unpaid interns.

</doc>
<doc id="2907618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907618" title="Figueroa Street Tunnels">
Figueroa Street Tunnels

The Figueroa Street Tunnels are a set of four four-lane tunnels that carry northbound traffic on State Route 110 (the Arroyo Seco Parkway) through Elysian Park in Los Angeles, California, United States. From south to north, the four tunnels measure 755, 461, 130, and 405 feet (230, 141, 40, and 123 m) in length, 46.5 feet (14 m) in width, and 28.3 ft (8.6 m) in height. The north three tunnels opened in 1931 as a bypass to a section of North Broadway; the southernmost (and longest) opened in 1935, connecting to Figueroa Street downtown. Connections were added in 1937 to the Figueroa Street Viaduct, 1940 to the Arroyo Seco Parkway (known until 2010 as the Pasadena Freeway), and 1953 to the Four Level Interchange. A new alignment for southbound traffic, passing through a cut to the west of the tunnels, opened in 1943.
Traffic through the tunnels is heavy at almost all times of day. At the north end of the tunnels is an interchange with Interstate 5 (Golden State Freeway), in which the leftmost lane makes a hard left turn onto the offramp. There are also sharp exit and entrance ramps on the right side at Solano Avenue after the first tunnel.
Since the tunnels' incorporation into Arroyo Seco Parkway (now SR 110), Figueroa Street has been discontinuous. It merges into SR 110 at Alpine Street in Chinatown, south of the tunnels, and splits in Highland Park, north of the Figueroa Street Viaduct over the Los Angeles River.
History.
Prior to the construction of the tunnels, traffic between Los Angeles and Pasadena crossed the Los Angeles River on the congested 1911 North Broadway Bridge. The Dayton Avenue Bridge provided another crossing to the north, but the hills of Elysian Park prevented it from being connected to downtown. The north three of the four tunnels opened by November 1, 1931, connecting to North Broadway on the south via Solano Avenue and Riverside Drive on the north. Riverside Drive was an earlier high-speed road along the Los Angeles River to Burbank, and also intersected the Dayton Avenue Bridge, which led to Dayton Avenue (now part of Figueroa Street) towards Pasadena. From opening, the tunnels carried two lanes in each direction, with a 5-foot (1.5 m) sidewalk on the side.
The fourth tunnel opened in 1935, continuing the route south and southwest to Figueroa Street at Alpine Street. (Bridges over Figueroa Street on Temple Street and First Street were built in 1940, further improving that entrance to downtown.) The Figueroa Street Viaduct opened in 1937, providing a wider and direct Los Angeles River crossing than the Dayton Avenue Bridge. After passing over the river and San Fernando Road, it tied into Dayton Avenue (Figueroa Street) south of Avenue 26. The Arroyo Seco Parkway opened in late 1940 as a freeway from the Viaduct to Pasadena. However, the six-lane parkway narrowed to four lanes at the viaduct and through the tunnels, and had a number of at-grade intersections on its way downtown.
The Southerly Extension of the Arroyo Seco Parkway supplemented the Figueroa Street Viaduct and Tunnels with a new southbound roadway to the west, and converted Figueroa Street to freeway standards south to Adobe Street. The new Los Angeles River Bridge left the existing road north of the original viaduct terminus at Figueroa Street, and crossed over the ramp to Figueroa Street, the Los Angeles River, and the northbound exit to Riverside Drive (now a ramp to Interstate 5 north, although Riverside Drive is still accessible from this ramp). Through Elysian Park, it was built higher than the tunnels, with open-cuts through the ridges through which the older tunnels were built, and viaducts over the valleys between the ridges. South of the southernmost tunnel, the older road was widened and upgraded to freeway standards south to Adobe Street. This new road opened December 30, 1943. A further extension was completed on September 22, 1953 to the Four Level Interchange with U.S. Route 101 (Santa Ana Freeway and Hollywood Freeway).
The tunnels (and Figueroa Street north of them) were part of pre-1964 Legislative Route 165, defined in 1933. By 1942, U.S. Route 6, U.S. Route 66, U.S. Route 99 and State Route 11 were signed through them. US 66 continued along the Arroyo Seco Parkway, while US 6 and US 99 turned northwest on San Fernando Road via Figueroa Street and Avenue 26, and SR 11 exited at Figueroa Street to run to Pasadena with U.S. Route 66 Alternate. US 99 moved to the new Golden State Freeway, bypassing the tunnels with Interstate 5, when it opened in 1962. US 6 and US 66 were removed from the Los Angeles area in the 1964 renumbering, leaving only SR 11 through the tunnels (and on the Parkway after 1964). SR 11 became State Route 110 in 1981, when the Harbor Freeway section of it became Interstate 110.
In April, 2008, retrofitting of the tunnel lighting was completed, replacing the tandem fluorescent lighting arrangement in place since 1964, with a more efficient lighting array.
In popular culture.
Featured in the 1971 film, "Duel" in the opening credit sequence.
In the movie "Rumor Has It…", three of the characters hold their breath while driving through the tunnels.

</doc>
<doc id="2907623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907623" title="Gracilaria">
Gracilaria

Gracilaria is a genus of red algae (Rhodophyta) notable for its economic importance as an agarophyte, as well as its use as a food for humans and various species of shellfish. Various species within the genus are cultivated among Asia, South America, Africa and Oceania.
Distribution.
"Gracilaria bursa-pastoris" (S.G.Gremlin) Silva and "Gracilaria multipartita" (Clemente) Harvey have long been established in southern England and northwestern France, but confusion between "Gracilaria gracilis" (Stackhouse) Steentoft, L.Irvine & Farnham and "Gracilariopsis longissima" (S.G.Gmelin) Steentoft, L. Irvine & Farnham, (as "Gracilaria verrucosa" (Hudson) Papenfuss or "Gracilaria confervoides" (L.) Greville) (Steentoft et al. 1995), has prevented recognition of the northern boundaries.
Use.
"Gracilaria" is used as a food in Japanese, Hawaiian, and Filipino cuisine. In Japanese cuisine, it is called "ogonori" or "ogo". In the Philippines, it is called "gulaman" and used to make gelatin, also called "gulaman". In Jamaica, it is known as "Irish moss". "Gracilaria" oligosaccharides with degree of polymerization 6 prepared by agarase digestion from agar-bearing "Gracilaria" sp. polysaccharides have been shown to be an effective prophylactic agent during "in vitro" and "in vivo" experiments against Japanese encephalitis viral infection. The sulfated oligosaccharides from "Gracilaria" sp. seem to be promising candidates for further development as antiviral agents.
Aquarium Trade.
"Gracilaria" commonly appears as a macroalgae for sale in the aquarium trade. Its nutrient uptake ability makes it a suitable choice for a refugium, and it is a highly palatable algae to many herbivorous fish, such as tangs. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907627" title="Chattanoogie Shoe Shine Boy">
Chattanoogie Shoe Shine Boy

"Chattanoogie Shoe Shine Boy" (also known as "Chattanooga Shoe Shine Boy") is a popular song written by Harry Stone and Jack Stapp and published in 1950. It is the signature song of Red Foley who recorded it in 1950. The song has been covered by many artists including Bing Crosby and Louis Armstrong, Frank Sinatra, and Faron Young who scored a hit with the song in 1959.
Many versions of the song charted in 1950, but the biggest was by Red Foley. His recording, produced by Owen Bradley, was released by Decca Records as catalog number 46205. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on January 13, 1950, and lasted 15 weeks on the chart, peaking at No. 1. Foley's recording also went to No. 1 on the country chart and stayed at the top spot for three months. It featured guitarist Grady Martin.
Other charting versions were recorded by Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra, Phil Harris, and Bill Darnel. The Crosby recording was released by Decca Records as catalog number 24863. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on January 27, 1950, and lasted 11 weeks on the chart, peaking at No. 9.
The Sinatra recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 38708. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on March 10, 1950, and lasted one week on the chart, at No. 24.
The Harris recording was released by RCA Victor Records as a 78rpm single (catalog number 20-3692) and a 45rpm single (catalog number 47-3216). The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on March 17, 1950, and lasted two weeks on the chart, peaking at No. 26.
The Darnel recording was released by Coral Records as catalog number 60147. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on March 3, 1950, and lasted one week on the chart, at No. 26.

</doc>
<doc id="2907629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907629" title="Josh Gibson Field">
Josh Gibson Field

Josh Gibson Field is a baseball venue located in the Hill District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Until 2008, the field was known as Ammon Field, which served as the home of the Pittsburgh Keystones of the Negro National League in 1922, their only season in the NNL. It is now named after Baseball Hall of Fame player Josh Gibson.
Gibson began his career at Ammon Field in 1929 while playing with the Pittsburgh Crawfords, who were visiting the Keystones, and continued playing there, as the Crawfords and Homestead Grays regularly played at Ammon. Known as the "black Babe Ruth," Gibson was a leading home run hitter until his death from a stroke in 1947 at age 35. In 1972, he became the second Negro Leagues player inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Originally a youth semi-pro team, the Crawfords eventually played at Ammon Field, earned a strong reputation and attracted games with many white teams. W.O.W., the defending champions of the white Greater Pittsburgh Semipro Tournament, played the Crawfords at Ammon on June 15, 1930. Although usually covering on the fully professional Homestead Grays, the "Pittsburgh Courier" reported the 9–8 Crawfords victory.
Grays owner and manager Cum Posey recognized the Crawfords competition with his own team and sought to undermine their appeal. 
In 1929, he persuaded Crawfords manager Hooks Tinker to take on his older brother Seward "See" Posey as a part-time assistant and booker. While admission to the Crawfords amateur games were free by law, at one tournament in 1930, See Posey closed all but one gate to the park and required fans to make contribution, with two police officers stationed at the gate. After the game, he brought Tinker a burlap bag with $2000 in small bills. The Posey brothers were also able to lure Gibson to play with the Grays.
Probably Ammon Field was split into two smaller fields in the 1940s, when youth leagues began playing at the location. In 1996, a historical marker commemorating Josh Gibson's career was erected at the site, 2217 Bedford Avenue. It reads: "Hailed as Negro Leagues' greatest slugger, he hit some 800 home runs in a baseball career that began here at Ammon Field in 1929. Played for Homestead Grays and Pittsburgh Crawfords, 1930-46. Elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame, '72."
Josh Gibson Foundation.
The Josh Gibson Foundation is a non-profit organization based in Pittsburgh aimed at preserving the history of the Negro Leagues. The Foundation's president is Gibson's grandson Sean. The Foundation runs a little league associated with PONY Baseball that has over 300 inner-city players, which has used the field since 1999.
In 2008, the Foundation began a $292,000 renovation ($ today) of the field. The project consisted of resurfacing the grass fields, renovating the four dugouts and bleachers, and constructing scoreboards, sprinklers, and a concession stand. The project received funding of $78,000 from Pittsburgh Pirates Charities, $64,000 from the Baseball Tomorrow Fund, $20,000 from Del Monte Foods and $15,000 from The Grable Foundation. The City of Pittsburgh contributed the additional $95,000 required. The Pittsburgh-based Massaro Corporation served as the contractor for construction work, and Sports Turf Specialties, Inc performed the field work. Both companies offered significant discounts on the work. A groundbreaking ceremony took place on May 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2907635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907635" title="Multi-party period of the Republic of Turkey">
Multi-party period of the Republic of Turkey

The multi-party period of the Republic of Turkey started with the establishment of the opposition Liberal Republican Party ("Serbest Cumhuriyet Fırkası") by Ali Fethi Okyar in 1930 after President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk asked Okyar to establish the party in order to switch to multi-party democracy in Turkey. It was soon closed by the Republican People's Party government, however, when Atatürk found the party to be too influenced by Islamist-oriented reactionary elements.
In 1945, the National Development Party ("Milli Kalkınma Partisi") was founded by Nuri Demirağ. The next year, the Democratic Party was established, and was elected in 1950. Very popular at first, the government, led by Prime Minister Adnan Menderes, relaxed the restrictions on Islam and presided over a booming economy. In the later half of the decade, however, the government introduced censorship laws limiting dissent, while it became plagued by high inflation and a massive debt. The government also attempted to use the army to suppress its political rivals.
1960 coup.
However, the army balked at the government's instrumentalization of it, and on May 27, 1960, General Cemal Gürsel led a military "coup d'état" removing President Celal Bayar and Prime Minister Menderes. Menderes was executed with 2 ministers. In October 1961, the military junta returned the power to civilians. The political system that emerged in the wake of the 1960 coup was a fractured one, producing a series of unstable government coalitions in parliament. In 1965, however, the Justice Party of Süleyman Demirel won an absolute majority, which it increased in 1969. But there was increasing polarization between the Justice Party on the right and the Republican People's Party of İsmet İnönü and Bülent Ecevit on the left. In 1969, the right-wing Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) was founded by Alparslan Türkeş, a member of the Counter-Guerrilla, the Turkish branch of NATO's stay-behind army. MHP's youth organizations became known as the Grey Wolves.
1971 coup.
A memorandum from the military on March 12, 1971 threatened intervention, forcing the Demirel government to resign. After a period of interim government, Bülent Ecevit became Prime Minister and governed in a coalition with the religious National Salvation Party.
The fractured political scene and poor economy led to mounting violence between ultranationalists and communists in the streets of Turkey's cities. The NATO stay-behind army Counter-Guerrilla, related to the National Intelligence Organization (, MIT) engaged itself in domestic terror and killed hundreds. As in Italy, it engaged itself in a strategy of tension The overall death-toll of the terror of the 1970s in estimated at 5,000, with right-wing and terrorism responsible for the most part. According to statistics published by the British "Searchlight magazine", in 1978 there were 3,319 fascist attacks, in which 831 were killed and 3,121 wounded.
Invasion of Cyprus.
In 1974, the Greek military junta supported a coup in Cyprus led by extremist Greek Cypriots who were hostile to President of Cyprus, Archbishop Makarios, for his communist leanings. Prime Minister Bülent Ecevit invaded Cyprus on July 20, 1974 to counter the potential Greek coup.
1980 coup.
Out of the rubble of the previous political system came a single-party governance under Turgut Özal's Motherland Party (ANAP), which combined a globally oriented economic program with conservative social values. Under Özal, the economy boomed, converting towns like Gaziantep from small provincial capitals into mid-sized economic boomtowns.
Upon the retirement of President Kenan Evren, the leader of the 1980 coup, Özal was elected President, leaving parliament in the hands of Yıldırım Akbulut, and, in 1991, Mesut Yılmaz. Yılmaz redoubled Turkey's economic profile and renewed its orientation toward Europe. However, political instability followed, as the host of politicians banned from politics during the 1980 coup reentered politics, fracturing the vote, and the Motherland Party became increasingly corrupt. Özal died of a heart attack in 1993, and Süleyman Demirel was elected president.
1995 elections.
The 1995 elections brought a short-lived coalition between Yılmaz's Motherland Party and the True Path Party, now with Tansu Çiller at the helm. Çiller then turned to the Welfare Party (RP), headed by Necmettin Erbakan, the former leader of the National Salvation Party, allowing Erbakan to enter the Prime Ministry. In 1997, the military, citing his government's support for religious policies deemed dangerous to Turkey's secular nature, sent a memorandum to Erbakan requesting that he resign, which he did. Shortly thereafter, the RP was banned and reborn as the Virtue Party (FP). A new government was formed by ANAP and Ecevit's Democratic Left Party (DSP) supported from the outside by the center-left Republican People's Party (CHP), led by Deniz Baykal. Under this government, Abdullah Öcalan, the leader of the Kurdish separatist organisation Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), was captured in 1999 in Kenya. Imprisoned in the prison-island of İmralı in the Marmara Sea, Öcalan was tried for treason and sentenced to death, but he has since sent the case to the European Court of Human Rights.
1999 elections.
The DSP won big in the 1999 elections on the strength of the Öcalan abduction. Second place went, surprisingly, to the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP). These two parties, alongside Yılmaz's ANAP formed a government. The popular perception was that it would fail; these were, after all, the inheritors of the two groups that were fighting so violently in the streets during the 1970s. However, the government was somewhat effective, if not harmonious, bringing about much-needed economic reform, instituting human rights legislation, and bringing Turkey ever closer to the European Union (EU).
Erdoğan government.
2002 elections.
A series of economic shocks led to new elections in 2002, bringing into power the religiously conservative Justice and Development Party (AK Party) of former mayor of Istanbul, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The Erdoğan government started negotiations with the EU on October 3, 2005.
2007 elections.
AK Party again won the 2007 elections, which followed the controversial August 2007 presidential election, during which AK Party member Abdullah Gül was elected President at the third round. Recent developments in Iraq (explained under positions on terrorism and security), secular and religious concerns, the intervention of the military in political issues, relations with the EU, the United States, and the Muslim world were the main issues. The outcome of this election, which brought the Turkish and Kurdish ethnic/nationalist parties (MHP and DTP) into the parliament, will affect Turkey's bid for European Union membership, as Turkish perceptions of the current process (or lack thereof) affected the results and will continue to affect policy making in coming years.
Ergenekon.
Alleged members of a clandestine group called Ergenekon were detained in 2008 as part of a long and complex trial. Members are accused of terrorism and plotting to overthrow the civilian government.
"Sledgehammer" plot.
On 22 February 2010 more than 40 officers arrested and then were formally charged with attempting to overthrow the government with respect to so-called "Sledgehammer" plot. They include four admirals, a general and two colonels, some of them retired, including former commanders of the Turkish navy and air force (three days later, the former commanders of the navy and air force were released).

</doc>
<doc id="2907642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907642" title="Heartless Bastards">
Heartless Bastards

Heartless Bastards is an American garage rock band formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2003. They are often compared to fellow Ohioans The Black Keys. On November 17, 2011, the band announced they had signed with Brooklyn based Partisan Records to release their fourth album "Arrow" on Valentine's Day 2012 (February 14).
History.
Heartless Bastards originally formed as a four piece band with members Erika Wennerstrom on vocals, piano and guitar, Dave Colvin on drums, Adam McAllister on bass and Michael Weinel on lead guitar. They played their first live show at The Comet, a bar in the Cincinnati community of Northside, in August 2003. After parting ways with Colvin, McAllister and Weinel, Wennerstrom reformed the group as a three piece with Kevin Vaughn on drums and Mike Lamping on bass. The band was signed to Fat Possum Records in 2004 after Patrick Carney from The Black Keys passed along a demo he received from Erika. The 5-song demo was recorded in December 2002 at Ultrasuede Studios by Shannon McGee and featured Colvin on drums, along with contributions from Reuben Glaser on lead guitar and Jesse Ebaugh on bass.
Rolling Stone reviewed their debut album "Stairs and Elevators" and said, "the Heartless Bastards are a small-town band who are ready to show the big city no mercy". The Village Voice wrote: "deadeye accurate in pitch and message... what we've got is a hard, gnarled voice singing simple-seeming melodies that feel archetypal rather than ordinary, which is no easier to explain than it is to do". Stylus gave the group high praise, stating, "(Erika Wennerstrom) and her two band mates have created an album with more rocking songs and fat hooks than most bands can dream of. It’s not just that they rock, it’s that you believe what you hear, that they love the sound they make, that Wennerstrom lays her soul bare in her lyrics without sounding like Sarah McLachlan, that the women of rock who labored to make it OK for a girl to dream of playing guitar deserve far better than Avril Lavigne or Kelly Osbourne as their descendants."
The second full-length album from the band, "All This Time", was released on August 8, 2006. The band road tested many of the tracks on the record prior to releasing it and received rave reviews from audiences. The album relies less on guitar riffs and belted vocals and more on musicianship, without leaving behind the group's unique sound. On the modern rock station WOXY, the band was ranked No. 12 on the 97 Best of 2005, putting the band among the likes of Spoon and ahead of blues rockers The White Stripes.
According to Wennerstrom, the name of the band comes from a question on a Mega Touch trivia quiz game at a bar. A question asked the name of Tom Petty's backing band, and one of the options was "Tom Petty and the Heartless Bastards." She thought it was funny, and used it when she later formed a band.
In August 2008, a new line-up for the band was announced. Erika Wennerstrom remains the only constant member, rejoined by bassist Jesse Ebaugh and original Heartless Bastards drummer Dave Colvin.
Their third album "The Mountain" was released February 3, 2009 on Fat Possum Records and was produced by Spoon producer Mike McCarthy. For this album the band broadened their sound to include elements of country music, employing violin, banjo, mandolin and steel guitar.
The Heartless Bastards performed a taping for the PBS series "Austin City Limits" on June 3, 2009 as part of the show's 35th anniversary season. In October and November 2009 the Heartless Bastards opened for Wolfmother, during the band's American tour.
New album and current line-up.
On December 15, 2011, Heartless Bastards announced on Twitter that the preorder for "Arrow" was launched, and that fans could get a limited edition lithograph by preordering. The band's fourth full-length album "Arrow" was produced by Spoon drummer Jim Eno at his Public Hi-Fi Home studio in Austin, Texas. Released on February 14, 2012, it features the current line-up of Erika Wennerstrom (vocals/guitar), Jesse Ebaugh (bass), Dave Colvin (drums), and Mark Nathan (guitar). It's the band's debut release for Brooklyn-based indie label Partisan Records.
In "Billboard"'s November 17, 2011, album announcement, Wennerstrom explained "I feel like this is the strongest record I've ever done. I feel like playing with these guys, us all being so connected, really helped make it so fully realized. I'm really, really happy with it."
On December 1, 2011, the first single from "Arrow" called "Parted Ways" was released exclusively on RollingStone.com and to the band's fans. The band is currently touring the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2907648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907648" title="Single-party period of the Republic of Turkey">
Single-party period of the Republic of Turkey

The single-party period of the Republic of Turkey began with the formal establishment of the country in 1923. The Republican People's Party (CHP) was the only party between 1923 and 1945, when the National Development Party was established. After winning the first multiparty elections in 1946 by a landslide, the Republican People's Party lost the majority to the Democratic Party in the 1950 elections. During the single-party period, President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk repeatedly requested that opposition parties be established against the Republican People's Party in order to transition into multi-party democracy; in 1930, the Liberal Republican Party established but dissolved by its founder. Earlier, the Progressive Republican Party had also been established between 1924 by Kazım Karabekir, but was banned after its members' involvement in the 1925 Sheikh Said rebellion. Despite Atatürk's efforts in establishing a self-propagating multi-party system during his presidency, this was only established after his death in 1938.
1925–1938: Presidency of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk.
With the establishment of the Republic of Turkey, efforts to modernize the country began. The institutions and constitutions of Western states such as France, Sweden, Italy, and Switzerland were analyzed and adapted according to the needs and characteristics of the Turkish nation. Highlighting the public's lack of knowledge regarding the intentions of President Mustafa Kemal (later Atatürk), the public cheered: "We are returning to the days of the first caliphs". In order to establish his reforms, Mustafa Kemal placed Fevzi Çakmak, Kazım Özalp and İsmet İnönü in important political positions. Mustafa Kemal capitalized on his reputation as an efficient military leader and spent the following years, up until his death in 1938, instituting wide-ranging and progressive political, economic, and social reforms. In doing so, he transformed Turkish society from perceiving itself as Muslim subjects of a vast Empire into citizens of a modern, democratic, and secular nation-state.
After the foundation of the Liberal Republican Party by Ali Fethi Okyar, religious groups joined the liberals and consequently, widespread bloody disorders took place, especially in the eastern territories. The Liberal Republican Party was dissolved on 17 November 1930 and no further attempt at a multiparty democracy was made until 1945.
Opposition, 1924–1927.
In 1924, while the "Issue of Mosul" was on the table, Sheikh Said began to organize the Sheikh Said Rebellion. Sheikh Said was a wealthy Kurdish hereditary chieftain (Tribal chief) of a local Naqshbandi order. Piran emphasized the issue of religion; he not only opposed the abolition of the Caliphate, but also the adoption of civil codes based on Western models, the closure of religious orders, the ban on polygamy, and the new obligatory civil marriage. Piran stirred up his followers against the policies of the government, which he considered to be against Islam. In an effort to restore Islamic law, Piran's forces moved through the countryside, seized government offices and marched on the important cities of Elazığ and Diyarbakır. Members of the government saw the Sheikh Said Rebellion as an attempt at a counter-revolution. They urged immediate military action to prevent its spread. The "Law for the Maintenance of Public Order" was passed to deal with the rebellion on 4 March 1925. It gave the government exceptional powers and included the authority to shut down subversive groups (The law was eventually repealed on 4 March 1929).
There were also parliamentarians in the GNA who were not happy with these changes. There were so many members who were denounced as opposition sympathizers at a private meeting of the Republican People's Party (CHP) that Mustafa Kemal expressed his fear of being among the minority in his own party. He decided not to purge this group. After a censure motion gave the chance to have a breakaway group, Kazım Karabekir, along with his friends, established such a group on 17 October 1924. The censure became a confidence vote at the CHP for Mustafa Kemal. On 8 November the motion was rejected by 148 votes to 18, and 41 votes were absent. CHP held all but one seat in the parliament. After the majority of the CHP chose him Mustafa Kemal said, "the Turkish nation is firmly determined to advance fearlessly on the path of the republic, civilization and progress".
On 17 November 1924, the breakaway group officially established the Progressive Republican Party (PRP) with 29 deputies and the first multi-party system began. The PRP's economic program suggested liberalism, in contrast to the state socialism of CHP, and its social program was based on conservatism in contrast to the modernism of CHP. Leaders of the party strongly supported the Kemalist revolution in principle, but had different opinions on the cultural revolution and the principle of secularism. The RPR was not against Mustafa Kemal's main positions as declared in its program. The program supported the main mechanisms for establishing secularism in the country and the civic law, or as stated, "the needs of the age" (article 3) and the uniform system of education (article 49). These principles were set by the leaders at the onset. The only legal opposition became a home for all kinds of differing views.
During 1926, a plot to assassinate Mustafa Kemal was uncovered in İzmir. It originated with a former deputy who had opposed the abolition of the Caliphate and had a personal grudge. The trail turned from an inquiry of the planners of this attempt to an investigation carried out ostensibly to uncover subversive activities and actually used to undermine those with differing views regarding Kemal's cultural revolution. The sweeping investigation brought before the tribunal a large number of political opponents, including Karabekir, the leader of PRP. A number of surviving leaders of the Committee of Union and Progress, who were at best second-rank in the Turkish movement, including Cavid, Ahmed Şükrü, and Ismail Canbulat were found guilty of treason and hanged. During these investigations there was a link that was uncovered among the members of the PRP to the Sheikh Said Rebellion. The PRP was dissolved following the outcomes of the trial. The pattern of organized opposition, however, was broken. This action was the only broad political purge during Atatürk's presidency. Mustafa Kemal's saying, "My mortal body will turn into dust, but the Republic of Turkey will last forever," was regarded as a will after the assassination attempt.
Reforms.
The country saw a steady process of secular Westernization which included the unification of education; the discontinuation of religious and other titles; the closure of Islamic courts and the replacement of Islamic canon law with a secular civil code modeled after Switzerland's and a penal code modeled after the Italian Penal Code; recognition of the equality between the sexes and the granting of full political rights to women on 5 December 1934; the language reform initiated by the newly founded Turkish Language Association; replacement of the Ottoman Turkish alphabet with the new Turkish alphabet derived from the Latin alphabet; the dress law (the wearing of a fez was outlawed); the law on family names; and many other reforms.
1927 Census.
The first census of the republic was on 1927. The census gathered data about literacy, economic and social values.
Opposition, 1930–1931.
On August 11, 1930, Mustafa Kemal decided to try a multiparty movement once again and asked Ali Fethi Okyar to establish a new party. He insisted on the protection of secular reforms. The brand-new Liberal Republican Party succeeded all around the country. Without the establishment of a real political spectrum, once again, the party became the center to opposition of Atatürk's reforms, particularly in regard to the role of religion in public life.
On December 23, 1930, a chain of violent incidents occurred, starting with the rebellion of Islamic fundamentalists in Menemen, a small town in the Aegean region. This so-called Menemen Incident was considered a serious threat against secular reforms.
In November 1930, Ali Fethi Okyar dissolved his own party after seeing the rising fundamentalist threat. Mustafa Kemal never succeeded in establishing a long lasting multi-party parliamentary system during his presidency. A more lasting multi-party period of the Republic of Turkey began in 1945. In 1950, the Republican People's Party released the majority position to the Democratic Party after losing the 1950 elections. There are arguments that Kemal did not promote direct democracy by dominating the country with his single party rule. The reason behind the failed experiments with pluralism during this period was that not all groups in the country had agreed to a minimal consensus regarding shared values (mainly secularism) and shared rules for conflict resolution. In response to such criticisms, Mustafa Kemal's biographer Andrew Mango said: "between the two wars, democracy could not be sustained in many relatively richer and better-educated societies. Atatürk's enlightened authoritarianism left a reasonable space for free private lives. More could not have been expected in his lifetime." Even though, at times, he did not appear to be a democrat in his actions, he always supported the idea of eventually building a civil society; a system of totality of voluntary civic and social organizations and institutions that form the basis of a functioning society as opposed to the force-backed structures of the state. In one of his many speeches about the importance of democracy, Mustafa Kemal said in the year 1933: 
Kurdish rebellions.
There were several Kurdish rebellions in the 1920s and 1930s: Koçkiri Rebellion, Sheikh Said Rebellion, Dersim Rebellion, Ararat rebellion. They all were suppressed by the Turkish Army. In particular, due to Dersim Rebellion in 1937–38 thousands of Alevi Kurds were killed by the Turkish Army and thousands more were taken into exile, depopulating the province. A key component of the Turkification process was the policy of massive population resettlement, a result of the 1934 Law on Resettlement, a policy targeting the region of Dersim as one of its first test cases with disastrous consequences for the local population.
Massacres.
The Zilan Massacre refers to the massacre of thousands of Kurdish residents in the Zilan Valley of Turkey by 12/13 July 1930, during the Ararat rebellion, in which 800–1500 armed men participated.
The Zilan Massacre took place in the Zilan or Zeylan valley (Kurdish: "Geliyê Zîlan", Turkish: "Zilan Deresi", "Zeylân Deresi)" located to the north of the town of Erciş in Van Province. The massacre took place in July 1930, before the Third Ararat Operation (Turkish: "Üçüncü Ağrı Harekâtı", September 7–14, 1930), which was a military operation of the Turkish IX Corps under the command of Ferik (Lieutenant General) Salih (Omurtak) against Mount Ararat. The number of people killed in the massacre varies according to different sources. According to the daily newspaper "Cumhuriyet" (July 16, 1930), about 15,000 people died. The account of Hesen Hîşyar Serdî (1907 – September 14, 1985), a writer and participant in the Ararat rebellion, states that 47,000 villagers from 18 villages of Ademan, Sipkan, Zilan and Hesenan tribes were killed. Armenian researcher Garo Sasuni states that 5,000 women, children and the elderly were massacred. Finally, according to "Berliner Tageblatt", the Turks in the area of Zilan destroyed 220 villages and massacred 4,500 women and the elderly.
The Dersim Massacre took place in 1937 and 1938 in Dersim, now called Tunceli Province, in Turkey. It was the outcome of a Turkish military campaign against the Dersim Rebellion by local ethnic minority groups against Turkey's Resettlement Law of 1934. Thousands of Alevi Kurds and Zazas died and many others were internally displaced due to the conflict.
Foreign policies.
Atatürk's foreign policy was aligned with his motto, "peace at home and peace in the world." a perception of peace linked to his project of civilization and modernization.
Turkey was admitted to the League of Nations in July 1932.
1938–1950: İnönü (National Chief).
Atatürk's successor after his death on November 10, 1938, was Ismet Inönü. During the Inönü presidency two forces struggled for dominance. One group wanted to increase the control over state functions, while the other group wanted to debate domestic and foreign affairs. Inönü's main legacy was the method he left to Turkey to balance these forces.
Inönü did not have much opportunity to balance these forces, as World War II was about to break out. Inönü sided with the group seeking more control over state functions. His move was opposed by a large group of politicians, journalists, landowners and elites.
Inönü's policies did not follow the course of complete suppression of expression or fully representative democracy: he personally forced the system into multi-party politics. The politics of Anatolia did not yield to personal politics because of the geopolitical position.
Politics before World War II.
In 1938 the Turkish military went into the Syrian Sanjak of Alexandretta and expelled most of its Arab and Armenian inhabitants. Before this, Alawi Arabs and Armenians were the majority of Alexandrettas population. The allocation of seats in the provincial assembly was based on the 1938 census held by the French authorities under international supervision: out of 40 seats, 22 were given to the Turks, nine for Alawi Arabs, five for Armenians, two for Sunni Arabs, and two for Christian Arabs. The assembly was appointed in the summer of 1938 and the French-Turkish treaty settling the status of the Sanjak was signed on July 4, 1938. On September 2, 1938, the assembly proclaimed the Sanjak of Alexandretta as the Republic of Hatay, taking as an excuse that rioting had broken out between Turks and Arabs. The Republic lasted for one year under joint French and Turkish military supervision. The name "Hatay" itself was proposed by Atatürk and the government was under Turkish control. The president Tayfur Sökmen was a member of Turkish parliament elected in 1935 (representing Antakya (Greek: Αντιόχεια) and the prime minister Dr. Abdurrahman Melek, was also elected to the Turkish parliament (representing Gaziantep) in 1939 while still holding the prime-ministerial post. In 1939, following a popular referendum, the Republic of Hatay became a Turkish province. For the referendum, Turkey had crossed tens of thousands of Turks into Alexandretta to vote. This referendum has been labeled both "phoney" and "rigged", and that it was a way for the French to let Turks take over the area, hoping that they would turn on Hitler.
Politics of World War II.
In World War II, Turkey decided to have active neutrality policy throughout the war but were considered "wobblies" by the Allies, since under the Ottoman Empire, there had been a history of conflict with Russia. Turkey via its diplomacy and thanks to the prevailing nationalism, thus remained safe for the majority of the war. On 23 February 1945, when the defeat of Nazi Germany seemed inevitable, the Turkish Republic declared war on Germany and Japan, thereby qualifying for membership to the United Nations. No Turkish troops took part in battle.

</doc>
<doc id="2907650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907650" title="Laurent Colot">
Laurent Colot

Laurent Colot (1520–1590) was a French physician.
Colot specialized in the treatment of kidney stones, using secret techniques he inherited from his father Germain. Laurent was named lithotomist of the Hôtel-Dieu in Paris and, in 1556, was named Operator of Stones for Henri II, although Ambroise Paré was the king's general surgeon.
Colot was the first of several generations of Paris lithotomists.

</doc>
<doc id="2907660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907660" title="Ludovisi Ares">
Ludovisi Ares

The Ludovisi Ares is an Antonine Roman marble sculpture of Mars, a fine 2nd-century copy of a late 4th-century BCE Greek original, associated with Scopas or Lysippus: thus the Roman god of war receives his Greek name, Ares.
Ares/Mars is portrayed as young and beardless and seated on a trophy of arms, while an Eros plays about his feet, drawing attention to the fact that the god of war, in a moment of repose, is presented as a love object. The 18th-century connoisseur Johann Joachim Winckelmann, a man with a practiced eye for male beauty, found the Ludovisi Ares the most beautiful Mars that had been preserved from Antiquity, when he wrote the catalogue of the Ludovisi collection. 
Rediscovered in 1622, the sculpture was apparently originally part of the temple of Mars (founded in 132 BCE in the southern part of the Campus Martius), of which few traces remain, for it was recovered near the site of the church of San Salvatore in Campo. Pietro Santi Bartoli recorded in his notes that it had been found near the Palazzo Santa Croce in Rione Campitelli during the digging of a drain. (Haskell and Penny 1981:260) The sculpture found its way into the collection formed by Cardinal Ludovico Ludovisi (1595–1632) the nephew of Pope Gregory XV at the splendid villa and gardens he built near Porta Pinciana, on the site where Julius Caesar and his heir, Octavian (Caesar Augustus), had had their villa. The sculpture was lightly restored by the young Bernini, who refinished its surfaces and discreetly provided a right foot; he was probably largely responsible for the cupid, which Haskell and Penny note was omitted from G.F. Susini's bronze replica and from the prints of the sculpture in Maffei's anthology. 
The sculpture was a sensational find. A small-scale bronze replica of it was executed by G.F. Susini, heir and assistant to his more famous uncle Antonio Susini, when he visited Rome in the 1630s and copied several marbles from Ludovisi's collection; a bronze of the Ludovisi Ares is in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford. Later, the Ludovisi Ares was one of the featured antiquities to be seen on the "grand tour". For example, the portrait of English tourist John Talbot (later first Earl Talbot) poses him casually in its virtual presence, as a display of his cultural familiarity with great works of art. Less expensive representations could be found: Giambattista Piranesi's son Francesco made an engraving of it at the Villa Ludovisi in 1783 Casts of the Ludovisi Ares found their way into early museum collections, such as the Copenhagen Glyptotek [http://homepage.mac.com/cparada/GML/000Free/000Ares/source/8.html and were influential to several generations of Neoclassical and academic students.
In 1901, the eventual heir, prince Boncampagni-Ludovisi, brought the Ludovisi antiquities to auction. The Italian state purchased 96 of the objects, and the rest have been dispersed among the museums of Europe and the US. The Ares is conserved in the section of the National Museum of the Terme that is housed in Palazzo Altemps, Rome.
A depiction of the statue is used as an emblem for the Greek athletic club Aris Thessaloniki.

</doc>
<doc id="2907663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907663" title="Omaha Knights">
Omaha Knights

The Omaha Knights were a minor league professional ice hockey team from 1959 to 1975, based in Omaha, Nebraska at the Ak-Sar-Ben Arena. The Knights were founded in 1959 as members of the International Hockey League. The Knights switched to the Central Professional Hockey League in 1963 (renamed the Central Hockey League in 1968). 
Ken Wilson was the general manager from 1960–1963. Goaltender, Glenn Ramsay, won the James Norris Memorial Trophy for the least goals against during the 1961–1962 and the 1962–1963 regular seasons. The Rookie of the Year Trophy was awarded to Knights' player John Gravel in 1963. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907667" title="John L. Heilbron">
John L. Heilbron

John Lewis Heilbron (born 17 March 1934), is an American historian of science best known for his work in the history of physics and the history of astronomy. He is Professor of History and Vice-Chancellor Emeritus (Vice-Chancellor 1990-1994) at the University of California, Berkeley, senior research fellow at Worcester College, Oxford, and visiting professor at Yale University and the California Institute of Technology. He edited the academic journal "Historical Studies in the Physical and Biological Sciences" for twenty-five years.
Heilbron attended Lowell High School in San Francisco, California, and was a member of the Lowell Forensic Society. He received his A.B. (1955) and M.A. (1958) degrees in physics and his Ph.D. (1964) in history from the University of California, Berkeley. He was Thomas Kuhn's graduate student in the 1960s when Kuhn was writing "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions."
Heilbron is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="2907679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907679" title="Development Alternatives Incorporated">
Development Alternatives Incorporated

DAI or Development Alternatives Inc. is a private development company based in Washington, D.C.
In 2010, it received $382,491,550.13 of contract funding by USAID to deliver development services.
DAI operates offices in Central and North America, Europe, Sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. It has worked in 160 developing and transition countries in the areas of water and natural resources management, energy and climate change, governance and public sector management, private sector development and financial services, economics and trade, agriculture and agribusiness, crisis mitigation and stability operations, and HIV/AIDS and avian influenza control.
History.
DAI was founded in 1970 by Charles Franklin Sweet, Donald R. Mickelwait, and John M. Buck, who met at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. Prior to enrolling in the M.P.A program at Harvard in 1969, Sweet had spent five years working in Vietnam for both International Voluntary Services and the United States Department of State. 
DAI's early work mostly consisted of analytical studies for government clients. In 1973, DAI won a contract to conduct a comparative study of 36 USAID projects in Latin America and Africa. Two years later, the company's study, Strategies for Small Farmer Development, established the concept of a "process approach" that enabled the pursuit of development objectives while allowing enough leeway to adapt to evolving conditions on the ground. The study consolidated DAI's reputation in the development community and led to further business.
In 1980 DAI opened its first regional office—in Jakarta, Indonesia. In 1985, Jim Boomgard, current CEO, then a Ph.D. agricultural economist, played a key role in developing an approach to small business promotion in developing countries. He managed a multicountry study on the emerging field of microenterprise development, which led to DAI winning a major new worldwide contract: Growth and Equity through Micro-enterprise Investments and Institutions (GEMINI).
At the start of the 1990s, DAI moved its headquarters from Washington, D.C. to Bethesda, Maryland. In 1995, DAI invested in London, U.K.-based Graham Bannock & Partners Ltd., which as the now wholly owned DAI Europe would go on to give DAI a presence as an implementing partner for the U.K. Department for International Development, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and other European clients. In South Africa, DAI established Ebony Development Alternatives in 1994 as a joint venture with Ebony Financial Services, the first black accounting firm in South Africa. This company was renamed Ebony Consulting International and subsequently ECI"Africa".
Following the terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington, D.C. on September 11, 2001, the United States invaded Afghanistan and DAI was chosen to lead a variety of development projects in the midst of the counterinsurgency. A Philadelphia Inquirer journalist who visited one of DAI's projects in 2010 described it as a "model of success". After the United States invaded Iraq in 2003, DAI won a project to help provide effective governance in the country. Other projects in Iraq covering agriculture and the restoration of the Iraqi Marshlands were to follow. For his work on the later project, DAI's Peter Reiss was awarded the Lourdes Arizpe award by the American Anthropological Association. The company established DAI Palestine in 2004. 
Following the Asian tsunami in December of that year DAI was recognized for its efforts in both Indonesia and Sri Lanka by then USAID Administrator Andrew Natsios in testimony before Congress: “In this environment, the international relief community, including USAID, the U.S. military, and other U.S. Government agencies, displayed remarkable ingenuity. Despite the great size and complexity of the response, flexibility became the rule of the day. A good example of this is the partnership between USAID and two of its partners, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) and Development Alternatives (DAI). Prior to the earthquake, humanitarian organizations were not permitted into Aceh province without express permission by the Government of Indonesia. Despite this restriction, IOM and DAI had managed to retain a strong relationship with provincial officials through a network of local staff in every district. In the immediate aftermath of the disaster, USAID and other donors capitalized on these relationships by providing relief funding to IOM and DAI to immediately move relief commodities into Aceh from Medan on 80 trucks contracted by USAID/Indonesia.” 
In 2005 the employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) became the sole owner of the company. The ESOP, a retirement plan in which all corporate employees are automatically enrolled, now represents hundreds of employees, none of whom owns more than 3 percent of the company. In 2006, DAI was named Government Contractor of the year in an annual award sponsored by Washington Technology magazine, the Professional Service Council, and GovCon. 
At the start of 2009, Boomgard succeeded Tony Barclay as DAI's new CEO and the company, launched new offices in Amman, Mexico City, and Islamabad. The next year, Julian Lob-Levyt—formerly CEO of the GAVI Alliance—joined the firm to lead its international operations from the London office, DAI was named the #1 company in the state of Maryland, and the company celebrated its 40th birthday with a series of community events at its locations around the world, publishing a history of the company to mark the occasion. In his foreword to the book, Jim Boomgard looked ahead to the next chapter in DAI's history: "The next 10 years will determine whether we can make an American success story into a global success story. Over the next 10 years, we’ll execute a new strategy designed to bring our strengths, our experience, and our commitment to a changing and in many ways expanding landscape of international development—a landscape that will see more development driven from the ground up, more decision making in countries that have traditionally been the recipients of donor assistance, and a more diverse and influential array of local actors in the development arena."
In 2011, DAI was named a Devex Top 40 Development Innovator, one of only 10 consulting firms so honored globally. The award was based on a poll of 100,000 Devex members, who comprise the world’s largest network of international development professionals.
Clients.
Clients of DAI include development agencies, international lending institutions, private corporations and philanthropies, and governments. Among them: United States Agency for International Development, European Commission, U.K. Department for International Development, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, United States Department of Defense, United States Department of State, Millennium Challenge Corporation, Australian Agency for International Development (AusAid), World Bank, International Finance Corporation, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, World Food Programme, Asian Development Bank, and various private companies and national governments.
Incidents.
On 26 September 2010, Linda Norgrove and three Afghan colleagues were kidnapped in the Chawkay (aka Tsawkay, Sawkay) district of eastern Kunar Province. Ambushed by members of the Taliban on the main highway from Jalalabad to Asadabad, Norgrove and others were eventually taken into the Dewegal Valley within the Chowkai District by their captors. Eventually, a rescue attempt was carried out by Navy SEALs, from the Naval Special Warfare Development Group (also known as Navy SEAL Team 6), a unit used for high-risk counter-terrorist operations. Norgorve was wounded in the action, received emergency medical treatment and was evacuated by helicopter, but died from her injuries.
In December 2009, Alan Phillip Gross was detained by Cuban authorities after attempting to distribute satellite communications equipment. He was principal of a small business called JBDC, working as a subcontractor on a USAID project. The Supreme Court of Cuba sentenced Gross to 15 years of imprisonment despite diplomatic pressure from high level American officials.
Criticism.
Eva Golinger, a Venezuelan-American attorney and editor of the Correo del Orinoco, a web- and print-based newspaper which is financed by the Venezuelan government, claims that the DAI is a Central Intelligence Agency front organisation for their covert actions. According to the Center for Media and Democracy's SourceWatch, former CIA officer Philip Agee has also suggested involvement by Development Alternatives Inc. in aiding opposition to President Hugo Chávez in Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="2907682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907682" title="Private sector development">
Private sector development

Private Sector Development (PSD) is a strategy for promoting economic growth and reducing poverty in developing countries by building private enterprises, membership organizations to represent them, and competitive markets that are stronger and more inclusive.
Introduction.
Supporters argue that PSD is an important part of poverty reduction. Whether as workers, subsistence farmers or entrepreneurs, most poor people already participate in markets. Strengthening these markets in ways that secure higher incomes for the poor is therefore seen by PSD advocates as a fair and efficient way to fight poverty. Earning a decent income in the private sector, it is argued, is also more dignifying than relying on hand-outs. 
As with all development interventions, PSD programmes are under pressure to measure and report their achievements, monitoring and evaluating their work in ways that are both credible and cost-effective. One source of further information about methodologies for measuring the results of PSD, including the approaches currently used by different donors, is the Donor Committee for Enterprise Development.
An April 2013 EPS PEAKS paper found a strong and well-established case for donors to intervene in private markets to deliver subsidies for development purposes. The researcher found that the theoretical reasons for intervention were well established by the economics literature, but that the practical approaches and frameworks for delivering subsidies to private sector entities are more complex and less understood.
The approaches that do exist vary widely and not just in one dimension. The researcher identified some key criteria that can be used to evaluate different approaches and instruments and gave examples of their usage by different donor institutions. In practical terms, they said that thoroughly-researched cost benefit analyses should be used to assess project impact and that it was vital that donors recognise that by actively distorting a market outcome, there might be significant consequences to be understood and analysed.
Approaches to private sector development.
Business environment reform.
Where entrepreneurship and markets are stifled by inappropriate regulation, excessive taxation, lack of fair competition, lack of voice or an unstable policy environment, growth and poverty reduction are likely to suffer. Typically, donors first fund business environment analyses, such as the World Bank's Doing Business Reports, identifying the major constraints to business growth. They then work with government and other stakeholders to implement reforms.
The private sector itself can play an important role in advocating for a better business environment. Many development agencies thus work to strengthen the capacity of businesses and business associations to engage in public-private dialogue with governments.
Business linkages and value chain development.
A value chain is a series of activities that enterprises undertake when they produce a good or service, adding value to the inputs at each stage. Value Chain Development thus seeks to maximise the value of any given type of product, whilst incurring the least possible cost to the producers, in the places along the production chain that give the most benefit to poor people. One way is to improve production processes. Another way is to increase the commercial linkages between the businesses that poor people own or work for, and businesses that can offer them new and more profitable opportunities as customers or suppliers.
Business development services.
This approach seeks to build markets in services that improve the performance of individual enterprises. Some of the most important BDS markets are in training, consultancy, marketing, market information, information technology and technology transfer. For many within the development community, donors should ideally not undertake BDS directly; instead they should facilitate commercial BDS providers to be self-sustaining, through the improvement of their techniques and the sourcing of new clients. BDS markets can be sustainable where providers recover their costs via the fees they charge for services.
However, business development services are also found in developed countries where the argument advanced is that the market for business development fails and therefore the government should enable this market Developed countries experience suggests that fees for publicly supported advice was a policy that did not work. In fact, the evidence suggests that subsidised intensive work with relatively few business clients works well, which suggests the requirement for DBS to be self-financing is too onerous.
Making markets work for the poor.
The Making markets work for the poor/M4P approach aims to understand how poor people interact with market systems, and how these systems can be changed to improve their lives. It aims for large-scale, sustainable impact by focusing on overall markets, rather than targeting individual actors within that market. In this sense, an M4P programme may incorporate various elements of value chain development, BDS and/ or business environment reform. Donors that have pioneered the M4P approach include the UK's Department for International Development (DFID), the Swedish International Development and Cooperation Agency (Sida) and the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation (SDC).
Green growth.
A number of development agencies are engaged in developing markets to channel finance raised for climate change mitigation and adaptation in industrialised countries towards initiatives that reduce carbon emissions in the developing world. If managed appropriately, they argue, the challenge of responding to climate change could generate decent jobs and incomes for many millions of poor people.
Women's entrepreneurship development.
In many parts of the developing world, women are systematically excluded from business opportunities. Discrimination can disadvantage women in their access to the knowledge and skills needed to be successful in business. At the same time, laws that disadvantage women in gaining access to property can make it hard for women to raise the necessary capital. Many donors actively support programmes that help women to overcome these and other barriers.
Local economic development.
Local Economic Development (LED) typically starts by analysing the economy of a particular region or municipality, identifying opportunities to enhance its prospects. LED strategies may combine any of the following: business environment reform, value chain development, infrastructure development, innovation and technology policy, planning and/ or skills development. LED programmes often involve local and regional governments, the private sector and civil society in programme design and implementation. LEDknowledge.org is an open access database of publications on Local Economic Development. In addition, the Donor Committee for Enterprise Development has a knowledge page on Local Economic Development and Clusters.
Public-private partnerships.
Many development agencies are now working directly with businesses to deliver development impacts. Such public-private partnerships or public-private development partnerships cover a wide range of activities. A common characteristic of most PPPs is the aim to leverage the development impact of companies’ core business activities. One increasingly common approach is to create a Challenge Fund, whereby companies bid for donor funding, competing to maximise the development impact of the grant money made available. Other PPP programmes assist companies in finding business partners in developing countries, or offer technical support and expertise. Through some PPP programmes, companies can directly contribute to donor and development agencies' development projects. The Donor Committee for Enterprise Development provides a mapping of its member agency PPPs.
Access to finance.
Affordably access to finance is seen by most experts as vital to private enterprises in the developing world. While some development agencies therefore see it as part of Private Sector Development, many treat it as a separate field in its own right.
Private sector development in conflict-affected environments.
Conflict presents unique challenges and unique opportunities for Private Sector Development. One the one hand, conflict disrupts the regular functioning of markets and in their place creates a war economy. PSD practitioners must be sensitive to the impact of their activities on the conflict situation, e.g. effects on the distribution of resources, as well as the impacts that conflict will have on their activities. On the other hand, where it generates job creation and trade, Private Sector Development can play a vital role in peacebuilding.
Industrial Policy.
Industrial policy is broadly defined as selective government intervention to promote a specific economic sector and promote structural change. It may target manufacturing, agricultural or services sectors. If and how donors should promote industrial policy is much debated in development circles.
Innovation Policy.
New or improved are important drivers of competitiveness, growth and employment generation. In the context of private sector development, “innovation is understood as the commercially successful introduction or implementation of a technical or organisational innovation.” Donor agency support to innovation covers a broad range of activities, including the creation of appropriate framework conditions for innovation, and the development of innovative capacities of companies. This may include business advisory and support services, finance and skills development; business incubators and technology extension services, as well as value chain and cluster approaches.
Private sector development following the financial crisis.
For many people, the Global Financial Crisis has raised questions about the ways in which markets should be regulated in order to ensure long-term, sustainable development. At the same time, with many countries now faced with slower growth and higher unemployment, reviving economies by kick-starting the private sector is seen by many as at the heart of a global response.

</doc>
<doc id="2907683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907683" title="Phalombe">
Phalombe

Phalombe is a town approx. 40 km northeast of Mulanje in southern Malawi.
It is situated below the Fort Lister Gap between the two larger parts of the Mulanje Massif. Due to this location it is vulnerable for flash floods, which can easily occur during the rainy season. The most devastating one in recent history occurred in 1991, which left Phalombe with a 2-3 m high mud layer and killed hundreds of people. On this spot a monument was erected to remember the named and unnamed victims. Five km from the village is a Catholic mission consisting of a Catholic church and the Holy Family Hospital. The hospital is run by locals in association with the Dutch charity Memisa and is staffed by local clinical officers as well as Dutch tropical doctors. A large nursing school is attached to the hospital.
The road from Mulanje to Phalombe is currently being upgraded and surfaced.

</doc>
<doc id="2907696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907696" title="Misumenops">
Misumenops

Misumenops is a common genus of crab spider with more than 100 described species. 
Distribution.
Most species of this genus occur in the Americas from Canada to Argentina, with only a few exceptions: 
Name.
The genus name is derived from the related crab spider genus "Misumena" and the Greek ending "ops" "looks like". This ending is often used to denote closely related or similar looking genera.

</doc>
<doc id="2907702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907702" title="Positive accounting">
Positive accounting

Positive accounting is the branch of academic accounting research that seeks to explain and predict actual accounting practices. This contrasts with normative accounting, that seeks to derive and prescribe "optimal" accounting standards.
Background.
Positive accounting emerged with empirical studies that proliferated in accounting in the late 1960s. It was organized as an academic school of thought of discipline by the work of Ross Watts and Jerold Zimmerman (in 1978 and 1986) at the William E. Simon School of Business Administration at the University of Rochester, and by the founding of the Journal of Accounting and Economics in 1979. When published, the pioneering articles were greeted with considerable criticism.
Views.
Positive accounting can be associated with the contractual view of the firm. The firm is viewed as “a nexus of contracts” and accounting one tool to facilitate the formation and performance of contracts. Under this view, accounting practices evolve to mitigate contracting costs by establishing ex ante agreement among varying parties. For example, positive accounting postulates that conservatism in accounting –in this sense defined conditionally as requiring lower (higher) standards of verifiability to recognize losses (gains)– has origins in contract markets, including managerial compensation contracts and lender debt contracts. As an example, absent conservatism, managerial compensation agreements may reward managers based on current reports that later evidence indicate were unwarranted. 
The contractual view of positive accounting puts it in tension with value relevance studies in accounting: the latter contend that accounting’s primary role is to value the firm, and thus practices like conservatism are sub-optimal. The value relevance school emphasizes the usefulness of accounting information to equity investors in contrast to its usefulness in contracting exercises.
Efficiency perspective.
The efficiency perspective is "taken" into Positive Accounting theory as researchers explain how various managers choose accounting methods that show a true representation of the firm's performance. Within this perspective, it is stated by numerous authors that accounting practices adopted by firms are often explained on the basis showing the true image of financial performance of the firm.
Opportunistic perspective.
The opportunistic perspective holds the view that managers, who are agents to the principal, act to their self-interests. They only adopt accounting policies that allow them to gain, in the view that the firm also gains. Different types of hypothesis exist such as political cost, bonus plan and debt hypothesis that show what motives make the managers choose one accounting method over another.
Management compensation hypothesis (Bonus plan hypothesis).
The management compensation hypothesis states that managers who have accounting incentives, or their remuneration that is tied up with the firm's accounting performance will tend to manipulate accounting method and figures to show the accounting performance better than it should be. Such as managers electing to use different depreciation method allowing lower profits at the start and higher profits towards the end. Older managers will tend to ignore any research and development costs because it will lower current year profits affecting their income.
Debt hypothesis.
The debt/equity hypothesis states that managers will tend to show better profits as similar to the bonus plan in the intention of having a better performance and liquidity position to pay the interest and principal of the debt they have accumulated in the business. The higher the debt/equity level the more likely it is that the managers will tend to use accounting methods and procedures in increasing accounting profit.
Political cost hypothesis.
The political cost hypothesis assumes that firms will tend to show their profits lower by using different accounting methods and procedures so that the firm does not attract the attention of politicians, who will have an eye on high profit industries. Allowing lower profits steers away any attention by the public and the eyes of the government who will place higher regulation on high earning firms.

</doc>
<doc id="2907714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907714" title="Jang Joon-hwan">
Jang Joon-hwan

Jang Joon-hwan (born January 18, 1970) is a South Korean film director. A graduate of Sungkyunkwan University, Jang's first directing job was on the 1994 short film "2001 Imagine". His feature-length debut was the critically acclaimed cult science fiction film "Save the Green Planet!" (2003), considered one of the most unique and original films in the history of Korean cinema. Jang won Best Director at the 4th Pusan Film Critics Awards, and the Special Silver St. George for Best Director at the 25th Moscow International Film Festival. 
He directed two more short films "Hair" (2004), and "Love for Sale" (2010, as part of the omnibus "Camellia", about the past, present and future of the city Busan). Then in 2013, Jang's long-awaited second feature film was released, a revenge thriller titled "". 
Jang married actress Moon So-ri on December 24, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2907715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907715" title="Sôber">
Sôber

Sôber is an alternative rock band from Madrid, Spain, formed in 1994. Founded when Carlos Escobedo posted an advertisement in a local guitar store and was then contacted by Antonio Bernardini to start Sober Stoned. The band's line-up has primarily consisted of vocalist/bassist Carlos Escobedo, guitarists Jorge Escobedo and Antonio Bernardini, while going through a number of drummers. In 2002, with Alberto Madrid as drummer, the band released "Paradÿsso". The album sold more than 100,000 copies. In 2004 they released "Reddo", which sold more than 50,000 copies.
On 1 January 2010, the band announced their reunion with Manu Reyes as drummer.
History.
Early years.
Sôber is a band from Madrid, Spain, formed in 1994. Founded when Carlos Escobedo posted an advertisement in a local guitar store and was then contacted by Antonio Bernardini to start Sober Stoned. The band’s first line-up consisted of the Escobedo brothers, Carlos and Jorge, vocals/bass and guitar, respectively. Antonio Bernardini, also guitar, and Elías Romero as the drummer. Since then the band has had a couple of drummer changes. Sôber takes its name from the literal meaning of sober, and from the song "Sober" by the band Tool, from their first album, "Undertow"
Torcidos.
They began singing in English and in 1994 they recorded their first demo, titled "Mirror’s Way", which included 5 songs. Shortly after, the band signed with their first label. The label forced them to switch from English to Spanish in the process. In 1995, ready to release their first studio album, "Torcidos", the record company went bankrupt. Later in 1997, under their own label, Sober Records, they finally released Torcidos.
Morfología.
The band continued working on new songs, and one of them, "La Prisión del Placer", was included in a compilation for the magazine Heavy Rock. The band started to get many calls and letters and they decided to start recording again. They ended up in Rocksoul Studios, with production done by themselves and Alberto Seara. They recorded 3 songs and send the samples to many record companies. Zero Records signed them in 1998. The band changed its name from Sober Stoned to Sôber and Luis Miguel Planelló replaced Elías Romero as drummer. Towards the end of September, they released an EP titled "Condenado". In 1999, they released their second studio album, "Morfología", which included songs like "Abstinencia", "Loco", "Predicador" and "La Prisión del Placer". After the recording of the album, Alberto Madrid replaced Luis Miguel Planelló as drummer.
Synthesis.
In the year 2000 they released the EP "Oxígeno (Ô₂)", which contained songs that would later be included in their third studio album, titled "Synthesis". It was produced by Oscar Clavel and recorded at Kirios and Eurosonic studios. Some of the songs include "Versus (Vs.)", "Si Me Marcho" and "Vacío".
Synthesis is one of the best Pop rock albums of Spain and sold more than 30,000 copies. Shortly after, the band left Zero Records and signed with Muxxic (Gran Vía Musical).
Paradÿsso.
Sôber began to become known among the rock scene and played alongside bands like Deftones, HIM, and Dover. They became the revelation group after their performance in a well-known rock festival, Festimad. In 2002, after an intense tour, they released their fourth studio album, "Paradÿsso". Songs like "Diez Años" and "Paradysso" rapidly become hit songs in Spain. The album was recorded in Cube Studios by Alberto Seara and was self-produced entirely by the band, giving them the opportunity to develop their own personal ideas. The album has been the band’s best, and was certified Gold and Platinum for selling more than 100,000 copies. They set off on a 2 year tour performing over 100 concerts.
Reddo.
After releasing "Backstage 02/03", which included 3 songs from their concert in Salamanca in 2003, the band released their fifth studio album, "Reddo", which translates into “reflection” in Latin. It was again recorded and self-produced by the band in Cube Studios. It was mixed in Los Angeles by Scott Humphrey, who has worked with artists and bands like Bon Jovi and Metallica, among many others. The album went on sale in February 2004. The lyrics and the majority of the songs were composed by vocalist and bassist, Carlos Escobedo.
Separation in 2005.
After more than ten years of working together, the band decided to separate for some time and take on other projects, with two new groups: "Savia", (Carlos Escobedo's project with the collaboration of Alberto Madrid) and "Skizoo" (formed by Sôber’s two guitarists, Antonio Bernandini and Jorge Escobedo). On 31 October 2005, Universal released a compilation of their greatest hits, titled "Grandes Éxitos 1994–2004".
Death of Alberto Madrid.
On 30 November 2006, Alberto Madrid was involved in a fatal traffic accident along the M-40 road in Madrid, Spain.
Return in 2010.
After almost six years working on side projects, on 1 January 2010, the band officially announced on their website their return and the addition of Manu Reyes as drummer. The band also confirmed a tour in Spain, Mexico, Venezuela, Costa Rica, Argentina, and Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="2907717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907717" title="There's No Tomorrow">
There's No Tomorrow

"There's No Tomorrow", written by Al Hoffman, Leo Corday and Leon Carr, is one of two popular songs based on the Italian song "O Sole Mio" (music by Eduardo di Capua). (The other was "It's Now or Never", popularized by Elvis Presley.) 
The biggest hit version of the song was recorded by Tony Martin which charted in 1950. The recording was released by RCA Victor Records as a 78rpm record (catalog number 20-3582) and a 45rpm record (catalog number 47-3078). The record first reached the "Billboard Magazine" charts on November 4, 1949 and lasted 27 weeks on the chart, peaking at number two. 
Martin was attending a Friars Club of Beverly Hills roast for Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz on November 24th, 1958, in Los Angeles. Right after comedian Harry Einstein (alias "Parkyarkarkus") brought the house down with his amusing testimonial, Einstein suddenly suffered a heart attack, slumping into Milton Berle's lap. Emcee Art Linkletter then directed Martin to sing a song to divert the crowd's attention; the singer's unfortunate choice was "There's No Tomorrow". Einstein's heart attack proved fatal, and Martin was a pallbearer at the comedian's funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="2907732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907732" title="Kádár">
Kádár

Kádár (Hungarian: "cooper") is a Hungarian surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2907738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907738" title="Albio Sires">
Albio Sires

Albio Sires (born January 26, 1951 in Bejucal, Cuba) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2006. The district, numbered as the 13th district from 2006 to 2013, includes most of northern and eastern Jersey City, as well as most of the Latino neighborhoods of Newark. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously represented district 33 in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2000 to 2006.
Early life.
Albio Sires was born January 26, 1951 in Bejucal, Cuba. He immigrated to the United States with his family at age 11 with the help of relatives in the United States. He eventually settled in West New York, New Jersey; he still lives there today. He attended Public School 4, where he and his brother were two of only three Latinos in the school. Sires learned English from a teacher who used flash cards and phonetics. and subsequently attended Memorial High School, where he was a star basketball player, whose skills on the court helped him obtain a basketball scholarship to Saint Peter's College. He received a B.A. in 1974 in Spanish and Marketing. He received an M.A. in 1985 from Middlebury College in Spanish. 
Career.
Teaching and business.
Sires worked at Memorial High School as a teacher and coach. He also became a successful businessman, and is the owner of the A.M. Title Agency Inc.
New Jersey government.
Sires was the first Hispanic mayor of the town of West New York and in 2004 he was elected mayor of the year by his fellow mayors.
Sires served as the Speaker of the Assembly from 2002 to 2006 and was the first Hispanic person to serve as New Jersey's Assembly Speaker. He was considered a surprise pick for speaker, since he had only served one term in the Assembly before taking the position. It has been reported that he was elected as speaker after Gov.-Elect Jim McGreevey decided he did not want then Assembly Minority Leader Joseph Doria, a former speaker, to serve as speaker during his governorship.
Sires was an active Democrat in the 1970s and 1980s. He switched to the Republican Party in 1985 and he ran for Congress in 1986 against Frank Guarini. Sires lost that election by a 71% to 26% margin. Sires left the Republican Party in 1994 and became a registered independent. Sires rejoined the Democratic Party in 1998. Just three years later, he became Speaker.
During his tenure as speaker, Sires served as Acting Governor of New Jersey on several occasions, when former Gov. Jim McGreevey and former Gov. Richard Codey left the state. He was the first Hispanic person to serve as an Acting Governor of New Jersey. As Acting Governor, Sires signed several bills into law and performed routine duties of the office.
For the 2006–2008 legislative session, Sires was given the largely honorary title of Speaker Emeritus. Sires is a former Chairman of the Legislative Services Commission. Sires stepped down from his seat in the Assembly, and was replaced by Silverio Vega, who was selected by the Democratic district committee to replace Sires. Vega was sworn into office on December 11, 2006.
Sires was the Mayor of West New York, New Jersey from 1995 to 2006. Sires was succeeded by Vega, who will retain his mayoral seat while he simultaneously serves in the Assembly, joining three fellow Hudson County mayors — Brian Stack of Union City in the Assembly and both Nicholas Sacco of North Bergen and Joseph Doria of Bayonne in the New Jersey Senate — who serve as both mayors and in the New Jersey Legislature. For many years, it was common for New Jersey mayors to serve in the legislature as well, though this practice has been abolished.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Tenure.
Albio Sires has voted with the Democratic Party 93% of the time since joining Congress.
Sires is a member of the Congressional Cuba Democracy Caucus.
Sires is seen as a "champion of mass transit." He supports federal funding for public transportation projects. He believes that these will ultimately help his constituents. 
He was an advocate for a $9 billion "federal, state and locally-funded public transit tunnel from New Jersey to New York that broke ground in June 2009." The project is expected to employ thousands of people.
In March 2012, Sires also pushed for a two year bill that would help by funding highways and mass transit. He also pushed to extend the current surface transportation bill so the House and Senate can reconcile the differences between the House bill and the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21).
Sires has made affordable housing one of his priorities. Residents of his district pay more for housing - including rent and home prices - than most places in the country. He has supported legislation focused on making housing more affordable.
Committee assignments.
Political campaigns.
In 2006, 13-year incumbent Democrat Bob Menendez moved up to the United States Senate to fill the seat vacated by Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine. Sires then entered the race to succeed him. He ran in two Democratic primary elections on June 6, 2006--a special primary for the last two months of Menendez' seventh term, and a regular primary for a full two-year term.
In the special primary to fill the remaining two months, Sires won approximately 90% of the vote, defeating James Geron. This all but assured Sires of being the next congressman from this heavily Democratic, Latino-majority district. In the regular primary, Sires beat Assemblyman and Perth Amboy Mayor Joseph Vas in a bitter primary. Sires defeated Vas 68% to 32% and won in Union, Hudson and Essex Counties, while Vas bested Sires in Middlesex County. No Republican even filed, assuring Sires of a full term. However, the 13th is so heavily Democratic that any Republican who opted to file would have faced nearly impossible odds in any event.
Sires faced Republican John Guarini — a salesman and second cousin of former Congressman Frank J. Guarini (1979–93) — who was unopposed for the GOP nomination. Vas did not seek the unexpired term seat. After winning the election with 78% of the vote, Sires was sworn into the House on November 13, 2006 to begin to fill the remaining term of Senator Bob Menendez.
"CQPolitics" noted "Sires’ likely November victories would cap off his ambitions for a House seat, which he first expressed exactly 20 years ago under very different circumstances. He ran that year as the Republican challenger to entrenched incumbent Guarini, but managed only 27 percent of the vote."
Sires is part of a handful of Cuban lawmakers serving in the House, though until Florida's Joe Garcia was seated in 2013 he was the only Democrat.
The New York Times rated the 13th District as "solid Democratic" in 2010. Sires was challenged by Republican nominee Henrietta Dwyer; he would defeat her with 74% of the vote.
After New Jersey lost a district in the 2010 census, Sires ran for reelection in the 8th District, essentially a reconfigured version of the old 13th. In the primary election, he faced 25 year old candidate Michael J. Shurin, whose campaign largely focused on the legalization of marijuana.
Awards and honors.
On October 4, 2013 Sires' home town of West New York, New Jersey honored him by renaming its Public School No. 4 the Albio Sires Elementary School. The school, which is located at 6300 Palisade Avenue, is the elementary school that Sires himself attended as a child. In attendance at the October 4 ceremony were West New York Mayor Felix Roque and U.S. Senator Robert Menendez.
Personal life.
Sires and his wife, Adrienne, live in West New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2907739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907739" title="Area code 928">
Area code 928

North American area code 928 is a telephone area code in the state of Arizona that was created in a split from area code 520 on June 23, 2001, due mainly to population gains in Tucson, Yuma and Flagstaff. 928 covers northern, eastern, and western portions of Arizona. The area code encompasses areas such as the Grand Canyon, Flagstaff, Lake Havasu City, Kingman, Prescott, Wickenburg, Winslow and Yuma, also serving the majority of Greenlee County. The Arizona portion of the Navajo Nation is served by the 928 area code. Some areas on the western and northern fringes of the Phoenix metropolitan area such as Lake Pleasant Regional Park in Peoria also fall within this area code.

</doc>
<doc id="2907770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907770" title="Francisco Javier Clavijero">
Francisco Javier Clavijero

Francisco Javier Clavijero Echegaray (sometimes "Francesco Saverio Clavigero") (September 9, 1731 – April 2, 1787), was a Novohispano Jesuit teacher, scholar and historian. After the expulsion of the Jesuits from Spanish colonies (1767), he went to Italy, where he wrote a valuable work on the pre-Columbian history and civilizations of Mesoamerica and the central Mexican "altiplano".
Youth.
He was born in Veracruz (Mexico) of a Spanish father and a Criolla mother. His father worked for the Spanish crown, and was transferred with his family from one town to another. Most of the father's posts were to locations with a strong indigenous presence, and because of this Clavijero learned Nahuatl growing up. The family lived at various times in Teziutlán, Puebla and later in Jamiltepec, in the Mixtec region of Oaxaca.
Clavijero's biographer, Juan Luis Maneiro, wrote:
From the time of his boyhood, he had occasion to deal intimately with the indigenous people, to learn thoroughly their customs and nature, and to investigate attentively the many special things the land produces, be they plants, animals or minerals. There was no high mountain, dark cave, pleasant valley, spring, brook, or any other place that drew his curiosity to which the Indians did not take the boy to in order to please him.
Education.
He began his studies in Puebla, at the college of San Jerónimo for grammar, and the Jesuit college of San Ignacio for philosophy, Latin and theology. Upon completion of these studies, he entered a seminary in Puebla, Puebla to study for the priesthood, but he soon decided to become a Jesuit instead. In February 1748 he transferred to a Jesuit college in Tepotzotlán, State of Mexico. There he continued to study Latin and also learned ancient Greek, French, Portuguese, Italian, German, and English. In 1751 he was sent back to Puebla for further studies in philosophy. Here he was introduced to the works of such contemporary thinkers as Descartes, Newton, and Leibniz.
Next he was sent to Mexico City, to complete his theological and philosophical studies at the Colegio de San Pedro y Pablo. Here he joined with other students of stature, including José Rafael Campoy, Andrés Cavo, Francisco Javier Alegre, Juan Luis Maneiro and Pedro José Márquez, a group known today (along with others) as the "Mexican humanists of the eighteenth century". While still a student, he began teaching, and was made prefect of the Colegio de San Ildefonso. Later he was appointed to the chair of rhetoric in the Seminario Mayor of the Jesuits, an exceptional appointment as he had yet to be ordained as a priest.
Priestly vows, teaching and historical investigations.
In 1754, Clavijero was ordained a priest. He began to teach at the Colegio de San Gregorio, founded at the beginning of the colonial era to teach Indian youth. He spent five years there. Again, quoting from his biographer, Juan Luis Maneiro:
In those five years he examined with great curiosity all the documents relating to the Mexican nation that had been collected in large numbers in the Colegio de San Pedro y San Pablo, and with great determination extracted from them precious treasures that later were published in the history he left for posterity.
Nevertheless, his time at San Gregorio was not without problems. In a letter dated April 3, 1761, Father Pedro Reales, vicar general of the Jesuits, rebuked him in a letter for
having completely shaken off the yoke of obedience, responding with an "I don't want to" to those who assigned you duties, as occurred yesterday, or at the very least this answer was given to the superior, who in truth did not know what path to take so that Your Reverence would fulfill and embrace your duty. Relocating you is hardly a solution, and Your Reverence's life and example have provided no satisfaction, almost completely removing the unique purpose of those who live in this college, and handing over to others jobs and studies that you fill.
It seems clear that these "other jobs and studies" of Father Clavijero referred to the Aztec codices and the books of the period of the Conquest that had been given to the college of San Pedro and San Pablo by Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora. Clavijero followed Sigüenza as an example in his investigations, and was very pleased with Sigüenza's benevolence to and love of the Indians. He also admired much of the culture of the Indians before their contact with Europeans. Clavijero never ceased to try to read the ideograms in the codices.
Clavijero was transferred to the Colegio de San Javier in Puebla, also dedicated to the education of Indian youth. He taught there for three years. In 1764 he was transferred again, to Valladolid (now Morelia), to teach philosophy in the seminary there. More of a rationalist in philosophy than his predecessors, he was an innovator in the field. Good work in Valladolid got him promoted to the same position in Guadalajara. It was in Guadalajara that he finished his treatise "Physica Particularis", which, together with "Cursus Philosophicus", sets out his scientific and philosophical thought.
The expulsion of the Jesuits and Clavijero's work in Italy.
As part of the Bourbon Reforms in Spanish America and the general suppression of the Jesuits by European monarchs in the late eighteenth century, the Jesuits were expelled from all the Spanish dominations on June 25, 1767, on orders of King Charles III. When Clavijero left the colony, he went first to Ferrara, Italy, but soon relocated to Bologna, Italy, where he lived the rest of his life.
In Italy he devoted his time to his historical investigations. Although he no longer had access to the Aztec codices, the reference works, and the accounts of the first Spanish conquistadors, he retained in his memory the information from his earlier studies. He was able to write the work he had always intended, "La Historia Antigua de México" (ISBN 968-6871-20-9). In Italy a work by the Prussian Cornelius de Pauw came to his attention. It was entitled "Philosophical Investigations Concerning the Americans". This work revealed to Clavijero the extent of European ignorance about the nature and culture of pre-Columbian Americans, and spurred his work to show the true history of Mexico.
He worked for years on his history, consulting Italian libraries and corresponding with friends in Mexico who answered his questions by consulting the original works there. Finally his work was ready. It consisted of ten volumes containing the narrative of Mexican culture from before the Spanish conquest. The original manuscript was in Spanish, but Father Clavijero translated it into Italian, with the help of some of his Italian friends. The book was published at Cesena in 1780-81, and was received by scholars with great satisfaction. It was soon translated into English and German. It was also translated back into Spanish, and went through numerous editions in Mexico. Much later (1945) the original was published in Spanish.
His works.
"La Historia Antigua de México" begins with a description of Anáhuac, and continues with the story of the Aztec wanderings. It treats of the politics, warfare, religion, customs, social organization and culture of the Aztecs. It establishes for the first time the chronology of the Indian peoples, and concludes with the history of the Conquest up to the imprisonment of Cuauhtémoc.
In contrast to many of his contemporaries, Clavigero promoted a view of the Indigenous as peaceful and good, while heavily criticizing the actions of the Spanish conquistadors. Clavigero's work is seen today as overly sentimental and unreliable, but it is still read by many historians who seek detailed information about early American daily life.
In addition to "La Historia Antigua de México", Father Clavijero published these works:
Legacy.
Father Francisco Javier Clavijero died in Bologna April 2, 1787, at 4 in the afternoon. He was 56 years of age. He did not live to see the publication of "Historia de la Antigua o Baja California".
On August 5, 1970, the remains of Father Clavijero were repatriated to Veracruz, the place of his birth. They were received with the honors due to an illustrious son. He is now interred in the Rotonda de los Personajes Ilustres in the Pantheon Dolores in Mexico City.
Schools, libraries, botanical gardens, avenues and parks throughout the Republic of Mexico have been named for him, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2907782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907782" title="Misumenoides">
Misumenoides

Misumenoides is a genus of spiders in the family Thomisidae. Spiders in this family are commonly called "crab" or "flower" spiders.
The female "M. formosipes", while similar to the common goldenrod spider ("Misumena vatia"), is not as large, and can be distinguished by the inverted 'V' marking on its back (with the point of the V closer to the cephalothorax) and the 'mask' over its eyes. In most respects this spider behaves like the goldenrod spider, also commonly hunting in goldenrod sprays in the fall. It tends to take smaller prey, however, avoiding the bumblebees and large butterflies in favor of honeybees, large flies and small butterflies such as skippers. Male "M. formosipes" are quite distinctive, being much smaller than females and having a greenish cephalothorax, yellow-orange abdomen, and long, red to reddish-black front legs. They are found on a wide variety of plants as they wander in search of females in late summer and early fall.

</doc>
<doc id="2907783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907783" title="Ringwood Manor">
Ringwood Manor

Ringwood Manor in Passaic County, New Jersey was the site of an ironworks and home to a number of well-known ironmasters from the 1740s to the late 19th century. The current manor house was not built until 1807. 
Scottish engineer Robert Erskine was hired in 1771 to manage the ironmaking operations at Ringwood. During the American Revolutionary War, after designing a cheval-de-frise for the Hudson River in 1776, he was appointed by General George Washington as his first Geographer and Surveyor General of the Continental Army. Erskine drew more than 275 maps of the northern sector. He also kept Ringwood iron operating, as the manufacture was important to supplying the Continental war effort. It was used in manufacturing links for the Hudson River Chain, a defensive device installed across the river north of West Point, and for tools and hardware for the army. 
In the early 19th century, Martin J. Ryerson purchased the historic ironworks. He began building the present Manor House in 1807 while still operating the iron mines and forges on the property. For the next half century, Ryerson ran five forge-furnace complexes in three counties from his headquarters at Ringwood. He made shot for the War of 1812. He also negotiated land and water rights with the Morris Canal Company for expansion of Long Pond (Greenwood Lake) and construction of the Pompton Feeder on the Morris Canal. The Ryerson Steel Company is still operating today. 
New York's Peter Cooper, an inventor and industrialist, and his young son-in-law, Abram S. Hewitt, purchased Ringwood in 1854. One of the Manor's last owners was Abram S. Hewitt, ironmaster, educator, lawyer, U.S. Congressman, and mayor of New York City.
A area including the manor house was declared a National Historic Landmark District in 1966. The Ringwood Manor NHL area is the entire 479-acre Ringwood Manor State Park. One outbuilding houses a working coal-fired, bellows-fed forge. It was rebuilt in the 1960s and has since been briefly operated from time to time by volunteer blacksmiths.
Ringwood Manor is included within the larger Ringwood State Park, which also includes Skylands Manor and a recreational area. It is located three miles (5 km) east of Hewitt, New Jersey, off Route 23.

</doc>
<doc id="2907794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907794" title="Khoja Akhmet Yassawi">
Khoja Akhmet Yassawi

Khoja Ahmat Ysawi (; , , also spelled Ahmad Yasawi, Ahmet Yasevi, Ahmed Yesevi or Ata Yesevi) (born in Sayram in 1093, and died in 1166 in Hazrat-e Turkestan, both cities now in Kazakhstan), was a Turkic poet and Sufi (Muslim mystic), an early mystic who exerted a powerful influence on the development of mystical orders throughout the Turkic-speaking world. Yasavi is currently the earliest known Turkic poet who composed poetry in a Turkic dialect. Ahmed Yesevi was a pioneer of popular mysticism, founded the first Turkic tariqah (order), the Yasaviyya (Yeseviye), which very quickly spread over the Turkic-speaking areas.
Background.
Yasawi was born to Sheykh Ibrahim. At age seven, when he was orphaned by the loss of his father, Yasawi was raised by another spiritual father, Arslan Baba. By age seven, Ahmad Yasawi had already advanced through a series of high spiritual stages and then, under the direction of Arslan Baba, the young Ahmad reached a high level of maturity and slowly began to win fame from every quarter. His father Shaikh Ibrahim had already been renowned in that region for performing countless feats and many legends were told of him. Consequently, it was recognized that, with respect to his lineage as well, this quiet and unassuming young boy, who always listened to his elder sister, held a spiritually important position.
Influence.
Ahmed Yasawi later moved to Bukhara and followed his studies with the well known Yusuf Hamdani (d. 1140). Yassawi made considerable efforts to spread Islam throughout Central Asia and had numerous students in the region. Yasawi's poems created a new genre of religious folk poetry in Central Asian Turkic literature and influenced many religious poets in the following countries. Yassawi made the city of Yasi into the major centre of learning for the Kazakh steppes, then retired to a life of contemplation aged 63. He dug himself an underground cell where he spent the rest of his life. Turkish scholar Hasan Basri Çantay noted that "It was a Seljuk king who brought Rumi, the great Sufi poet, to Konya; and it was in Seljuq times that Ahmad Yesevi, another great Sufi, lived and taught. The influence of those two remarkable teachers has continued to the present." Yasavi is also mentioned by Ernest Scott (pseudonym) as a member of the Khwajagan Sufis.
Legacy.
A mausoleum was later built on the site of his grave by Tamerlane the Great in the city (today called Türkistan). The Yasaviyya Tariqah which he founded continued to be influential for several centuries afterwards, with the Yasavi Sayyid Ata Sheikhs holding a prominent position at the court of Bukhara into the 19th century. In the Yasaviyya Sufis one comes across the greatest number of the shamanistic elements compared to other Sufi Orders.
The first Kazakh-Turkish university, Ahmet Yesevi University, and liceum, Hoca Ahmed Yesevi Lisesi, were named in his honor.
Naqshbandi Sufi Idries Shah mentions Ahmed Yasavi's lineage in his "The Book of the Book". Yasavi Sufis are also present in Kashmir. They came to Kashmir from Turkistan via Silk Route with Hazrat Amir-e-Kabir Mir Syed Ali Hamdani. A historical background of the Yasavi order can be found in the book "SILSLAY YASAVI," written by Peerzada Mohammad Shafi Yasavi, eldest member of the Yasavi family in Kashmir. The book is written in Urdu.

</doc>
<doc id="2907798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907798" title="Flat-tail horned lizard">
Flat-tail horned lizard

The flat-tail horned lizard ("Phrynosoma mcallii") is a reptile of the Sonoran desert of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. Its multiple adaptations for camouflage help to minimise its shadow. The species is threatened, with a restricted range under pressure from human activities such as agriculture and development, and is specially protected in the United States.
Description and range.
The flat-tail horned lizard is named for Colonel George A. M'Call, who collected the first specimen in California in the 19th century. The species occupies a small range in the Sonoran Desert of southeastern California, southwestern Arizona, and extreme northern Mexico in the Baja California and Sonora states. Over time, horned lizard populations have adapted to climate, food, and predators, causing them to in some ways be distinct from one another.
Camouflage techniques.
The flat-tail horned lizard has evolved elaborate camouflage measures to eliminate shadow. Their bodies are flattened, with the sides thinning to an edge; the animals habitually press their bodies to the ground; and their sides are fringed with white scales which effectively hide and disrupt any remaining areas of shadow there may be under the edge of the body.
Different populations of the species match their local backgrounds using a combination of colour-creating cells in their back scales. These cells include black melanophores and red chromatophores in an upper layer, scattered over a layer of white reflective iridophores, enabling the flat-tail horned lizard to match the local soil or rock. So for example the Algondones Dunes population of San Luis, Sonora is generally redder than the population on the whiter Thousand Palms dunes of California. In addition, the dark midline helps to disrupt the outline of the lizard, resembling the thin shadows of plant stems in its windswept sand habitat.
A threatened species.
This lizard is threatened by development, agriculture, and other man-made intrusions into their small range. The majority of their remaining habitat in the US is administered by the Bureau of Land Management. The species ("Phrynosoma mcallii") frequently coexists with sources of natural gas, oil, geothermal energy, and minerals which can found in its habitat. In 1982, the US Fish and Wildlife Service declared "P. mcallii" as a Candidate 2 Category for the list of threatened and endangered species due to concerns over potential threats to their habitat which could further diminish the population. "P. mcallii" has also been given special status in both California and Arizona, which prevents their collection.
Experiments have been conducted to investigate the "fluctuations in populations of flat-tailed horned lizards, "Phrynosoma mcallii", in the Coachella Valley, California. This species has the smallest range of any horned lizard in the United States. In parts of its range, there are potentially conflicting activities, such as suburban development, agriculture, off-road recreation, and activities along the international border."
"Between 1978 and 1980 the Bureau of Land Management supported investigations of the status of "P. mcallii" in California. The purpose of this work was to determine the local distribution and relative abundance of "P. mcallii", to correlate these parameters with various habitat attributes, and to gather information on the structure of the populations and mobility and food habits of individual lizards."
The study also looked at the flat-tailed horned lizard's distribution and abundance throughout Arizona. The species was found to be restricted to an area of desert, 650–700 km2 in size, in the southwestern corner of the state. The species was most abundant in places with the Western whiptail ("Cnemidophorus tigris"), nests of the black harvester ant ("Messor pergandei"), galleta grass ("Hilaria rigida") and sandy soils.

</doc>
<doc id="2907799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907799" title="David Laird">
David Laird

David Laird, PC (March 12, 1833 – January 12, 1914) born in New Glasgow, Prince Edward Island into a Presbyterian family noted for its civic activism. His father Alexander had been a long time Reformer and Liberal MLA. David became a Liberal MLA for Belfast. He also established and edited the Patriot.
After initially opposing confederation, he led in the talks by which Prince Edward Island became a province of Canada. He became a Liberal member of the Canadian parliament in the government of Alexander Mackenzie. He served as Minister of the Interior and guided the passage of the Indian Act into Canadian law. He was the first resident Lieutenant Governor of Northwest Territories, Canada. He was the fifth Lieutenant Governor in charge of the territory. He negotiated several aboriginal treaties. Even though David Laird adopted the paternalistic views of how to work with aboriginals, colleagues noted his consistent hard work, reliability and honesty in his dealings as a federal official. The aboriginals respected him as a man "who did not speak with a forked tongue."
Early life and family.
Laird was born in New Glasgow, Prince Edward Island, the son of Alexander Laird and Janet Orr. David's parents had emigrated from Renfrewshire, Scotland to Prince Edward Island in 1819. His father was a member of the Island's executive council.
On June 30, 1864, David married Mary Louise Owen in Georgetown. Her brother, Lemuel Cambridge Owen, served as the Island's Post Master. David and Mary Louise had six children: David Rennie, Mary Alice, Arthur Gordon, William Charles, James Harold (who would become an Indian agent), and Fanny Louise.
David Laird attended the Presbyterian Theological Seminary in Truro, Nova Scotia after which he planned to become a minister. He became a journalist and newspaper publisher and editor instead.
Public Life.
Prince Edward Island.
In 1859, he founded a newspaper known as The Protestant and Evangelical Witness. In 1865, its name changed to the Patriot.
The first issue of the The Protestant and Evangelical Witness in July 1859 proclaimed its purpose as "exposing the errors and noting the wiles and workings of popery." Laird tactfully reassured individual Catholic that he had not ill will toward them but his concern was only "the system by which they are enslaved."
As a young adult, Laird involved himself in the local politics of Charlottetown. He served as a trustee and elder in the Presbyterian church. He was a member of the Auxiliary Bible Society, a vice-president of the Young Men’s Christian Association and Literary Institute, a member of the Board of Education, and a governor of Prince of Wales College. His first successful elected office was as a city councilor. 
He was Member of Parliament for Queen's County Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1876 in the Liberal Party of Canada government of Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie.
Minister of the Interior.
During his term in parliament (1874-1876) he served as Superintendent-General of Indian Affairs, and Minister of the Interior. During his tenure as Superintendent-General of Indian Affairs, he championed the "Indian Act" through the Parliament, a legislation that would enable the government to realize its ultimate goal of paternalistically civilizing the natives of Canada. He earned the name 'He Whose Tongue is Not Forked'.
In 1874, Laird paved the way for the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway and Dominion Telegraph by negotiating the Qu'Appelle Lakes Treaty (Treaty Four) with local First Nations groups in southern Saskatchewan, to procure land for the railway and telegraph lines.
Lieutenant Governor for the North-West Territories.
Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie and Hewitt Bernard drafted the legislation for the North-West Territories Act in 1875.
In 1876, Mackenzie appointed Laird as Lieutenant Governor of the North-West Territories. He was responsible for the negotiations that brought the Blackfoot Confederacy together to sign Treaty 7. In 1899 he successfully negotiated Treaty 8 in the Athabasca district in the NWT.
Laird ordered the capital to be moved from Fort Livingstone to Battleford.
Laird held this office until 1881.
1879 Buffalo disappearance and famine.
During the 1870's Buffalo became scarce on the Canadian Prairies. 
Laird warned the federal government of the problem:
By 1879 they had disappeared completely. This created a desperate situation for the Plains Indians. The federal government empowered Laird and Dewdney to develop a plan to meet the crisis. A council met at Battleford in late August 1879. This council resolved:
The Council ordered that large quantities of beef, bacon, flour, fish and pemmican be distributed at various points in the North-West.
Return to Prince Edward Island.
After his term as Lieutenant Governor expired in 1881, he returned to Prince Edward Island to run again for parliament. He was defeated in the election of 1882. After his defeat, he served as editor of the "Charlottetown Patriot" a newspaper in Charlottetown, until 1889.
The Treaties.
In 1870, the government of Canada acquired the land previous owned by the Hudson Bay Company. This change caused the aboriginal people concern and unease. In response to this, the government of Canada entered into treaty negotiations with the various tribes. David Laird, as a government official, played a significant role in treaties 4 through 8.
Treaty No. 4, the Qu'Appelle Treaty.
Treaty 4 (1874) involved the Cree and Saulteaux. It covered most of current day southern Saskatchewan, plus small portions of what are today western Manitoba and southeastern Alberta.
This treaty is also called the "Qu'appelle Treaty," as its first signings were conducted at Fort Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan on 15 September 1874. Additional signings or adhesions would continue until September 1877.
The Commisioners of the Queen were: the Honourable Alexander Morris, Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Manitoba and the North-West Territories; the Honourable David Laird, Minister of the Interior, and William Joseph Christie, Esquire, of Brockville, Ontario and retired Hudson Bay Company factor for the Saskatchewan district.
Morris led the negotiations. David Laird's presence allowed Morris to negotiate confident that the federal government would support the results.
Treaty No. 5, the Winnipeg Treaty.
Treaty 5 (1875) involved the Saulteaux and Swampy Cree non-treaty tribes and peoples around Lake Winnipeg in the District of Keewatin. David Laird, Canada's Minister of the Interior, supported Alexander Morris as Morris led in the negotiations. Laird's interest was to get the native people to extinguish their claim to the land so that the incoming settlers could establish their own properties.
Treaty No. 6, Treaties at Fort Carlton and Pitt.
Treaty Six (1876) involves the central portions of the present provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. Like the preceding Macdonald government, the Mackenzie government entered into treaties gradually. David Laird led out in this process as Interior Minister. The delay created unrest among the native tribes beyond the established treaty boundaries. Leaders residing in the West communicated their concern to the government in Ottawa. This included: the Lieutenant Governor for the region, Alexander Morris; Alfred Selwyn, the head of the Geological Survey working beyond the boundaries of Treaty Four; Lawrence Clarke, in charge of the Hudson's Bay Company's post of Fort Carlton; Commissioner French of the Mounted Police; and, Major-General Selby Smyth, the officer commanding the Canadian Militia.
The natives had been promised a treaty but negotiations had not begun. In the summer of 1875, a Geological Survey party and a telegraph construction crew worked beyond the Treaty Four boundaries where no treaty had yet been made. That summer the Cree stopped the Geological Survey from progress beyond the elbow of the North Saskatchewan. The telegraph crew was also stopped. At a Cree council, it was decided to not allow any further expeditions until a treaty had been made. Morris repeatedly telegraphed Laird about the need for a treaty. He finally received permission to arrange for a treaty negotiation with the Saskatchewan Cree for the following summer at Forts Carlton and Pitt.
David Laird arranged with the Surveyor General to prepare a map showing the boundaries for Treaty Six. Laird relied on Morris to use his experienced judgment in arranging the terms of the treaty: "Your large experience and past success in conducting Indian negotiations relieves me from the necessity of giving you any detailed instructions in reference to your present mission."
In 1877, David Laird reported to the Superintendent General of Indian Affairs (SGIA) in Ottawa that most of the bands in Treaty 6 had been supplied with seed and were beginning to farm. He mentioned that several of the Bands living near Carlton and Prince Albert were very pleased with the potatoes, grain, etc. They planned to get more seed and expand their farming operations. One Band had nearly 100 acres under cultivaton.
Treaty No. 7, the Blackfoot Confederacy.
Treaty 7 (1877) involved the Blackfoot in what is today the southern portion of Alberta. It was concluded on September 22, 1877. The agreement was signed at the Blackfoot Crossing of the Bow River, at the present-day Siksika Nation reserve, approximately 100 km east of Calgary. Chief Crowfoot was one of the signatories to Treaty 7.
The treaty established a reserve, promised annual payments and/or provisions from the federal government to the tribes and promised continued hunting and trapping rights on the "tract surrendered". In exchange, the tribes ceded their rights to their traditional territory.
In 1877, David Laird was the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Territories. The Hon. David Mills, the newly appointed Minister of the Interior, noted that the Blackfoot wanted to negotiate a treaty. Mills appointed two commissioners to carry out the task: The Hon. David Laird, who had assisted in the negotiation of Treaty Four in 1874 and Colonel James Macleod, who had recently been promoted to Commissioner of the North-West Mounted Police. Laird was obviously chosen because of his experience and official position, while Macleod was important because of the respect he commanded among the Blackfoot.
Treaty No. 8.
May 1899, David Laird and staff traveled by train from Winnipeg to Edmonton. With thirteen wagons of provisions they continued north to Lesser Slave Lake. On June 20 Laird addressed the natives assembled:
The Indian Act.
In 1876, David Laird, as Minister of the Interior in the Mackenzie government, oversaw the creation of the Indian Act. This legislation consolidated previous Indian legislation. It viewed Indians as children of the State:
Later years.
Laird later moved back west to Manitoba and became president of the Manitoba Historical and Scientific Society from 1903 to 1904. Twenty years after his first task to work with the Plains Indians, he was appointed Indian Commissioner of the Northwest Territories, Manitoba, and Keewatin, and held that position until his death. After 1909 he also became an advisor for the Department of Indian Affairs. 
David Laird, as Indian Commissioner for Manitoba and the North-west Territories, offered a strongly worded negative opinion to the debate of establishing Treaty 8 in Northern Saskatchewan. He said:
Laird died in Ottawa on January 12, 1914. The town of Laird, Saskatchewan was named in his honour.
Critical views of Laird.
Although early historians wrote positively of Laird's work with aboriginal people, he has not fared so well among more recent scholars. 
Laird is acknowledged as hard-working and committed to negotiating treaties 4 through 7, but he viewed Indians as “improvident complainers, limited in intelligence,”
and “troublesome to deal with.” He viewed Aboriginal culture as “ludicrous and grotesque.” His success in getting natives to surrender the land was offset by his ensuring that his political allies benefited. He believed that higher education was wasted on Native youth. He advocated nothing more than instruction in “basic skills.” Laird's policy of denying Indians both land and skills left native youth with few resources for success.
Laird's Legacy.
David Laird's accomplishments in the arena of aboriginal matters continue to influence the present relationship between the Canadian government and native peoples. The Indian Act and the various treaties provide legal grounds for the courts.
In North Battleford, James Marshall has produced "stunning" brick relief sculptures depicting the area's heritage. He included a portrait of David Laird and Government House.
Notable quotes.
Because David Laird influenced the establishment of many First Nations treaties and led the way in the passage of the 1876 Indian Act, his words have taken on importance when people discuss these:
Fishing (1874).
Exhibit 13 represents a memorandum of David Laird, then Minister of the Interior and the minister responsible for Indian matters, submitted to the federal cabinet and adopted by the Governor General in Council on April 24, 1874. The fifth of the recommendations reads:
The Great Spirit.
David Laird and the Great Spirit, Treaty 7 (1877) with the Blackfoot:
Metis excluded from Treaties (1877).
The Canadian government’s response to an 1877 petition from a group of Métis further illustrates the perceived difference between the Indians and the Métis, and the exclusion of the Métis from the purview of Indian treaties. The Métis petitioners requested a grant of farming implements and seeds, and the relaxed enforcement of game laws to enable them to recover economically from the small-pox epidemic of 1870. David Laird, the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Territories, responded to the petition. He concluded by declaring:
Treaty 8 (1899).
Commissioner David Laird, as cited in Daniel, "The Spirit and Terms of Treaty Eight", at p. 76, told the Lesser Slave Lake Indians in 1899:

</doc>
<doc id="2907804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907804" title="Andover Central High School">
Andover Central High School

Andover Central High School is a public secondary school in Andover, Kansas, USA operated by Unified School District 385, and serves students of grades 9 to 12. It is located southeast of Central and Andover Road. 
Class size is small, normally no more than 30 in a class and about 180 in a graduating class. There are approximately 800 students in attendance at Andover Central High School. The school is located next to ACMS (Andover Central Middle School) and north of Sunflower Elementary School. The head principal is Cheryl Hochhalter, the assistant principal/athletic director is Doug Carr, and the assistant principal/activities director is Brian Gregoire.
Extracurricular activities.
The Jaguars compete in the Ark Valley Chisholm Trail League and are classified as a 5A school, the second-largest classification in Kansas according to the Kansas State High School Activities Association. Throughout its history, Andover Central has won six state championships in various sports. Andover Central has been very productive since its inception in 2001. The varsity baseball team has had a lot of success with multiple runners-up finishes. Both the boys' and girls' basketball teams have placed second in the state championship. The girls basketball team won the 4A state championship in the 2007–08 season with a 26–0 record and won the 5A state championship in 2010. The boys' golf team has won state three times, occurring in 2003, 2006, and 2009. In 2009, the boys basketball team made it to the state tournament. In 2014, the school Scholar's Bowl team won both its 4A regional tournament and then the 4A state championship; the only ACHS Scholar's Bowl team to do so. 
Andover Central has an arts program for music and theatre. With over 250 members, there are several choirs including Men's Chorus, Ladies Chorus, Concert Choir and New Generation (Show Choir). They produce multiple shows throughout the academic year. These choirs regularly win competition awards and members of the choir are named to the state Honor's Choir yearly. There is a Tri-M chapter (Music Honor Society) and the choir takes a yearly trip out of state. There are multiple opportunities with Marching, Concert and Honors Band and these perform numerous times throughout the year in a wide variety of venues including Greater Andover Days, concerts, solo/ensemble contests, ballgames (football, basketball), etc. The theatre program produces one play (Such as: Blithe Spirit, The Heiress, Secret Garden, etc.)and one musical (These have included: Le Miserables, Beauty and the Beast, Sweeney Todd, Aida, etc.)each year. The Thespian club is very active and members attend the Kansas Thespian Conference yearly. The Band provides live music for all the performances.

</doc>
<doc id="2907810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907810" title="United States Congress Joint Committee on Taxation">
United States Congress Joint Committee on Taxation

The Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) is a Committee of the U.S. Congress established under the Internal Revenue Code at .
Structure.
The Joint Committee is composed of ten Members: five from the Senate Finance Committee and five from the House Ways and Means Committee.
The Joint Committee is chaired on a rotating basis by the Chair of the Senate Finance Committee and the Chair of the House Ways and Means Committee. During the first Session of each Congress the House has the joint committee chair and the Senate has the vice-chair; during the second session the roles are reversed.
The Members of the Joint Committee choose the Chief of Staff of the Joint Committee, who is responsible for selecting the remainder of the staff on a nonpartisan basis. Since May 15, 2009, the Chief of Staff of the Joint Committee has been Thomas A. Barthold.
Duties.
The duties of the Joint Committee are:
With respect to the estimation of revenues for Congress, the Joint Committee serves a purpose parallel to that of the Congressional Budget Office for the estimation of spending for Congress, the Department of the Treasury for the estimation of revenues for the executive branch, and the Office of Management of Budget for the estimation of spending for the executive branch.
History.
In 1924, Senator James Couzens (Michigan) introduced a resolution in the Senate for the creation of a Select Committee to investigate the Bureau of Internal Revenue. At the time, there were reports of inefficiency and waste in the Bureau and allegations that the method of making refunds created the opportunity for fraud. One of the issues investigated by the Select Committee was the valuation of oil properties. The Committee found that there appeared to be no system, no adherence to principle, and a total absence of competent supervision in the determination of oil property values.
In 1925, after making public charges that millions of tax dollars were being lost through the favorable treatment of large corporations by the Bureau, Senator Couzens was notified by the Bureau that he owed more than $10 million in back taxes. Then Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon was believed to be personally responsible for the retaliation against Senator Couzens. At the time, Secretary Mellon was the principal owner of Gulf Oil, which had benefited from rulings specifically criticized by Senator Couzens.
The investigations by the Senate Select Committee led, in the Revenue Act of 1926, to the creation of the Joint Committee on Internal Revenue Taxation. The select committee emphasized
As originally conceived by the House, a temporary "Joint Commission on Taxation" was to be created to "investigate and report upon the operation, effects, and administration of the Federal system of income and other internal revenue taxes and upon any proposals or measures which in the judgment of the Commission may be employed to simplify or improve the operation or administration of such systems of taxes...".(1)
The Senate expanded significantly the functions contemplated by the House and transformed the proposed Joint Commission to a Joint Committee with a permanent staff. The Senate version was incorporated into the Revenue Act of 1926 and the Joint Committee was created.(3)
The first Chief of Staff of the Joint Committee on Internal Revenue Taxation was L.H. Parker, who had been the chief investigator on Senator Couzens' Select Senate Committee. The Revenue Act of 1926 required the Joint Committee on Internal Revenue Taxation to publish from time to time for public examination and analysis proposed measures and methods for the simplification of internal revenue taxes and required the Joint Committee to provide a written report to the House and Senate by December 31, 1927, with such recommendations as it deemed advisable. The Joint Committee published its initial report on November 15, 1927, and made various recommendations to simplify the federal tax system, including a recommendation for the restructuring of the federal income tax title.
In the Revenue Act of 1928, the Joint Committee's authority was extended to the review of all refunds or credits of any income, war-profits, excess-profits, or estate or gift tax in excess of $75,000. In addition, the Act required the Joint Committee to make an annual report to the Congress with respect to such refunds and credits, including the names of all persons and corporations to whom amounts are credited or payments are made, together with the amounts credit or paid to each.
Since 1928, the threshold for review of large tax refunds has been increased from $75,000 to $2 million in various steps and the taxes to which such review applies has been expanded. Other than that, the Joint Committee's responsibilities under the Internal Revenue Code have remained essentially unchanged since 1928.
While the statutory mandate of the Joint Committee has not changed significantly, the tax legislative process, however, has.
Members, 113th Congress.
There are five members of each house on the committee, which has no subcommittees. Every two years the chairmanship and vice-chairmanship rotate between the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="2907813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907813" title="Batsto, New Jersey">
Batsto, New Jersey

Batsto is an unincorporated community located primarily within Washington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the ZIP Code Tabulation Area for ZIP Code 08037 had a population of 24,308.

</doc>
<doc id="2907817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907817" title="Jimmy Maher">
Jimmy Maher

James Patrick Maher (born 27 February 1974 in Innisfail, Queensland) is a former Australian cricketer. He is "an attractive left-handed batsman with a clumping cover-drive".
He was first selected to play for Australia in two one-day matches in 1997–98, due to illness and injury respectively to Mark Waugh and Steve Waugh, but his performances were unspectacular. The following two seasons were a prolific pair for Maher playing for Queensland, a time which included a period at Glamorgan. In 2001–02, he became the first batsman to reach 1000 runs in the Pura Cup.
He came back into the international fold in 2002, after the Waugh brothers were sacked following an ODI season in which Australia failed to make the finals of the triangular ODI series. He responded with a steady innings of 95 against South Africa. He was included in the Australian ODI squad as a spare batsman and as a fill-in wicketkeeper for the next few seasons, including the 2003 Cricket World Cup, but never managed to obtain a regular place in the side.
On 11 February 2007 Maher was criticised by South Australian cricket captain Darren Lehmann for not declaring to make a game of their Pura Cup match at the Gabba. Lehmann said he thought he was playing Tasmania referring to Tasmania's reliance on final day run chases.
On 25 February 2007, Maher was named Man of the Match in the Ford Rangers Cup Final against the Victorian Bushrangers after making 108 from 133 balls. The Queensland Bulls went on to win the match by 21 runs. It was the third time that he had scored a century for Queensland in a One Day domestic final. He retired from all types of cricket at the end of the Australian 2007–08 domestic season. Soon afterwards, he joined the Zee Telefilms' rebel Indian Cricket League, playing for the Hyderabad Heroes as an opening batsman.
Having spent two season at Durham Maher played for Glamorgan in 2007 after supporters funded the signing.
Maher caused controversy in 1995 following Queensland's Sheffield Shield win over South Australia, when he said during a television interview "I'm as full as a coon's Valiant". Indigenous Australians criticised Maher for his statement and its racial undertone. Maher later publicly apologised over the statement.

</doc>
<doc id="2907830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907830" title="Xysticus">
Xysticus

Xysticus is a genus of ground crab spiders described by C. L. Koch in 1835, belonging to the order Araneae, family Thomisidae. The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek root "xyst", meaning "scraped, scraper".
__TOC__
Distribution.
The genus "Xysticus" is distributed almost worldwide, but has not been recorded from South America. Of the about 360 species of the genus currently described, about 71 are present in Europe.
Description.
"Xysticus" and "Coriarachne" are dark brown or reddish-brown crab spiders often encountered on weeds or trees. While similar to the 'flower spiders', they tend to have shorter, sturdier legs. Many, but not all, species have abdomens more patterned than most "Thomisus" species, rather like some of the "Synema" species. Some however, that are more terrestrial, resemble earth in colour and texture.
Most species of the genus Xysticus are small to medium sized spiders. They show a sexual dimorphism in size. Females of typical species reach a maximum of of body length, while their males are about long, about half the size of the females. 
The basic colour of these species is usually brown, beige or gray. The prosoma is sometimes slightly smaller than the opisthosoma. In many species the front body shows in the middle a broad, pale longitudinal band. The opisthosoma is clearly flattened in most species and shows a median broad and dark leaf marking.
The species are often very similar to each other, and in most cases can be distinguished only by a microscopic examination of the reproductive organs.
Behaviour.
The spiders of the genus "Xysticus" do not build webs; like most Thomisidae they are ambush hunters and prefer to hunt near the ground (hence the common name "ground crab spiders"). They move slowly, and commonly hunt by stationing themselves in a high-traffic area and grabbing whatever arthropod passes close enough. Also like most other Thomisidae, they seize prey with their enlarged anterior two pairs of legs and kill it by a venomous bite.

</doc>
<doc id="2907838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907838" title="Harbor Lights">
Harbor Lights

"Harbour Lights" is a popular song by Hugh Williams (pseudonym for Will Grosz) with lyrics by Jimmy Kennedy. This song was originally sung by Frances Langford in 1937, and was published again in 1950.
The song has been recorded by many artists; charting versions were recorded by Sammy Kaye, Guy Lombardo, Bing Crosby, Ray Anthony, Ralph Flanagan, Elvis Presley, The Platters (peaking at #8 on the "Billboard" charts in 1960), and Ken Griffin. Other versions were recorded by The Ink Spots, Lawrence Welk, Willie Nelson, Vera Lynn and Jon Rauhouse. A Polish version titled "Portowe światła", with lyrics by Herold (pseudonym for Henryk Szpilman), was recorded in 1938 by Mieczysław Fogg (released as Syrena Electro 2035), shortly after World War II by Tadeusz Miller (released as Melodje 118), and by Irena Santor in 1966 (released as Muza XL0311).
The biggest-selling version was recorded by the Sammy Kaye orchestra. The recording was released by Columbia Records as a 78 rpm single and a 45 rpm single. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on September 1, 1950 and lasted 25 weeks, peaking at #1.
The Guy Lombardo orchestra recording of August 24, 1950 was released by Decca Records. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on October 6, 1950 and lasted 20 weeks, peaking at #2.
The Bing Crosby recording was released by Decca Records. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on November 3, 1950 and lasted 11 weeks, peaking at #10.
The Ray Anthony orchestra recording was released by Capitol Records. The flip side was "Nevertheless". The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on October 20, 1950 and lasted 15 weeks on the chart, peaking at #15.
The Ralph Flanagan orchestra recording was released by RCA Victor Records. The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on October 27, 1950 and lasted 5 weeks, peaking at #27.
The Ken Griffin recording was released by Columbia Records. The record reached the "Billboard" charts on October 20, 1950 and lasted only one week, charting at #27.
The Marco T. y Los Gatos Montañeros recording was released by Tulsan Records Private on September 14, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2907841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907841" title="Roundtail horned lizard">
Roundtail horned lizard

The roundtail horned lizard (Phrynosoma modestum) is one of the smaller species of horned lizard. Their specific epithet is from the Latin word "modestum", meaning modest or calm. They are found in the United States, in western Texas, New Mexico eastern Arizona, southeastern Colorado and eight states in northcentral Mexico where they are referred to as ""tapayaxtin"".
Habitat.
Roundtail horned lizards prefer a sandy, semiarid habitat with sparse vegetation, near harvester ant or especially honeypot ant colonies, which is their primary diet.
Description.
The color of roundtail horned lizards usually reflects the color of the soil in their native habitat. Most are uniformly grey in color, but they can also be light brown, or even a pale yellow. Often, darker-colored regions occur around the neck and groin, and sometimes striping on the tail.
They are short, flat, round-bodied lizards with short limbs, and small heads, which have a distinctive crest of nearly equal-length horns. Unlike other horned lizards, they lack a fringe of lateral scales and do not seek to flatten themselves to the ground to eliminate shadow; instead, they hunch their bodies into the shape of a rock for camouflage, boldly casting a shadow.
Their maximum size is 7 cm (2.7 in) snout-to-vent length, and 10.5 cm (4.3 in) total length.
Reproduction.
Roundtail horned lizards are oviparous, breeding and laying eggs in early summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2907843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907843" title="Matt Harding">
Matt Harding

Matthew "Matt" Harding (born September 27, 1976), is an American traveler, video game designer, and Internet celebrity known as Dancing Matt for his viral videos that show him dancing in front of landmarks and street scenes in various international locations. Harding has since received widespread coverage of his travel exploits in major print and broadcast media outlets, and was hired by Visa to star in their "Travel Happy" campaign.
He is originally from Westport, Connecticut.
Videogame developer.
He began his game industry career working for a video game specialty store called Cutting Edge Entertainment. Harding later worked as an editor for "GameWeek Magazine" in Wilton, Connecticut, and then as a software developer for Activision in Santa Monica, California and then Brisbane, Queensland.
Harding claims that a sarcastic joke about the popularity of shoot 'em up games led Pandemic Studios to develop the game "Destroy All Humans!", on which he received a conceptual credit. Saying he "didn't want to spend two years of my life writing a game about killing everyone", he quit his job and began traveling, leading to the production of his first video.
Where the Hell is Matt? videos.
"Where the Hell is Matt?" is an Internet phenomenon that features a video of Dancing Matt (Matt Harding) doing a dance "jig" in many different places around the world in 2005. The background music in the video is the song Sweet Lullaby Dancing Remix by Deep Forest. The video garnered popularity on the video sharing site YouTube. There are now five major videos plus outtakes and background videos on YouTube.
In 2007, Jawed Karim, one of the founders of YouTube, stated that Harding's video was his favorite on YouTube at that time.
Videogame development credits.
Harding's development credits include:

</doc>
<doc id="2907848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907848" title="Area code 435">
Area code 435

North American Area Code 435 is a telephone area code which covers all of the U.S. state of Utah outside the Wasatch Front (which includes the Salt Lake City, Ogden, and Provo metropolitan areas in northern Utah). It split from the 801 area code on September 21, 1997, and includes Beaver, Brigham City, Castle Dale, Cedar City, Coalville, Duchense, Fillmore, Heber City, Hurricane, Junction, Kanab, Loa, Logan, Manila, Manti, Moab, Monticello, Nephi, Park City, Panguitch, Parowan, Price, Randolph, Richfield, St. George, Tooele, Washington, and Vernal. Before Area Code 435 entered service, 801 had been Utah's sole area code for half a century.

</doc>
<doc id="2907851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907851" title="Hartge">
Hartge

Hartge is a third party car tuning company specializing in BMW, MINI and Range Rover cars. Founded in 1971 in Merzig, Germany, the company moved to its current location in Beckingen in 1974. The company is known for putting larger, more powerful factory BMW engines in smaller cars, such as engines from the 5 Series into the smaller 3 Series. In 1985 Hartge was granted manufacture status and all vehicles built from then on received a Hartge Motorsport VIN plate in place on the BMW VIN plate.

</doc>
<doc id="2907862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907862" title="Richard Bulstrode">
Richard Bulstrode

Sir Richard Bulstrode (1610 – 3 October 1711) was an English author, diplomat and soldier, a son of Edward Bulstrode (1588-1659).
Life and family.
Richard Bulstrode was born at Astley, Warwickshire, and educated at Pembroke College, Cambridge. After studying law in London he joined the army of Charles I on the outbreak of the Civil War in 1642. In 1673 he became a resident agent of Charles II at Brussels; in 1675 he was knighted; then following James II into exile he died at St. Germain on 3 October 1711. Bulstrode is chiefly known by his "Memoirs and Reflections upon the Reign and Government of King Charles I". He wrote the "Life of James II", and "Original Letters written to the Earl of Arlington" (1712). The latter consists principally of letters written from Brussels giving an account of the important events which took place in the Netherlands during 1674.
His second son, Whitelocke Bulstrode (1650-1724), remained in England after the flight of James II; he held some official positions, and in 1717 wrote a pamphlet in support of George I and the Hanoverian succession. He published "A Discourse of Natural Philosophy", and was a prominent Protestant controversialist. He died in London on 27 November 1724.

</doc>
<doc id="2907870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907870" title="Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza">
Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza

Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza (born November 13, 1935) is a Mexican politician who served as Governor of the State of Mexico.
Pichardo served in the Cabinet of President Miguel de la Madrid as general comptroller and in the cabinet of President Ernesto Zedillo as Secretary of Energy. He has also served as Mexican Ambassador.
He is a member and former President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
He is father of Alfonso Pichardo, lead singer of Mexican electronica group Moenia. And he is a nephew of Juan Josafat Pichardo Cruz, who was the first Rector or the Universidad Autónoma del Estado de México UAEM.

</doc>
<doc id="2907874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907874" title="Hucknall station">
Hucknall station

Hucknall station is a railway station and tram stop in Hucknall, Nottinghamshire, England.
It is located on the Robin Hood Line north of Nottingham and is also the northern terminus of the Nottingham Express Transit.
The station has park and ride facilities. TrentBarton Connect Red/Blue bus services connect passengers to the town centre and the western estates, stopping adjacent to the tramstop. TrentBarton 141 service connect passengers to the town centre, the eastern estate and the surrounding villages, stopping on the roadbridge above the station, or adjacent to the Tesco Extra.
The Tesco Extra and the Ashgate Retail Park (Argos, Home Bargains and Kennelgate) are located close to the station.
Services.
Rail.
Monday to Saturday daytimes, there is a half-hourly service from Hucknall to Nottingham (southbound) and Mansfield Woodhouse (northbound) with one train an hour extending to Worksop. 
Evenings there is an hourly service in each direction to Worksop. On Sundays there is an hourly service in both directions with only four northbound services extending to Worksop.
There is also one daily service Mondays to Fridays from Mansfield Woodhouse directly to Norwich, however there is no returning train.
From 12 July the first service in the morning and the last service back on a Sunday will be extended to Skegness, providing the opportunity for a day out in Skegness by rail.
Tram.
All timetabled trams continue to Station Street. Trams running to/from the depot (Wilkinson Street) whilst carrying passengers are not shown on the timetable. When phase two of the tram network opens to the public, Line 1 will go from here to Station Street as normal, but then continue to Toton Lane (Chilwell) via QMC and Beeston.
Mondays-Fridays
Saturdays
Sundays and Bank Holidays

</doc>
<doc id="2907875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907875" title="Agasaya">
Agasaya

Agasaya, "The Shrieker," was a Semitic war goddess who was merged into Ishtar in her identity as warrior of the sky.

</doc>
<doc id="2907888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907888" title="Area code 208">
Area code 208

208 is the North American telephone area code for all of Idaho.
Because of its small population, Idaho is among a declining number of North American jurisdictions with only one area code. It is also one of the few whole-state area codes split between multiple LATAs—Southern Idaho (centered in Boise and spilling into Nevada, Wyoming and Malheur County, Oregon) and Coeur d'Alene (spilling into Montana and Washington). Additionally, the Spokane, Washington LATA spills into central Idaho.
In 2001, the Federal Communications Commission projected the 208 area code would be exhausted in 2003. Due to the multi-LATA structure of 208, several numbers in Montana's 406, Wyoming's 307, northern Nevada's 775, eastern Oregon's 541 and eastern Washington's 509 weren't available for use. However, in 2002 the Idaho Public Utilities Commission was able to successfully delay a split by implementing number pooling in Boise. In 2007 number pooling was implemented throughout Idaho to stave off projected exhaustion in 2010.
There are currently no plans to split or overlay the 208 area code.

</doc>
<doc id="2907890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907890" title="Seecamp">
Seecamp

L. W. Seecamp Co., Inc. is a manufacturer of handmade pocket pistols located in Milford, Connecticut from 1981 to present. 
History.
L. W. Seecamp Co., Inc. was started as a pistol smithing company in 1973 specializing in double action conversions for the 1911 Colt .45. At the time, there were no commercially available DA 1911's anywhere in the world.
In 1978, Seecamp specialized in the miniaturization of pistols. The Seecamp patented spring system is currently used in almost every locked breech miniaturized semi auto pistol. 
In 1981 Seecamp ventured into firearms manufacturing, beginning with the LWS-25.
Models.
All Seecamp pistols are double action only (DAO), and are similar in size. Barrel length is , and weight is . Grips are glass-filled nylon and checkered. These pistols are not equipped with sights because they are intended for use at close range. The Seecamp, like the Czechoslovakian CZ 45 pistol, utilizes a very compact and reliable DAO trigger mechanism. Each pull of the trigger first cocks then releases the hammer. The hammer follows the slide after each shot and rests in the down position.
The original Seecamp model was the LWS-25 chambered in .25 ACP and manufactured from 1981 through 1985, with a total production of about 5000 units. It used traditional blowback operation with a magazine capacity of 7 rounds. The .25 ACP model was dropped shortly after the introduction of the .32 ACP version.
Seecamp's second model, the LWS-32 was designed around the only hollow point [.32 ACP]] ammunition available at the time, Winchester Silvertips. Ammunition with an overall length exceeding 0.910" (23.1mm) may not feed or chamber correctly. Operation is through chamber-ring delayed blowback where a raised ring at the rear of the chamber retards the rearward motion of the slide. This model uses a magazine with a capacity of 6 rounds. The LWS-32 remains Seecamp's most popular firearm. During the height of demand, production guns were selling out years in advance with individual guns selling for up to US$1000.
There were 20 sets made in both .25 ACP and .32 ACP with matching serial numbers in 1988.
In 1999 Seecamp introduced a third model, the LWS-380 chambered in .380 ACP. The LWS-380 is the same size as the LWS-32.
Influence.
In 1997, North American Arms introduced their Guardian pistol in .32 ACP to compete with Seecamp and Rocky Bannister of Autauga Arms released a near clone of the Seecamp LWS-32. Seecamp sales remained unaffected despite the availability of a near clone alternative. Further competition is provided by Kel-Tec in the form of their P32 and P3AT polymer-framed pistols which are bigger in profile but lighter and thinner. Unlike the Seecamp, the North American Arms and Kel-Tec versions have rudimentary sights.

</doc>
<doc id="2907891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907891" title="Saint Quentin">
Saint Quentin

Saint Quentin (died circa 287 AD), Quintinus in Latin, also known as Quentin of Amiens, is an early Christian saint. No real details are known of his life.
Hagiography.
Martyrdom.
The legend of his life has him as a Roman citizen who was martyred in Gaul. He is said to have been the son of a man named Zeno, who had senatorial rank. Filled with apostolic zeal, Quentin traveled to Gaul as a missionary with Saint Lucian, who was later martyred at Beauvais and others (the martyrs Victoricus and Fuscian are said to have been Quentin's followers). Quentin settled at Amiens and performed many miracles there. 
Because of his preaching, he was imprisoned by the "prefect" Rictiovarus, who had traveled to Amiens from Trier. Quentin was manacled, tortured repeatedly, but refused to abjure his faith. The prefect left Amiens to go to Reims, the capital of "Gallia Belgica", where he wanted Quentin judged. But, on the way, in a town named "Augusta Veromanduorum" (now Saint-Quentin, Aisne), Quentin miraculously escaped and again started his preaching. Rictiovarus decided to interrupt his journey and pass sentence: Quentin was tortured again, then beheaded and thrown secretly into the marshes around the Somme, by Roman soldiers.
First "inventio".
Fifty-five years later, a blind woman named Eusebia, born of a senatorial family, came from Rome (following a divine order) and miraculously discovered ("inventio" : discovery) the body. The intact remains of Quentin came into view, arising from the water and emanating an "odor of sanctity" . She buried his body at the top of a mountain near "Augusta Veromanduorum" (because the chariot where the saint's body lay could not go further). She built a small chapel to protect the tomb and recovered her sight.
Second "inventio".
The life of bishop Saint Eligius (mainly written in the seventh c.), says that the exact place of the tomb was forgotten and that the bishop, after several days of digging in the church, miraculously found it. When he found the tomb, the sky night was lit and the "odor of sanctity" was evident. This was said to be in 641. Recent archaeological research shows this to be false, because the location of the tomb had been marked by a sort of wooden monument since the middle of the fourth or the beginning of the fifth century.
Eligius distributed the nails with which Quentin's body had been pierced, as well as some saint's teeth and hair. As he was a skillful goldsmith, he placed the relics in a shrine he had fashioned himself. He also rebuilt the church (now the Saint-Quentin basilica).
Cult.
The cult of Saint Quentin was important during the Middle Ages, especially in Northern France - as evidenced by the considerable number of place names derived from the saint's (see Saint-Quentin (disambiguation)). The tomb was an important place of pilgrimage, highly favoured by Carolingians (the church was one of the richest in Picardy).
This cult has three feasts:
October 31: martyrdom
June 24 : first "inventio"
January 3 : second "inventio"

</doc>
<doc id="2907898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907898" title="Codnor">
Codnor

Codnor is a Derbyshire village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district, and a former mining community, with a population of nearly 5,000. It is approximately 12 miles from the city of Derby and 14 miles from Nottingham by road. 
History.
It is listed in an entry in the Domesday Book of 1086, the great survey commissioned by William the Conqueror. A mill and church were mentioned, and also the fact that "Warner holds it". Coalmining had a long history locally, and was, at one time, responsible for subsidence damage to some buildings.Opencast mining is still in operation today within the area and the land around the castle has also been subject to this. The adjoining farm is currently for sale with planning permission for residential development.
One mile east of the village centre is Codnor Castle; the original Norman earthwork 'motte and bailey' was built by William Peveril, (Peveril of the Peak, who also built the better known Peveril Castle at Castleton). The 13th century stone structure which replaced it is now in ruins. The castle was formerly held by the powerful de Grey family. The castle overlooks the valley of the little River Erewash, which forms the county boundary between Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire, and the now defunct section of the Cromford Canal. The castle was the subject of an investigation by archaeological television programme "Time Team" - first aired on 6 January 2008 - which discovered many new facts about the structure, as well as unearthing a solid gold coin, a 'noble' of Henry V. 
At one time, the village had a railway station (Crosshill and Codnor) which was operated as part of the Midland Railway. The branch line was torn up when colliery traffic waned, and the only signs of it that are now left are a converted station yard and some embankments.
Codnor also had three Methodist chapels, all in the Ripley Circuit, as well as the Anglican church of St James, at Crosshill. The village was also the birthplace of the noted Victorian phrenologist 'Professor' Joseph Millott Severn, who authored the book "My Village: Owd Codnor" and funded a set of alms houses in the centre of the village, which still stand to this day.
In recent years, the village has had traffic problems, especially in the rush hour, and traffic coming into Codnor can sometimes be at a complete stand-still. This is because the A610 (the main road to/from Nottingham) goes through Codnor, carrying traffic to Ripley, and further places such as Matlock. Codnor also used to be served by trams; the 'Ripley Rattler' (so-called), used to travel between that town and Nottingham. These were quite notorious, and were even the subject of a short story - "Tickets Please" - by local writer D. H. Lawrence (born 4 miles away, in Eastwood). The standards, which had carried the electric power lines for the trams, and the later trolley buses, were not removed until the early 1960s.
Codnor is close to the larger communities of Ripley and Heanor.
Sport.
Codnor has its own golf club, Ormonde Fields.
Codnor has a cricket club which has been in existence since 1924. Whilst having some difficult times in the early stages of the club, the club now plays at a competitive standard in the Derbyshire county league and fields both a 1st and 2nd eleven as well as two youth teams. The club currently play on Goose Lane, which used to be home to Codnor Miners Welfare before it was shut down in 2007.
Codnor also has two football teams. There is Codnor FC, who play in the Derby City Football League, and Codnor Miners FC - who play in the East Midlands Senior League [http://www.leaguewebsite.co.uk/eastmidlandsseniorleague/leaguetable.pl][http://codnorminersfootballclub.weebly.com/index.html]
Red, White and Blue Festival.
The British National Party held its Red, White and Blue festival from 2007-2009 off Codnor-Denby Lane, to the south of Codnor. It was cancelled in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2907901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907901" title="Macronucleus">
Macronucleus

A macronucleus (formerly also meganucleus) is the larger type of nucleus in ciliates. Macronuclei are polyploid and undergo direct division without mitosis. It controls the non-reproductive cell functions, the everyday tasks, such as metabolism. During conjugation, the macronucleus disintegrates, and a new macronucleus is formed by karyogamy of the micronuclei. 
The macronucleus contains hundreds of chromosomes, each present in many copies. The macronucleus lacks a mechanism to precisely partition this complex genome equally during nuclear division; thus how the cell manages to maintain a balanced genome after generations of divisions is a mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="2907905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907905" title="OpenEye Scientific Software">
OpenEye Scientific Software

OpenEye Scientific Software develops large-scale molecular modelling applications and toolkits.
Scope.
Primarily geared towards drug discovery and design, areas of application include structure generation, docking, shape comparison, charge/electrostatics, cheminformatics and visualization. The software is designed for scientific rigor, as well as speed, scalability and platform independence.
OpenEye makes much of its technology available as toolkits suitable for custom development.
Toolkits.
Programming libraries providing other applications with object-oriented accessibility to a given set of capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2907916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907916" title="SciTegic">
SciTegic

SciTegic was a San Diego-based software company that developed and marketed informatics software to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
History.
The company was founded in February, 1999 by Mathew A. Hahn and David Rogers. Mathew Hahn and David Rogers came from the bioinformatics software company Molecular Simulations.
In 2004 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Accelrys after a 21.5 million dollar deal.
Pipeline Pilot.
Pipeline pilot was designed to reduce the manual data entry and transfer steps required of computational chemists and project chemists in screening and modeling workflows. A streamlined workflow could then be used by bench scientists and reduce the need to interact with multiple software packages to one interface.
Creating Pipeline Pilot, SciTegic has pioneered a technology approach called "Data Pipelining" to flexibly process drug discovery data. This software uses a visual and dataflow programming language much like LabVIEW for piping input and output of commands together to build a pipeline to transform any number of inputs (raw data) into any number of outputs (e.g., a spreadsheet tying together the results of multiple experiments).
Mathew Hahn assumed technical leadership roles, including Chief Technology Officer, for Accelrys after the acquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="2907931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907931" title="Harrison &amp; Harrison">
Harrison &amp; Harrison

Harrison & Harrison Ltd are a British company that make and restore pipe organs, based in Durham and established in 1861. They are well known for their work on instruments such as King's College Cambridge, Westminster Abbey and the Royal Festival Hall.
History of the firm.
Thomas Harrison established an organ building company in 1861 in Rochdale, then moved to Durham in 1872. The company was moderately successful but did not achieve real success until 1896 when Thomas's sons Arthur and Harry took over. Harry designed the organs and Arthur proved to be a particularly gifted voicer, resulting in commissions for rebuilds of several great organs including Durham Cathedral, the Grand Organ at the Royal Albert Hall and new commissions including Westminster Abbey.
Arthur Harrison died in 1936 and Harry retired in 1946. The company passed to Harry's son Cuthbert. The firm was led by Mark Venning from 1975-2011, and he was succeeded as Managing Director by Dr Christopher Batchelor in 2011.
In the postwar period Harrisons contributed significantly to the renaissance of classical organ building; their instruments for the Royal Festival Hall (designed in close collaboration with Ralph Downes) and St Albans Abbey (for Peter Hurford) are of particular importance.
A history of the firm titled 'The Harrison Story' was published in 1974 by Laurence Elvin

</doc>
<doc id="2907945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907945" title="ICD-10 Procedure Coding System">
ICD-10 Procedure Coding System

The ICD-10 Procedure Coding System (ICD-10-PCS) is an International system of medical classification used for procedural coding. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency responsible for maintaining the inpatient procedure code set in the U.S., contracted with 3M Health Information Systems in 1993 to design and then develop a procedure classification system to replace Volume 3 of ICD-9-CM. ICD-9-CM contains a procedure classification; ICD-10-CM does not. ICD-10-PCS is the result. ICD-10-PCS was initially released in 1998. It has been updated annually since that time. 
Section structure.
Each code consists of seven alphanumeric characters. The second through seventh characters mean the same thing within each section, but may mean different things in other sections. Each character can be any of 34 possible values the ten digits 0-9 and the 24 letters A-H,J-N and P-Z may be used in each character. The letters O and I excluded to avoid confusion with the numbers 0 and 1. There are no decimals in ICD-10-PCS
Of the 72,081 codes in ICD-10-PCS, 62,022 are in the first section, "Medical and surgical".
Root operations.
For medical/surgical, these are the root operation codes: 
00 alteration; 01 bypass; 02 change; 03 control; 04 creation; 05 destruction; 06 detachment; 07 dilation; 08 division; 09 drainage; 0B excision; 0C extirpation; 0D extraction; 0F fragmentation; 0G fusion; 0H insertion; 0J inspection; 0K map; 0L occlusion; 0M reattachment; 0N release; 0P removal; 0Q repair; 0R replacement; 0S reposition; 0T resection; 0U supplement ; 0V restriction; 0X transfer; 0Y transplantation
They can be grouped into several categories:
Regions.
Regions: 0 Head; 1 Cervical, 2 Thoracic, 3 Lumbar, 4 Sacrum, 5 Pelvis, 6 Lower extremities, 7 Upper extremities, 8 Rib cage, 9 Abdomen

</doc>
<doc id="2907947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907947" title="Computational Chemistry List">
Computational Chemistry List

The Computational Chemistry List (CCL) was established on January 11, 1991, as an independent electronic forum for chemistry researchers and educators from around the world. According to the forum's web site, it is estimated that more than 3000 members in more than 50 countries are reading CCL messages regularly, and the discussions cover all aspects of computational chemistry. The list is widely supported and used by the computational chemistry community. The list also hosts many resources on computational chemistry. For example, it hosted a pre-publication version of "Computational Chemistry" by David Young.

</doc>
<doc id="2907949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907949" title="Membranelle">
Membranelle

"Membranelles" (also "membranellae") are structures found around the mouth, or cytostome, in ciliate protists. They are typically arranged in series, to form an "adoral zone of membranelles," or AZM, on the left side of the buccal cavity (peristome). The membranelles are made up of kinetosomes arranged in groups to make up "polykinetids". The cilia which emerge from these structures appear to fused and to function as a single membrane, which can be used to sweep particles of food into the cytostome, or for locomotion. 

</doc>
<doc id="2907956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907956" title="Covenant Code">
Covenant Code

The Covenant Code, or The Book of the Covenant, is the name given by academics to a text appearing in the Torah at Exodus - . Biblically, the text is the second of the law codes given to Moses by God at Mount Sinai. This legal text provides a small, but substantive proportion of the mitzvot within the Torah, and hence is a source of Jewish Law.
Academic context.
According to the modern documentary hypothesis, the text was originally independent, but later embedded by the Elohist ("E") in their writings. In biblical criticism, the code is understood to be the Elohist's version of the legal code which the Jahwist ("J") presents as the Ritual Decalogue. In the combined JE source, supposed by such critical scholarship, these two texts appear together, with the Ritual Decalogue appearing to be a summary version. Such academic study also supposes that the Elohist version had the Covenant Code being written on the two tablets of the law, whereas in JE, it is only the Ritual Decalogue which has this feature.
The original Priestly Source, according to the documentary hypothesis, then rewrote this to support their own ideas of law, replacing the Ritual Decalogue with the Ethical Decalogue (or the Ten Commandments), and the Covenant Code with the Holiness Code. After accretion of much extra legal material over a course of time, the resulting version of the Priestly source was combined with the JE source, its law code consequently appearing, in the torah, to be God's replacement, and expansion, of the earlier two codes after the incident of the Golden Calf, in which the first pair of the tablets of law were destroyed.
The form and content of the code is similar to many of the other codes from the near east of the early first millennium BC, in particular the Hammurabi code of Babylon. According to many scholars, such as Martin Noth and Albrecht Alt, the covenant code probably originated as a civil code with the Canaanites, and was altered to add Hebrew religious practices. Other scholars such as Michael Coogan see a noticeable difference between the Covenant Code and the non-biblical codes like the Code of Hammurabi. The Covenant Code consists largely of case or Casuistic Law (case law, often in the form of a conditional sentence, which specific situations are addressed), which deals particularly with Exodus 21:33-36. The Apodictic laws (a type of law characterized by absolute or general commands or prohibitions, as in the Ten Commandments) on the other hand are more general and the Covenant Code contains some of these as well, for example in Exodus 21:17. The Covenant Code, like other biblical codes, differs from these by including among the laws dealing with criminal and civil matters various regulations concerning worship. Both, however, set the laws in an explicitly religious context.
Provenance.
It is much debated within academic circles whether the Ritual Decalogue, or the Covenant Code, was the original form, as they have a strong resemblance to one another. It is certainly the case that the Covenant Code resembles an expansion of the Ritual Decalogue, but conversely, the Ritual Decalogue resembles a summarizing of the Covenant Code. Nevertheless, it is equally possible that both of these codes were independently constructed, based on shared, or at least similar, underlying actual laws, or religious ideals.
Evident values.
The Covenant Code portrays the values of the society in which it was produced, some of which are different from Western twentieth-century values.
With the ancient cultural view of women as property of men, the casuistic law regarding the seduced virgin in Exodus 22:16-17 portrays a woman who, as the property of her father, has had her value diminished by the loss of her virginity. However, this law still calls for restitution to be paid by the man who seduced her. A second example comes from Exodus 21:20-21, which describes the punishment required for a slave owner who strikes his slave with a rod. If the slave survives his or her injuries there is no punishment required because he or she does not have the same rights as Israelite males. 
In some instances, the values represented in the Covenant Code are more similar to present-day, Western values. Two examples include the placing of mothers on the same level as fathers in Exodus 21:15,17, and providing for special care of members of lesser social classes, including converts
, widows and orphans (Exodus 22:21-22).

</doc>
<doc id="2907958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907958" title="Ducati Multistrada">
Ducati Multistrada

The Multistrada is a model of motorcycle introduced by Ducati in 2003. The word Multistrada is Italian for "many roads" as the bike is designed to handle asphalt as well as some unpaved surfaces. Essentially the bike is a hybrid of a supermoto and a sport touring motorcycle. Its upright riding position gives it a stronger appeal for those who like touring but want something lighter than a touring bike. The Multistrada competes in the same niche market as do other multi-purpose and dual-sport motorcycles such as the BMW GS, but even according to the owners manual the Multistrada is not intended for off-road use despite its off-road inspired design, hence "Motorcycle Consumer News" classifies it as a standard.
Designed by Pierre Terblanche as an evolution to his previous design, the Cagiva Gran Canyon, the Multistrada has always received mixed reviews for its aesthetics. One magazine reviewer said the bike looked like a "wet cat with a large forehead".
Models.
The Multistrada 1000DS was released in 2003. There were two basic Ducati Multistrada models in 2005, the 1000DS and the 620. There was also the 620 Dark entry model. For 2007, there were Multistrada 1100 and 1100S models.
Ducati Multistrada 1000DS.
The 2005 Ducati Multistrada 1000DS has a 992 cc air cooled 90° V-twin engine with a 40 degree included valve angle, based on Ducati's existing engines, with twin-spark plug heads, pressure fed plain camshaft bearings, redesigned crankshaft, higher oil pressure and volume, and new alloy clutch basket, drive and driven plates. The 2006 1000DS uses Ducati's signature trellis frame with fully adjustable 165 mm travel Showa forks up front, and a single-sided swingarm, with a Showa fully adjustable rear shock coupled with a rising rate, height-adjustable suspension system at the rear. Brembo "Serie Oro" four piston brake callipers are used in the front and rear disc brakes. Front 320 mm discs, single 245 mm rear disc, and steel-braided brake lines are used throughout. The discs are now mounted directly to oversized hubs, eliminating the disc carriers. The wet weight is .
Ducati Multistrada 620.
Entry level Multistradas feature a number of individual components, like the double sided "Monster" style swing arm, the integrated die cast front and rear footrests, and the three spoke alloy wheels. The cheapest Multistrada is the 620 Dark, with its matt black colour scheme and single 320 mm front disk. There are also parts that look the same, but aren't, like the smaller fuel tank that holds 15 litres, and the simpler instrument panel without on-board computer functions.
The frame is as big as the Multistrada 1000 DS frame, but is different at the rear, where the single sided swing arm has been replaced by a double sided swing arm. Suspension features Marzocchi 43 mm upside down front forks and a Sachs rear monoshock with adjustable preload and rebound. The braking system has a rear disk and two 300 mm front disks with floating callipers operated by a new front master cylinder.
The 620 has an APTC wet clutch. According to Ducati, the wet clutch reduces lever operating effort, ensuring gradual engagement, and incorporates a racing derived "slipper" device to reduce the tendency for the rear wheel to lock-up or chatter during aggressive downshifting.
History.
2003–2004.
The first version to be sold in 2003 had a 1,000 cc engine, but a smaller 620 cc version was introduced in 2005. The 2003 model Multistrada received most of its criticisms because of its seat, described as "a vinyl covered sheet of plywood" by "Motorcyclist" magazine, and windscreen that caused undue buffeting.
2005–2006.
In 2005, the 1000DS Multistrada received an improved side stand (the 2003–2004 side stand was too short and made the bike prone to accidental tip-over), redesigned seats with softer padding and less angular shapes, improved mirrors with longer stems for better visibility and the optional touring screen from the 2003–2004 model year became standard. 2005 also saw the introduction of the 1000DS S model that came with Öhlins suspension, black wheels and carbon fiber belt covers and front fender. The S-model also came with an aluminum oversized handlebar that was said to reduce vibration and improve handling.
2007.
In 2007, the 1,000 cc engine was replaced with a 1,100 cc engine that was claimed to produce an extra of torque and the 620 model was dropped. Both the S and standard models came with black wheels but the suspension on the standard model was changed from the Showa components of previous years to a Marzocchi front fork and a Sachs rear shock in order to make the S-model more appealing. Ducati also claimed to have improvied fuel gauge accuracy, improved vibration isolated handlebars were introduced to reduce rider fatigue. A closed loop fuel injection system replaced the open loop FI system on the 1,000 cc models and the characteristic dry clutch was replaced with a conventional wet-clutch. Ducati also increased the valve adjust interval from for a claimed 50% reduction in maintenance costs.
2008.
In 2008, the bike received minor tweaks to the decals changing to a font that closer resembles the graphics on the Ducati 1098. The closed loop FI systems also got some fine tuning to make it more refined. It also got a timer switch for the lights (the lights come on with the ignition and have no off switch) that shuts them off after 60 seconds if the engine has not been started, helping to increase battery life, plus a factory fitted immobiliser for better security.
2009.
The Multistrada was essentially unchanged from the 2008 model.
2010.
A new model called the Multistrada 1200 was presented at 2009 EICMA in Milan. It includes throttle by wire, a detuned version of the 1,200 cc liquid-cooled engine from the Ducati 1198 sportbike, and optional electronically adjustable suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="2907963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907963" title="Noth">
Noth

Noth is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2907966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907966" title="Gamma matrices">
Gamma matrices

In mathematical physics, the gamma matrices, formula_1, also known as the Dirac matrices, are a set of conventional matrices with specific anticommutation relations that ensure they generate a matrix representation of the Clifford algebra "C"ℓ1,3(R). It is also possible to define higher-dimensional gamma matrices. When interpreted as the matrices of the action of a set of orthogonal basis vectors for contravariant vectors in Minkowski space, the column vectors on which the matrices act become a space of spinors, on which the Clifford algebra of spacetime acts. This in turn makes it possible to represent infinitesimal spatial rotations and Lorentz boosts. Spinors facilitate spacetime computations in general, and in particular are fundamental to the Dirac equation for relativistic spin-½ particles.
In Dirac representation, the four contravariant gamma matrices are
Analogous sets of gamma matrices can be defined in any dimension and signature of the metric. For example the Pauli matrices are a set of "gamma" matrices in dimension 3 with metric of Euclidean signature (3,0).
Mathematical structure.
The defining property for the gamma matrices to generate a Clifford algebra is the anticommutation relation
where formula_5 is the anticommutator, formula_6 is the Minkowski metric with signature and formula_7 is the identity matrix.
This defining property is considered to be more fundamental than the numerical values used in the gamma matrices. 
Covariant gamma matrices are defined by
and Einstein notation is assumed.
Note that the other sign convention for the metric, necessitates either a change in the defining equation:
or a multiplication of all gamma matrices by formula_10, which of course changes their hermiticity properties detailed below. Under the alternative sign convention for the metric the covariant gamma matrices are then defined by
Physical structure.
The Clifford Algebra over spacetime can be regarded as the set of linear operators from to itself, End(), or more generally, as the set of linear operators from any 4-dimensional vector space to itself. More simply, given a basis for , is just the set of all 4×4 complex matrices. Spacetime is assumed to be endowed with the Minkowski metric . A space of bispinor fields, , is also assumed, endowed with the bispinor representation of the Lorentz group. The bispinor fields Ψ of the Dirac equations are elements of , see below. The Clifford algebra is assumed to act on as well (by matrix multiplication with column vectors Ψ in ). This will be the primary view of elements of in this section. 
For each linear transformation of , there is a transformation of End() given by for in ≈ End(). If belongs to a representation of the Lorentz group, then the induced action will also belong to a representation of the Lorentz group, see Representation theory of the Lorentz group.
If is the bispinor representation acting on of an arbitrary Lorentz transformation in the standard (4-vector) representation acting on , then there is a corresponding operator on End() = given by
where formula_13 is a number, and formula_14 is a matrix.
This implies formula_15
Proof of 1
To show
First note that
We'll also use two facts about the fifth gamma matrix formula_18 that says:
So lets use these two facts to prove this identity for the first non-trivial case: the trace of three gamma matrices. Step one is to put in one pair of formula_18's in front of the three original formula_21's, and step two is to swap the formula_18 matrix back to the original position, after making use of the cyclicity of the trace.
This can only be fulfilled if
The extension to 2n+1 (n integer) gamma matrices, is found by placing two gamma-5s after (say) the 2n-th gamma matrix in the trace, commuting one out to the right (giving a minus sign) and commuting the other gamma-5 2n steps out to the left sign change (-1)^2n =1 . Then we use cyclic identity to get the two gamma-5s together and hence they square to identity, leaving us with the trace equalling minus itself, i.e. 0.
Proof of 2
If an odd number of gamma matrices appear in a trace followed by formula_24, our goal is to move formula_24 from the right side to the left. This will leave the trace invariant by the cyclic property. In order to do this move, we must anticommute it with all of the other gamma matrices. This means that we anticommute it an odd number of times and pick up a minus sign. A trace equal to the negative of itself must be zero.
Proof of 3
To show
Begin with,
Proof of 4
For the term on the right, we'll continue the pattern of swapping formula_27 with its neighbor to the left,
Again, for the term on the right swap formula_27 with its neighbor to the left,
Eq (3) is the term on the right of eq (2), and eq (2) is the term on the right of eq (1). We'll also use identity number 3 to simplify terms like so:
So finally Eq (1), when you plug all this information in gives
The terms inside the trace can be cycled, so
So really (4) is
or
Proof of 5
To show
begin with
Add formula_36 to both sides of the above to see
Now, this pattern can also be used to show 
Simply add two factors of formula_39, with formula_40 different from formula_41 and formula_42. Anticommute three times instead of once, picking up three minus signs, and cycle using the cyclic property of the trace.
So,
Proof of 6
For a proof of identity 6, the same trick still works unless formula_44 is some permutation of (0123), so that all 4 gammas appear. The anticommutation rules imply that interchanging two of the indices changes the sign of the trace, so formula_45 must be proportional to formula_46 formula_47. The proportionality constant is formula_48, as can be checked by plugging in formula_49, writing out formula_18, and remembering that the trace of the identity is 4.
Proof of 7
Denote the product of formula_51 gamma matrices by formula_52 Consider the Hermitian conjugate of formula_53:
Conjugating with formula_54 one more time to get rid of the two formula_54s that are there, we see that formula_56 is the reverse of formula_53. Now,
Normalization.
The gamma matrices can be chosen with extra hermiticity conditions which are restricted
by the above anticommutation relations however. We can impose
and for the other gamma matrices (for )
One checks immediately that these hermiticity relations hold for the Dirac representation.
The above conditions can be combined in the relation
The hermiticity conditions are not invariant under the action formula_63 of a Lorentz transformation formula_64 because formula_65 is not necessarily a unitary transformation due to the noncompactness of the Lorentz group.
Feynman slash notation.
The Feynman slash notation is defined by
for any 4-vector .
Here are some similar identities to the ones above, but involving slash notation:
Other representations.
The matrices are also sometimes written using the 2×2 identity matrix, formula_77, and
where "k" runs from 1 to 3 and the σk are Pauli matrices.
Dirac basis.
The gamma matrices we have written so far are appropriate for acting on Dirac spinors written in the "Dirac basis"; in fact, the Dirac basis is defined by these matrices. To summarize, in the Dirac basis:
Weyl basis.
Another common choice is the "Weyl" or "chiral basis", in which formula_80 remains the same but formula_54 is different, and so formula_24 is also different, and diagonal,
The Weyl basis has the advantage that its chiral projections take a simple form,
The idempotence of the chiral projections is manifest.
By slightly abusing the notation and reusing the symbols formula_85 we can then identify
where now formula_87 and formula_88 are left-handed and right-handed
two-component Weyl spinors.
Another possible choice of the Weyl basis has
The chiral projections take a slightly different form from the other Weyl choice,
In other words,
where formula_87 and formula_88 are the left-handed and right-handed
two-component Weyl spinors, as before.
Majorana basis.
There is also the Majorana basis, in which all of the Dirac matrices are imaginary and spinors are real. In terms of the Pauli matrices, it can be written as
The reason for making the gamma matrices imaginary is solely to obtain the particle physics metric (+,−,−,−) in which squared masses are positive. The Majorana representation however is real. One can factor out the formula_10 to obtain a different representation with four component real spinors and real gamma matrices. The consequence of removing the formula_10 is that the only possible metric with real gamma matrices is (−,+,+,+).
"C"ℓ1,3(C) and "C"ℓ1,3(R).
The Dirac algebra can be regarded as a complexification of the real algebra "C"ℓ1,3(R), called the space time algebra:
"C"ℓ1,3(R) differs from "C"ℓ1,3(C): in "C"ℓ1,3(R) only "real" linear combinations of the gamma matrices and their products are allowed.
Proponents of geometric algebra strive to work with real algebras wherever that is possible. They argue that it is generally possible (and usually enlightening) to identify the presence of an imaginary unit in a physical equation. Such units arise from one of the many quantities in a real Clifford algebra that square to −1, and these have geometric significance because of the properties of the algebra and the interaction of its various subspaces. Some of these proponents also question whether it is necessary or even useful to introduce an additional imaginary unit in the context of the Dirac equation.
However, in contemporary practice, the Dirac algebra rather than the space time algebra continues to be the standard environment the spinors of the Dirac equation "live" in.
Euclidean Dirac matrices.
In quantum field theory one can Wick rotate the time axis to transit from Minkowski space to Euclidean space, this is particularly useful in some renormalization procedures as well as lattice gauge theory. In Euclidean space, there are two commonly used representations of Dirac Matrices:
Chiral representation.
Notice that the factors of formula_10 have been inserted in the spatial gamma matrices so that the Euclidean Clifford algebra
will emerge. It is also worth noting that there are variants of this which insert instead formula_102 on one of the matrices, such as in lattice QCD codes which use the chiral basis.
Different from Minkowski space, in Euclidean space,
So in Chiral basis,

</doc>
<doc id="2907967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907967" title="Rainhard Fendrich">
Rainhard Fendrich

Rainhard Jürgen Fendrich (born 27 February 1955 in Vienna) is an Austrian singer, composer, entertainer, and actor. He is one of the most successful Austropop musicians, and his songs are written in Viennese German. He is very popular in Austria, but less so in other German-speaking countries. In non-German speaking countries he is little known. His song from 1990, "I am from Austria" (its lyrics, except for the title, are in Viennese German) is still popular in Austria.
Life.
Rainhard, called "Raini" by his friends, attended a Catholic boarding school. By his own admission he was a lazy pupil, and shy. He got his first guitar on his 15th birthday, and taught himself how to play it and started writing songs. He later began to study law, but soon gave up and took several jobs in order to finance his education as a professional actor and singer.
He has acted in the musicals "Die Gräfin vom Naschmarkt" (1980), Jesus Christ Superstar ("Judas", 1982), Chicago ("Billy Flynn", 1998), and he played "Jeff Zodiak" in the musical "Wake Up", which he co-wrote with Harold Faltermeyer (and which failed) in 2002 (all of those in Vienna, Austria). He has also appeared in numerous Austrian and German movies.
As an entertainer, he followed Rudi Carrell in the ARD TV-show "Herzblatt", was the first host of "Die Millionenshow" (the Austrian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire") and for a while had his own TV comedy show, "Nix Is Fix", produced by ORF and ARD.
Fendrich received the Austrian Golden Romy award for TV entertainment. In 1994, 1995 and 2000, he was nominated for the Amadeus Austrian Music Award four times before winning it in 2002. Austrian "NEWS" magazine readers voted him "Best Entertainer of the Decade" in same year.
Besides working as a solo artist, he gathered, in 1997, the Austrian singer-guitarists (also his friends) Georg Danzer and Wolfgang Ambros for one single beneficial concert in favour of homeless people. Their success was overwhelming, and the three individualists showed up on stage as Austria3 from that day, until they decided to stop that project in 2006. However, at Georg Danzer's comeback concert in Vienna on 16 April 2007, they met again for a few songs, and even "thought" in public about re-uniting in 2008. This can not happen, as Danzer died of lung cancer on 21 June 2007.
The concert on Donauinselfest which Fendrich gave "instead and for Georg Danzer" who a few weeks before the event had to refuse because of his rapidly progressing disease, attracted 200.000 fans on 23 June 2007.
Discography.
Singles.
Singles 

</doc>
<doc id="2907973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907973" title="The Forest City">
The Forest City

The Forest City is a nickname or alternate toponym for Cleveland, Ohio; Portland, Maine; and Rockford, Illinois in the United States and London, Ontario, in Canada.
Cleveland.
The inspiration for the name is a reference to Cleveland, describing a highly sophisticated society amid a heavily forested environment in Alexis de Tocqueville's "Democracy in America", which contains the Frenchman's observations of the United States in the 1830s. Early use of the moniker is uncertain. Some say that Timothy Smead, editor of the short-lived "Ohio City Argus" first put the name to use. Many others believe that William Case, secretary of the Cleveland Horticultural Society and Cleveland's mayor from 1850 to 1851, carried the name forward. Case was well known for encouraging the planting of fruit trees, and thus the name stuck. 
In the late 1860s, the city's best baseball club adopted the name, became an independent professional team in 1870, and helped found the first professional league, the National Association, in 1871. The first National Association game was a visit by the Forest City club of Cleveland to the Kekionga club of Fort Wayne, Indiana on May 4, 1871. It is considered the first major league baseball game by those who count the National Association as a major league. The team folded after the 1872 season. During 1871, it was one of two National Association teams named "Forest City", the other being a team based in Rockford, Illinois.
Other cities.
Rockford, Illinois, also is nicknamed "The Forest City." A professional baseball team named Forest City was based in Rockford; it existed for one season, in 1871, and played in the National Association. It was one of two teams of the name in the National Association that year, the other being the Forest City club based in Cleveland, Ohio.
In the United States, Portland, Maine, also is nicknamed "The Forest City." In Canada, London, Ontario, is nicknamed "The Forest City."

</doc>
<doc id="2907981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907981" title="George Sangster">
George Sangster

George Sangster is a Dutch ornithologist.
He specialises in taxonomy and has written many articles on this subject for the magazines Dutch Birding, British Birds and other publications.
He is a member of the Dutch, British and European taxonomic committees.

</doc>
<doc id="2907984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907984" title="Lycée Français de New York">
Lycée Français de New York

The Lycée Français de New York (LFNY), literally The French High School of New York, is a private, independent bilingual French school for students from pre-kindergarten to twelfth grade based in Manhattan, New York City which follows the French curriculum of study and allows students to study for the French general Baccalauréat, the international option of the French Baccalaureate, or a special Franco-American Baccalaureate (BFA), as well as the American High School Diploma. It fosters over 1300 students from over 45 different nationalities from pre-kindergarten through high school. The student to teacher ratio is approximately 7:1.
History.
In the mid-1930s the LFNY was the brainchild of the then French Consul General in New York, Comte Charles de Ferry de Fontnouvelle. He enlisted the help of Forsythe Wicks, a lawyer and businessman who was the president of the Alliance Française and Paul Windels, Sr., the attorney general of the City of New York. Others involved in the founding of the LFNY include Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, the President of Columbia University, Mr. Jesse Straus, the U.S. Ambassador to France, and Mr. Jean Marx, the Director of Cultural Affairs at the Quai d'Orsay The LFNY granted its first baccalaureate degree in 1938. During the late 1930s and 1940s world events helped shape the School as it continued to expand to accommodate the many students who came here from Europe and elsewhere during WWII. Eight graduates of LFNY died in combat during the war. Since 1935 over 36,000 students have studied at the Lycée. More than 150 nationalities have been represented throughout the School's history."
De Fontnouvelle served as the school's first President from 1935 until his death in 1956. He was succeeded by two interim Presidents: Jean de Siéyès (president or former president of the French-American Banking Corporation) from de Fontnouvelle's death until the end of the school year; and Robert Lacour-Gayet (a writer and academic) for the next school year. Then, Mr. Maurice Galy (deceased 1993) became the school's President starting in 1957, a post he held until he retired in 1989.
Facilities.
The school originally occupied a residential building on East 95th Street near Fifth Avenue and Mr. Galy arranged for the acquisition of three more landmark mansions, two on East 72d Street and one on East 93d Street."
In 2003, the school completed a modern, state-of-the-art facility located at 505 East 75th Street. Taking up nearly a full city block, it houses the upper and lower schools and boasts such amenities as a 354-seat auditorium and two full size gymnasiums. 
The modern LFNY building was designed by the New York based architecture firm Polshek Partnership Architects in 2003. It consists of two buildings linked together by a patio, serving as a walkway, but also a lawn where students congregate and play. The North building (76th street) houses the pre-school and elementary schools while the middle school and high school students are taught in the South building (75th street). All students share the cafeteria and the gymnasiums. The facade of the building is made of stainless glass, and the lobby wall is dedicated to great French and American people who define the Lycee curriculum.
Tuition.
The Lycée Français de New York has a tuition of $27,600. Financial Aid (Bourse) is given to students based on need. The LFNY is a private, independent school and receives no funding from the French government. The children of French citizens, however, are eligible for tuition grants from the French State based on need. These are independent of LFNY's "bourse" and are allocated to the families, not the school. The LFNY holds a yearly Gala to raise money for the Bourse.

</doc>
<doc id="2907986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907986" title="Droogs (rocks)">
Droogs (rocks)

Droogs are steep rocks which dot the surface of Mysore and Tamil Nadu, India.
The rocks are prominent monoliths and may resemble hay-ricks, some of which are high, and some of which have springs on the top. They provide formidable sites for fortification because most are scalable only by steps cut in them. There is a famous droog at Tiruchiripalli in Tamil Nadu, also known as the Rock Fort. This is climbed by 434 steps cut into the rock face. Temples to Ganesha and Shiva have been built there.
Droogs were used as sites for his theodolite by Colonel William Lambton while Superintendent of the Geological Survey of India in the 19th century. The survey was completed by Sir George Everest (pron eeve-rest)for whom Mount Everest is named.
The survey, commissioned by the East India Company, laid the foundation for building the extensive Indian railway system.
Excerpt from "Gods, Guides and Gurus'" John Hatchard (2010)
If the Madurai skyline was dominated by the huge Gopuram towers of the Meenakshi temple, Trichy’s was dominated by a spectacular granite outcrop crowned by a fort and a temple. The view from the top had to be spectacular so it was a place to visit. We had passed similar upstanding natural features on the way here, huge granite monoliths, smooth and rounded like an elephants back and spectacularly water stained. These outcrops, found all over southern India, were called droogs. In most places they provided easily defended sites where local chieftains could base themselves. Here in Trichy it was presumably the same story. As time went by temples were added and the place became more important. 
These droogs proved of great use when, in the early 19th century, Colonel William Lambton became Superintendent of The Great Trigonometrical Survey of India. From a base line at St. Thomas Mount, Madras he worked inland and then took the survey south from Bangalore toward Cape Cormorin. He used both droogs and temple gopurams as high points on which to place the great 450 kilogram theodolite used to measure his angles. This survey, commissioned by the English East India Company, gave it an accurate account of the lands it now controlled and was the most remarkable exercise of its kind ever undertaken anywhere. There is a story that while attempting to establish the theodolite on a certain droog, Lambton ran into trouble with a local Muslim chief who believed he was really intent on spying on his harem. 
Lambton’s successor, Sir George Everest (pronounced Eve-rest, as in Adam and Eve!), completed the survey after Lambton’s death in 1823 and took it, with great difficulty, through dense forests and across deserts up into the Himalayas. Another objective of the Survey was to determine the exact height of various peaks in the Himalayas about which there was much speculation. When the heights of the greatest peaks had been surveyed as accurately as possible, the highest peak was named for Sir George Everest. The Survey laid the ground for building the Indian railway and road system.

</doc>
<doc id="2907988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2907988" title="Love Me">
Love Me

Love Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908000" title="Yuriy Tarnawsky">
Yuriy Tarnawsky

Yuriy Tarnawsky is one of the founding members of the New York Group, a Ukrainian émigré avant-garde group of writers, and co-founder and co-editor of the journal "Novi Poeziyi" ("New Poetry"; 1959–1972). He writes fiction, poetry, plays, translations, and criticism in both Ukrainian and English. His works have been translated into French, German, Hebrew, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, and Russian.
Biography.
Tarnawsky was born in 1934 in Turka, Eastern Poland (now Ukraine). In 1952 he emigrated to the U.S., where he attended Newark College of Engineering (currently known as "New Jersey Institute of Technology"). Upon graduating, he took a job with IBM, where he worked first as an electronic engineer and then a computer scientist. He lived in Spain between 1964-65. He received a Ph.D. in theoretical linguistics from New York University in 1982. He retired from IBM in 1992. From 1993-96, he was professor of Ukrainian Literature and Culture in the Department of Slavic Languages as well as co-coordinator of Ukrainian Studies at the Harriman Institute at Columbia University in New York.
Yuriy Tarnawsky is one of the founding members of the New York Group, a Ukrainian émigré avant-garde group of writers, and co-founder and co-editor of the journal Novi Poeziyi (New Poetry; 1959-1972). His first volume of poetry Life in the City (1956), with its urban motifs and concentration on the theme of death, was received by critics as a new word in Ukrainian poetry, such that broke with the language and subject traditions of Ukrainian literature and laid down a path which many of his contemporaries were to follow. The declaratively existentialist novel Roads (1961), which deals with the life of German youth in post-war Germany, is likewise considered a new word in Ukrainian fiction. The roots of Tarnawsky’s early works lie almost exclusively in Western literature, in particular in Hispanic poetry and the poetry of the French presymbolists, surrealism, and the philosophy of existentialism. With time, his technical and linguistic background began to exert more and more influence on his literary work, as a result of which it employs a radically new use of language, as for instance in the volumes of poetry Without Spain (1969) and Questionnaires (1970) and the novels Meningitis (1978) and Three Blondes and Death (1993). In the 1960's Tarnawsky switched fully to writing in English, first in fiction and then in poetry; although in the latter he subsequently made Ukrainian versions of the English-language works (the volume This Is How I Get Well (1978), and the next five collections). He joined the collaborative of innovative American writers Fiction Collective (later FC2) and published with it the novels Meningitis and Three Blondes and Death. In 2007 FC2 brought out his collection of mininovels (his own genre) Like Blood in Water, which relies on gaps of information Tarnawsky calls negative text. His collection of short stories Short Tails came out in 2011. It shows the influence of existentialism, absurdism, and postmodernism. The Placebo Effect Trilogy, three collections of topically related mininovels—Like Blood in Water (revised edition), The Future of Giraffes, and View of Delft—were published in 2013. His first book of poetry in many years, Modus Tollens, subtitled IPDs or Improvised Poetic Devices, consisting of poems based on ambiguity, which Tarnawsky calls Heuristic Poetry, appeared in 2013. The 2014 collection of stories Crocodile Smiles/short shrift fictions extends further the absurdism developed in Short Tails. 
With Ukraine's independence in 1991, Tarnawsky returned to writing in Ukrainian, publishing literary works and articles in the press as well as separate books. His works now show elements characteristic of postmodernism, such as polystylism, collage, pastiche, and the taking on of many, sometimes opposing, stances or masks (for instance, the poetry collection An Ideal Woman (1999), and the book-length poems U ra na, (1992) and The City of Sticks and Pits (1999), as well as the cycle of plays 6x0 (1998)). This process culminates in the publication of a three-volume set of his writings in Ukrainian— 6x0 (collected plays, 1998), They Don't Exist (collected poetry 1970-1999, 1999) and I Don't Know (selected fiction, 2000). His own Ukrainian-language version of Short Tails was published in 2007. Many of his articles and interview in Ukrainian (some translated form the English) were published in 2012 under the title Flowers for the Patient.
Tarnawsky has devoted a lot of energy to translating from Ukrainian into English and from various languages into Ukrainian. Perhaps the most important of these of his works is his translation into English (as a co-translator) of Ukrainian epic poetry Ukrainian Dumy published by Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute in1979. 
Tarnawsky’s works have been translated into a number of languages, including Czech, French, German, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, and Russian and have been the subject of numerous articles, monographs, as well as MA, Candidate of Sciences, and Ph.D. dissertations. 
In 1998 Tarnawsky was a resident artist at the well-known avant-garde New York theater company Mabou Mines, where the English-language version of his is play Not Medea was staged in an experimental, laboratory production. The 1994 film Journey into Dusk by the Ukrainian-American filmmaker Yuri Myskiw is based mostly on his poetry.
For his contribution to Ukrainian literature, in 2008, Tarnawsky was awarded the Prince Yaroslav the Wise Order of Merit of Third Degree by the Ukrainian government.
In 2009, Yuriy Tarnawsky won an &NOW award, gaining recognition for “Screaming (a mininovel)” in The &NOW Awards: The Best Innovative Writing. Tarnawsky is a participant in the biennial &NOW festival, a festival for experimental and innovative writing.

</doc>
<doc id="2908008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908008" title="RSJ">
RSJ

RSJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908009" title="Area codes 801 and 385">
Area codes 801 and 385

801 and 385 are area codes under the North American Numbering Plan covering the Wasatch Front in northern Utah. Specifically, area codes 801 and 385 cover Davis, Morgan, Salt Lake, Utah, and Weber counties. Some cities and towns included in this area code are Alta, Bountiful, Layton, Murray, Ogden, Orem, Provo, Salt Lake City, Sandy, South Jordan, Spanish Fork, Taylorsville, West Jordan, and West Valley City. This area code is in the Mountain Time Zone. 
The main area code, 801, was one of the original area codes created in 1947, and served the entire state of Utah. On September 21, 1997, 801 was restricted to the Wasatch Front, while area code 435 was assigned to the counties outside of it. 385 is an overlay area code covering the same area as 801 which entered service on June 1, 2008.
The 1997 split was originally intended to be a long-term solution. However, the Wasatch Front is not only home to most of Utah's landlines, but most of its pagers, cell phones and fax machines as well. As a result, within only two years 801 was close to exhaustion once again. In 2000, the Public Service Commission of Utah (PSC) approved a split for 801 to take effect in 2001, in which Salt Lake County would retain the 801 area code and the rest of the Wasatch Front would be transferred to area code 385. Conservation measures allowed the repeated postponement of the area code split.
In July 2007, the PSC of Utah announced that the conservation measures would be exhausted in approximately June 2008, finally necessitating the implementation of the 385 area code. The same announcement stated that 385 would be implemented as an overlay, so that the Wasatch Front would be served by both area codes. 385 entered service on June 1, 2008. Permissive dialing began on that date, during which seven and ten-digit calls could be completed. Ten-digit dialing became mandatory along the Wasatch Front on June 1, 2009.
While the 801 area code is still the predominant area code in the region for land lines, 385 is being adopted quickly by wireless providers.

</doc>
<doc id="2908014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908014" title="Brooke Walker">
Brooke Walker

Brooke Graeme Keith Walker (born 25 March 1977) is a former New Zealand cricketer. He played five Tests and 11 One Day Internationals. Walker attended Macleans College. He was born in Auckland.
Playing career.
Walker made his debut for New Zealand against South Africa in November 2000. He played domestic cricket for Auckland. Later in his career he was the Auckland captain, leading them to three domestic championships. He retired from all cricket in June 2005.

</doc>
