<doc id="2851978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2851978" title="Robert Sobel">
Robert Sobel

Robert Sobel (February 19, 1931 – June 2, 1999) was an American professor of history at Hofstra University and a well-known and prolific writer of business histories. 
Biography.
Sobel was born in the Bronx, in New York City, New York. He completed his B.S.S. (1951) and M.A. (1952) at City College of New York, and after serving in the U.S. Army, obtained a Ph.D. from New York University in 1957. He started teaching at Hofstra in 1956. Sobel eventually became Lawrence Stessin Distinguished Professor of Business History at Hofstra. After his death, the university established the "Robert Sobel Endowed Scholarship for Excellence in Business History and Finance."
Books.
Sobel's first business history, published in 1965, was "The Big Board: A History of the New York Stock Market". It was the first history of the stock market written in over a generation. The book was met with favorable reviews, and solid sales, and Sobel's writing career was launched. Several of his subsequent books were best sellers. 
Besides writing more than 30 books, Sobel authored many articles, book reviews, and scripts for television documentaries and mini-series. From 1972 to 1988, Sobel's weekly investment column, "Knowing the Street," was nationally syndicated through New York "Newsday". He was also regularly published in national periodicals, including "The New York Times" and "The Wall Street Journal". At the time of his death, Sobel was also a contributing editor to "Barron's Magazine". He was a regular guest on financial and other news shows, such as "Wall Street Week" and "Crossfire".
Sobel was almost as famous for his only work of fiction, the 1973 book, "For Want of a Nail". This book is an alternate history in which Burgoyne won the Battle of Saratoga during the American Revolutionary War. This work detailed the history of an alternate timeline, complete with footnotes. Sobel had authored, or co-authored, several actual text books. "For Want of a Nail" was republished in 1997 and won a special achievement Sidewise Award for Alternate History that year.
Wall Street.
Sobel's dominant passion was Wall Street, a fascination that he held since his childhood. "It is as though you are walking through a historical theme park, with this engaging man at your side pointing out the sights," said Andrew Tobias, the author and investment guide, in a review in "The New York Times" of "The Last Bull Market: Wall Street in the 1960s" (W. W. Norton, 1978).
Most of Sobel's books were written for a general audience, but he never bristled when some scholarly writers dismissed him as a "popularizer," said his colleague and friend George David Smith, a professor of economic history at New York University. "Quite the contrary—he saw that as his mission in life."
Selected quotations.
From "Panic on Wall Street" by Robert Sobel:
From a February 22, 1999 "Barron's Magazine" article by Robert Sobel: 
From "The Great Bull Market: Wall Street in the 1920s", by Robert Sobel:

</doc>
<doc id="2851991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2851991" title="Bimolecular fluorescence complementation">
Bimolecular fluorescence complementation

Bimolecular fluorescence complementation (also known as BiFC) is a technology typically used to validate protein interactions. It is based on the association of fluorescent protein fragments that are attached to components of the same macromolecular complex. Proteins that are postulated to interact are fused to unfolded complementary fragments of a fluorescent reporter protein and expressed in live cells. Interaction of these proteins will bring the fluorescent fragments within proximity, allowing the reporter protein to reform in its native three-dimensional structure and emit its fluorescent signal. This fluorescent signal can be detected and located within the cell using an inverted fluorescence microscope that allows imaging of fluorescence in cells. In addition, the intensity of the fluorescence emitted is proportional to the strength of the interaction, with stronger levels of fluorescence indicating close or direct interactions and lower fluorescence levels suggesting interaction within a complex. Therefore, through the visualisation and analysis of the intensity and distribution of fluorescence in these cells, one can identify both the location and interaction partners of proteins of interest.
History.
Biochemical complementation was first reported in subtilisin-cleaved bovine pancreatic ribonuclease, then expanded using β-galactosidase mutants that allowed cells to grow on lactose.
Recognition of many proteins' ability to spontaneously assemble into functional complexes as well as the ability of protein fragments to assemble as a consequence of the spontaneous functional complex assembly of interaction partners to which they are fused was later reported for ubiquitin fragments in yeast protein interactions. 
In 2000, Ghosh "et al" developed a system that allowed a green fluorescent protein (GFP) to be reassembled using an anti-parallel leucine zipper in "E. coli" cells. This was achieved by dissecting GFP into C- and N-terminal GFP fragments. As the GFP fragment was attached to each leucine zipper by a linker, the heterodimerisation of the anti-parallel leucine zipper resulted in a reconstituted, or re-formed, GFP protein that could be visualised. The successful fluorescent signal indicated that the separate GFP peptide fragments were able to correctly reassemble and achieve tertiary folding. It was, therefore, postulated that using this technique, fragmented GFP could be used to study interaction of protein–protein pairs that have their N-C termini in close proximity. 
After the demonstration of successful fluorescent protein fragment reconstitution in mammalian cells, Hu "et al". described the use of fragmented yellow fluorescent protein (YFP) in the investigation of bZIP and Rel family transcription factor interactions. This was the first report bZIP protein interaction regulation by regions outside of the bZIP domain, regulation of subnuclear localization of the bZIP domains Fos and Jun by their different interacting partners, and modulation of transcriptional activation of bZIP and Rel proteins through mutual interactions. In addition, this study was the first report of an "in vivo" technique, now known as the bimolecular fluorescence complementation (BiFC) assay, to provide insight into the structural basis of protein complex formation through detection of fluorescence caused by the assembly of fluorescent reporter protein fragments tethered to interacting proteins.
Fluorescent labeling.
Fluorophore activation occurs through an autocatalytic cyclization reaction that occurs after the protein has been folded correctly. This was advanced with the successful reconstitution of the YFP fluorophore from protein fragments that had been fused to interacting proteins within 8 hours of transfection was reported in 2002.
Workflow.
Selection of fusion protein expression system.
There are different expression systems that can be used for the fusion protein created. Transient protein expression is used to identify protein–protein interactions "in vivo" as well as in subcellular localisation of the BiFC complex. However, one must be cautious against protein over-expression, as this may skew both preferential localisation and the predominant protein complexes formed. Instead, weak promoters, the use of low levels of plasmid DNA in the transfection, and plasmid vectors that do not replicate in mammalian cells should be used to express proteins at or near their endogenous levels to mimic the physiological cellular environment. Also, careful selection of the fluorescent protein is important, as different fluorescent proteins require different cellular environments. For example, GFP can be used in "E. coli" cells, while YFP is used in mammalian cells.
Stable cell lines with the expression vector integrated into its genome allows more stable protein expression in the cell population, resulting in more consistent results.
Determination of fusion sites.
When deciding the linker fusion site on the protein surface, there are three main considerations. First, the fluorescent protein fragments must be able to associate with one another when their tethered proteins interact. Structural information and the location of the interaction surface may be useful when determining the fusion site to the linker, although the information is not necessary, as multiple combinations and permutations can be screened. Secondly, the creation of the fusion protein must not significantly alter the localisation, stability, or expression of the proteins to which the fragments are linked as compared to the endogenous wild-type proteins. Finally, the addition of the fluorescent fragment fusion must not affect the biological function of the protein, preferably verified using assays that evaluate all of the proteins' known functions.
Designing linkers.
A linker is a short amino acid sequence that tethers the fluorescent reporter protein fragment to the protein of interest, forming the fusion protein. When designing a linker sequence, one must ensure that the linker is sufficiently soluble and long to provide the fluorescent protein fragments with flexibility and freedom of movement so that the fragment and its partner fragment will collide frequently enough to reconstitute during the interaction of their respective fused proteins. Although it is not documented, it is possible that the length or the sequence of the linker may influence complementation of some proteins. Reported linker sequences RSIAT and RPACKIPNDLKQKVMNH (single amino acid code) and AAANSSIDLISVPVDSR (Sigma) have been successfully used in BiFC experiments.
Creating proper plasmid expression vectors.
When designing plasmid vectors to express the proteins of interest, the construct must be able to express proteins that are able to form fusion proteins with fluorescent protein fragments without disrupting the protein's function. In addition, the expected protein complex must be able to accept stabilisation of the fluorescent protein fragment interaction without affecting the protein complex function or the cell being studied. Many fluorescent protein fragments that combine in several ways can be used in BiFC. Generally, YFP is recommended to serve as the reporter protein, cleaved at residue 155 (N-terminal consisting of residues 1–154 and C-terminal consisting of residues 155–238) or residue 173 in particular, as these sets of fragments are highly efficient in their complementation when fused to many interacting proteins and they produce low levels fluorescence when fused to non-interacting proteins. It is suggested that each target protein is fused to both the N- and C-terminal fragments of the fluorescent reporter protein in turn, and that the fragments are fused at each of the N- and C-terminal ends of the target proteins. This will allow a total of eight different permutations, with interactions being tested:
N-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 1 + C-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 2 
N-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 1 + C-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 2 
N-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 1 + C-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 2 
N-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 1 + C-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 2 
C-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 1 + N-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 2 
C-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 1 + N-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 2 
C-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 1 + N-terminal fragment fused at the N-terminal protein 2 
C-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 1 + N-terminal fragment fused at the C-terminal protein 2 
Selection of appropriate cell culture system.
As previously stated, it is important to ensure that the fluorescent reporter protein being used in BiFC is appropriate and can be expressed in the cell culture system of choice, as not all reporter proteins can fluoresce or be visualised in all model systems.
Selection of appropriate controls.
Fluorescent protein fragments can associate and fluoresce at low efficiency in the absence of a specific interaction. Therefore, it is important to include controls to ensure that the fluorescence from fluorescent reporter protein reconstitution is not due to unspecific contact. 
Some controls include fluorophore fragments linked to non-interacting proteins, as the presence of these fusions tend to decrease non-specific complementation and false positive results. 
Another control is created by linking the fluorescent protein fragment to proteins with mutated interaction faces. So long as the fluorescent fragment is fused to the mutated proteins in the same manner as the wild-type protein, and the protein expression levels and localisation are unaffected by the mutation, this serves as a strong negative control, as the mutant proteins, and therefore, the fluorescent fragments, should be unable to interact.
Internal controls are also necessary to normalise for differences in transfection efficiencies and protein expression in different cells. This is accomplished by co-transfecting cells with plasmids encoding the fusion proteins of interest as well as a whole (non-fragmented) protein that fluoresces at a different wavelength from the fluorescent reporter protein. During visualisation, one determines the fluorescence intensities of the BiFC complex and the internal control which, after subtracting background signal, becomes a ratio. This ratio represents the BiFC efficiency and can be compared with other ratios to determine the relative efficiencies of the formation of different complexes.
Cell transfection.
Once the fusion proteins and controls have been designed and generated in their appropriate expression system, the plasmids must be transfected into the cells to be studied. After transfection, one must wait, typically about eight hours, to allow time for the fusion proteins to interact and their linked fluorescent reporter protein fragments to associate and fluoresce.
Visualisation and analysis.
After sufficient time for the fusion proteins and their linked fluorescent fragments to interact and fluoresce, the cells can be observed under an inverted fluorescence microscope that can visualise fluorescence in cells. Although the fluorescence intensity of BiFC complexes is usually <10% of that produced by expression of intact fluorescent proteins, the extremely low autofluorescence in the visible range extremely most cells often makes the BiFC signal orders of magnitude higher than background fluorescence.
If fluorescence is detected when the fusion proteins are expressed, but is lacking or significantly reduced after the expression of the mutated negative control, it is likely that a specific interaction occurs between the two target proteins of interest. However, if the fluorescence intensity is not significantly different between the mutated negative control fusion protein and its wild-type counterpart, then the fluorescence is likely caused by non-specific protein interactions, so a different combination of fusion protein conformations should be tested.
If no fluorescence is detected, an interaction may still exist between the proteins of interest, as the creation of the fusion protein may alter the structure or interaction face of the target protein or the fluorescence fragments may be physically unable to associate. To ensure that this result is not a false negative, that there is no interaction, the protein interaction must be tested in a situation where fluorescence complementation and activation requires an external signal. In this case, if the external signal fails to cause fluorescence fragment association, it is likely that the proteins do not interact or there is a physical impediment to fluorescence complementation.
Strengths.
Relevant biological context.
Proteins interact with different protein partners and other macromolecules to achieve functions that support different functions in cells that support survival of the organism. Identifying these interactions may provide clues to their effects on cell processes. As these interactions can be affected by both the internal environment and external stimuli, studying these interactions "in vivo" and at endogenous levels, as is recommended in BiFC, provides a physiologically-relevant context from which to draw conclusions about protein interactions.
Direct visualisation.
BiFC enables direct visualisation of protein interactions in living cells with limited cell perturbation, rather than relying on secondary effects or staining by exogenous molecules that can fail to distribute evenly. This, and the ability to observe the living cells for long periods of time, is made possible by the strong intrinsic fluorescence of the reconstituted reporter protein reduces the chances of an incorrect readout associated with the protein isolation process.
Sensitivity.
Unlike many "in vivo" protein-interaction assays, BiFC does not require protein complexes to be formed by a large proportion of the proteins or at stoichiometric proportions. Instead, BiFC can detect interactions among protein subpopulations, weak interactions, and low expression proteins due to the stable complementation of the fluorescent reporter protein. In addition, successful fluorescent protein reconstitution has been reported for protein partners over 7 nm apart, so long as the linkers binding the fluorophore fragment to the protein of interest has the flexibility needed to associate with its corresponding fragment.
Furthermore, the strength of the protein interaction can be quantitatively determined by changes in fluorescent signal strength.
Spatial resolution.
BiFC allows measurement of spatial and temporal changes in protein complexes, even in response to activating and inhibiting drugs and subcellularly, providing the highest spatial resolution of "in vivo" protein–protein interaction assays.
No specialised equipment.
BiFC does not require specialised equipment, as visualisation is possible with an inverted fluorescence microscope that can detect fluorescence in cells. In addition, analysis does not require complex data processing or correction for other sources of fluorescence.
No structural information needed.
BiFC can be performed without structural information about the interaction partners, so long as the fluorescent reporter protein fragments can associate within the complex, as multiple combinations of fusion proteins can be screened. This is due to the assumption that, since the protein functions are recapitulated in the "in vivo" context, the complex structure will resemble that of the intact proteins seen physiologically.
Multiple applications.
The BiFC technology has been refined and expanded to include the abilities to simultaneously visualise multiple protein complexes in the same cell, RNA/protein interactions, to quickly detect changes in gene transduction pathways, demonstrate hidden phenotypes of drugs, where the predicted treatment outcome (i.e. cell death, differentiation, morphological change) is not seen "in vivo", study complex formation in different cellular compartments, and to map protein interaction surfaces
Limitations.
Real-time detection.
The fluorescent signal only is produced after the proteins have interacted, which is generally in the order of hours. Hence BiFC is unable to provide real-time detection of protein interactions. The delay for chemical reactions to generate fluorophore may also have an effect on the dynamics of complex dissociation and partner exchange.
Irreversible BiFC formation.
BiFC complex formation is only reversible during the initial step of fluorescent reporter protein re-assembly, typically in the order of milliseconds. Once the fluorochrome has been reconstituted, it is essentially irreversible "in vitro". This prevents proteins from interacting with others and may disrupt the association/disassociation of protein complexes in dynamic equilibrium.
Independent fluorescent protein fragment associations.
Fluorescent protein fragments have a limited ability to associate independent of the proteins to which they are fused. Although protein-independent association will vary depending on identities of the fusion proteins and their expression levels, one must provide the necessary and numerous controls to distinguish between true and false-positive protein interactions. Generally, this limitation is mitigated by ensuring that the fusion proteins of interest are expressed at endogenous concentrations.
Altering protein structure and steric hindrance.
Fluorescent fragment linkage may alter the folding or structure of the protein of interest, leading to the elimination of an interacting protein's surface binding site. In addition, the arrangement of the fluorescent fragments may prevent fluorophore reconstitution through steric hindrance, although steric hindrance can be reduced or eliminated by using a linker sequence that allows sufficient flexibility for the fluorescent fragments to associate. Therefore, absence of fluorescence complementation may be a false negative and does not necessarily prove that the interaction in question does not occur.
Obligate anaerobes.
Due to the requirement of molecular oxygen for fluorophore formation, BiFC cannot be used in obligate anaerobes, which cannot survive in the presence of oxygen. This limits the use of BiFC to aerobic organisms.
Use of fusion proteins.
Because endogenous wild-type proteins cannot be visualised "in vivo", fusion proteins must be created and their plasmids transfected into the cells studied. These fusion proteins may not recapitulate the functions, localisation, and interactions common to their wild-type counterparts, providing an inaccurate picture of the proteins in question. This problem can be alleviated by using structural information and the location of interaction sites to rationally identify fusion sites on the proteins of interest, using appropriate controls, and comparing the expression levels and functions of the fusion and wild-type proteins through Western Blots and functional assays.
Temperature dependence.
Although low temperatures favours the reconstitution of fluorescence when fragments are within proximity, this may affect the behaviour of the target proteins leading to inaccurate conclusions regarding the nature of protein interactions and their interacting partners.
Exact interaction relationship unknown.
Because fluorophore reconstitution can occur at a distance of 7 nm or more, fluorescence complementation may indicate either a direct or indirect (i.e. within the same complex) interaction between the fluorescent fragments' fused proteins.
Application.
In addition to the validation of protein–protein interactions described above, BiFC has been expanded and adapted to other applications:
Multicolour fluorescence.
The fluorescent protein fragments used in BiFC have been expanded to include the colours blue, cyan, green, yellow, red, cherry, and Venus. This range in colours has made the development of multicolour fluorescence complementation analysis possible. This technique allows multiple protein complexes to be visualised simultaneously in the same cell. In addition, proteins typically have a large number of alternative interaction partners. Therefore, by fusing fragments of different fluorescent proteins to candidate proteins, one can study competition between alternative interaction partners for complex formation through the complementation of different fluorescent colour fragments.
RNA-binding protein interactions.
BiFC has been expanded to include the study of RNA-binding protein interactions in a method Rackham and Brown described as trimolecular fluorescence complementation (TriFC). In this method, a fragment of the Venus fluorescent protein is fused to the mRNA of interest, and the complementary Venus portion fused to the RNA-binding protein of interest. Similar to BiFC, if the mRNA and protein interact, the Venus protein will be reconstituted and fluoresce. Also known as the RNA bridge method, as the fluorophore and other interacting proteins form a bridge between the protein and the RNA of interest, this allows a simple detection and localisation of RNA-protein interactions within a living cell and provides a simple method to detect direct or indirect RNA-protein association (i.e. within a complex) that can be verified through in vitro analysis of purified compounds or RNAi knockdown of the bridging molecule(s).
Pathway organisation and signal transduction cascades.
BiFC can be used to link genes to one other and their function through measurement of interactions among the proteins that the genes encode. This application is ideal for novel genes in which little is known about their up- and downstream effectors, as novel pathway linkages can be made. In addition, the effects of drugs, hormones, or deletion or knockdown of the gene of interest, and the subsequent effects on both the strength of the protein–protein interactions and the location of the interaction can be observed within seconds.
Complex formation in different cellular compartments.
BiFC has been used to study nuclear translocation, via complex localisation, as well as interactions involving integral membrane proteins. Thus, BiFC is an important tool in understanding transcription factor localisation in subcellular compartments.
Quantifying protein–protein interaction surfaces.
BiFC has been coupled with flow cytometry (BiFC-FC). This allows protein–protein interaction surfaces to be mapped through the introduction of site-directed or random mutations that affect complex formation.
Comparisons to other technologies.
Most techniques used to study protein–protein interactions rely on "in vitro" methods. Unfortunately, studying proteins in an artificial system, outside of their cellular environment, poses a number of difficulties. For example, this may require the removal of proteins from their normal cellular environment. The processing required to isolate the protein may affect its interactions with other proteins. In addition, isolating the protein from the intracellular signaling and mechanisms that occur in the normal cell may provide a misleading picture of intracellular and physiological occurrences. Furthermore, proteins studied in vitro may be studied at concentrations vastly different from their normal abundance levels, may not necessarily be transported efficiently into the cells, or may not be selective enough to function in the host genome. Finally, by studying proteins "in vitro", one is unable to determine the influence of specific protein–protein interactions in the cell on the functional or physiological consequences.
Other "in vivo" assays most commonly used to study protein–protein interactions include fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) and yeast two-hybrid (Y2H) assay. Each of these assays has their advantages and disadvantages in comparison to BiFC:
Fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET).
Fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET), also known as förster resonance energy transfer, resonance energy transfer (RET) or electronic energy transfer (EET), is based on the transfer of energy from an excited (donor) chromophore or fluorophore (if the chromophores are fluorescent) to a nearby acceptor. In this method, fluorophores are chemically linked or genetically fused to two proteins hypothesised to interact. If the proteins interact, this will bring the fluorophores into close spatial proximity. If the fluorophores are oriented in a manner that exposes the fluorophores to one another, usually ensured when designing and constructing the fluorophore-protein linkage/fusion, then the energy transfer from the excited donor fluorophore will result in a change in the fluorescent intensities or lifetimes of the fluorophores.
Yeast two-hybrid (Y2H).
The yeast two-hybrid (Y2H) is a genetic screening technique that can be used to detect physical (binding) protein–protein or protein–DNA interactions. It tests a 'bait' protein of known function that is fused to the binding domain of the transcription factor GAL4 against potential interacting proteins or a cDNA library that express the GAL4 activation domain (the 'prey').

</doc>
<doc id="2851992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2851992" title="Sodium selenite">
Sodium selenite

Sodium selenite is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2SeO3. This salt is a colourless solid. The pentahydrate Na2SeO3(H2O)5 is the most common water-soluble selenium compound. 
Synthesis and fundamental reactions.
Sodium selenite usually is prepared by the reaction of selenium dioxide with sodium hydroxide:
The hydrate converts to the anhydrous salt upon heating to 40 °C.
Akin to the related salt sodium sulfite, Na2SeO3 features a pyramidal dianion SeO32–. Oxidation of this anion gives sodium selenate, Na2SeO4.
Applications.
Together with the related barium and zinc selenites, sodium selenite is mainly used in the manufacture of colorless glass. The pink color imparted by these selenites cancels out the green color imparted by iron impurities.
Because selenium is an essential element, sodium selenite is an ingredient in some food supplements.
The US Food and Drug Administration approved a selenium supplement to animal diets, however the most common form is sodium selenite for pet foods. According to one article, "not much was known about which selenium compounds to approve for use in animal feeds when the decisions were made back in the 1970s .. At the time the regulatory action was taken, only the inorganic selenium salts (sodium selenite and sodium selenate) were available at a cost permitting their use in animal feed.”
Safety.
Selenium is toxic in high concentrations. The chronic toxic dose for human beings is about 2.4 to 3 milligrams of selenium per day.

</doc>
<doc id="2852008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852008" title="Ilocano people">
Ilocano people

The Ilocano or Ilokano people are the third largest Filipino ethnolinguistic group. 
Etymology.
Aside from being referred to as Ilocanos (from "i" – 'from', and "looc" – 'bay'), they also refer to themselves as Samtoy, from the Ilocano phrase "sao mi ditoy", meaning 'our language origin'. The word "Ilocano" came from the word "Iloco" or "Yloco."
Ethnic homeland.
Ilocandia is the term given to the traditional homeland of the Ilocano people. From the original western strip of Northern Luzon, Ilocandia has spread throughout the Cagayan Valley and some parts of Central Luzon.
Demographics.
Ilocanos number about 9,136,000. A few Ilocanos living in the Cordilleras have some Cordillerano blood. 
Language.
Ilocanos speak the Ilokano language (also called Iloko), which is part of the Northern Philippine subgroup of the Austronesian family of languages. They also speak Cebuano (in Mindanao), Tagalog, and English as second languages. 
Religion.
Most Ilocanos are Roman Catholics, while a significant number belong to the Aglipayan Church, which originated in Ilocos Norte.
Diaspora.
Many Filipino Americans are of Ilocano descent. They make up 85% of the Filipino-American population in Hawaii.
History.
The Austronesian ancestors of the present-day Ilocanos came to the Philippines through "bilog"s, or outrigger boats during the Iron Age.
Spanish Era to the Philippine Republic.
In 1572,Juan de Salcedo arrived to the town of Bauang.
Present.
The mounting population pressure due to the substantial population density during the mid-19th century caused the migration of the Ilocanos out of their historic homeland. By 1903, more than 290,000 Ilocanos migrated to Central Luzon, Cagayan Valley, and Metro Manila. More than 180,000 moved to Pangasinan, Tarlac, and Nueva Ecija. Almost 50,000 moved to Cagayan Valley; half of them resided in Isabela. Around 47,000 lived in Zambales.
The Ilocano Diaspora continued in 1906 when Ilocanos started to migrate to Hawaii and California. Ilocanos composed the largest number of expatriates in the United States, though most are bilingual with Tagalog. There is a significant Ilocano community in Hawaii, in which they make up more than 85% of the Filipino population there.
Later migrations brought Ilocanos to the Cordilleras, Aurora, Mindoro, Palawan, and Mindanao provinces of Sultan Kudarat, North Cotabato, and South Cotabato.
Food.
Ilocanos boast of a somewhat healthy diet heavy in boiled or steamed vegetables and freshwater fish, but are particularly fond of dishes flavored with [http://editthis.info/wiki/Bagoong]"bagoong", fermented fish that is often used instead of salt. Ilocanos often season boiled vegetables with "bagoong monamon" (fermented anchovy paste) to produce "pinakbet". Local specialties include the "abuos," soft white larvae of ants, and "jumping salad" or tiny, live shrimp with "kalamansi" juice.
Literature.
One of the most well-known Ilocano literary works written in Iloco is the "Biag ni Lam-ang" ("The Life of Lam-Ang"), an epic poem about the fantastic life and escapades of an Ilocano hero named Lam-ang.
The ilocano writer Elizabeth Medina is probably the most remarkable living ilocano writer in Spanish language.

</doc>
<doc id="2852012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852012" title="Badreddine Missaoui">
Badreddine Missaoui

Badreddine Missaoui () is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="2852014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852014" title="Sodium tellurite">
Sodium tellurite

Sodium tellurite is an inorganic tellurium compound with formula Na2TeO3. It is a water soluble white solid and a weak reducing agent. Sodium tellurite is an intermediate in the extraction of the element, tellurium; it is a product obtained from anode slimes and is a precursor to tellurium.
Preparation.
The main source of tellurium is from copper anode slimes, which contain precious metals as well as various tellurides. These slimes are roasted with sodium carbonate and oxygen to produce sodium tellurite.
This is a reaction with silver telluride. The telluride is oxidized to tellurite and the silver(I) is reduced to silver.
Purification.
The electrolysis of a tellurite solution yields purified tellurium.
Structure and properties.
Tellurium has properties similar to sulfur and selenium. In the anhydrous form Na2TeO3 the tellurium atoms are 6 coordinate, three Te-O at 1.87 Å and three at 2.9 Å, with distorted octahedra sharing edges. In the pentahydrate, Na2TeO3.5H2O there are discrete tellurite anions, TeO32– which are pyramidal. The Te-O distance is 1.85 - 1.86 Å and the O-Te-O angle is close to 99.5°. The tellurite anion is a weak base. Sodium tellurite would be similar to sodium selenite and sodium sulfite. Sodium tellurite is both a weak oxidizing agent and a weak reducing agent.
Tellurite-related reactions.
Telluric acid loses a proton at this pKa.
Hydrogen tellurite loses a proton at this pKa to become the tellurite ion. This would happen in the reaction of tellurous acid with sodium hydroxide to make sodium tellurite.
This is the reaction of tellurium dioxide with a base to make a tellurite salt.
Applications.
Sodium tellurite improves the corrosion resistance of electroplated nickel layers. Solutions of sodium tellurite are used for black or blue-black coatings on iron, steel, aluminum, and copper. In microbiology, sodium tellurite can be added to the growth medium to isolate bacteria with an inherent physiological resistance to its toxicity.

</doc>
<doc id="2852021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852021" title="Purple fringing">
Purple fringing

In photography, and particularly in digital photography, purple fringing (sometimes called PF) is the term for an out-of-focus purple or magenta "ghost" image on a photograph. This defect is generally most visible as a coloring and lightening of dark edges adjacent to bright areas of broad-spectrum illumination, such as daylight or various types of gas discharge lamps.
Lenses in general exhibit axial chromatic aberration in which different colors of light do not focus in the same plane. Normally, lens designs are optimized so that two or more (at least three for apochromatic lenses) wavelengths of light in the visible range focus at the same plane. Wavelengths very different from those optimized in the design process may be severely out-of-focus when the reference colors are in focus; this axial chromatic aberration is usually severe at short (violet) wavelengths. Lens performance may be poor for such wavelengths in other ways too, including an increase in flare due to anti-reflective coatings also being optimized for the expected wavelengths.
Most film has relatively low sensitivity to colors outside the visible range, so light spread in the near ultraviolet (UV) or near infrared (IR) rarely has a significant impact on the image recorded. However, sensors used in digital cameras commonly are sensitive to a wider range of wavelengths. Although the lens glass itself filters out much of the UV light, and all digital cameras designed for color photography incorporate filters to reduce red and IR sensitivity, the chromatic aberration can be sufficient for bright out-of-focus violet light to tint nearby dark regions of the image. Bright cloudy or hazy skies are strong sources of scattered violet and UV light, so tend to provoke the problem.
The term "purple fringe" used to describe one aspect of chromatic aberration dates back to at least 1833.
However, Brewster's description with a purple fringe on one edge and a green fringe on the other is a "lateral" chromatic aberration. A general defocus of the shortest wavelengths resulting in a purple fringe on all sides of a bright object is the result of an "axial" or "longitudinal" chromatic aberration. Quite often these effects are mixed in an image. Axial chromatic aberration is more subject to reduction by stopping down the lens than lateral chromatic aberration is, so the purple fringing can be very dependent on f-number: a larger f-number (smaller aperture) reduces axial aberration.
Other explanations.
Purple fringing is usually attributed to chromatic aberration as described above, although it is not clear that all purple fringing can be explained this way. Other attributed causes of purple fringing in digital photography include many hypothesized sensor effects:
Mitigations.
Commonly advocated methods of avoiding purple fringing include:
Post-processing to remove purple fringing (or chromatic aberration in general) usually involves scaling the fringed colour channel, or subtracting some of a scaled version of the blue channel, or other blue-channel tricks.

</doc>
<doc id="2852023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852023" title="Funnies Inc.">
Funnies Inc.

Funnies, Inc. is an American comic book packager of the 1930s to 1940s period collectors and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. Founded by Lloyd Jacquet, it supplied the contents of early comics, including that of "Marvel Comics" #1 (Oct. 1939), the first publication of what would become the multimedia corporation Marvel Comics.
Company history.
Founding.
American comic books originated as oversized magazines that reprinted newspaper comic strips in color. These strips, coming from "the funny pages", were colloquially called "the funnies". Gradually, new material began to be created for the emerging medium of comic books. In the late 1930s, with the huge sales success of Superman, many magazine publishers and entrepreneurs jumped on the trend.
One of the many comics companies founded during this time was Centaur Publications, where Lloyd Jacquet was art director and where comic creators included writer and artist Bill Everett. Jacquet then broke off to form Funnies, Inc., one of that eras "packagers" that would create comics on demand for publishers. Everett recalled in the late 1960s that,
Torpey was Centaur's sales director, and Mahon a publisher for one of Centaur's early iterations. Other Centaur staffers who followed Jacquet, on at least a freelance basis, included artists Carl Burgos, Paul Gustavson, and Ben Thompson; writer Ray Gill; and business manager Jim Fitzsimmons. Others who worked for Funnies, Inc. included future novelist Mickey Spillane; Leonard Starr, future creator of the comic strip "On Stage"; and artist Bob Davis, who for Funnies, Inc. created the boy hero Dick Cole in Novelty Press' "Blue Bolt Comics".
As Everett described, "Lloyd... had an idea that he wanted to start his own art service — to start a small organization to supply artwork and editorial material to publishers. ... He asked me to join him. He also asked Carl Burgos. So we were the nucleus... I don't know how to explain it, but I was still on a freelance basis. That was the agreement we had. The artists, including myself, at Funnies, worked on a freelance basis." Comics historian Hames Ware added that,
Two other comics packagers formed around this time were Eisner & Iger, founded by Will Eisner and Jerry Iger, and the quirkily named Harry "A" Chesler's studio.
Initially called First Funnies, Inc. and located at 45 West 45th Street in New York City, the company's first known project was "Motion Picture Funnies Weekly", a promotional comic planned for giveaway in movie theaters. The idea proved unsuccessful, and seven of the only eight known samples created to send to theater owners were discovered in an estate sale in 1974. Additionally, proof sheets were found there for the covers of issues #2-4. The "Comic Books on Microfiche" collection of the University of Tulsa's McFarlin Library lists Centaur Publications' "Amazing Man Comics" #5 (Sept. 1939), the premiere issue, as continuing the numbering of "Motion Picture Funnies Weekly", but this is unconfirmed.
The first Marvel comic.
Funnies, Inc.'s first actual sale was to pulp magazine publisher Martin Goodman. As Everett recalled, Funnies, Inc., sales manager Frank Torpey "had a friend, Martin Goodman, who was in the publishing business, and Frank talked Martin into going into publishing comics..."" For what would be called "Marvel Comics" #1 (Oct. 1939), Funnies, Inc. created a set of features that included two nascent star characters: Burgos' original Human Torch and Everett's Sub-Mariner, expanding an origin story Everett had created for the never-released "Motion Picture Funnies Weekly" #1. Among the other characters introduced was Gustavson's the Angel, a modest hit who would appear in more than 100 Golden Age stories. Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities, eventually used Timely Comics as the umbrella name for his comic-book division.
Other early companies that bought material from Funnies, Inc. include Centaur, Fox Feature Syndicate, and Hillman Periodicals. For the Novelty Press division of the Premium Service Company, writer-artist Joe Simon created Blue Bolt and Basil Wolverton devised Spacehawk.
Simon said that his Funnies, Inc. rate for a completed comic-book page — written, drawn and lettered — was $7. For comparison, he recalled that at Eisner-Iger — where Eisner wrote the features and created characters, hiring novice artists — the page rate was approximately $3.50 to $5.50; publishers were charged $5 to $7 per finished page.
Funnies, Inc. was eventually made obsolete by the growing medium's success, allowing publishers to hire their own staffs. As Simon recalled, he stopped freelancing for the company when he became Timely Comics' editor: "Soon, we were buying only 'The Human Torch' and 'Sub-Mariner' from Jacquet and irritating the hell out of him with demands for script and art changes in the hopes that he would resign the features he had helped to build".
Toward the end of 1940, Jacquet sold Goodman the rights to the characters. Business relations evidently remained cordial; in an Aug. 14, 1942, photo given to attendees and widely published by the comics press in the 2000s, Jacquet was seated next to Goodman at a Hotel Astor luncheon Goodman hosted for the Timely and Funnies staffs, followed by a showing of the new Disney movie "Bambi". Others at the table included Torpey, Gill, Timely editor Stan Lee, and such artists/writers as Vince Alascia, Ernie Hart, Jack Keller, George Klein, Jim Mooney, Don Rico, Mike Sekowsky, and Syd Shores.
Demise.
After Funnies, Inc. ended, Lloyd Jacquet Studios continued to package comics through at least 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="2852028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852028" title="Songs to Grow on for Mother and Child">
Songs to Grow on for Mother and Child

Songs to Grow on for Mother and Child is a collection of children's music by folk singer Woody Guthrie. Recorded in 1947 and first released in 1956, a remastered recording was issued by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings in 1991. 
Several songs in the collection are instructional, helping children learn to count. Others are songs of adoration written by Guthrie with his own children in mind. For example, "Goodnight Little Arlo" was written for his son Arlo Guthrie, who would have been nine years old at the time of the release. Guthrie said "I really did try to slant these songs at all of your citizens from 4 to 6, but I spilled over a little on every side."

</doc>
<doc id="2852029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852029" title="The Outforce">
The Outforce

The Outforce is a traditional top-down real-time strategy game played across a battlefield in space. It's the first game from O3 Games, which later became Starbreeze Studios.
Gameplay.
"The Outforce" is a real-time strategy game set in the depths of space. There are three races from which to choose, and more than 120 different units available, including tow ships, phasing units, and self-destructing units. The 3-D environment features a free-floating camera with a variable zoom field. The game's artificial intelligence has a genetic learning algorithm, and the physics system includes pressure waves, elastic collisions, gravity, and push-and-pull force. Up to eight players can battle it out over the Internet or on a LAN.
Reception.
The game received an average of 59% at GameRankings.
The game was a success for O3 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="2852039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852039" title="Alpine touring binding">
Alpine touring binding

An alpine touring binding (also known as an AT binding or randonnée binding) is a specialised ski binding with a releasable locked down heel that can be used for ski touring and backcountry skiing. Most AT bindings have DIN safety release as in an alpine binding. Specialized alpine touring ski boots are also used, something of a cross between a downhill ski boot and a plastic climbing boot, which are light and flexible enough to be comfortable to walk up in while still being stiff enough to provide good control when skiing down. These boots have soles with traction and the ability to hold a crampon when climbing steep slopes with the skis carried on one's backpack.
Use.
During ascent, the skis are fitted with self-adhesive plush climbing skins to prevent them from slipping backwards. The ski binding heels are released to allow a Nordic style of striding. The skins are very effective in preventing the skis slipping backwards, much more so than grip wax, and quite a steep hill can be ascended directly without resorting to side stepping or herringboning. The heels of the bindings are often fitted with adjustable steps to maintain the soles of the boots horizontal on a steep climb. Prior to descent, the skins are removed, the heel steps removed or lowered, and the binding heel piece is locked down. Descent is then by conventional alpine skiing technique.
Compared to Nordic boots and bindings, the alpine touring binding is less suitable for undulating terrain, but is more versatile on steeper and more difficult snow. Like telemark skiing gear, this equipment is popular with people from an alpine skiing background; but unlike telemarking, it requires no learning of a new type of downhill turn. Because the fixed heel provides additional support and lessens the force on the toe hinge in downhill mode, modern AT gear and telemark gear are comparable in weight, with both sacrificing control on the descent to reduce weight.
Variations.
Most touring bindings are designed for ski boots falling under one of two ISO specifications: 
The two setups are mutually incompatible: in the former, the boot lacks sockets to engage ISO 9523 compatible bindings, while the later boot toe and heel-piece dimensions are incompatible with ISO 5355 bindings.
Manufacturers.
The main manufacturers of AT bindings are Silvretta, Fritschi Diamir, Marker, Dynafit and Plum. Backcountry Access also produces a binding adapter to allow downhill alpine skis and bindings to undertake limited touring.

</doc>
<doc id="2852040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852040" title="Jalel Lakadar">
Jalel Lakadar

Jalel Lakadar is a member of the Pan-African Parliament, representing Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="2852049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852049" title="Konami 80's Arcade Gallery">
Konami 80's Arcade Gallery

, is a compilation of arcade video games released in Japanese arcades in 1998. It was later ported to the Japanese PlayStation in 1999. The compilation was also released in the west - first in arcades as "Konami 80's AC Special, then on the PlayStation as Konami Arcade Classics". It contained ten games; "Pooyan", "Scramble", "Yie Ar Kung-Fu", "Roc'n Rope", "Shao-lin's Road", "Circus Charlie", "Super Cobra", "Road Fighter", "Time Pilot" and "Gyruss". Each were released between 1981 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2852057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852057" title="Allophycocyanin">
Allophycocyanin

Allophycocyanin (from Greek: " (allos)" meaning "other", " (phykos)" meaning “alga”, and " (kyanos)" meaning "blue") is a protein from the light-harvesting phycobiliprotein family, along with phycocyanin, phycoerythrin and phycoerythrocyanin. It is an accessory pigment to chlorophyll. All phycobiliproteins are water soluble and therefore cannot exist within the membrane like carotenoids, but aggregate forming clusters that adhere to the membrane called phycobilisomes. Allophycocyanin absorbs and emits red light (650 & 660 nm max, respectively), and is readily found in Cyanobacteria (also called blue-green algae), and red algae. Phycobilin pigments have fluorescent properties that are used in immunoassay kits. In flow cytometry, it is often abbreviated APC. To be effectively used in applications such as FACS, High-Throughput Screening (HTS) and microscopy, APC needs to be chemically cross-linked.
Structural characteristics.
Allophycocyanin can be isolated from various species of red or blue-green algae, each producing slightly different forms of the molecule. It is composed of two different subunits (α and β) in which each subunit has one phycocyanobilin (PCB) chromophore. The subunit structure for APC has been determined as (αβ)3. The molecular weight of APC is 105,000 Daltons.
Spectral characteristics.
Cross-linked APC
As mentioned above, in order for APC to be useful in immunoassays it must first be chemically cross-linked to prevent it from dissociating into its component subunits when in common physiological buffers. The conventional method for accomplishing this is through a destructive process wherein the treated APC trimer is chemically disrupted in 8M urea and then allowed to re-associate through in a physiological buffer. An alternative method can be used which preserves the structural integrity of the APC trimer and allows for a brighter, more stable end-product.
Applications.
Many applications and instruments were developed specifically for Allophycocyanin. It is commonly used in immunoassays such as FACS, flow cytometry, and High Throughput Screening as an acceptor for Europium via Time Resolved-Fluorescence Resonance Energy Transfer (TR-FRET) assays.

</doc>
<doc id="2852082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852082" title="Cave Hill, Saint Lucy, Barbados">
Cave Hill, Saint Lucy, Barbados

Cave Hill, St. Lucy is in the Parish of St. Lucy on the island-nation of Barbados. Cave Hill, St. Lucy is a coastal area located on the north-eastern Atlantic Ocean side of the island. The beaches of the Cave Hill, St Lucy area are much rockier and rougher than the west coast, this is due to the turbulence of the Atlantic Ocean's waves.

</doc>
<doc id="2852088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852088" title="East Cambridge, Massachusetts">
East Cambridge, Massachusetts

East Cambridge is a neighborhood of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Referred to in modern times as Area 1, East Cambridge is bounded by the Charles River on the east, the Somerville border on the north, Broadway and Main Street on the south, and the railroad tracks on the west. 
Most of the streets form a grid aligned with Cambridge Street, which was laid out to directly connect what is now the Charles River Dam Bridge with what in 1809 was the heart of Cambridge, Harvard Square. The northern part of the grid is a roughly six by eight block residential area. Cambridge Street itself is retail commercial, along with Monsignor O'Brien Highway, the Twin Cities Plaza strip mall, and the enclosed Cambridgeside Galleria. Lechmere Square is the transportation hub for the northern side. The southern half of the grid is largely office and laboratory space for hundreds of dot-com companies, research labs and startups associated with MIT, biotechnology firms including Genzyme and Biogen Idec, the Athenaeum Press Building, light industry, an NRG Energy power station (formerly Mirant Kendall), and various small businesses. This half of the neighborhood is generally identified with Kendall Square. Along the waterfront are several hotels and taller apartment buildings.
History and development.
East Cambridge was originally an island, surrounded by Charles River marshes. The shoreline is shown as Lechmere's Point on Revolutionary War maps, and was the landing point for British troops en route to the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
The investors who constructed Craigie's Bridge encouraged the creation of the grid (which originally only extended to Charles and Sixth). By 1844, the island was connected to destinations on the mainland via a small number of roads: Harvard via Cambridge Street, what is now Kendall Square via Third Street (then Court Street), and two roads to Charlestown/Medford (Gore and Monsignor O'Brien Highway - formerly Bridge Street, and this was before Somerville split from Charlestown).
The area became host to the Middlesex County courthouse designed by Charles Bulfinch; industries like soap, furniture, and the Boston Porcelain and Glass Company; merchants; lawyers; and residences from factory worker cottages and the upscale "Quality Row" and "Millionaire's
Row".
Freight service to Lowell opened on the Middlesex Canal via the Miller's River around 1802, while the Middlesex Turnpike connected Broadway with points north around 1810. The Boston and Lowell Railroad began parallel freight service in 1835.
The Fitchburg Railroad opened on the north side of the neighborhood in 1843, while the Grand Junction Railroad (later Boston and Albany Railroad) was constructed on the west side in 1847. A B&A rail yard north of Binney and Portland fed freight tracks which ran down neighborhood streets (some of which can still be seen) to industrial customers from Rogers and Potter Streets. (The curve of the yard can still be seen on an industrial building on Fulkerson Street, formerly Ninth.) The quirky Meigs Elevated Railway, a steam-powered monorail, ran as a demonstration project in the late 1800s. "East Cambridge Begins at The Tracks", a controversial slogan in the early 20th century, challenged neighborhood honor between the residents of East Cambridge (Area 1) and Wellington-Harrington (Area 3).
Considerable landfill expanded the street grid to nearly its modern configuration by the 1920s, connecting with the surrounding neighborhoods but leaving the Lechmere Canal and part of the Broad Canal. The Miller's River and Middlesex Canal have since been completely filled.
From 1895 to 1940, there was a wide public park between Commercial Street and the Charles River. Designed by Charles Eliot, it was called The Front; part of it was sold for private development in 1950. Another riverside park was eliminated by the Museum of Science, which opened on the Charles River Dam Bridge in 1951. Around 1956-57, additional ramps, referred to as the Cambridge Viaduct, were installed to double the capacity of Memorial Drive under the Longfellow Bridge. The ramps split the road into two carriageways, westbound using the original First Street underpass, and eastbound using the new viaduct. The new configuration prevents safe pedestrian access to a stairway to the Longfellow Bridge, requiring a longer path of travel than by following the original seawall.
The high-rise Middlesex Jail was constructed in 1971 on top of the former Cambridge Superior Courthouse.
The 1978 East Cambridge Riverfront Plan resulted in the redirection of traffic to Commercial Street, improving a narrower strip of parkland along Cambridge Parkway for recreational use. A widened Binney Street, the riverside apartment buildings, the CambridgeSide Galleria, and the re-landscaping of the remaining Lechmere Canal with access to The Front were also enabled by this plan. The plan envisioned relocating Lechmere Station to the north side of Monsignor O'Brien Highway with a pedestrian overpass. 
Since the late 1990s, East Cambridge and its neighbor Lechmere Square have undergone a gentrification process, as old factories have been converted into condominiums and office space. The neighborhood is currently the site of most of large scale developments in Cambridge, including North Point, which plans over a dozen residential towers. In 2011, several new restaurants opened in the Kendall Square area. The relocation of Lechmere Station was made part of a land swap arrangement to be paid for by the NorthPoint developers, but due to the Great Recession will be paid for and implemented as part of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation extension of the MBTA Green Line in the 2010s.
Demographics.
There are predominantly Irish and Portuguese natives, with a mix of Polish and Italians along with professionals who work in Boston and Kendall Square. It is predominantly a middle-class neighborhood.
Per city data, in 2005 East Cambridge had a population of 7,294 residents living in 2,726 households. The average household income was $47,979.
Since 2005 the average household income has risen and real estate values have increased significantly. The boom in Kendall Square area has brought a lot of development and modernization to the area.
Notable residents.
Dorothea Lynde Dix became an advocate for the humane treatment of the mentally insane in the Antebellum era when she volunteered as a Sunday School teacher in East Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2852092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852092" title="Reto Ziegler">
Reto Ziegler

Reto Pirmin Ziegler (born 16 January 1986) is a Swiss footballer who plays for three-time defending Serie A champions Juventus.
He has played top-flight football in six different countries, and earned 32 international caps for Switzerland, playing at both the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Early career.
Ziegler was in the summer of 2004 signed by Tottenham Hotspur to a contract initially meant to begin on 1 January 2005, when his contract with Grasshoppers expired. But the two clubs, reportedly by initiative of then-Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen, were able to agree to an immediate transfer, and Reto joined Tottenham in late August of that year.
Tottenham.
Despite being just 18 years old, he soon made his debut and became an important member of the team under both coach Jacques Santini, who left in October after just a few months in charge, and his successor, Martin Jol. He featured mostly at left midfield but also played a few games as left full-back, often switching position with Timothée Atouba, another versatile left-sided player with the team at the time.
He featured in 31 games in all competitions that season, including 23 in the Premier League. He showed great promise and improvement, and became popular with the fans for his attack-minded play on the left side and good passing ability. Some of his most memorable moments from that season came in the home loss to Arsenal, when near the end of the game he played a delicate chipped pass to Frédéric Kanouté, who scored to make it 4–5, and in the New Year's Day game against Everton, where he scored his first goal en route to a 5–2 Tottenham win. It had so far been the only goal of his professional career. At the end of the season, he was named the "JSM Young Player Of The Year", an award given to a young Tottenham player by its junior fan club.
In the summer of 2005, he was sent on loan to Hamburger SV of the German Bundesliga, where he featured in 11 games and three UEFA Cup games, but was criticised by manager Thomas Doll for a poor attitude and rarely played more than a few minutes per game. He was recalled from the loan by Tottenham in January 2006, only to be put back out on loan, this time at another Premiership team, Wigan Athletic. He played until the end of the 2005–06 season, getting five starts and five substitute appearances in the Premier League and one start in the FA Cup, performing well but not spectacularly. He also appeared as a substitute for Wigan in the 2006 Football League Cup Final.
Ziegler returned to Tottenham for the 2006–07 season and featured in four games, including starts in the Carling Cup against MK Dons and UEFA Cup against Slavia Prague and a substitute appearance against Manchester United in the league. On 31 January 2007 he joined Sampdoria on loan until the end of the season.
Sampdoria.
On 18 February 2007, Ziegler played his first Serie A match for Sampdoria against Parma and scored his first goal in his 10th Serie A appearance for the club against Messina on 21 April 2007. In May, Spurs brought in young left back Gareth Bale and Ziegler opted to sign for Sampdoria permanently on 3 July 2007. During his first season, he was in and out of the starting line-up and most of his appearances were substitutions.
Ziegler finally managed to retain his place more regularly during the first half of the 2009–10 season. After a string of substitute appearances, he became first-choice left back. During the winter transfer window, he was linked with a move to Juventus. Having just secured his place in the starting eleven, he refuted the transfer rumours saying that he wanted to continue his run in the starting line-up in hopes of being selected for the upcoming World Cup.
Since his contract would expired on 30 June 2011, in January 2011 he was linked to A.C. Milan, as Sampdoria opted gain some cash. However Ziegler did not leave. Instead, Sampdoria sold its striker Giampaolo Pazzini and let Antonio Cassano leave as a free agent. The team performed badly and was relegated.
Juventus.
Ziegler joined Juventus on a free transfer on 26 May 2011, having signed a 4-years contract. He passed a medical on 25 May.
Fenerbahçe.
On 2 September 2011, Fenerbahçe announced they are holding discussions with Juventus and Ziegler to loan him for the 2011-2012 season. On 3 September 2011, it was announced that agreement has been reached on every side.
On 22 April 2012 Reto scored the first goal of the derby match Galatasaray-Fenerbahce which ended 1-2.
FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
After his spell with Fenerbahçe has ended, he was loaned to FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
Fenerbahçe.
Ziegler returned to Fenerbahçe again on loan on 31 January 2013.
Sassuolo.
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio confirmed on 20 August 2013 its acquisition of Ziegler on loan from Juventus for an undisclosed period and fee.
International career.
Ziegler is a former youth international and was in the Swiss U-17 squad that won the 2002 U-17 European Championships. He made his full debut for Switzerland in a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification game against France on 26 March 2005, helping his team secure a point through a 0–0 draw at the Stade de France. He gained two more caps before drifting out of the frame, and was not named to Switzerland's squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He scored a late free kick against the Netherlands in September 2008 to send Switzerland through to the play-off round of the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. On 19 November 2008, Ziegler scored his first senior goal for Switzerland, a powerful left-footed strike against Finland which won the match.
International goals.
"Correct as of 15 September 2011"
Personal life.
Ziegler's brother Ronald is also a footballer and plays for Swiss side ES FC Malley.

</doc>
<doc id="2852093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852093" title="Spring Gap Mountain">
Spring Gap Mountain

Spring Gap Mountain runs southwest northeast through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of north of "Spring Gap", from which the mountain takes its name. The gap is the source for Dug Hill Run, a tributary stream of the Little Cacapon River.
Spring Gap Mountain is a mountain ridge with its southern point rising north of Slanesville between Noland Ridge and Sideling Hill. North of Spring Gap, the mountain reaches its highest peak and continues northeast with the Little Cacapon River meandering by Neals Run along its western flank. The northern end of Spring Gap Mountain is located south of West Virginia Route 9 southeast of Paw Paw.
During the French and Indian War (1754–1763), Major General Edward Braddock's march from Winchester, Virginia to Cumberland, Maryland took him and his men across Spring Gap Mountain. Braddock and his men camped atop Spring Gap Mountain because of the abundance of fresh drinking water at the mountain's "Spring Gap." From the mountain, Braddock and his men traveled downhill to the Little Cacapon River, which they followed to Fort Cox on the Potomac River.

</doc>
<doc id="2852109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852109" title="Hurricane Georges (disambiguation)">
Hurricane Georges (disambiguation)

The name Hurricane Georges was available for use for tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean every 6 years in the period 1980-1998. The convention is that the name is retired after a major hurricane.
Prior to 1979, only female names were used. The name "Georges" was replaced in 2004 by "Gaston".

</doc>
<doc id="2852111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852111" title="Bob Sabourin">
Bob Sabourin

Robert Sabourin (born March 17, 1933) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach, and general manager. A left winger, he played one game in the National Hockey League (NHL), for the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1951–52 NHL season. He later played in the minor leagues, eventually joining the Jacksonville Rockets of the Eastern Hockey League in the 1960s. He subsequently became their head coach and general manager, serving with the team until they folded in 1971. Afterward he remained in Jacksonville, where he formed an advertising company with partner Jimmy Murdock to promote concerts, professional wrestling, and other events. He later owned the skating rink Skate World (now Jacksonville Ice), and owned another hockey team, the Jacksonville Bullets, which folded in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2852112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852112" title="New Haven Senators">
New Haven Senators

The New Haven Senators are a former ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League During The 1992–93 AHL season. The team played their home games at the New Haven Coliseum. The Senators were known as the New Haven Nighthawks. from 1972 to 1992. The team changed their name to match their new parent club, the Ottawa Senators.
The market was subsequently home to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852118" title="Dave Salvian">
Dave Salvian

David Clifford Salvian (born September 9, 1955) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League playoff game for the New York Islanders during the 1976–77 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852119" title="Prince Edward Island Senators">
Prince Edward Island Senators

The Prince Edward Island Senators were a professional ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League from 1993 to 1996. Originally located in New Haven, Connecticut for 21 seasons, including one as the affiliate of the Ottawa Senators, the franchise relocated to Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island for the 1993–94 American Hockey League season. During their three seasons on PEI they finished either last or second last in attendance in the AHL, with average attendance ranging from 2,300 to 2,500. The biggest NHL player to come out of the PEI organization would be Pavol Demitra, who spent three seasons on the Island. The franchise was forced to suspend operations after the 1996 season, claiming that it was not possible to keep an AHL team in a city as small as Charlottetown. 

</doc>
<doc id="2852121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852121" title="Darin Sceviour">
Darin Sceviour

Darin Sceviour (born November 30, 1965) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Blackhawks during the 1986–87 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852128" title="Brandy Semchuk">
Brandy Semchuk

Thomas "Brandy" Semchuk (born September 22, 1971 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired professional ice hockey right wing who played one game in the NHL with the Los Angeles Kings during the 1992–93 NHL season. Semchuk was selected in the 2nd round (28th overall) in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Los Angeles Kings. 
Semchuk played two seasons (1988–1990) on the Canada men's national ice hockey team under head coach Dave King. Prior to turning professional, Semchuk played 14 games in the WHL with the Lethbridge Hurricanes.
Semchuk also played in the AHL, ECHL, IHL, CHL, and later in the WCHL and WPHL. He was the head coach of the Fresno Monsters but is now retired.

</doc>
<doc id="2852129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852129" title="Nedum Onuoha">
Nedum Onuoha

Chinedum "Nedum" Onuoha (born 12 November 1986) is footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers. He is a defender, typically a centre back, but he can also play at right back or left back.
Biography.
Born in Warri, Nigeria, Onuoha was brought up in Manchester, England. He went to Nelson Street Primary School Miles Platting before becoming a pupil at the Hulme Grammar School, Oldham, where he achieved eight grade 'A's' and two 'B's' at GCSE. He then completed his studies at Xaverian College Manchester where he achieved three 'A' grades at A-level in Maths, Business Studies and IT. An outstanding junior sprinter; aged 14 he finished in second place in the final of the 2001 English School's Athletics Association Junior 100 metres contest, clocking 11.09 seconds and beating current Great Britain sprinter Craig Pickering.
He is also currently the co-national record holder for boys under 15 standing triple jump, in the Sports Hall events held annually throughout the UK, the record is held with international long jumper Jonathan Moore.
He is known to have supported Manchester City as a boy and attended the Manchester City youth academy.
Club career.
Manchester City.
Onuoha played regularly for Manchester City's reserves in the 2003–04 season, and had his first involvement with the Manchester City first team in the 2004–05 pre-season, playing in a friendly against Bury. He made his first team debut against Arsenal in the League Cup on 27 October 2004, at the age of 17. He made his Premier League debut as a substitute on 1 November 2004 at home to Norwich City. Though Onuoha's natural position is centre-half, manager Kevin Keegan initially played him at right back with the intention of improving his passing ability. Against Doncaster Rovers in a League Cup match, Onuoha was red carded for the first time in his career, after a collision with Rovers goalkeeper Andy Warrington. The red card was later rescinded however Manchester City went on to lose the game on penalties.
Onuoha made 18 appearances in his debut season, but suffered a series of injuries during the 2005–06 season, meaning he played only 12 games.
Due to injuries to various first choice players during the 2006–07 season, Onuoha enjoyed several long spells in the first team. He soon established himself and was rewarded with a new four-year contract.
He captained the Manchester City side to a 2–1 victory over Bristol City in the League Cup second round. He scored his first goal for City at home against Tottenham Hotspur on 16 March 2008 in a 2–1 win. On 5 April 2008 Onuoha dislocated his shoulder in a game against Chelsea and was ruled out for the remainder of the 2007–08 season following surgery.
The first half of the 2008–09 season was an injury-plagued time for Onuoha, missing most matches, however after City's 3–0 defeat to Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup, he started every single game until the end of the season, forming an effective partnership with Richard Dunne in the centre of defence.
On 29 July 2009, Onuoha agreed to a new five-year deal with Manchester City.
Sunderland (loan).
In August 2010, Onuoha joined Sunderland on a season-long loan. He made his Sunderland début on 14 August against Birmingham City at the Stadium of Light. He scored his first goal as the result of a brilliant dribble around three Chelsea defenders for Sunderland in a 3–0 win against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on 14 November 2010.
Queens Park Rangers.
On 26 January 2012, Onuoha agreed to a four and a half year deal with Queens Park Rangers, reuniting him with his former manager Mark Hughes.
He scored his first goal for the club on 3 August 2013, against Sheffield Wednesday, in the opening fixture of the 2013–14 season.
International career.
Onuoha was a regular in the England U-21 side, making his debut on 12 October 2005. He was part of the squad participating in the 2007 European Under 21s Championship in the Netherlands. During the Championships Onuoha was subjected to racist abuse from Serbian fans, but received praise for maintaining his conduct amid provocation. He was a regular at centre back, partnering Steven Taylor. During the semi-final against the Netherlands, he limped off with an injury and England were down to ten men as all three of the permitted substitutions had been made; they lost 13–12 on penalties. He captained the England Under-21 team for the first time in a 0–0 draw with Poland Under-21s. In the summer of 2009 he took part in the European Championships and played his last match for the U-21's.
In March 2007, Onuoha received an international callup from Nigeria, but has announced he would like to represent England at full international level. However, he has since admitted that he would play at the FIFA World Cup for Nigeria if he were to be called up.

</doc>
<doc id="2852131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852131" title="Jim Eggins">
Jim Eggins

Eldred James "Jim" Eggins (1898 – 28 January 1952) was an Australian politician and a member of the Country Party of Australia.
Jim Eggins was born at Grafton, New South Wales and educated in state schools. He served in the military in 1918 and later grew bananas in the Brunswick River region, and was a seed merchant in Lismore. He also served on Lismore City Council.
Eggins served as the Chairman of the New South Wales Fodder and Conservation Board. He was also Chairman of the New South Wales Country Party from 1945 till 1949.
He served in the New South Wales Legislative Council and was elected as the member for the Division of Lyne in the Australian House of Representatives in 1949. He died in office, prompting the 1952 Lyne by-election. His successor in the seat of Lyne was Philip Lucock.

</doc>
<doc id="2852134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852134" title="Zor">
Zor

Zor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852140" title="Transatlantic Partners Against AIDS">
Transatlantic Partners Against AIDS

Transatlantic Partners Against AIDS (TPAA) is a Non-governmental organization concerned with HIV and AIDS in Russia and Ukraine. TPAA presents the "Staying Alive" award at the Russian Music Awards to an individual or organization deserving of recognition in the fight against AIDS.
Actress Julia Ormond is an advocate of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="2852142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852142" title="Raymie Skilton">
Raymie Skilton

Raymond Nelson Skilton (September 26, 1889 – July 1, 1961) was an American professional ice hockey defenseman who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Wanderers.
Skilton was working as a munitions expert in Montreal, and offered the Wanderers $1 to play in the NHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2852150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852150" title="Christian Soucy">
Christian Soucy

Christian Soucy (born September 14, 1970 in Québec City, Province of Québec) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He appeared in three minutes of one National Hockey League game with the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1993–94 season. Soucy did not face a shot during that brief appearance. This effectively renders Soucy as the NHL's comparable version to Major League Baseball's legendary Moonlight Graham.
Soucy joined the Blackhawks after two years playing for the University of Vermont men's hockey team where he ranks third all-time in save percentage (.908) and fifth all-time in goals against average (2.99).
Throughout his 10-year career, Soucy played in various minor leagues, including the International Hockey League, American Hockey League, East Coast Hockey League, and Central Hockey League, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="2852154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852154" title="Red Spooner">
Red Spooner

Andrew George 'Red' Spooner (August 24, 1910 — May 7, 1984) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929–30 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852158" title="Paris-Soir">
Paris-Soir

Paris-Soir was a large-circulation daily newspaper in Paris, France from 1923 to 1944.
Its first issue came out in 4 October 1923. After June 11, 1940, the same publisher, Jean Prouvost, continued its publication in Vichy France: Clermont-Ferrand, Lyon, Marseille, and Vichy while in occupied Paris, it was published under German control from June 22, 1940 until August 17, 1944. Immediately prior the occupation of Paris, Paris-Soir boasted a circulation of two and a half million - - the largest circulation of any newspaper in Europe at that time. . Its editors included Pierre-Antoine Cousteau.
A Sunday edition, "Paris-soir dimanche" was published from December 22, 1935 until September 16, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="2852159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852159" title="Martin St. Amour">
Martin St. Amour

Martin St. Amour (born January 30, 1970) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Ottawa Senators during the 1992–93 NHL season. He is also a former head coach of the San Diego Gulls of the ECHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2852164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852164" title="Brian Stapleton">
Brian Stapleton

Brian Gregory Stapleton (born December 25, 1951) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Washington Capitals during the 1975–76 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852170" title="Frank Steele">
Frank Steele

Harold Franklin Steele (March 9, 1905 – December 3, 1992) was a professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Detroit Falcons during the 1930–31 NHL season. He died in Hollywood, Florida in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2852172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852172" title="Bud Stefanski">
Bud Stefanski

Stanley Michael "Bud" Stefanski (born April 28, 1955) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1977–78 NHL season. He is also a former head coach of the Ontario Hockey League's Barrie Colts and Toronto St. Michael's Majors. His son-in-law is Cory Stillman.

</doc>
<doc id="2852174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852174" title="Phil Stein">
Phil Stein

Philip J. Stein (September 13, 1913 — April 4, 1987) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1939–40 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852195" title="Cosmic Ray Deflection Society">
Cosmic Ray Deflection Society

The Cosmic Ray Deflection Society is a satirical/environmental pseudoscientific organization, based in New Orleans, Louisiana. A worldwide membership of over 250 members, the group believes the "deadly cosmic rays" are getting in through the hole in the ozone layer.
History.
Organized in May 1984, cosmic ray deflecting as a mental attitude was first realized in the fall of 1973 when reports first came out on the impending destruction of the ozone layer.
From the official website:
In order to save themselves, members believe:
Members of the group call the point at which the cosmic rays actually start being repelled Critical Mass:
Members also practice unexpected behaviors, according to the Dysonberg Confusion Principle.
The society's motto is "The Hat Comes First". The triangle formed with thumbtips and the tips of two first fingers is the secret sign to remember ozone, O3 protects all.
Since the early days of cosmic ray deflection, several art cars, or Cosmic Ray Deflection Motor Vehicles, have joined the growing collection of CR items. Members are now working on a Cosmic Ray House and Garden with patio in New Orleans, as well as shields for urbanwear.
The organization played an important role in the 1996 Black World Wide Web protest and the follow-up Blue Ribbon Online Free Speech Campaign. As a result, free speech issues were added to the organization's activities.
Membership.
The only requirements for membership into the CRDSNA is to build an anti-cosmic ray headpiece, (ACRaH.) and to attempt to read "Dhalgren" by Samuel R. Delany and "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" test by Tom Wolfe.
A local chapter is approved by getting three members to make ACRaHs. Local chapters hold monthly covered dish meetings to help build a Cosmic Ray Cookbook for future publication. Chapters are urged to adopt a local outsider artist and help see to their daily needs on an ongoing basis. Chapter activities include promoting local environmental and free speech issues. Robert's Rules of Order govern all meetings.
Dysonberg confusion principle.
The Dysonberg confusion principle is the second theory developed by the Cosmic ray Deflection Society, which contends that cosmic rays have a low level of intelligence which allows them to be easily confused by actions contrary to what is considered normal. Once confused, cosmic rays tend to retreat on their own to whence they came. 
The Cosmic Ray Deflection Society believes that abnormal actions such as wearing Foster Grant brand sunglasses when not famous, lighting fireworks on Christmas, giving gifts on Independence Day, and celebrating the holiday of "Valloween" on Valentine's Day "and" Halloween each year confuses the cosmic rays. Then, if the rays are in a sufficient state of confusion, and one is also protected by a cosmic ray suit, one will not be affected by the rays.

</doc>
<doc id="2852198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852198" title="Jim Stewart">
Jim Stewart

Jim Stewart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852204" title="Rick Sylvester">
Rick Sylvester

Rick Sylvester (Born April 3, 1942) is a climber and was a Hollywood stuntman, most famous for his BASE jump using skis and a Union Flag parachute from Canada's Mount Asgard for the James Bond movie "The Spy Who Loved Me" in July 1976. In 1971, he skied off the top of El Capitan and descended approximately 914 metres (3000 feet) by parachute. This was conceived as "the world's greatest ski jump". There were two more jumps made in secrecy to avoid arrest by the National Park Service; Rick wanted more footage shot from different angles. These jumps were made in 1972 and 1973. Already an expert skier, he spent 3 weeks learning sky diving to make this jump. Sylvester also worked in another Bond film, "For Your Eyes Only", where he did the stunt when Bond falls off the side of a mountain he is climbing in Meteora, Greece. He has since retired from stunt work.

</doc>
<doc id="2852207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852207" title="1964 college football season">
1964 college football season

During the 20th Century, the NCAA had no playoff for the college football teams that would later be described as "Division I-A". The NCAA cites national champions based on the final results of '"wire service'" (AP and UPI) polls. The AP poll in 1964 consisted of the votes of 55 sportswriters, each of whom would give their opinion of the ten best teams. Under a point system of 10 points for first place, 9 for second, etc., the "overall" ranking was determined. In the preseason poll for 1964, Ole Miss (University of Mississippi) was #1 with 425 points and the Oklahoma Sooners second with 400 points. As the regular season progressed, a new poll would be issued on the Monday following the weekend's games. The "writers' poll" by Associated Press (AP) was the most popular.
The Associated Press presented the AP Trophy to the Alabama Crimson Tide due to their 10-0-0 regular season record and their #1 finish in the AP poll. The University of Arkansas also had a 10-0-0 regular season in 1964, but finished #2 in the final AP poll. On New Year's Day, the Crimson Tide lost to the #5 ranked Texas Longhorns 17-21 in the Orange Bowl to finish the season with a 10-1 record and the Arkansas Razorbacks defeated the 7th ranked University of Nebraska 10-7 in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Since there were no further polls, Alabama's national championship was unaffected, despite Arkansas' undefeated, untied season. The Arkansas Razorbacks also did not win the UPI Poll in 1964 because it too named its national champion before the bowl games were played. However the Arkansas Razorbacks were named national champion by the Football Writers Association of America. After a one-year trial run in 1965, the AP Poll in 1968 began the still on-going practice of naming their national champion at the conclusion of the bowl games. The UPI Poll followed suit in 1974.
September.
In the preseason poll released on September 14, 1964, Mississippi (Ole Miss) was ranked first and Oklahoma second. Big Ten rivals Illinois and Ohio State were ranked #3 and #5 respectively, while 1963 champion Texas was #4. On September 19, #1 Mississippi beat Memphis State 30-0 at home, while #2 Oklahoma beat Maryland 13-3 on the road at College Park. #4 Texas defeated Tulane 31-0 at home.
The following week (September 26), #1 Mississippi was upset by a late Kentucky touchdown at Jackson, losing 27-21. #2 Oklahoma was crushed by Southern California (USC), 40-14, before a record home crowd. #3 Illinois beat California at Berkeley 20-14, and #4 Texas defeated Texas Tech 23-0. #5 Ohio State defeated Southern Methodist (SMU) at home, 27-8. In the poll that followed, the Texas Longhorns were the new #1 and USC #2, followed by 3.Illinois 4.Alabama and 5.Ohio State.
October.
On October 3, #1 Texas beat Army 17-6 at home. Meanwhile, #2 USC lost at Michigan State, 17-7 and #3 Illinois won 17-6 over Northwestern. #3 Alabama beat Tulane in a neutral site game at Mobile, 36-6. #5 Ohio State beat Indiana at home, 17-9. Previously unranked Kentucky earned a spot in the next poll after beating Auburn 20-0 in Birmingham. The top 5 were 1.Texas 2.Illinois 3.Alabama 4.Ohio State and 5.Kentucky.
Top-ranked Texas beat Oklahoma 28-7 at Dallas on October 10. In a Big Ten showdown at Champaign, Illinois, #4 Ohio State beat the #2 Illini 26-0. #3 Alabama beat North Carolina State 21-0. #5 Kentucky, previously 3-0, was beaten 48-6 by Florida State. This began a four-game losing streak for Kentucky, en route to a 5-5-0 season. #8 Michigan won at Michigan State 17-10. The top 5 were 1. Texas 2.Ohio State 3.Alabama 4.Notre Dame and 5.Michigan.
On October 17, #8 Arkansas beat the #1 Longhorns at Austin, 14-13. #2 Ohio State beat the USC Trojans in Columbus, 17-0. #3 Alabama and #4 Notre Dame remained unbeaten, defeating Tennessee (19-8) and UCLA (24-0) respectively. #5 Michigan lost to Purdue 21-20. Ohio State was the new #1. The #6 Nebraska, which had beaten Kansas State 47-0 (and outscored its opponents 171-34 in five wins), took over 5th place. The rankings were 1.Ohio State 2.Notre Dame 3.Alabama 4.Arkansas 5.Nebraska.
October 24 had #1 Ohio State over Wisconsin at home, 28-3. #2 Notre Dame beat Stanford 26-7, #3 Alabama beat Florida 17-14. #4 Arkansas beat Wichita State 17-0, and #5 Nebraska beat Colorado 21-3. The top five remained the same in the next poll.
October 31, #1 Ohio State beat Iowa 21-19, while #2 Notre Dame defeated Navy 40-0. In the next poll, the Fighting Irish rose to #1 . #3 Alabama (23-6 over Ole Miss), #4 Arkansas (17-0 over Texas A&M) and #5 Nebraska (9-0 over Missouri) remained unbeaten.
November.
November 7, #1 Notre Dame beat the Pitt Panthers at Pittsburgh 17-15. Meanwhile, #2 Ohio State's suffered its first loss to unranked (3-4-0) Penn State, 27-0. #3 Alabama (17-9 over LSU), #4 Arkansas (21-0 vs. Rice) and #5 Nebraska (14-7 over Kansas) stayed unbeaten, and moved up to 2, 3 and 4 in the poll. Texas(7-1), whose lone loss had been to Arkansas, was fifth after its 20-14 win at Baylor.
November 14, #1 Notre Dame hosted Michigan State and beat them 34-7. #2 Alabama beat Georgia Tech in Atlanta, 14-7, to stay unbeaten, as did #3 Arkansas (44-0 over SMU) and #4 Nebraska (27-14 vs. Oklahoma State). #5 Texas won 28-13 over TCU. The poll remained unchanged (1.Notre Dame 2.Alabama 3.Arkansas 4.Nebraska 5.Texas)
November 21, #1 Notre Dame beat Iowa in South Bend, 28-0. #3 Arkansas beat Texas Tech 17-0 to close its regular season unbeaten (10-0-0). #4 Nebraska suffered its first loss, at Oklahoma, 17-7. Michigan defeated Ohio State 10-7 to win the Big Ten Title and a berth in the Rose Bowl . In the November 23 AP poll, unbeaten Notre Dame, Alabama and Arkansas were first, second and third, followed by Texas and Michigan. Thanksgiving Day saw #2 Alabama finish the regular season unbeaten (10-0-0) with a 21-14 win over Auburn in Birmingham. #5 Texas beat Texas A&M 26-7 to finish 10-1. On November 28, #1 Notre Dame led 17-0 at halftime but lost, 20-17, to USC at Los Angeles. With only Alabama and Arkansas remaining unbeaten, both with records of 10-0-0, the final AP poll was taken on November 30. Alabama took over the #1 spot and recognition as the NCAA national champion. Arkansas was ranked #2, while Texas rose to 3rd. Notre Dame dropped to 4th and Michigan was 5th.
Alabama won the SEC championship, but a "no repeat rule" prevented them from playing in the Sugar Bowl for a second straight year. The Orange Bowl invited Alabama and Texas on November 21. The Cotton Bowl Classic had invited then-unbeaten Nebraska on November 15 to play unbeaten Southwestern Conference champion Arkansas. As such, there would be no #1 vs. #2 matchup in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Notre Dame declined to play in a bowl game. The Irish would not play in any bowl games until the 1969 season.
Conference standings.
The following is an incomplete list of conference standings:
Bowl games.
In the Orange Bowl, #1 Alabama, led by quarterback Joe Namath, fell to #5 Texas 21-17. In the final minutes, down by four and facing 4th-and-goal at the Texas 1, Joe Namath ran a quarterback sneak but was stopped short of the end zone. In the Cotton Bowl Classic, Arkansas quarterback Fred Marshall drove #2 Arkansas to a touchdown with 4:41 left to beat #6 Nebraska 10-7. Notable members of the 1964 Arkansas team include Jerry Jones, later the billionaire owner of the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL, and Jimmy Johnson, whom Jones would hire as coach of the Cowboys. #5 Michigan routed #8 Oregon State 34-7 in the Rose Bowl, while in the Sugar Bowl, #7 LSU beat unranked Syracuse 10-7 on a late field goal.
A five member committee of the Football Writers Association of America awarded the University of Arkansas Razorbacks the "Grantland Rice Trophy" as the #1 team in a poll taken after the bowl games. The Helms Athletic Foundation, which also took polls after the bowl games, named Arkansas as 1964 National Champions. Notre Dame was named as the National Football Foundation's national champion. In 1965, the AP's final poll came after the bowl games, but the policy did not become permanent until 1968. The Coaches' Poll adopted the same policy in 1974. Arkansas and Alabama legitimately claim the 1964 National Championship, since all selectors of national title teams are documented in the official 2010 NCAA FBS College Football Record Book. These selectors, including the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll, were nationally syndicated in newspapers and magazines during the 1964 football season.
Other bowls:
Other champions.
The schools that are now in the NCAA's "Division I-AA" were ranked (along with smaller schools) in the "small college poll" taken by both the UPI (coaches) and AP (a panel of writers). In 1964, UPI ranked the 8-0-0 Golden Eagles of Los Angeles State University as #1 (the school is now California State University at Los Angeles, and has no football team). The 8-0-0 Wittenberg College Tigers (now a Division III team) were 2nd in the UPI poll, and #1 choice for the AP panel. In the NAIA championship game, the Cobbers of Minnesota's Concordia College and the Bearkats of Sam Houston State University played to a 7-7 tie.

</doc>
<doc id="2852218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852218" title="Officer Qualification Record">
Officer Qualification Record

"OQR" refers to the Officers Qualification Record, NAVMC 123a, and is one of the best sources of information concerning US Marine Officers. It is similar to the enlisted Service Record Book (SRB) with only minor differences. This "record presents a cumulative and concise summary of basic events in the officer's career from the time of acceptance of appointment to separation. The OQR also serves as the basis for reporting information into the Marine Corps Total Force System and provides commanders with background information to assist them in officer personnel planning and assignment."
An officer's OQR contains, at a minimum, his NAVMC 763 (Appointment Acceptance) (essentially the officer version of a contract), NAVMC 118(3) (Chronological Record), NAVMC 118(11) (Administrative Remarks), Record of Emergency Data (RED), and Servicemembers Group Life Insurance (SGLI) Beneficiary Election Form. In addition to this, if the officer is a "mustang", prior enlisted, his enlistment contract(s) and DD Form 214. A NAVMC 10922 (Dependency Affidavit) is also included for married officers.
Standard Side of the SRB/OQR.
The documents located on the right hand side of the folder are in every record and can serve as a basis for comparison. A standard page may consist of more than one page and is often identified by its NAVMC form number rather than its title or actual position in the sequence.
DD Form 4 enlistment/reenlistment contract.
The first standard page is the basic agreement which establishes the legal relationship between the servicemember and the United States government. An officer will have an Appointment Acceptance and Record page (NAVMC 763) in place of an enlistment contract. This document represents the legal relationship between an officer and the Government.
NAVMC 118 (3).
The Chronological record page is a historical record of a servicemember's career listing all significant billets held and all units with whom they served. Periods of TAD as well as nonduty (UA, confinement, and hospitalization) will be reflected. Proceed, travel and leave are not recorded.
Record of service.
This page is a printout of the manpower management data base and lists all sets of proficiency and conduct marks that a Marine received while serving in the rank of corporal or below. The computer will figure and present the average marks in service and the average marks in grade. On this page you will also find a Marine's current composite score, which is used in calculating a Marine's eligibility for each promotion through the grade of sergeant. Officers/sergeants and above are not given pro/con marks, therefore this is not a standard page in an OQR. This recommendation is a portion of your participation in the enlisted promotion process. Guidelines from the IRAM are provided in Appendix A.
NAVMC 118 (8a).
The Military and civilian occupational specialties page is used in both SRBs and OQRs. In addition to specialties a Marine's education, both civil and military, is recorded here. The civilian education portion is not updated after initial entry. The page was automated and moved to the document side. All changes are now done electronically in the Marine Corps Total Force System (MCTFS).
NAVMC 118 (9).
The Combat history, expeditions and awards page (page nine) is used to record this important information in both SRBs and OQRs. This page was automated for the Marine Corps and moved to the document side of the SRB/OQR. All changes to the page 9 are now done through Unit Diary transactions into the Marine Corps Total Force System(MCTFS).
NAVMC 118 (11).
The Administrative remarks page is used in both SRBs and OQRs. The overall intent is to record any matter forming an essential and permanent part of a Marine's military history which is not recorded elsewhere in the SRB or OQR. There are more than thirty specific entries which can be made. Use the guidance offered in the IRAM for when and how entries must be made, especially when recording the results of a counseling session or a negative recommendation for promotion or reenlistment.
NAVMC 118 (12).
The Offenses and punishment page is used in both records to record VA, declaration of desertion, the results of non-judicial punishment (NJP) and to record good conduct, selected marine corps reserve (SMCR), and armed forces reserve medal periods. Officers will not have NAVMC 118 (12) in the field OQR. 
Record of conviction by court-martial (NAVMC 118 (13)). This page is used in both records to record this information. If a Marine has never been convicted at a court martial he will not have a page thirteen. 
Record of emergency data (RED). This page is next in both records. It contains the most current information on a Marine's next-of-kin and any insurance companies that the Marine wishes to have notified in the event of death or serious injury.
Serviceman's group life insurance election document.
This page follows the RED, and it must always be kept up-to-date because it designates to whom this insurance will be awarded in the event of the Marine's death. 
Permanent record of enlisted flight time (OPNAV form 1326/2). This page is maintained as the last document on the standard pages side of an SRB for those Marines who have performed duty as naval aircrewmen.
Document Side of the SRB/OQR. This half of the record is reserved for inserting superseded standard pages, official letters, certificates, and various other documents. The IRAM lists more than fifty examples of documents which may be filed on this side of the record. Any document placed here must be of permanent value. The order in which they will be placed will be determined by the local command.
The commanding officer's copy(s) of a Marine's leave and earnings statement (LES) will normally be kept as the first document(s) on this side. These will be retained until the annual LES verification is completed; this takes place during the month which coincides with the last digit of a Marine's social security number. Until a period of leave or delay is reflected on a Marine's LES, a copy of the orders which authorized the leave period will be retained here. 
Basic training record (BTR).
For the Marine Corps this is a computer generated printout of the Marine Corps Total Force System(MCTFS). The local admin section produces the record using the on-line diary system. The printout is now a permanent part of the SRB/OQR and should be updated at least once a year. The BTR contains the following information on a Marine:
Basic individual record (BIR).
This document is also computer generated printout of the Marine Corps Total Force System(MCTFS). organized in the following manner:
State and federal tax filing forms such as the IRS W-4 form will be located on the document side along with a State of Legal Residence Certificate. 
NAVMC 10922.
The dependency application form, located on the document side, certifies a servicemembers right to Basic Allowance for Housing at the "with dependents rate."
DD Form 1172.
An Application for uniformed services ID card-DEERS enrollment, when completed, certified, and keyed into the unit diary system will enter a Marine's dependents on the DEERS program. Failure to enroll one's dependents in DEERS can result in the denial of medical or other benefits. Marines may also enroll their families in the dependents dental plan with DD form 2494. 
NAVMC 11051.
Assignment to government quarters, is completed when a Marine accepts government quarters in lieu of BAQ. 
Official letters authorizing alternate body weight standards must be filed on the document side of the record. It is essential for Marines granted a waiver to have this letter as part of their permanent record. Failure could result in lost promotions or duty assignments for the Marine concerned.
DD Form 1561.
Statement to substantiate payment of family separation allowance, when completed and filed in a service members record entitles them to FSA. The form must be completed every time a service member is deployed for thirty or more consecutive days.
As part of their record, dual service parents and single parents must file a special power of attorney on the document side of their OQR/SRB. This special power of attorney will detail the Marine's care plans for minor children in the event of deployment.
When a Marine is given special authority for reenlistment or extension of enlistment or when awarded a remedial promotion, the appropriate documentation must be retained on the document side of the SRB. A career planning contact record should be filed on the document side of the SRB of first term Marines to document counseling with the command's career planner.
For Marines who work with classified material a number of important documents may be retained. These include the record of personnel reliability program (PRP), the PRP screening and evaluation record, security termination statements, national agency check requests, requests for personnel security investigations, and personal history statements. 
Punitive and non-punitive letters of reprimand as well as page 11 entry rebuttals will be filed near the end of the document side.
As the last document retained, there will be a record of disclosure, OPNAV FORM 5511/14, to record to whom and on what date information from the record has been released
Summary. This handout has examined the most common and useful personnel records available in the Marine Corps. Take care of your Marines and yourself by ensuring their accuracy and completeness at all times.

</doc>
<doc id="2852219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852219" title="Barry Sullivan">
Barry Sullivan

Barry Sullivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852225" title="Water Mill, New York">
Water Mill, New York

Water Mill is a hamlet of the Town of Southampton and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 1,559 at the 2010 census. Its ZIP code is 11976.
As of 2010, Water Mill was listed as the fourteenth most expensive ZIP code in the United States by Forbes. The median home price was $2,965,097.
History.
In 1644, England gave Edward Howell of land near the new settlement of Southampton to build a mill for settlers to grind their grain into meal. It became a landmark, and people began referring to other settlements that popped up as "east or west of the watermill." By the 1800s, the area was known as Water Mills and was later changed to Water Mill. Howell's Water Mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Today, the hamlet boasts its status as the only settlement on the South Fork of Long Island with both a functioning watermill and windmill. Today Water Mill is a resort community of beautiful beaches, farms and mega mansions. Celebrities and public figures such as Richard Gere, Jennifer Lopez, Matt Lauer, Senator Frank Lautenberg, Steven Schwartzman and Bruce Blakeman have homes or vacationed there. Louise Fitzhugh's young adult novel "The Long Secret" takes place in Water Mill.
Geography.
Watermill is located at 40° 55' 0" North, 72° 20' 50" West (40.916759, -72.347225). According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 12.34%, is water.
Demographics of the CDP.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,724 people, 722 households, and 475 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 156.8 per square mile (60.6/km²). There were 1,461 housing units at an average density of 132.9/sq mi (51.3/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.42% White, 2.49% African American, 0.70% Asian, 0.93% from other races, and 0.46% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.31% of the population.
There were 722 households out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.85.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 20.1% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $84,400, and the median income for a family was $84,272. Males had a median income of $60,357 versus $39,167 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $59,987. About 4.9% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="2852235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852235" title="Bernhard Frank">
Bernhard Frank

Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) Bernhard Frank (15 July 1913 – 29 June 2011) was an SS Commander of the Obersalzberg complex who arrested Hermann Göring on April 25, 1945 by order of Adolf Hitler, who had been manipulated by Reichsleiter Bormann into believing Göring was attempting to usurp the Führer's authority. Frank placed Göring under house arrest but ignored later orders to execute the Reichsmarschall.
Frank was reportedly one of the few Schutzstaffel officers inducted into the rites at Wewelsburg Castle, and after the war claimed that he had arranged the eventual surrender of Berchtesgaden (where Hitler's mountain residence, the Berghof, was located), to prevent needless damage to the Berghof. He later wrote a 144-page book entitled "Hitler, Göring and the Obersalzberg".
In December 2010, Mark Gould announced that he had spent several years befriending Frank and coaxing his story out of him, and that Frank had confessed to him a role in the Holocaust far more extensive than had previously been known. Gould recorded their conversations, and says that in one of them Frank told him that on July 28, 1941, he signed an order that led to the SS massacre of Jews in Korets, including relatives of Gould's adoptive father. Gould released an edited extract of his recordings on the internet.
According to Gould, this order was "the first order of the Reich instructing the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of Jews, later turning into the Nazi systematic extermination machine. Historian Guy Walters described this characterisation as "pure junk"; in an article downplaying Gould's findings, he denounced as "ludicrous" the idea that Frank "somehow started the Holocaust".

</doc>
<doc id="2852249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852249" title="Olive Dame Campbell">
Olive Dame Campbell

Olive Dame Campbell (1882–1954) was an American folklorist.
Born Olive Arnold Dame in West Medford, Massachusetts, she married John C. Campbell, American educator, in 1907. After his death, she co-founded and directed the John C. Campbell Folk School in Brasstown, North Carolina in 1925. Further, she helped in the formation of the Southern Highland Craft Guild. After a 1909 grant, she compiled Tennessee and Kentucky folk song lyrics with her husband. These were published in the seminal work, "English Folk Songs from the Southern Appalachians" by Cecil Sharp and Olive Campbell (1917, New York). This work loosely served as the basis for the film "Songcatcher".
In 2008, Revels Repertory Company created a tribute to her and the music she collected, entitled "Voices of the Mountain", which has been and will be performed throughout eastern Massachusetts during the 2008/2009 and 2009/2010 seasons.
Biography.
Olive Dame Campbell (1882–1954) was born Olive Dame and was raised in Medford, Massachusetts. From a young age, education played an important role in her life, as her father was the head of a private high school. She graduated from Tufts College in 1900 during a time when most women did not pursue higher education. Three years after graduating, she met her future husband John Charles Campbell, fifteen years her senior, who was a missionary school teacher.
Olive was Campbell’s second wife, and together they traveled to Appalachia, where John had received a grant to study the area’s social and cultural conditions in hopes of improving their school systems. While there, Olive noted that ballads sung by the residents had strong ties to both English and Irish folk songs. The ballads that she collected would eventually be published as "“English Folk Songs from the Southern Appalachians”" by Cecil Sharp and Olive D. Campbell in 1917. This collection would later influence several productions. One resulting production was the 2000 drama film Songcatcher, which was loosely based on the book. Another tribute to Olive Dame Campbell’s work with folk songs will take place from 2008 to 2010 by the group Revels Repertory Company, entitled "Voices of the Mountain", which will explore the life and work of Olive Campbell.
After being married only twelve years, Olive’s husband John died in 1919. After John's death, Olive worked on collecting and organizing his notes from their work together so that a report of his survey could be published. Attempting to follow the writing style of her husband as much as possible, Olive Campbell successfully published "“The Southern Highlander and His Homeland”" in 1921, under John’s name.
A year later, Olive Dame Campbell was back to work and ready to embark on a trip to Copenhagen via a fellowship provided by the American-Scandinavian Foundation in order to study the Danish Folk School style of education, in hopes of finding a way to revitalize the local Appalachian school system. Accompanied by her sister Daisy Dame and colleague Marguerite Butler, the women spent eighteen months traveling between Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland, visiting local schools along the way.
Upon her return, Olive set to work forming the John C. Campbell Folk School in 1925 in Brasstown, North Carolina. This folkehjskoler, or folk school, was dedicated to her late husband, and was based on noncompetitive Scandinavian schools for common people, where no grades were given and no one ever failed. Instead, students and teachers formed a community that worked together in the process of improving their quality of life through education. Keith House, the heart of the Folk Skill was built on land donated by the parents of Fred O. Scruggs, with materials and labor pledged and donated by local people who were delighted to have a school dedicated to their well being. At first the curriculum centered around improving agricultural practices to relieve poverty. For decades regional folk dancing was also encouraged. With Olive's encouragement, idle men sitting outside of Fred O. Scruggs' General Store found a way to bring much-needed income to their families by carving realistic animals. The Brasstown Carvers began with Olive's designs then branched outinto original work.
Legacy.
Today the Folk School attracts students from all over the country (and some from abroad)while still offering people from the surrounding Appalachian area ways to improve their quality of life. Traditions such as Morning Song give students the opportunity to begin their day with stories and songs from the region. Staff, work-studies. and visiting students dine together family-style on freshly prepared foods in the dining hall bearing Olive Dame Campbell's name. Some of the vegetables, fruit, and honey come from the Folk School's own organic garden. On Tuesday nights live music and a caller are provided so that students and neighbors can get a taste of the Folk School's decades old tradition of contra dancing. On Saturday nights free concerts attract community members to the school. At the end of a week of course work students come together in Keith House to share examples of the work they have created.
After renovations and enhancements, based on student, faculty, and staff feedback, the Folk School's blacksmithing program has become the best in the world. The original blacksmith's shop was built with help from the AFSC, American Friends Service Committee. A wide variety of classes last from a single weekend to an entire week. In addition to blacksmithing, offerings include ceramics, spinning, weaving, dying, wood carving, woodworking on a lathe, furniture construction, book arts, painting, mixed media, garden art, gardening, landscaping, nature studies, cooking, masonry, storytelling, writing, singing, and the construction of musical instruments. The classes allow people to come together and enjoy learning in a relaxed, nonjudgmental atmosphere. The Folk School's motto "Sing Behind the Plow" is a reminder of Olive Dame Campbell's original vision of finding a joyous way for people to improve their quality of life through the experience of community.
Olive Dame Campbell continued to work in collecting ballads and handicrafts up until her death in 1954. She was known for her meticulous preservation of ballads, her sense of humor, and her attentive listening. While she had no surviving children, the legacy of her work in collecting crafts and ballads, along with the founding of the John C. Campbell Folk School, lives on today.
Other publications.
The following is a list of several other publications by Olive Dame Campbell (some publishers are unknown):
Campbell, Olive Dame. 1915. Songs and Ballads of the Southern Mountains.
Campbell, Olive Dame. 1928. The Danish folk school: its influence in the life of Denmark and the North. University of Michigan. 359 pages.
Campbell, Olive Dame, et al. 1937. George Lyman Kittredge additional papers on American songs and ballads.

</doc>
<doc id="2852252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852252" title="Northern Highway (Belize)">
Northern Highway (Belize)

The Northern Highway in Belize joins Belize City through Orange Walk Town and Corozal Town with the Mexican border at the state of Quintana Roo. Crude side-roads suitable only for over-land vehicles connect to such localities as Aguas Turbias, on the corner where Belize, Mexico and Guatemala meet.
On 21 September 2012, Prime Minister Dean Barrow announced that the Northern Highway would be renamed the Phillip Goldson Highway, named after a Belizean activist, editor and politician. The highway also passes the international airport also named for Mr. Goldson.

</doc>
<doc id="2852255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852255" title="Ronnie Sundin">
Ronnie Sundin

Karl Ronnie Sundin (born October 3, 1970) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman. He was defenceman and an alternate captain for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Elite League.
Playing career.
Sundin started his career in his hometown team Ludvika HC. At age 18 he joined Mora IK of the Swedish 2nd division and played there for four seasons. In 1992 he joined Västra Frölunda HC of the Swedish Elite League.
Sundin was drafted 237th overall by the New York Rangers in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, after a good year when he reached the Swedish Championships finals and made his debut on team Sweden in the World Championships.
An NHL one gamer, Sundin played one game for the New York Rangers in 1997–98. He spent most of the season with the Hartford Wolf Pack in the AHL, where he helped the club reach the Calder Cup semifinals. In 1998 Sundin returned to Sweden and resumed his career with Frölunda. Sundin has won the Swedish Championships with Frölunda in 2003 and again in 2005.
Sundin has represented Sweden in the World Championships 7 times, and 1 time in the Olympic games. In 2006 he was a member of the Swedish gold medal winning teams at the olympics and the world championships.
Sundin became the player with most games played for Frölunda HC in the 2nd game of the Swedish Championships final on April 11, 2006, when he played his 685th game for the club. The previous record holder was Stefan Larsson.
He retired after the 2008–09 season.
International play.
Played for Sweden in:
Career statistics.
International.
1 Includes all games played for the Swedish national men's ice hockey team

</doc>
<doc id="2852265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852265" title="Puddling (metallurgy)">
Puddling (metallurgy)

Puddling was one step in one of the most important processes of making the first appreciable volumes of high-grade bar iron (malleable wrought iron) during the Industrial Revolution. In the original puddling technique, molten iron in a reverberatory furnace was stirred with rods, which were consumed in the process. It was one of the first processes for making bar iron without charcoal in Europe, although much earlier coal-based processes had existed in China. Eventually, the furnace would be used to make small quantities of specialty steels.
Though it was not the first process to produce bar iron without charcoal, puddling was by far the most successful, and replaced the earlier potting and stamping processes, as well as the much older charcoal finery and bloomery processes. This enabled a great expansion of iron production in Great Britain, and shortly afterwards, in North America to take place. That expansion constitutes the beginnings of the Industrial Revolution so far as the iron industry is concerned. Most 19th century applications of wrought iron, including the Eiffel Tower and the Victorian era bridges and the original framework of the Statue of Liberty used puddled iron.
Later the furnaces were also used to produce a good-quality carbon steel; this was a highly skilled art, but both high-carbon and low-carbon steels were successfully produced on a small scale, particularly for the gateway technology of tool steel as well as high quality swords, knives and other weapons. 
History.
Puddling was one of several processes developed in the second half of the 18th century in Great Britain for producing bar iron from pig iron without the use of charcoal. It gradually replaced the earlier charcoal-fuelled process, conducted in a finery forge. 
It was invented by Henry Cort at Fontley in Hampshire in 1783–84 and patented in 1784. A superficially similar (but probably less effective) process was patented the previous year by Peter Onions. Cort's process consisted of stirring molten pig iron in a reverberatory furnace in an oxidising atmosphere, thus decarburising it. When the iron "came to nature", that is, to a pasty consistency, it was gathered into a puddled ball, shingled, and rolled (as described below). This application of the rolling mill was also Cort's invention.
Ninety years after Cort's invention, an American labor newspaper recalled the advantages of his system:
"When iron is simply melted and run into any mold, its texture is granular, and it is so brittle as to be quite unreliable for any use requiring much tensile strength. The process of puddling consisted in stirring the molten iron run out in a puddle, and had the effect of so changing its anotomic arrangement as to render the process of rolling more efficacious."
Cort's process (as patented) only worked for white cast iron, not grey cast iron, which was the usual feedstock for forges of the period. This problem was resolved probably at Merthyr Tydfil by combining puddling with one element of a slightly earlier process. This involved another kind of hearth known as a 'refinery' or 'running out fire'. The pig iron was melted in this and run out into a trough. The slag separated, and floated on the molten iron, and was removed by lowering a dam at the end of the trough. The effect of this process was to desiliconise the metal, leaving a white brittle metal, known as 'finers metal'. This was the ideal material to charge to the puddling furnace. This version of the process was known as 'dry puddling' and continued in use in some places as late as 1890.
The alternative to refining gray iron was known as 'wet puddling', also known as 'boiling' or 'pig boiling'. This was invented by a puddler named Joseph Hall at Tipton. He began adding scrap iron to the charge. Later he tried adding iron scale (in effect, rust). The result was spectacular in that the furnace boiled violently. This was a chemical reaction between the oxidised iron in the scale and the carbon dissolved in the pig iron. To his surprise, the resultant puddle ball produced good iron.
One big problem with puddling was that almost 50% of the iron was drawn off with the slag because sand was used for the bed. Hall substituted roasted tap cinder for the bed, which cut this waste to 8%, declining to 5% by the end of the century.
Hall subsequently became a partner in establishing the Bloomfield Iron Works at Tipton in 1830, the firm becoming Bradley, Barrows and Hall from 1834. This is the version of the process most commonly used in the mid to late 19th century. Wet puddling had the advantage that it was much more efficient than dry puddling (or any earlier process). The best yield of iron achievable from dry puddling is a ton of iron from 1.3 tons of pig iron, but the yield from wet puddling was close to 100%.
The production of mild steel in the puddling furnace was only achieved in about 1850 in Westphalia, Germany and was patented in Great Britain on behalf of Lohage, Bremme and Lehrkind. It worked only with pig iron made from certain kinds of ore. The cast iron had to be melted quickly and the slag to be rich in manganese. When the metal came to nature, it had to be removed quickly and shingled before further carburisation occurred. The process was taken up at the Low Moor Ironworks at Bradford in Yorkshire (England) in 1851 and in the Loire valley in France in 1855. It was widely used.
The puddling process began to be displaced with the introduction of the Bessemer process, which produced steel. This could be converted into wrought iron using the Aston process for a fraction of the cost and time. For comparison, an average size charge for a puddling furnace was while a Bessemer converter charge was (13,600 kg). The puddling process could not be scaled up, being limited by the amount that the puddler could handle. It could only be expanded by building more furnaces.
Process.
The process begins by preparing the puddling furnace; this involves bringing the furnace to a low temperature and then fettling it. Fettling is the process of painting the grate and walls around it with iron oxides, typically hematite; this acts as a protective coating keeping the melted metal from burning through the furnace. Sometimes finely pounded cinders was used instead of hematite. In this case the furnace must be heated for 4–5 hours to melt the cinder and then cooled before charging. Either white cast iron or refined iron is then charged into hearth of the furnace. For wet puddling, scrap iron and/or iron oxide is also charged. This mixture is then heated until the top melts, allowing for the oxides to begin mixing; this usually takes 30 minutes. This mixture is subjected to a strong current of air and stirred by long bars with hooks on one end, called puddling bars or rabbles, through working doors. This helps the oxygen from the oxides to react with impurities in the pig iron, notably silicon, manganese (to form slag) and to some degree sulfur and phosphorus, which form gases that escape with the exhaust of the furnace.
More fuel is then added and the temperature raised. The iron completely melts and the carbon starts to burn off as well. When wet puddling, the mixture will begin to "boil" due to the added iron oxide. The carbon dioxide formed in this process causes the slag to "puff up" on top, giving the rabbler a visual indication of the progress of the combustion. As the carbon burns off, the melting temperature of the mixture rises from to , so the furnace has to be continually fed during this process. Eventually the carbon is mostly burned off and the iron "comes to nature", forming into a spongy material, indicating that the process is complete and the material can be removed. The hook on the end of the bar is then used to pull out large puddle balls of the material, about 35–40 kilograms (70–80 pounds) each, and 30–38 centimeters (12–15 inches) in diameter. Sometimes a large pair of tongs are used to remove the puddle balls.
These puddle balls are then transported to the hammer or squeezer by dragging them along iron slopes built between the furnace and the shingling equipment or, more commonly, the puddle balls are loaded into iron wheelbarrows and transported to their destination. Shingling expels slag and welds shut internal cracks, while breaking off chunks of impurities. The iron is then re-heated and rolled out into flat bars or round rods. For this, grooved rollers were used, the grooves being of successively decreasing size so that the bar was progressively reduced to the desired dimensions. Some of the iron oxide is from the scales that form in the later steps of shingling and rolling. The quality of this may be improved by faggoting.
Working as a two man crew, a puddler and helper could produce about 1500 kg of iron in a 12 hour shift. The strenuous labor, heat and fumes caused puddlers to have a very short life expectancy, with most dying in their 30s. Puddling was never able to be automated because the puddler had to sense when the balls had "come to nature".
Puddling furnace.
The puddling furnace is a metalmaking technology used to create wrought iron or steel from the pig iron produced in a blast furnace. The furnace is constructed to pull the hot air over the iron without the fuel coming into direct contact with the iron, a system generally known as a reverberatory furnace or open hearth furnace. The major advantage of this system is keeping the impurities of the fuel separated from the charge.
There were two major types of puddling furnaces used in the United States. The first is the single puddling furnace, which is based on the same design used in England and, thus, the most common. The second kind is the double puddling furnace, which was most often found on the east of the Allegheny Mountains.
The general design of a single puddling furnace is as follows. The footprint of the furnace was 3.3–3.6 meters (11–12 feet) long, wide (depending on hearth size) and tall. The outer walls were 23 centimeters (9 inches) thick and made of typical brick and then covered by cast iron plates. Wrought iron square bars, called cross binders, are run through the roof of the furnace and bolted to the cast iron plates to keep the roof from collapsing. The chimney was tall and square. There would be a small work hole allowing access to the fire, and a work door allowing access to the hearth. The average work door was wide by tall, lined with firebricks on the inside and with a small square work hole for tools.
The hearth is where the iron is charged, melted and puddled. The hearth's shape is usually elliptical; in length and wide. If the furnace is designed to puddle white iron then the hearth depth is never more than . If the furnace is designed to boil gray iron then the average hearth depth is . Due to the great heat required to melt the charge the grate had to be cooled, else it would melt with the charge. This was done by running a constant charge of cool air on it, or by throwing water on the bottom of the grate.
The fireplace, where the fuel is burned, used a cast iron grate which varied in size depending on the fuel used. If bituminous coal is used then an average grate size is and is loaded with of coal. If anthracite coal is used then the grate is and is loaded with of coal.
A double puddling furnace is very similar to that of the single puddling furnace, with the major difference being there are two work doors allowing two puddlers to work the furnace at the same time. The biggest advantage of this setup is that it produces twice as much wrought iron. It's also more economical and fuel efficient as compared to a single furnace.

</doc>
<doc id="2852276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852276" title="Jim Lindsey">
Jim Lindsey

James Edgar Lindsey (born November 24, 1944) is a former American football running back for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League, having played from 1966 to 1972.
Lindsey was a member of the 1964 national championship-winning football team at the University of Arkansas, and founded Lindsey & Associates in Fayetteville, Arkansas in 1972. James Lindsey is a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity at the University of Arkansas - Xi Chapter.
Lindsey was a member of the University of Arkansas board of trustees and was a central to many of the decisions made by the board, including the hiring of head football coach Houston Nutt in 1997 and the decision to continue to play football games at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas.
In 1976, Lindsey filed for governor of Arkansas as a Democrat but lost in the primary election to incumbent David H. Pryor. He ran as a conservative and questioned a 20 percent increase in violent crime in Arkansas during 1975, Pryor's first year in office. Lindsey was initially approached by Republicans about carrying their gubernatorial banner in the general election. When Lindsey spurned the GOP recruitment, the party nominated an unknown plumber from Pine Bluff, Leon Griffith, to act as its placeholder nominee. Lindsey joined the GOP several years later.
Documentary Film.
In 2011, production began on a documentary film covering Lindsey's life. Narrated by Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, "The Jim Lindsey Story" details Lindsey's youth in the Arkansas Delta, role during the 1964 championship season, time in the National Football League, and rise in real-estate. The film features interviews with College Football Hall of Fame coach Frank Broyles, former Arkansas head coach Ken Hatfield, former NFL players Fred Cox and Dave Osborn, and Pro Football Hall of Fame coach Bud Grant. Executive produced by Emmy Award winners Larry Foley and Dale Carpenter, the documentary is presented by the University of Arkansas's Walter J. Lemke Department of Journalism. "The Jim Lindsey Story" is scheduled for release in fall of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2852290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852290" title="Didymosphenia geminata">
Didymosphenia geminata

Didymosphenia geminata, commonly known as didymo or rock snot, is a species of diatom that produces nuisance growths in freshwater rivers and streams with consistently cold water temperatures and low nutrient levels. It is native to the northern hemisphere, and considered an invasive species in Australia, New Zealand, and Chile. Even within its native range, it has taken on invasive characteristics since the 1980s. It is not considered a significant human health risk, but it can affect stream habitats and sources of food for fish and make recreational activities unpleasant. This microscopic alga can be spread in a single drop of water.
Description.
"Didymosphenia geminata" is a diatom, which is a type of single-celled organism unique for their silica (SiO2) cell walls. The life history of diatoms includes both vegetative and sexual reproduction, though the sexual stage is not yet documented in this species. Although it is symmetric only along the apical axis, typical of gomphonemoid diatoms, it is a cymbelloid, which are typically symmetric along both primary axes. Cells contain a raphe, which allows them to move on surfaces, and an apical porefield, through which a mucopolysaccharide stalk is secreted.
The stalk can attach to rocks, plants, or other submerged surfaces. When the diatom cell divides, through vegetative reproduction, the stalk divides too, eventually forming a mass of branching stalks. The nuisance build-up is not the cell itself, but their massive production of extracellular stalks. Extracellular polymeric substances (EPS) that form the stalks are made primarily of polysaccharides and protein, forming complex, multi-layered structures that are resistant to degradation.
Native range.
The native distribution of "D. geminata" is the cool temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, including the rivers of northern forests and alpine regions of Europe, Asia and parts of North America. Until its recent discovery in New Zealand, where it was introduced, it was never previously found in the Southern Hemisphere. The distribution of didymo in the last two decades appears to be gradually expanding outside its native range. Even within its native range, there have been reports of excessive growths in areas where it previously existed only in low concentrations.
Current distribution.
North America.
Canada.
Alberta: Earliest anessscdotal reports of Didymosphenia geminata blooms in Alberta rivers occurred as early as the mid-1990s (e.g. the upper Bow River in Banff National Park). Reports of Didymo presence and bloom formation have been documented for most rivers in the South Saskatchewan River Basin in recent years (2005 to current).
British Columbia: "Didymosphenia geminata" was first reported as a nuisance species in the late 1980s on Vancouver Island. Since that time, outbreaks of Didymo have been reported on the island and on the mainland.
Quebec: "Didymosphenia geminata" was first officially reported in 2006 but a recent report demonstrates that it was present in the sediments back in the 70s at the least.
New-Brunswick: "Didymosphenia geminata" was first reported in 2007.
United States.
Arkansas: In late spring / early summer of 2005, didymo was found directly below Bull Shoals Dam on the White River. The Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality has found a 13 mile reach of the river to be affected.
California: Rock snot has been around in Northern California for quite some time, and is commonly found on the North and South Fork of the Yuba River. It can also be found in reservoirs such as Lake Shasta, Bullard's Bar Reservoir, and Scotts Flat Lake.
Connecticut: In 2011 anglers reported blooms of didymo in the West Branch of the Farmington River to the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
Idaho: According to the Idaho Department of Fish and Game, didymo has been identified along the South Fork of the Boise River for a number of years. Biologists cannot say for sure if it is native to the drainage, or has appeared in the last 10 to 15 years.
Kentucky: Didymo was found in the Cumberland River below Wolf Creek Dam in the Crocus Creek area 2008. The State of Kentucky has banned felt-soled waders in the river to prevent spread of the organism.
Maryland: In May 2008, didymo was found in the Gunpowder River in Baltimore County. In December 2009, it was found in the Savage River in western Maryland. In May 2012, its presence was confirmed in Big Hunting Creek in Frederick County.
Missouri: There are currently no known infested streams in the state. The nearest infestation is located in the White River, just south of the Missouri-Arkansas border.
New Hampshire: During the summer of 2007, didymo was discovered for the first time in New Hampshire in the Connecticut River near Pittsburg.
New York: In August 2007, didymo was first discovered in New York State in a section of the Batten Kill, a Hudson River tributary, in Washington County. It has also been found in Esopus Creek in the Catskills.
Pennsylvania: Didymo has been confirmed in the Delaware River. In 2012, its presence was confirmed in the Youghiogheny River. In 2013, PA Department of Environmental Protection put out an alert that it has now been discovered in Pine Creek, Lycoming County.
South Dakota: Didymo has been present in Rapid Creek in South Dakota since at least 2005, and is blamed for a significant decline in the brown trout population there. It is also present to lesser extents in other nearby locations.
Tennessee: Didymo was found in the tailwaters of the Norris, Cherokee, Wilbur and South Holston hydroelectric dams in 2005, the first U.S. finding east of the Mississippi River.
Vermont: In June 2007, didymo was discovered in the Connecticut River near Bloomfield, Vermont, its first recorded discovery in the northeastern United States. The sighting was reported by a fishing guide and confirmed by Dr. Sarah Spaulding, a didymo expert from Denver, Colorado.
Virginia: Didymo was identified in western Virginia in the summer of 2006 in the Smith River, the Jackson River, and the Pound River.
West Virginia: In 2008, didymo was found in West Virginia in the Elk River in Webster County near Webster Springs and in Glady Fork and Gandy Creek, both in Randolph County. The alga was found in Seneca Creek in Pendleton County in 2009.
South America.
Chile: In 2010, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and a Chilean laboratory, Centro de Investigacion en Ecosistemas de la Patagonia (CIEP), confirmed the identification of the diatom Didymosphenia geminata (didymo) as forming extensive blooms in Chilean rivers in Chile's Los Lagos Region (X Región de Los Lagos) in the Andes west of Esquel, a town in the Chubut Province of Argentina, with reports from the Espolon River and the Futaleufú River for a total of more than 56 river kilometers affected.
New Zealand.
"Didymosphenia geminata" was discovered in New Zealand in 2004, the first time it was found in the southern hemisphere. To restrict its spread, the whole of New Zealand's South Island was declared a controlled area in December 2005. Extensive publicity was carried out to limit the spread, but it has subsequently been found in an increasing number of rivers there.
Preventing further spread.
The following methods have been recommended to prevent the spread of didymo in New Zealand:
Check: Before leaving the river, remove all obvious clumps of algae and look for hidden clumps. Leave them at the site. If you find clumps later don't wash them down the drain, treat them with the approved methods below, dry them and soak them in bleach for at least 4 hours.
Clean: Soak and scrub all items for at least one minute in either hot (60 °C) water, a 2% solution of household bleach, antiseptic hand cleaner, or dishwashing detergent.
Dry: If cleaning is not practical (e.g. livestock, pets), after the item is completely dry wait an additional 48 hours before contact or use in any other waterway.
New Zealand and the U.S. states of Alaska, Maryland and Vermont have banned anglers from wearing felt-soled boots. Orvis, a leading U.S. manufacturer of fly-fishing equipment, has started selling more rubber-soled boots than felt-soled.

</doc>
<doc id="2852299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852299" title="Bi-partisan appointment republican model">
Bi-partisan appointment republican model

The Bi-partisan appointment republican model is a proposal for Australian constitutional reform. If approved at referendum, the model would have established Australia as a republic with a Head of State appointed by the Australian Federal Parliament. The model was put to the people at the November 1999 republican referendum and was defeated by 54.4% of voters.
Model details.
Under the model, nominations for the Head of State or President could have been made by any Australian citizen or group of citizens. These would have been received by a nominations committee established by Parliament. The committee would provide a report to the Prime Minister on the most suitable candidates for the position. The Prime Minister would select a candidate after securing support from the Leader of the Opposition. This "bi-partisan" part of the procedure gives the model its name.
The formal appointment of the Head of State would have been made in a joint sitting of Parliament, attended by members of both the Senate and House of Representatives. A special two-thirds majority would have been required to ratify the candidate's appointment as Head of State.
The powers of the proposed Head of State would not have been substantially different from those of the Queen and Governor General. The Head of State would have been vested with the powers of executive government, but those powers would have been normally exercised on the advice of ministers.
Under the model, the term of the Head of State would have been five years. The Head of State could have been removed by the Prime Minister but this decision would have been subject to confirmation by the House of Representatives within thirty days. Any vacancy in the post would have been temporarily filled by the longest-serving state governor.
Rationale.
If implemented, the model would have established an Australian Republic by removing constitutional links to the monarchy. References to either Queen or Governor-General in the Australian constitution would have been replaced by a reference to the President of Australia.
Supporters of the model argued that the appointed President would carry out his or her duties in a very similar fashion to the current Governor-General, as the method of appointment requires the combined support of the major political parties. The President would continue to act on the advice of the Prime Minister, as to do otherwise would invite dismissal. Consequently, the change to a republic is argued to have minimal impact on the rest of Australia's parliament and government.
Although the 1999 referendum was limited to the federal jurisdiction, the model was able to be adopted with little modification by each of the six Australian states to complete the process of breaking formal ties with the monarchy.
Critique of the model.
The model was criticised for its lack of democratic qualities. The Head of State is not elected by the people and the Prime Minister may legally ignore all nominations made by ordinary citizens. The model was specifically criticised for allowing the Prime Minister to dismiss the Head of State.
The model was also criticised for its bi-partisan mechanism. According to some, the deliberate seeking of support by the Prime Minister to the Opposition Leader, who are by definition political adversaries, may influence the outcome of other policy contests. The mandate implicitly conferred by two-thirds of the parliament may encourage the President to make use of reserve powers.
History.
The model was originally developed by legal academic George Winterton, and influenced by systems used in Europe. The central concept was for a President, appointed by a two-thirds majority of parliament. Subsequent to a judicial process, the President could be dismissed by an absolute majority in both houses of parliament. After consulting with other experts, the proposal with drafted amendments was published in the "Independent Monthly", March 1992 and was supported by the Australian Republican Movement (ARM). 
In 1993 the model was reviewed as one of four options by the Republic Advisory Committee, chaired by Malcolm Turnbull who shortly after became ARM chair. Prime Minister Paul Keating presented a slightly altered version, providing both appointment and dismissal by a two-thirds majority of parliament. He declared that this version, often called the "Keating-Turnbull Model", should be put to the people. 
Under Prime Minister John Howard, the model was closely examined and criticised at the 1998 constitutional convention. The model evolved to incorporate a nominations committee and authority to dismiss the Head of State was taken from the parliament and given to the Prime Minister. With these changes, the model was supported by a simple majority of 73 out of 152 delegates, 22 abstaining. An absolute majority of 89 then agreed it should be put to the people.
At the 1999 Australian republic referendum, the model was supported by opposition parties, progressives and some conservatives who feared a future directly elected president, while monarchists and those favouring other republican models rejected it. The referendum failed, especially in rural and outer suburban electorates.
After the defeat, the Australian Republican Movement downgraded the model's status from preferred to one of six possible options. Its long-term future is likely to depend on the result of a proposed models plebiscite, which would allow electors to directly show their support for this version of republicanism.

</doc>
<doc id="2852303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852303" title="Baghban (film)">
Baghban (film)

Baghban (, Translated: "Gardener") is a 2003 Bollywood drama film directed by Ravi Chopra, featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini in lead roles. Aman Verma, Samir Soni, Saahil Chadha and Nasir Kazi portray their four sons. Salman Khan, Mahima Chaudhry, Paresh Rawal, Rimi Sen and Lilette Dubey are featured in supporting roles. It is an unofficial adaptation of the 1937 movie "Make Way for Tomorrow" and many scenes and the plot of the film was also inspired from the 1958 Kannada film "School Master" It has similar theme like the Hindi film Avtaar made in 1983 starring Rajesh Khanna and Shabana Azmi. It released to cinemas on 3 October 2003. This film was remade in Kannada as "Ee Bandhana" in the year 2007 starring Vishnuvardhan and Jaya Pradha in the lead. "Baghban" was originally a remake of "Oon Paoos", a Marathi film. Raja Paranjape was the lead actor and director of "Oon Paoos". It is kind of based on King Lear by Shakespeare, because King Lear will stay one month with one daughter and one month with another. 
Plot.
The movie tells the story of Raj Malhotra (Amitabh Bachchan), his wife Pooja (Hema Malini) and their four sons Ajay (Aman Verma), Sanjay (Samir Soni), Rohit (Saahil Chadda), and Karan (Nasir Kazi). Raj and Pooja have provided their children with everything they wanted, often at the cost of Raj's and Pooja's own requirements. The Malhotras also have an adopted son Alok (Salman Khan), who is in love with Arpita (Mahima Chaudhry) (both in special appearances). Alok was an orphan and Raj had provided him with money and education, bringing him up as his own son. Now a successful man, Alok worships Raj because of all his help and thinks him as his own father which he never had.
Raj has a flourishing job but, once he retires, he is no longer able to support himself and has to vacate the house he and Pooja have shared for years. They decide to live with their kids to get their love and affection. However, their kids do not want them, as they think looking after their parents will be a hassle. The children decide to split the parents up, each parent going to live with one of the sons for the next 6 months. The children think the parents will refuse the offer and therefore, they will remain in their home. However, the parents reluctantly accept the offer. The story shows how the aged parents endure this separation as well as horrible treatment from their children after all they have sacrificed for them during their lifetime. Saddened by the treatment he has received from his children and their families, Raj writes down all his feelings regarding how he fulfilled all his children's dreams and in return how they treat him, as well as his love for his wife, and how much pain their separation has caused, his writing eventually becoming a novel. To pass time in the lonesome and angry house he temporarily lives in, he makes friends that admire him and regard him more than Raj's own sons.
While changing their trains after 6 months, Raj and Pooja spend some time together in Mumbai, when they suddenly meet Alok, who takes them to his home and gives them the importance and care which their real sons did not give them. Raj then finds out that his writing has become a published book named "Baghban". This book becomes a big hit, selling the first copies immediately. Raj, as a result, gains the money he needs to support himself and Pooja in their old age. It is now that their four sons come back to their parents, asking for their forgiveness. However, they hold an ulterior motive: to get a hold of their parents' money. Raj is honored for his work, and the four sons attend with their wives. When they ask Raj to forgive them, he refuses and instead disowns them. Not even Pooja will forgive her children for the pain they have put them through.
Raj stays with Pooja in their home, near Alok and Arpita, and enjoy the company of their grandchildren, Rahul and Payal, while disowning their sons and daughters-in-law..
Production.
B. R. Chopra wanted to make this movie in Hindi thirty years ago. He wanted Dilip Kumar and Raakhee to play the lead roles.
Mohnish Behl was offered Aman Verma's role; he did not accept it because he did not want to be portrayed as the father of a 15-year-old girl. Juhi Chawla was selected for the role of Salman Khan's wife but could not accept because of her pregnancy. Shahrukh Khan was offered the role played by Salman Khan. Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini were paired opposite each other 20 years after "Nastik" in 1983.
Amitabh Bachchan sung three songs himself.
Reception.
"Baghban" was premiered at the Leeds International Film Festival, England. It was critically acclaimed and went on to become one of Chopra's biggest hits. The film received an award at the EMVIE 2004 for best media innovation, cinema for the in-film placement of the ICICI group done by Group M.
Soundtrack.
Lyrics are penned by Sameer and Hasan Kamaal.

</doc>
<doc id="2852310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852310" title="Seamus Robinson (fencer)">
Seamus Robinson (fencer)

Seamus Robinson (born 1 April 1975 in Melbourne, Australia) was the first Australian fencer to win a Fencing World Championship title when he won the men's épée cadets (under 17) title in 1991, Foggia, Italy and to place third on the junior men's épée world cup in 1995.
Other results include:
Robinson competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, losing in the second round to eventual bronze medal winner Pavel Kolobkov.

</doc>
<doc id="2852314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852314" title="The Devil's Nose">
The Devil's Nose

The Devil's Nose is a steep but small mountain ridge that spans southwest northeast between the Little Cacapon and Potomac rivers in northeastern Hampshire County, West Virginia. From its southern end near Neals Run on Johnsons Hollow, The Nose rises from the landscape curving along a bend in the Little Cacapon River. From Johnsons Hollow, The Nose continues northeast flanked to its west by a plain at the Little Cacapon's mouth into the Potomac, and to its east by The Nose Hollow and Neals Run-Paw Paw Road (West Virginia Secondary Route 2/6). The Devil's Nose reaches the Potomac River shortly before the Morgan County line. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad separates The Nose from the Potomac's edge. On the Morgan County line is located the "Niagara Falls" of The Nose Hollow's stream shortly before it, too, reaches the Potomac.

</doc>
<doc id="2852326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852326" title="Sextus Appuleius">
Sextus Appuleius

Sextus Appuleius is the name of four figures during the 1st century BC and 1st century AD. The first Sextus Appuleius was married to Octavia Major, the elder half-sister of Augustus. The three subsequent figures named Sextus Appuleius are respectively the son, grandson and great-grandson of Sextus Appuleius (I) and Octavia Major.
Sextus Appuleius (I).
Date of his birth and death are unknown.
He married Octavia Major, the elder half-sister of Augustus, by whom he had at least one son, also named Sextus Appuleius (II). It is postulated that he had a second son, Marcus Appuleius, the consul of 20 BC.
It is possible that this Sextus Appuleius was "Flamen Iulialis".
Sextus Appuleius (II).
Sextus Appuleius (II) was the son of Sextus Appuleius (I) and Octavia Major, the elder half-sister of Augustus. The year of his birth is uncertain, but, based the date of his consulship, was probably in the late 60s BC.
This Sextus Appuleius achieved a number of notable offices during the reign of his half-uncle. He was ordinary consul with Augustus in 29 BC. He then served as proconsul of Hispania in 28 BC, then as proconsul of Asia 23-22 BC. As a result of some unspecified event during this proconsulship he was granted a Roman Triumph in January 26 BC. 
He seems also to have served as governor of Illyricum in 8 BC, succeeding Tiberius in that post. He was a member of the college of augurs. 
It is possible that it was this Sextus Appuleius, and not his father, who was "Flamen Iulialis".
According to an inscription in the province of Asia, he was married to a woman named Quinctilia, who was a sister to the Roman politician and general, Publius Quinctilius Varus. By her, he had a son, also named Sextus Appuleius (III).
It has been proposed that the middle-aged flamen on the Ara Pacis is this Sextus Appuleius in his role as "Flamen Iulialis" [http://bib18.ulb.ac.be/cdm4/item_viewer.php?CISOROOT=/shu013&CISOPTR=513&REC=12].
The date of his death is unknown.
Sextus Appuleius (III).
Sextus Appuleius (III) was the son of Sextus Appuleius (II) and Quinctilia. This Sextus Appuleius (III) was also a half-great-nephew of Augustus via his father.
His career is largely unknown, except that he became ordinary consul in the year 14.
It was during his consulship in 14, that his half-great-uncle, Augustus, died and was succeeded by Tiberius. Appuleius was the first to swear allegiance to Tiberius. 
He was married to Fabia Numantina, a daughter of either Africanus Fabius Maximus, or Paullus Fabius Maximus and Marcia, a maternal cousin of Augustus.
Appuleius and Fabia had one son, also named Sextus Appuleius (IV).
It is assumed he died not long after 14 because he is not mentioned subsequent to his consulship. He was survived by his wife, Claudia Marcella Major (niece of Roman emperor Augustus) and their daughter Appuleia Varilla. 
Sextus Appuleius (IV).
The son of the previous Sextus Appuleius (III) and Fabia Numantina.
He was born sometime in the early 1st century, but died young; his tombstone at Luna, set up by his mother, refers to him as "the last of his family" (the Appuleii).

</doc>
<doc id="2852331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852331" title="Appuleia Varilla">
Appuleia Varilla

Appuleia Varilla (flourished 1st century) was a Roman noblewoman and the only child of Claudia Marcella Major (niece of Roman emperor Augustus) from her third husband, Sextus Appuleius, consul in 14. Her four older maternal half-siblings were Vipsania Marcella, Lucius Antonius, Gaius Antonius and Iulla Antonia.
In 17, she was charged by Tiberius for committing adultery and speaking insultingly about the Roman emperor, his mother Livia Drusilla and Augustus. After the trial she was acquitted for treason, but her adultery was punished. She was removed from Rome and ordered not to go 200 miles near the city. This practice was traditional for relatives to do to family member(s) in this circumstance. Manlius, her lover, was banned from Italy and Africa Province.

</doc>
<doc id="2852332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852332" title="Sam Sullivan">
Sam Sullivan

Sam Sullivan, CM (born 1959) is a Canadian politician currently serving as the MLA for Vancouver-False Creek. Previously, he served as the 38th mayor of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and has been invested as a Member of the Order of Canada. He is currently President of the Global Civic Policy Society and Adjunct Professor with the UBC School of Architecture and Landscape Architecture.
Early life.
Sam Sullivan was born in 1959 to East Vancouver residents Lloyd and Ida Sullivan. His father ran Sully's Autoparts on East Hastings Street. He has three brothers Donald, Patrick, Terry and sister Carol. Sullivan attended Chief Maquinna Elementary and Vancouver Technical Secondary School in East Vancouver.
Quadriplegic.
Sullivan became paralyzed after he broke his neck in a skiing accident at the age of 19. Sullivan suffered a fracture dislocation of his fourth and fifth cervical vertebra, leaving him almost completely paralyzed.
After a seven-year struggle with depression, he successfully completed a Bachelor of Business Administration degree at Simon Fraser University. Sullivan later founded six non-profit organizations dedicated to improving the quality of life for disabled people in North America.
Order of Canada.
In 2005, Sullivan was inducted into the Order of Canada, the nation's highest civilian award for community achievement. This was on account of his work to improve the lives of those with significant disabilities. The Sam Sullivan Disability Foundation has raised over $20 million and served over 10,000 people with disabilities since its inception. Organizations he created include the following:
Tetra Society: this organization recruits technically skilled volunteers who create custom-made assistive devices that are not available on the market. There are currently 45 chapters throughout Canada and the USA that have created more than 5,000 devices.
Disabled Sailing Association: beginning at Vancouver's Jericho Sailing Center there are now 20 programs throughout Canada and the US. Sullivan initiated the development of the Martin 16 sailboat designed specifically for people with disabilities including high-level quadriplegics who use sip and puff technology. There are 150 of these sailboat in use throughout the world. Sullivan also initiated the Mobility Cup National Regatta for people with disabilities.
British Columbia Mobility Opportunities Society Wilderness Access Program: Sullivan worked with Tetra Volunteer Paul Cermak to invent the TrailRider, a one wheeled vehicle that enables people with disabilities to access the wilderness. There are currently 100 of these in use around the world and they have been used by people with significant disabilities to climb Mount Kilimanjaro and to the base camp of Mount Everest.
Vancouver Adapted Music Society: This organization operates a music studio in the GF Strong Rehabilitation Centre and supports the musical aspirations of people with disabilities including recordings and performances. Sam Sullivan and Dave Symington formed the band Spinal Chord and recorded an album of original music in 1993 called Why Be Normal? Sullivan played keyboards using custom-designed computer software and was vocalist for the band.
ConnecTra Society: This organization supports the employment and community engagement goals of people with disabilities.
In recognition of these achievements, Sullivan was also inducted into the Terry Fox Hall of Fame in 2000 and won the Christopher Reeve Award in 2008.
City Councillor.
Sullivan was first elected to Vancouver City Council in 1993 as a member of the Non-Partisan Association (NPA). Sullivan served for 15 years total on Vancouver city council.
In Vancouver's 2002 General Local elections, Sullivan was the only incumbent member of city council from the Non-Partisan Association to win re-election after the NPA-dominated council was defeated by the COPE party, leaving only 5 out of 27 seats on Council, School Board and Park Board.Vancouver municipal election, 2002
In 2004, he led the Knowards campaign opposing the COPE-initiated campaign to replace the city's at-large system of choosing councillors with a ward voting system. The proposal was defeated 54% to 46% in a referendum.
2005 mayoral race.
Following the 2002 electoral losses, the Non-Partisan Association rebuilt its slate for the 2005 election. Sullivan beat former BC Liberal Party deputy-Premier Christy Clark for the NPA mayoral nomination. He then led the party to electoral majorities on City Council, School Board and Park Board with 17 out of 27 seats.Vancouver municipal election, 2005
On May 2, 2006, Sullivan provided a statement to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police about his past decisions to provide money to illegal drug users. Because of increased public awareness surrounding these incidents during the mayoralty race, the Vancouver Chief of Police requested that the RCMP investigate these incidents.
Sullivan's statement gave a brief account of his decision to provide financial support to a 20-year-old woman working as a prostitute in his neighbourhood in the late 1990s, by providing $40 a day for three weeks for heroin. Sullivan also gave money to a severely addicted crack cocaine user so he did not have to steal and let him smoke in his van.
Jim / James Green Controversy.
In the election, Sullivan ran against several candidates, the most prominent of which was Vision Vancouver councillor Jim Green. Sullivan defeated Green by a narrow margin of 3,747 votes of 130,000 ballots cast. A second, independent, candidate named James Green also ran in this election gaining over 4,000 votes. The close margin of Sullivan's victory and the similarity of independent candidate James Green's name to that of Sullivan main opponent Jim Green led to major controversy at the time. Speculation that James Green was a "spoiler" candidate was inflamed when it became known that Sullivan had helped Green in a dispute about office space. No allegations were ever proven that Sullivan was supporting the independent candidate James Green, and both men denied any wrongdoing.
As mayor of Vancouver.
Citizen Sam documentary.
Mayor Sullivan was the subject of a National Film Board of Canada documentary "Citizen Sam". It premiered in November 2006, and the film was nominated for a Gemini Award.
Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Sullivan took part in the Closing Ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics, in the ceremony where the Olympic Flag was passed from Turin to Vancouver. The ceremony involves an official of the current host city waving the flag eight times, then handing it off to an official of the next host city, who waves it eight times. When it was his turn, the flag was put into a special bracket built into Sullivan's wheelchair. He then swung his wheelchair back and forth eight times to wave the flag.
After the event, Sullivan received letters from people across the world who were inspired by the act, and received many invitations to be a keynote speaker at conventions. "I especially was moved to get letters from people who wrote very eloquent letters, saying they had considered suicide, and changed their mind when they saw me perform my duties...To see I had such an impact on people's lives was truly a humbling experience," Sullivan said in response to the reaction.
EcoDensity initiative.
Shortly after the World Urban Forum held in Vancouver in June 2006, Mayor Sullivan launched the EcoDensity initiative. This included plans to densify Vancouver, including more towers and allowing secondary houses on existing single-family properties. Sullivan claimed higher densities and smaller ecological footprints were necessary to sustain a growing population.
In a move that was roundly criticized by both community members and the local media, Sullivan's staff registered the term EcoDensity with the patent office under his name. In September 2007 the City of Vancouver announced that the ownership of the trademark had been transferred to the city.
In 2009 the Canadian Institute of Planners awarded the EcoDensity its Planning Excellence award for City Planning.
Project Civil City.
Sullivan conducted an informal survey on his website asking visitors how they felt about Civil Disorder in the City of Vancouver. On November 26, 2006, he released the results of his survey and created a new program called Project Civil City, which is known as the mayor's effort to enhance public order in Vancouver's public areas. The conclusion of Project Civil City was that police were not the answer to the city's social problems. The Police Chief of that time was opposed to the Project, saying "I'm not in favor of this kind of position" and "I can do this job". Throughout his term, Sullivan was criticized by the opposition for his reluctance to hire more police. An important initiative of Project Civil City was the creation of the Street to Home Foundation, whose goal was to encourage philanthropists in the city to contribute toward the solution to homelessness.
Statistics from the Vancouver Police Board indicate that in 2005, the year before he became Mayor, there were 51,429 property crimes reported in the city. In 2008, his final year as Mayor there were 40,514 property crimes.
However, in its first two years, homelessness went up 54 to 78 per cent, drug offenses doubled, and street disorder went up 84 per cent. The project was cancelled in 2010.
Civic strike.
A civic strike of Vancouver's inside, outside, and library workers that began on July 26, 2007 was dubbed "Sam's Strike" by the strikers. The strike lasted 88 days and was the second longest in Vancouver's history. The longest was 90 days under Mayor Mike Harcourt in 1981. The unions blamed Sullivan's intransigence at the bargaining table for prolonging the strike. The union cited the city never tabling a written counteroffer as evidence of the city not negotiating. A mediator was called in who recommended 17.5% compounded which was the amount accepted by the rest of the municipalities in the region. When two of the civic unions rejected the recommendation public support collapsed and within the week a new vote by the three civic unions accepted the deal. On October 19, 2007 CUPE Local 391 voted 71 percent in favour of the city's offer and ended the strike.
NPA donation allegations.
Critics accused of Sullivan of mis-using political donations when $5000 raised for the Knowards campaign through the Nanitch Policy Society was used to buy tickets for campaign volunteers at a 2004 NPA dinner. Calls for an inquiry by Vancouver city council opposition members were subsequently dismissed by the Provincial government. In December 2009, The Tyee published a letter from Sullivan where he explains the background behind the Nanitch Policy Society, and in particular the donation made to the NPA.
Ouster from NPA.
In 2008, although the NPA board had greenlighted Sullivan to run for Mayor and he had the endorsement of all NPA City Councillors, NPA councillor Peter Ladner announced that he wanted to challenge Sullivan for mayor. On June 8, 2008, it was announced that Peter Ladner had defeated Sullivan to win the NPA's mayoral nomination. Ladner beat Sullivan in a tight, 1,066-to-986 vote after convincing enough NPA members that Sullivan would be defeated in the municipal election without a change in leadership. Ladner proceeded to lose against his mayoral opponent with NPA reduced to 4 out of 27 seats on Council, School Board and Park Board.Vancouver municipal election, 2008
Post-mayoral activities.
Global Civic Policy Society.
In November 2009, Sullivan formed the Global Civic Policy Society with a $500,000 startup grant from the Annenberg Foundation of California. The Society hosts a speaker series called Public Salons that "provide a public platform for the thinkers and doers of Vancouver". The presentations are featured on a 1/2 hour weekly television program on Shaw TV called "Sam Sullivan's Public Salons". Through its Greeting Fluency Initiative, the society hosts Salons that encourage citizens to "learn a few words of greetings in the languages of their neighbours". It has developed a smart phone app called Greeting Fluency Aid available free to the public containing greeting phrases from eighteen languages. The app includes over 30 endangered first nations languages of British Columbia. The Society hosts the Vancouver Urban Forum with a specific goal of increasing urban densities. It's Early Documents Transcription Program is putting the oldest Vancouver City Council Minutes online for free access to the public.
Centre for Fourth Wave Reform.
In February 2011, Sullivan founded the Centre for Fourth Wave Reform to explore ideas for change in municipal governance.
2012 move to provincial politics.
In November 2012, Sullivan announced he would seek the BC Liberal Party nomination in Vancouver-False Creek after the current incumbent Mary McNeil said she would not be seeking a second term in the British Columbia general election, 2013. Sullivan's main competition for the nomination was Lorne Mayencourt. Sullivan defeated Mayencourt by a vote of 273 to 202, with commercial litigation lawyer Brian Fixter coming in a distant third. Sullivan went on to win the election receiving 11,328 votes with the NDP candidate Matt Toner receiving 7,981 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2852342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852342" title="Clarence Island">
Clarence Island

Clarence Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852343" title="Angelo Cataldi">
Angelo Cataldi

Angelo Cataldi (born March 13, 1951) is a sports radio personality for 94 WIP-FM (simulcast on 610 WIP (AM)) in Philadelphia. Airing from 5:30am (which includes a 15-minute "Overlap" Show with overnight personality Big Daddy Graham) until 10:00am Eastern time, along with co-hosts Al Morganti, Keith Jones, Gary Shears and Rhea Hughes.
Career.
Cataldi is a native of Providence, Rhode Island. Despite growing up in Red Sox country, Cataldi has been an ardent New York Yankees fan. In addition, despite his proximity to Boston, he has always believed in the superiority of NBA Legend Wilt Chamberlain over Celtics center Bill Russell. One of only two reporters to cover the first 32 innings of the longest professional baseball game in history (Pawtucket Red Sox vs. Rochester Red Wings: April 18-19, 1981). Previously a sports writer for "The Philadelphia Inquirer", he has been the anchor for the Morning Show since his first appearance on the show in 1988 along with Tom Brookshier forming the on-air duo of "Brookie and the Rookie". Cataldi immediately brought a comedic and witty personality to the station. He continues to provide humorous commentary (Angelo’s “rants”) on local Philadelphia sports, as well as his everyday living experiences, making him one of Philadelphia's most popular, entertaining and recognizable radio personalities.
Cataldi has frequently mobilized his radio listeners to compel the owners of Philadelphia's sports franchises to make changes in management and personnel. In 1992, the "Honk For Herschel" movement was created to implore the Philadelphia Eagles to acquire Herschel Walker, a running back with the Minnesota Vikings. Whether due to Cataldi's influence or not, the appeal succeeded and Herschel played for the Eagles for the 1992-94 seasons.
Cataldi is the co-author of "The Great Philadelphia Sports Debate" with fellow WIP host Glen Macnow. He has been nominated for two Pulitzer Prizes for his sports writing.
Along with Al Morganti and Rhea Hughes, Angelo has also been joined on the morning show by former Flyer Keith Jones, retired Eagle Hugh Douglas and former Phillies Mitch Williams and Ricky Bottalico, as well as local comedian Joe Conklin.
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia [http://broadcastpioneers.com] inducted Cataldi into their Hall of Fame in 2012.
1999 NFL Draft.
Cataldi is best known for (and claims to regret) organizing a group of 30 Eagles fans, now known as "the dirty 30", to go to the 1999 NFL Draft in New York City and boo if the Philadelphia Eagles did not select University of Texas at Austin running back Ricky Williams with their #2 pick. The Eagles instead drafted quarterback Donovan McNabb and they booed the Eagles draft pick.
Common quotes.
Cataldi is famous for some one-liner quotes, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2852361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852361" title="Fred Bass">
Fred Bass

Fred Bass is a former city councillor, environmentalist and a preventive medicine physician in Vancouver, Canada.
Background.
Bass was born in New York City, attended Antioch College, Case-Western Reserve Medical School, Harvard,and Johns Hopkins. He served as a Preventive Medicine Officer in the US Army's 7th Infantry Division in Korea and Fort Monmouth, New Jersey. After his military service, he was a Tuberculosis Control Officer for the New Jersey Department of Health and Unit Medical Health Officer. He earned a Master's degree in epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health and a Doctor of Science at Johns Hopkins, writing a thesis on Medical Care Use Attributable to Cigarette Smoking. He taught at the University of Pennsylvania and came to the Vancouver Health Department in 1975. There, in 1982, he became Director of Health Promotion.
In 1989, he founded the BC Doctors Stop-Smoking Program to help doctors help their patients stop smoking. He helped to form the Society for Clinical Preventive Care in 1997, which has a mission to implement proven clinical preventive measures. In 2001 he was awarded a Senior (life) Membership in the Canadian Medical Association for his extensive work in tobacco control. He continues in 2007 to serve as the Medical Director of the Society for Clinical Preventive Health Care.
Early involvement with Vancouver politics.
In 1989-90, Bass served on Vancouver's Clouds of Change Task Force which addressed the issues of global climate change. Bass, concerned about global warming, entered electoral politics in 1996 as a candidate for Vancouver's civic Green Party under the leadership of Paul Watson but was defeated by a wide margin. However, the increased share of the vote won by the Greens and of a new populist party called VOICE resulted in a total rout for the city's leftist forces in which every single candidate who was not a member of the Non-Partisan Association was defeated. Despite being the Greens' second-best vote-getter in the 1996 election (second only to the party's provincial leader Stuart Parker), Bass was defeated when he sought renomination by the Greens in 1999. With the support of the Greens' executive and provincial leadership, he sought and won the nomination of the Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE), the party with which the Greens had just inked a coalition agreement.
Elected City Councillor.
Bass was first elected to city council in 1999 as a member of COPE, and topped the polls when re-elected in 2002 with 70,525 votes. His political priorities were action on the environment and transit. Bass was outspoken in his opposition to the expansion of gambling and to excessive expenditures for rapid transit by a faction of his party under the leadership of Mayor Larry Campbell.
In 2003-2005, three COPE Councillors and the Mayor split from the party to form Vision Vancouver. Bass and councillors Tim Louis, David Cadman, Anne Roberts and Ellen Woodsworth remained in COPE. Bass was not re-elected in the 2005 election, finishing 12th overall with 48,248 votes.
Bass introduced a controversial motion in 2005 to widen the sidewalks on the Burrard Bridge to encourage cyclists and pedestrians, but first do a minimal-cost trial of using one lane in each direction for bicycles, reserving the existing sidewalk for pedestrians, despite the failure of a similar experiment in 1996. The sidewalk-widening was slated to cost $13 million if the $2 million trial failed. Some cyclists applauded the move, though other users of the current bridge sidewalks questioned whether any changes were necessary. Concerns about motorist rage did not deter Bass, who stated "Motorists called for my head long ago and my head is still on my neck." Heritage advocates strongly supported the bicycle trial, since the sidewalk-widening would impair the heritage value of this landmark, art deco bridge. Bass was the Council lead on the Vancouver Area Transit Plan, which planned six new bus routes and a number of transit-friendly changes.
Intentions to run for Mayor.
In late 2006 he announced his aspiration to run for mayor in the next Vancouver civic election because of his concerns for respect, global warming, homelessness and lack of affordable housing. In August 2007, he announced that he no longer intended to participate in the mayoral race.[http://www.straight.com/article-103871/fred-bass-drops-out-of-mayoral-race]

</doc>
<doc id="2852373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852373" title="Vesle">
Vesle

The Vesle is the river on which the city of Reims stands. It is a fourth order river of France and a left-bank tributary of the Aisne River. It is 140 kilometres long, rises in the "département" of Marne through which it flows most of its course.
Geography.
The Vesle flows through the following "départements" and towns:
It rises at an altitude of about 187 metres, on the dip slope of the Upper Cretaceous chalk, near the village of Somme-Vesle, east of Châlons-en-Champagne. Though still passing through the chalk country, it soon begins to flow on its own Holocene deposits. It passes through Reims (latitude 49° 15’ 57’’ N, longitude 4° 1’ 46’’ E). On leaving the city's western outskirts, it enters the much more wooded landscape of the Eocene geology. The info box photograph shows the Vesle as it passes through fen carr, a little downstream from Reims. Halfway From Reims to Soissons, at Fismes (Latitude 49° 18' 28" N Longitude 03° 40' 53" E) the river receives the river Ardre from its left bank. At Condé-sur-Aisne, having descended to an altitude of about 45 metres, the Vesle joins the Aisne River.
Communications.
From Sept Saulx, some 20 km. above Reims, and into the city, the river is paralleled by the Aisne to Marne Canal. 
Below Reims, its valley accommodates the road, now the N31/E46, between the two former Gaulish tribal centres of Reims and Soissons.
Flow rates of the Vesle at Braine.
The Vesle is a river of medium flow, like most which come from the chalkland of the Champagne-Ardenne région. Its flow was recorded over a period of 34 years (1967-2000), at Braine, in the department of Aisne. That is to say a little short of its confluence with the Aisne. The catchment area down to this point is km², very nearly the whole basin.
The yearly mean flow or discharge of the river at Braine is 7.72 m³/second. 
Seasonal fluctuations in the flow are very small. The high waters of the Winter/Spring period take the monthly mean to a level of between 9.2 and 12.6 m³/second, from January to May inclusive(with a maximum in March) and the low waters of late Summer/ early Autumn, August to October inclusive, with a minimum of 3.66 m³ in September. The difference is nonetheless noticeable.
History.
The N31 road has seen the passage of many kings, emperors and armies over the centuries. The French kings were crowned at Reims and usually returned to Paris this way.
The river's upper reaches pass over the chalk plain of Champaigne Once rather disparagingly called "Champaigne Pouilleuse", because of its poverty. This region has long been used for military training, its geology and use being similar to those of Salisbury Plain. The training ground nearest to it is at the "Camp de Mourmelon".
During the Great War of 1914-18, the river's valley was just behind the French-held front but at times, particularly in the spring and summer of 1918, it was heavily fought over. See Second Battle of the Marne.
Ecology.
Two important natural zones of ecological, zoological and botanical interest, (ZNIEFF) have been decreed on the length of the Vesle. The first is upstream from Reims and designated as 'The great fens of the Vesle Valley from Prunay to Courmelois' ("Les grands Marais du Val de Vesle de Prunay à Courmelois"). It extends to 400 hectares. The second, which is much more extensive carries the name "Vallée de la Vesle de Livry-Louvercy à Courlandon" and covers 2 682 ha. extending both above and below Reims. It includes some land in the city itself and covers about 46 km. of the river's length.

</doc>
<doc id="2852379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852379" title="Acacia anastema">
Acacia anastema

Acacia anastema, commonly known as sandridge gidgee or just gidgee, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs within a fairly small area of semi-arid land east of Carnarvon.
Sandridge Gidgee grows as an upright tree to seven metres high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These may be up to twenty centimetres long and five centimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters between two and four centimetres long. The pods are slightly curved, up to 14 centimetres long and two to three centimetres wide.
Sandridge gidgee has limited utility. Its long straight limbs are resistant to termites, and so are locally used for fence posts. The tree provides no forage to animals as its canopy is typically out of reach of stock.

</doc>
<doc id="2852380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852380" title="Cornelius Scipio Salvito">
Cornelius Scipio Salvito

Cornelius Scipio ‘Salvito’ (the agnomen "Salvito" was conferred on him due to his resemblance to a mime artist of the same name) was a minor member of the Cornelia gens who lived in the late Roman Republic. He was a relative of Scipio Africanus, the Roman general who defeated Hannibal.
Salvito was, according to Plutarch and Suetonius, "a contemptible nobody", who was taken by Julius Caesar in 46 BC on his North African campaign against the remnants of Pompey's forces, led by Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius Scipio Nasica. Because of a long standing belief that only a Scipio could be victorious in Africa, and because he was facing a Scipio, Caesar placed Salvito at the front of his army, either as a good luck charm to calm his nervous troops, or to demonstrate his contempt to Scipio Nasica. Caesar forced him to attack the enemy frequently and to bring on the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="2852387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852387" title="Tekoa">
Tekoa

Tekoa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852390" title="David Cadman">
David Cadman

David Cadman is a Vancouver city councillor, first elected in 2002. A social and environmental activist, Cadman is a member of Coalition of Progressive Electors.
Cadman was born in Montreal, Quebec and grew up in Toronto, Ontario. Cadman studied at the University of the South in Tennessee and Geneva in International Development. He later attended the Sorbonne and is fluent in French. Cadman spent several years after university in Tanzania and Kenya developing literacy programs. He returned to Canada in 1976 and settled in British Columbia.
Cadman worked for the Social Planning and Research Council of B.C. and the Greater Vancouver Regional District as a communications director. He later served as president of the Society Promoting Environmental Conservation.
Politics.
Cadman ran for Mayor of Vancouver in 1999, endorsed by both the Coalition of Progressive Electors and the Vancouver Green Party, but was defeated by incumbent mayor Philip Owen. In 2002, Cadman was elected council as part of the COPE sweep of that year's municipal elections. Cadman was one of the left-wing "COPE Classic" councillors, and remained with COPE when his centrist colleagues formed Vision Vancouver. He was the only COPE councillor re-elected in 2005, finishing sixth in council balloting.
Since March 2007, Cadman is the President of the international organization 'ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability' an international organization of nearly 1000 local governments who have made a commitment to sustainability. In this function he heads the ICLEI Executive Committee, representing the organization to other international bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="2852410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852410" title="Don and Dewey">
Don and Dewey

Don and Dewey were an American rock and roll duo, comprising Don "Sugarcane" Harris (June 18, 1938 - May 11, 2003). Both were born and grew up in Pasadena, California.
In 1954, Dewey Terry was a founding member of a group called The Squires while still in high school. He was later joined by a friend, Don Bowman (who would later change his name to Harris). In 1955 the Squires released a record on the minor Los Angeles-based label Dig This Record. In 1957 the group broke up, but Don and Dewey remained together. 
Later that year they were signed by Art Rupe's Specialty Records label and for the next two years produced rock and roll. Both Don and Dewey played guitar, with Dewey often doubling on keyboards. When not playing guitar or bass, Don occasionally played the electric violin, a skill for which he subsequently became well known under the name of "Sugarcane" Harris. Legendary drummer Earl Palmer played frequently on their sessions. 
Although Don and Dewey did not have any hits of their own, several of the songs that they wrote and/or recorded would appear on the charts later, performed by other artists. "I'm Leaving It Up to You" became a #1 hit for Dale & Grace in 1963. "Farmer John" was a hit by The Premiers, reaching #19 in 1964 after having been covered The Searchers a year earlier. "Koko Joe" (written by the then Specialty Records producer Sonny Bono), "Justine" and "Big Boy Pete" were staples for The Righteous Brothers for many years. (Indeed, it has frequently been noted that the early Righteous Brothers act was quite closely based on Don and Dewey's.) Finally, "Big Boy Pete" became a minor hit in 1960 for The Olympics, reaching #50 and a #4 hit for The Kingsmen when recorded with new lyrics as "The Jolly Green Giant" in 1965. 
In 1959 Don and Dewey and producer Bono left Specialty Records for Rush Records, where they recorded a few songs but split up shortly afterward.
In 1964 Art Rupe recorded both Don and Dewey and Little Richard (another Specialty Records act) and, although some energetic music was generated, there were to be no further hits for either act. The pair played briefly in Little Richard's band and then went their separate ways once again.
"Don and Dewey" is also an instrumental by the band "It's a Beautiful Day". It features on track 1 of their 1970 album "Marrying Maiden". The band feature a violin, so this may have been the inspiration to write this piece.

</doc>
<doc id="2852416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852416" title="Scene stealer">
Scene stealer

A scene stealer is a character in a film or dramatic performance that dominates the audience's attention, often through charisma, humour or powerful acting, thus "stealing the scene" or "stealing the show". The term usually (but not always) applies to a supporting character, such as a sidekick, best friend, confidant, villain, etc. Sometimes the term is used for a minor character who has unexpectedly (and perhaps inappropriately) drawn attention away from the star.

</doc>
<doc id="2852424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852424" title="Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam">
Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam

Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) (; ) is a regional political party formed by Tamil film actor Vijayakanth in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, along the lines of the regional Dravidian political parties. He formally announced the party's formation on September 14, 2005 at Madurai. The party head office is in Koyambedu, Chennai.
This party contested in all 234 seats in the state elections in May 2006 with Vijayakanth contesting in Vridhachalam. The party polled almost 3 million votes (a total of about a 10% share). All the candidates of the DMDK, with the sole exception of Vijayakanth, lost the elections in 2006. In by-elections to Madurai Central assembly constituency, DMDK secured around 17000 votes, which was 2000 votes less than All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (ADMK). DMDK was also able to secure a large number of seats in Local Body elections. Vijaykanth and his party contested in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls as an independent party in all 39 constituencies in the state, winning no seats. The party won 29 seats in the 2011 assembly election and became the official opposition party with Vijayakanth as the opposition leader.
2009 Lok Sabha Election.
DMDK contested all 39 seats independently in Tamil Nadu in the 15th Lok Sabha election and lost all of them. The party, however, made strong inroads in the heartland of Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK). The party polled 30.73 lakh votes of the total of 3.02 crore valid votes polled in the state representing roughly a vote share of 10.09%. This is higher than the 8.38% vote share polled by him during the 2006 assembly election. It polled more than one lakh votes in nine constituencies, more than 75,000 in 19 constituencies and more than 50,000 in 35 constituencines including Pondicherry.
Though his party did not win any seat, it appears to have made the difference between winning and losing for several candidates by having a vote share larger than the margin of victory. Except S. Austin in Kanyakumari and K. Pandiarajan in Virudhunagar constituency, none of the other candidates had a standing of their own and observers believe the votes polled by him indicate the public support for his candidacy.
2011 assembly election.
DMDK had remained unaligned and contested all the previous elections independently until 
2011 election. In an effort — claimed by the party — to defeat the ruling Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, it allied with Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam front in a decision made on February 25, 2011. It won 29 of the 41 seats contested making it a second largest party in Tamil Nadu next only to its ally ADMK pushing DMK to third position. Thus, the party became the official opposition party with Vijayakanth becoming the opposition leader. The large victory also earned recognition and a permanent election symbol from the election commission .
2014 Lok Sabha Election.
DMDK fought Lok Sabha Election through an alliance with BJP led NDA. MDMK, PMK, KMDK and IJK led Social Democratic Alliance are the other allies of NDA in Tamil Nadu.In the NDA alliance, this party is the one with highest number of seats 14. Despite of big hype, the party lost all 14 seats to AIADMK candidates. It is said that Vijayakanth has lost his own respect among voters by misbehaving in public meetings and shouting at others. The percentage of supporters have drastically come down since the last assembly election.

</doc>
<doc id="2852428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852428" title="Matt Costa">
Matt Costa

Matthew Albert Costa (born June 16, 1982) is a singer-songwriter from Huntington Beach, California.
He has five independent releases: two self-recorded EPs, and three full-length CDs released via Brushfire Records.
Life.
Matt Costa, who is of Portuguese descent, states that his father worked in the airline business. In early 2003, Matt's homemade demo reached No Doubt guitarist Tom Dumont, who offered to record more demos for Costa in his home studio. Those first recordings led to two EPs that Costa and Dumont distributed themselves. These were later combined and mixed by Phil Ek in order to form Costa's first full-length CD entitled "Songs We Sing". 
Costa spent the summer of 2005 opening on Jack Johnson's summer tour. He has since toured with Modest Mouse, Oasis, Ryan Adams & The Cardinals, G. Love & Special Sauce, and Death Cab for Cutie. Costa joined Jack Johnson for his 2006 European tour. He has also contributed to the Jack Johnson and Friends Curious George soundtrack; his track is entitled "Lullaby". This song was taken from his "The Elasmosaurus EP." Costa has also toured extensively in Australia, New Zealand, Europe, Asia and South America. 
The video for Costa's first single "Cold December" was released February 2, 2006. On July 31, 2007, he released a song titled "If You Took To Me" as part of the environmentally minded polar bear documentary "Arctic Tale" and its soundtrack. 
On October 7, 2007, Matt released the first single, "Mr. Pitiful," from his record "Unfamiliar Faces." The song "Mr. Pitiful" was used during a scene with Paul Rudd in the movie "I Love You, Man", the redband trailer for the film "Youth in Revolt" starring Michael Cera, and the movie "Marmaduke". The song is featured during the opening credits of "The Answer Man (film)". Apple also used an instrumental cut of this song for the worldwide iPhone 3GS ads. 
On December 23, 2008, Costa married.
"Mobile Chateau", Matt's third album, was released on September 21, 2010 via Brushfire Records. The new record was recorded at Pheasant Studios in Santa Ana, CA as Costa's first solo production.
At the Chipotle Cultivate Concert on June 8, 2013, Matt Costa announced his favorite color was chartreuse green.
His song "Good Times" was featured at the end of an episode of the third season of HBO's "Girls" in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2852431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852431" title="Jim Green (councilman)">
Jim Green (councilman)

Jim Green (May 25, 1943 – February 28, 2012) was an American-Canadian who was a longshoreman, taxicab driver, community activist, non-profit housing developer, municipal politician, university instructor and development consultant.
Early life and education.
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Green moved to Canada to avoid being drafted for the Vietnam War. Green holds a Masters in Anthropology from the University of British Columbia, a Bachelor of Arts from the University of South Carolina, and has studied at the Sorbonne, the Millennium Film Institute in New York, and the University of Colorado.
Career.
Early in his career, Green worked as a longshoreman and a taxicab driver.
Green was an advocate for the city's Downtown Eastside and led the development of many housing projects, including the experimental Woodward's building redevelopment designed by architect Gregory Henriquez. He was a development consultant for developers and non-profit community groups. In 2009 he left his role as CEO of the Misty Isles Economic Development Society to take a position working with Millennium Developments Ltd. on the 2010 Olympic Village development in Vancouver.
Green taught opera and architecture at the University of British Columbia and Anthropology at Simon Fraser University, and co-founded the University of British Columbia Urban Field School. Green was chair of Four Corners Community Savings, which was closed by the Gordon Campbell led BC Government. He served on the board of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities.
Green co-founded the Portland Hotel Society which operates Insite, the first legal safe injection site in North America.
Political career.
In 2002 he was elected to Vancouver City Council as a member of the Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE), and subsequently, with mayor Larry Campbell, councillor Raymond Louie, and councillor Tim Stevenson left to form a new party, Vision Vancouver. Under the Vision Vancouver banner, he unsuccessfully ran for mayor in 2005, losing to Sam Sullivan by 3,747 votes. Some blamed voter confusion for his loss, as there was an unknown candidate named "James Green" who received 4,273 votes.
It was the second time Green had run for mayor unsuccessfully, having been beaten as a member of COPE by then-NPA mayor Gordon Campbell in 1990. Six years later, Green again faced Campbell, this time in the 1996 provincial election for the MLA seat in Vancouver-Point Grey. Green, a New Democrat, was defeated by BC Liberal leader and future premier Gordon Campbell 12,637 to 11,074.
In 2008 Green supported Gregor Robertson in his successful run for mayor of Vancouver.
Death.
In February 2012, his family released a brief statement saying he had suffered a serious recurrence of the lung cancer he had previously battled. At 06:15 PST on February 28, 2012, Green died following his battle with lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="2852435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852435" title="Watashi Wa">
Watashi Wa

Watashi Wa was a Christian pop rock band from San Luis Obispo, California on Tooth & Nail Records. in Japanese means I am . 
The band formed in 2000 when most of the members were still in their teens. They were first signed to indie label Bettie Rocket and released two albums before signing to Tooth & Nail in 2002. 
The band broke up in July 2004, but in a deal with Tooth & Nail Records singer/guitarist Seth Roberts' new band Eager Seas, were signed to the same label and released their first album under the name Watashi Wa. They subsequently left the label.
The new band currently plays under the name "Lakes" and have signed with The Militia Group and released the "Photographs" EP.
Members.
Both Roger Tompkins and Lane Biermann played their respective instruments in the alt country band Briertone, but have since moved on to pursue other things.

</doc>
<doc id="2852444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852444" title="Mount Asgard">
Mount Asgard

Mount Asgard is a twin peaked mountain with two flat-topped, cylindrical, rock towers, separated by a saddle. It is located in Auyuittuq National Park, on the Cumberland Peninsula of Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. The peak is named after Asgard, the realm of the gods in Norse mythology. Mount Asgard is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains.
Asgard's slightly higher North Peak was first ascended in 1953 by J. Weber, J. Marmet, and H. Röthlisberger, Swiss scientists on the Arctic Institute Baffin Island Expedition, led by the Canadian P. Baird. Their route ascended the east side of the north peak, using a climbing traverse across snowfields and rock ribs, to reach the saddle between the two peaks, and thence to the top of the North Peak. The route is graded VI, 5.8/5.9 A1. It is still the most-traveled route and is the standard descent route for climbers making harder ascents on other faces.
The South Peak was first climbed in 1971 by G. Lee, R. Wood, P. Clanky, J. Pavur, Y. Kamisawa and P. Koch. Since then, at least 13 routes have been put up on the two peaks, most involving highly technical free and aid climbing, with lengths varying from to . One of the most notable routes was put up in 1975 by Charlie Porter as a solo climb. This was "the first Baffin modern, multi-day, technical, big-wall climb", with 40 pitches rated at Grade VII, 5.10, A4 and it was followed by "a 10-day walk-out to the fjord-head without food". The fact that this was all done solo was "a remarkable achievement".
In 1976, stuntman Rick Sylvester performed a BASE jump, skiing off the mountain with a Union Flag parachute for the opening sequence of the James Bond film "The Spy Who Loved Me", although the fictional setting was the Austrian Alps. The stunt team and film crew had reached the summit by helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="2852454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852454" title="Peter Ladner">
Peter Ladner

Peter Ladner (born February 12, 1949) is a former Vancouver city councilor, Metro Vancouver vice-chair and business owner who is currently a weekly columnist at Business in Vancouver newspaper and a regular contributor to crosscut.com, a Seattle-based online news service.
He is the author of The Urban Food Revolution: Changing the Way we Feed Cities, published by New Society in November, 2011.
From 2009-2011 he was a Fellow at the Simon Fraser University Centre for Dialogue, researching, teaching and organizing public events around the theme "Planning Cities as if Food Matters". He has a lifelong interest in growing food. As a city councilor, he worked with the Vancouver Food Policy Council in initiating the city’s program to add 2010 food-producing community garden plots by 2010.
He has more than 40 years of journalistic experience in print, radio and television and is a frequent speaker on business, food, community and sustainability issues.
Background.
His paternal grandfather was the founding partner of what has now merged into Borden Ladner Gervais LLP, a prominent Canadian law firm, Peter Ladner grew up in the Shaughnessy neighbourhood of Vancouver. His ascendants also originally settled and gave their name to the community of Ladner, British Columbia. He briefly attended the nearby St. George's School, before graduating from Shawnigan Lake School on Vancouver Island, and proceeding on to the University of British Columbia where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology and completed one year of a Master's Degree in Urban Planning.
Ladner worked for the "Vancouver Sun" as a journalist for parts of two summers while attending UBC. He later worked at newspapers on Vancouver Island and was editor of the Victoria alternative weekly "Monday Magazine" from 1981 to 1986. He has written for "The Globe and Mail", "Canadian Business" and "Saturday Night".
Peter Ladner co-founded the weekly newspaper "Business in Vancouver" in 1989 and continues as a Business in Vancouver weekly columnist. With a weekly readership of 60 000, Business in Vancouver is branded as Vancouver's leading source of business news, targeted at senior decision-makers. It is responsible for several prominent recognition events including the Top 40 Under 40 awards and the Influential Women in Business awards. Business in Vancouver Media Group also publishes Green Space magazine, which focuses exclusively on sustainability business opportunities, initiatives and challenges.
Ladner is vice-chair of The Natural Step Canada board and the Leon and Thea Koerner Foundation board. He previously served on the boards of the Institute for Media, Policy and Civil Society, Leadership Vancouver, the International Centre for Sustainable Cities, the University of British Columbia Alumni Association, New Media BC, the International Association of Area Business Publications, and the Forum for Women Entrepreneurs. He participated in the Vancouver City Planning Commission, the capital campaign committee for Vancouver Public Library and the Central Valley Greenway.
Ladner is a long-time environmentalist, healthy living enthusiast, and advocate of the smart city concept of using technology to make government more efficient and effective. He blogs about the urban food revolution at urbanfoodrevolution.com and on issues of sustainability and civic governance in Vancouver and elsewhere on his website.
Politics.
As a former member of Vancouver City Council, Ladner was a director of TransLink and vice-chair of Metro Vancouver, the Regional District. He has been vice-chair of the Metro Vancouver Sustainable Region Initiative and a member the World Urban Forum Committee. On City Council, he chaired the budget committee and was a member of committees on transportation and traffic and planning and environment. He was also a member of the Vancouver Economic Development Commission.
During his time on Vancouver City Council, Ladner has been a sustainability and liveability advocate on issues such as transportation, green buildings, energy use, and waste reduction. He championed greenhouse gas reduction, setting a goal of making Vancouver carbon neutral by 2030. An avid cyclist, Ladner has been an advocate of a bike sharing program built on the successful model used in cities such as Paris.
On June 8, 2008, Ladner won the Non-Partisan Association's mayoral nomination for the 2008 municipal election, defeating incumbent mayor Sam Sullivan in a surprise upset. He defeated Sullivan by 1,066 to 986 votes, after convincing NPA members that Sullivan would be defeated in the upcoming election. However, he was soundly defeated on November 15, 2008 by Gregor Robertson, the mayoral candidate of Vision Vancouver.
Personal tragedy.
On April 3, 2009, Peter Ladner's sister, Wendy Ladner-Beaudry, was found dead in Pacific Spirit Park, "the victim of an apparent random attack." Wendy was the co-chair of the BC Games Society, "past board member of Sports BC and chair of the KidSport Fund, a national charity set up to help low-income families participate in sport." Peter Ladner stated that despite the tragedy of his sister's murder, Vancouver remains a safe city to live in. In a public statement, Ladner stressed that: 

</doc>
<doc id="2852459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852459" title="Muso Awards">
Muso Awards

The Muso Awards is a charity music award ceremony held in London, England, that began in September 2002. The awards are voted ""by musicians, for musicians"", and the ceremony features live performances by a variety of artists. The 2005 event was held at Koko, in Camden Town, very few winners were present to receive their awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2852468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852468" title="Tim Louis">
Tim Louis

Tim Louis (born August 13, 1958) is a lawyer and municipal politician in Vancouver, Canada. He was elected to the Vancouver Parks Board in 1990 and 1993, and later to Vancouver City Council as a member of the Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE) in 1999 and 2002.
Education, Advocacy and Professional Life.
Tim Louis graduated South Delta Secondary School (class of 1976), and went on to attend Langara College (class of 1979) and the University of British Columbia where he graduated from law school in 1983. While a student at UBC, he co-founded the Public Interest Advocacy Centre (PIAC), a consumer watchdog nonprofit.
He articled with lawyer and then-city councillor Harry Rankin in 1984.
He also served on the board of BC Transit's paratransit service and was chair of the Vancouver Public Library Board.
Political career.
In 1990, Louis was elected to the Vancouver Board of Parks & Recreation and re-elected in 1993.
First elected to Vancouver City Council in 1999, Louis became known for his pointed questions aimed at addressing issues of social justice in the city of Vancouver. He was re-elected in 2002. Louis proudly showed off his progressive beliefs, often appearing at public functions in a red Che Guevara shirt.
Louis has been a critic of large government projects, including the Richmond-Airport-Vancouver rapid transit project and the 2010 Olympic Winter Games, but always in the spirit of protecting community priorities. He also takes a public stance on local and international causes; for example he has been an open critic of the U.S blockade of Cuba and the Israeli blockade of Gaza.
In the 2005 municipal election, Louis attracted attention when he told the "Vancouver Sun" editorial board that he favoured establishing a city-owned non-profit brothel to help protect sex-trade workers. He lost his council seat in that election, finishing 17th with 43,349 votes.
In 2008, Louis ran for a nomination for city council within COPE, as part of a 'Keep It COPE' slate; he narrowly lost by six votes to Ellen Woodsworth. She along with David Cadman went on to become elected to council as part of COPE's combined slate with the Green Party and Vision Vancouver.
Louis sought re-election as a Vancouver city councillor in the municipal election of 2011 but lost, coming in 17th, with 43,926 votes.
Personal life.
Louis' long-time partner is Penny Parry, an artist and community advocate. They live in Kitsilano, a West Side neighbourhood of Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="2852476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852476" title="Mulliner Park Ward">
Mulliner Park Ward

Mulliner Park Ward was a bespoke coachbuilder in Hythe Road, Willesden, London UK.
Mulliner now is the personal commissioning department for Bentley.
Mulliner Park Ward was a subsidiary of Rolls-Royce and made bespoke bodies in London for Rolls-Royce and Bentley motor cars. The coachbuilding business closed in 1991 but the Mulliner name is used for the personal commissioning department of the current Bentley manufacturer.
History.
Rolls-Royce Motors formed Mulliner Park Ward by the 1961 merger of two Rolls-Royce subsidiaries: Park Ward of Willesden, London, a Rolls-Royce subsidiary since 1939 and H. J. Mulliner & Co. of Chiswick, a Rolls-Royce subsidiary since 1959.
Mulliner Park Ward continues to operate as the vehicle customization division of Bentley Motors Limited, the successor of Rolls-Royce Motors.

</doc>
<doc id="2852480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852480" title="Bernborough">
Bernborough

Bernborough (1939–1960) was an outstanding Australian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed from 1941 to 1946. He carried heavy weights to victory in a sequence of 15 consecutive wins that included the Doomben 10,000 carrying 10 stone 5 pounds.
Bernborough was foaled at Rosalie Plains near the township of Oakey in the Darling Downs region of South East Queensland. The bay colt, was by the good sire, Emborough (GB) from Bern Maid by Bernard (GB), who was the paternal grandson of Gainsborough, winner of the English Triple Crown in 1918.
Racing record.
Bernborough first raced under the ownership of Mr A.E.Hadwin. A Queensland trainer, J. Roberts then leased the horse. He came to prominence racing at Toowoomba's Clifford Park when ridden to his first six wins by Les Watterson. Bernborough only raced at Toowoomba in Queensland as he was barred from racing at metropolitan tracks because of ownership doubts. His racing colours were orange, purple sleeves and black cap. When he was six years old he was moved to Sydney and following his sale to A.O. Romano for 2,600 guineas his nominations were accepted. Thus he began a winning streak of 15 consecutive races. His wins included the Newmarket Handicap at Flemington carrying 9 st 13 lb (63 kg) and the Doomben Cup under 10 st 11 lb (68 kg). He started 37 times for 26 wins, 2 seconds and 1 third.
On 2 November 1946 Bernborough had his last race in the LKS MacKinnon Stakes. Challenging for the lead just after entering the home straight, he suffered torn sesamoid ligaments and had to be pulled up. The great mare Flight, who had finished second to Bernborough on many occasions, went on to win.
Stud record.
After recovering from his injuries, Bernborough was sold for a high amount to movie producer Louis B. Mayer for stud duties in the USA where he went on to moderate success as a stallion at Spendthrift Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. Here he sired the winners of more than $4,500,000 in prize-money and was placed high on the Leading sire in North America list.
Bernborough's progeny included:
Honours.
Bernborough was one of the five inaugural inductees into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame, alongside other turf notables Carbine, Phar Lap, Kingston Town and Tulloch. He is commemorated in the township of Oakey with a life size bronze statue located outside the Jondaryan Council chambers.
In 1978 he was honoured on a postage stamp issued by Australia Post.

</doc>
<doc id="2852488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852488" title="Matt Serletic">
Matt Serletic

Matt Serletic is a record producer who has worked with several popular bands and artists for Atlantic Records, including Collective Soul, Matchbox Twenty, Cher, Blessid Union of Souls, Edwin McCain, Stacie Orrico, Taylor Hicks, Rob Thomas, and singer/songwriter Angie Aparo. Serletic will be working with American Idol Season 7 Winner David Cook on his second studio album. He also preceded Jason Flom as chairman of Virgin Records. Most recently he has been working with Joe Cocker, writing and producing his latest album, Hard Knocks.
Serletic is the owner of Emblem Music Group and currently resides in Calabasas, California with his wife, Ramona and two children. Matt also helped the rock supergroup, Class of '99, in covering Pink Floyd's "Another Brick In The Wall" for the film The Faculty, contributing on the keyboard.

</doc>
<doc id="2852494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852494" title="Anne Roberts">
Anne Roberts

Anne Roberts is a journalism instructor and former Vancouver city councillor. She was elected as a member of the winning majority of Coalition of Progressive Electors in 2002.
Before serving on the city council, Roberts was active in education issues as chair of her children's parent advisory committees and as chair of the District Parent Representatives at the Vancouver School Board, on which she was an elected trustee.
In council, Roberts was among the five left-wing councillors dubbed "COPE Classic" by Charlie Smith at The Georgia Straight to distinguish them from "COPE Lite"—the three COPE councillors and Mayor Larry Campbell who split the party to form the centrist Vision Vancouver party. Chair of the Planning and Environment Committee, Roberts was appointed by council as a delegate to the Greater Vancouver Regional District. On council, she spearheaded expansion of child care spaces, advocated that transit money to be spent on buses rather than mega-projects such as RAV (now called the Canada Line), and convinced a majority of city council to deny Wal-Mart's application to build a new store. Roberts also opposed expanded gambling in the city and the 2010 Olympics. Roberts ran for re-election in 2005 placing 19th among 36 candidates with 41,739 votes, thus losing her seat.

</doc>
<doc id="2852498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852498" title="Zack (given name)">
Zack (given name)

Zack, Zach, Zac, Zak or Zakk are male given names, commonly shortened versions of Zachary. People so named include:
Fictional characters include:

</doc>
<doc id="2852512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852512" title="How to Be a Girl">
How to Be a Girl

"How to Be a Girl" is a single written and produced by Tetsuya Komuro and performed by Namie Amuro. It was released in 1997.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="2852523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852523" title="Futurism (Christianity)">
Futurism (Christianity)

Futurism is a Christian eschatological view that interprets portions of the Book of Revelation, the Book of Daniel, and other prophecies, as future events in a literal, physical, apocalyptic, and global context. By comparison, other Christian eschatological views interpret these passages as past events in a symbolic, historic context (Preterism and Historicism), or as present-day events in a non-literal and spiritual context (Idealism).
Futurist beliefs usually have a close association with Premillennialism and Dispensationalism. Futurist beliefs were presented in the Left Behind series.
History.
Some elements of the futurist interpretation of Revelation and Daniel can be found in some of earliest centuries of the Christian Church. Irenaeus of Lyon, for instance, was of the view that Daniel's 70th week awaited a future fulfillment. During the Middle Ages and the Reformation, futuristic interpretations were virtually non-existent. To counter the Protestant historicist interpretation of Daniel and Revelation, Roman Catholic Jesuit Francisco Ribera (1537–1591) wrote a 500 page commentary on the Book of Revelation. This commentary established the futurist interpretation of Bible prophecy.
Book of Revelation.
The futurist view assigns all or most of the prophecy to the future, shortly before the Second Coming; especially when interpreted in conjunction with Daniel, Isaiah 2:11-22, 1 Thessalonians 4:15–5:11, and other eschatological sections of the Bible.
Futurist interpretations generally predict a resurrection of the dead and a rapture of the living, wherein all true Christians are gathered to Christ prior to the time God's kingdom comes on earth. They also believe a tribulation will occur - a seven-year period of time when believers will experience worldwide persecution and martyrdom, and be purified and strengthened by it. Futurists differ on when believers will be raptured, but there are three primary views: 1) before the tribulation; 2) near or at the midpoint of the tribulation; or 3) at the end of the tribulation. There is also a fourth view of multiple raptures throughout the tribulation, but this view does not have a mainstream following.
Pretribulationists believe that all Christians then alive will be taken up to meet Christ before the Tribulation begins. In this manner, Christians are "kept from" the Tribulation, such as Enoch was removed before God judged the antediluvian world, in contrast with Noah who was "kept through" wrath and judgement of God in the flood of Genesis.
Midtribulationists believe that the rapture of the faithful will occur approximately halfway through the Tribulation, after it begins but before the worst part of it occurs. Some midtribulationists, particularly those holding to a "pre-wrath rapture" of the church, believe that God's wrath is poured out during a "Great Tribulation" that is limited to the last 3½ years of the Tribulation, after believers have been caught up to Christ.
Post-tribulationists believe that Christians will be gathered in the clouds with Christ and join him in his return to earth. (Pretribulationist Tim LaHaye admits a post-tribulation rapture is the closest of the three views to that held by the early church.)
All three views hold that Christians will return with Christ at the end of the Tribulation. Proponents of all three views also generally portray Israel as unwittingly signing a seven-year peace treaty with the Antichrist, which initiates the seven-year Tribulation. Many also tend to view the Antichrist as head of a revived Roman Empire, but the geographic location of this empire is unknown. Hal Lindsey suggests that this revived Roman Empire will be centered in western Europe, with Rome as its capital. Tim LaHaye promotes the belief that Babylon will be the capital of a worldwide empire. Joel Richardson and Walid Shoebat have both recently written books proposing a revived eastern Roman Empire, which will fall with the boundaries of the Ottoman Empire. (Istanbul also has seven hills, was a capital of the Roman Empire as Constantinople, known as the Byzantine Empire, and a body of water in the city is known as the Golden Horn - notable given the eschatological references to the "Little Horn".)
The futurist view was first proposed by two Catholic writers, Manuel Lacunza and Francisco Ribera. Lacunza wrote under the pen name "Ben-Ezra", and his work was banned by the Catholic Church. It has grown in popularity in the 19th and 20th centuries, so that today it is probably most readily recognized. Books about the "rapture" by authors like Hal Lindsey, and the more recent Left Behind novels (by Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye) and movies, have done much to popularize this school of thought.
The various views on tribulation are actually a subset of theological interpretations on the Millennium, mentioned in Revelation 20. There are three main interpretations: Premillennialism, Amillennialism, and Postmillennialism.
Premillennialism believes that Christ will return to the earth, bind Satan, and reign for a literal thousand years on earth with Jerusalem as his capital. Thus Christ returns before ("pre-") the thousand years mentioned in chapter 20. There are generally two subclasses of Premillennialism: Dispensational and Historic. Some form of premillennialism is thought to be the oldest millennial view in church history. Papias, believed to be a disciple of the Apostle John, was a premillennialist, according to Eusebius. Also Justin Martyr and Irenaeus expressed belief in premillennialism in their writings.
Amillennialism, the traditional view for Roman Catholicism, believes that the thousand years mentioned are not ("a-") a literal thousand years, but is figurative for what is now the church age, usually, the time between Christ's ascension and second coming. This view is often associated with Augustine of Hippo. Amillennialists differ on the time frame of the millennium. Some say it started with Pentecost, others say it started with the fulfillment of Jesus' prophecy regarding the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem (70), and other starting points have also been proposed. Whether this eschatology is the result of caesaropapism, which may have also been the reason that premillennialism was condemned, is sharply disputed.
Postmillennialism believes that Christ will return after ("post-") a literal/figurative thousand years, in which the world will have essentially become a Christendom. This view was held by Jonathan Edwards.
Great Tribulation.
In the futurist view of Christian eschatology, the Tribulation is a relatively short period of time where anyone who chose not to follow God before the Rapture and was left behind (according to Pre-Tribulation doctrine, not Mid- or Post-Tribulation teaching) will experience worldwide hardships, disasters, famine, war, pain, and suffering, which will wipe out more than 75% of all life on the earth before the Second Coming takes place.
According to some Dispensationalists who hold the futurist view, the Tribulation is thought to occur before the Second Coming of Jesus and during the End Times. Another version holds that it will last seven years in all, being the last of Daniel's prophecy of seventy weeks. This viewpoint was first made popular by John Nelson Darby in the 19th century and was recently popularized by Hal Lindsey in "The Late Great Planet Earth". It is theorized that each week represents seven years, with the timetable beginning from Artaxerxes' order to rebuild the Temple in Jerusalem (the Second Temple). After seven plus 62 weeks, the prophecy says that the messiah will be "cut off", which is taken to correspond to the death of Christ. This is seen as creating a break of indeterminate length in the timeline, with one week remaining to be fulfilled.
This seven-year week may be further divided into two periods of 3.5 years each, from the two 3.5-year periods in Daniel's prophecy where the last seven years are divided into two 3.5-year periods, () The time period for these beliefs is also based on other passages: in the book of Daniel, "time, times, and half a time", interpreted as "a year, two years, and half a year," and the Book of Revelation, "a thousand two hundred and threescore days" and "forty and two months" (the prophetic month averaging 30 days, hence 1260/30 = 42 months or 3.5 years). The 1290 days of , (rather than the 1260 days of ), is thought to be the result of either a simple intercalary leap month adjustment, or due to further calculations related to the prophecy, or due to an intermediate stage of time that is to prepare the world for the beginning of the millennial reign.
Events.
Among futurists there are differing views about what will happen to Christians during the Tribulation:
In pretribulationism and midtribulationism, the Rapture and the Second Coming (or Greek, "parousia") of Christ are separate events, while in post-tribulationism the two events are identical or simultaneous. Another feature of the pre- and mid-tribulation beliefs is the idea that after the Rapture, Christ will return for a third time (when also counting the first coming) to set up his kingdom on the earth.
Some, including many Roman Catholic theologians, do not believe in a "time of trouble" period as usually described by tribulationists, but rather that there will be a near utopian period led by the Antichrist.
Many other groups, such as Jehovah's Witnesses, do not believe in a Rapture at any point. According to Jehovah's Witnesses, the Great Tribulation is soon to arrive. This period will see the fall of Babylon the Great, the Great Harlot, as spoken of in Revelation. After Babylon the Great has been removed, they say, the world powers shall move against God's chosen people for a short while. This will then usher in the ending of this "world" (not the earth, but the removal of all those who do not wish to follow God by standards) according to their understanding of . The Great Tribulation ends with the battle of Armageddon.
70th week of Daniel.
According to Futurism, the 70th week of Daniel will occur at some point in the future, culminating in seven years (or 3.5 years depending on denomination) of Tribulation and the appearance of the Antichrist.
Such a thesis is paradigmatic for Dispensational Premillennialism. In contradistinction, Historic Premillennialism may or may not posit Daniel's 70th week as future yet retain the thesis of the future fulfillment of many of the prophecies of Major and Minor Prophets, the teachings of Christ (e.g., Matthew 24) and the book of Revelation.
Dispensationalist interpretation.
Dispensationalists typically hold that a 'hiatus', which some refer to as a 'biblical parenthesis', occurred between the 69th and 70th week of the prophecy, into which the "church age" is inserted (also known as the "gap theory" of Daniel 9). The seventieth week of the prophecy is expected to commence after the rapture of the church, which will incorporate the establishment of an economic system using the number '666', the reign of the beast (the Antichrist), the false religious system (the harlot), the Great Tribulation and Armageddon.
Controversy exists regarding the antecedent of "he" in Daniel 9:27. Many within the ranks of premillennialism do not affirm the "confirmation of the covenant" is made by Jesus Christ (as do many Amillennarians) but that the antecedent of "he" in vs. 27 refers back to vs. 26 ("the prince who is to come"—i.e., the Antichrist). Antichrist will make a "treaty" as the Prince of the Covenant (i.e., "the prince who is to come") with Israel's future leadership at the commencement of the seventieth week of Daniel's prophecy; in the midst of the week, the Antichrist will break the treaty and commence persecution against a regathered Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="2852526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852526" title="OK Cowboy">
OK Cowboy

OK Cowboy is the debut album of Vitalic, first released in 2005. After a year, the album was re-released featuring a second, enhanced CD.
Reception.
Critical reception to the album was generally positive, with the album receiving a score of 82 at Metacritic. The music review online magazine Pitchfork Media placed "OK Cowboy" at number 184 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="2852527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852527" title="Rugged Island">
Rugged Island

Rugged Island can mean:
Also, in fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="2852531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852531" title="Ellen Woodsworth">
Ellen Woodsworth

Ellen Woodsworth is a former Vancouver City Councillor. She was first elected in 2002 as a member of Coalition of Progressive Electors, lost her seat in 2005, was re-elected in 2008 and lost again in 2011 by 91 votes behind Adriane Carr (.06% of the vote).
Born in Toronto, Woodsworth went to high school in Japan before returning to Canada to complete her BA at the University of British Columbia. Later her political work took her back to Toronto. She co-founded a travelling women's bookmobile and co-founded and edited a women's newspaper "The Other Woman" in Toronto, Ontario. She then moved to London, England to work with the International Wages for Housework Campaign, and helped found the Canadian chapter. Woodsworth settled in Vancouver in 1979. She was part of a national coalition that forced Canada to include unpaid work in the 1996 census; and she chaired the BC Action Canada Network, which opposed free trade agreements.
Before politics, Woodsworth was a social planning analyst in North Vancouver and worked at the Vancouver YWCA.
Woodsworth is openly lesbian and was, with Tim Stevenson, one of two openly LGBT members of Vancouver City Council.
Record on urban density.
Woodworth voted against rezoning land near the Marine Drive Canada Line station to allow for high-rise development.
Woodsworth also voted against rezoning to allow a four-story building on Commercial Drive.
In July 2011, Woodsworth voted against rezoning the suburban Shannon Mews estate to allow for mid-rise multifamily housing.
Call for campaign finance changes.
After Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson received campaign donations from at least two American supporters, Woodsworth called for a ban on foreign campaign donations such as those received by Robertson.
Women Transforming Cities International Society.
Before leaving the Vancouver City Council, Woodsworth and the chair of the city's Women's Advisory Committee founded Women Transforming Cities. This organization conducts multi-lingual dialogues in the World Cafe format, to bring out women's suggestions for how their city could become safer and more suited to their needs. This process will culminate in activities at the Federation of Canadian Municipalities meeting in Vancouver in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="2852533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852533" title="Jeffrey D. Sams">
Jeffrey D. Sams

Jeffrey D. Sams (born June 18, 1968 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American actor known primarily for his television work.
A native of Ohio, Sams has been a main cast member of several television series, few of which have made it past their first season. These include "Line of Fire", "Medicine Ball", and Rob Thomas's "Cupid".
Sams has had recurring roles on television series such as "Strong Medicine", "Law & Order" and "". He appeared on Broadway in the 1992 musical "Five Guys Named Moe", the 1993 motion "Fly By Night" and in the 1997 motion picture "Soul Food".
As of 2005, Sams had a recurring role on Rob Thomas's "Veronica Mars" as a baseball player named Terrence Cook. His "Cupid" co-star Paula Marshall previously had a recurring role on the show, and Thomas has stated that - at some point - he would like to reunite Marshall, Sams, and their "Cupid" co-star Jeremy Piven on "Veronica Mars".
He also provided the English voice of Amazigh/Barbaroi in the mech action game "Armored Core 4".

</doc>
<doc id="2852535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852535" title="Middle College Program">
Middle College Program

The Middle College Program is a high school alternative program first established in New York. It is a collaboration between a high school district and a community college for high school students who desire a more independent learning environment. Students take a combination of core high school courses and college courses to receive their diploma and graduate. Although students are required to take courses to fulfill their academic requirements, the students have a choice of a variety of classes to fulfill said requirements. Students are allowed to attribute the college credits earned in middle college toward their future college career after they graduate and they are also allowed to combine those together. The core classes are provided by teachers employed by the high school district while all the college courses are taken with real college students at the community college. Many of the middle colleges in the United States today are funded by various organizations, such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, along with the high school district themselves. 
History of the Middle College Program.
The first Middle College Program began as a charter high school at LaGuardia Community College. It opened in 1974 as an alternative high school under the joint auspices of the New York City Board of Education and LaGuardia Community College of the City University of New York. It was funded by grants from the Carnegie Corporation and the Fund for the Improvement for Post Secondary Education.
The original design for the school evolved from the work of Dr. Janet Lieberman, Professor of Psychology at LaGuardia, and a group of special educators who believed that a collaborative high school/college program could nurture the academic and psycho-social needs of at-risk urban youth with college potential.
The LaGuardia Middle College Program still exists today.

</doc>
<doc id="2852536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852536" title="Mill Creek Mountain">
Mill Creek Mountain

Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia. Rising to its greatest elevation of at High Knob, Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge, belonging to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians. Mill Creek Mountain forms the western edge of the South Branch Potomac River Valley and is named for Mill Creek that carves through it at Mechanicsburg Gap allowing the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) to pass through as well. Along with Sawmill Ridge (1,716 feet/523 m), Mill Creek Mountain forms the Trough along the South Branch.
Hanging Rocks at Wappocomo, south of Springfield, are located on the northern edge of the gap in Mill Creek Mountain formed by the South Branch.
Summits and Knobs.
Although Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge, it is made up of a number of summits and knobs with individual names. These are listed from south to north.

</doc>
<doc id="2852538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852538" title="Alberto di Giovanni Alberti">
Alberto di Giovanni Alberti

Alberto di Giovanni Alberti, or Berto di San Sepolcro (1525–1599) was a Tuscan architect, wood carver and painter.
Alberti was born at Sansepolcro. He was engaged as master carver at Arezzo, where he was responsible for the choir stalls in the Cathedral, and at Rome (from 1564 to 1586). As a wood carver he specialized in wood inlay, or "intaglio".
At Città di Castello he executed carvings in a number of churches.
His sons were Alessandro Alberti (1551–1596), a painter; Cherubino Alberti (1553–1615), an engraver in Rome; and Giovanni Alberti (1558–1601).
Two of Alberti's diaries survive. They contain detailed information on commissions, designs, and other drawings. They also give details on his children.

</doc>
<doc id="2852549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852549" title="CCAF">
CCAF

CCAF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852555" title="Christopher Hall (sculptor)">
Christopher Hall (sculptor)

Christopher Hall is a British sculptor, born in 1942 in Nottingham, England, and now living in Scotland.
He attended Loughborough College of Art, as well as Edinburgh College of Art, where he studied sculpture under Eric Schilsky.
Some of Hall's major public works include:

</doc>
<doc id="2852557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852557" title="Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland">
Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland

"Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" stars Tingle, a character who has appeared in several games in "The Legend of Zelda" series starting from "" for the Nintendo 64. It was commercially successful in Japan, selling 234,862 units by the end of 2007.
Gameplay.
The object of "Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" is to continually build up a tower found under a spring to the west of Tingle's house. To do this, the player must feed Rupees into the tower. Subsequent gameplay is built upon finding as much money as possible, but also mixed with traditional "Zelda" dungeon adventuring and puzzle elements. Among this, however, is a shallow bargaining system for interacting with NPCs, as items and information must be bought via offering what the player thinks is a suitable price. If the price is too low, the player may not receive anything, but if the price offered is too high they may be needlessly spending too much.
Dungeons.
Dungeons within "Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" are found on each of the game's three continents, and are a necessity to complete the game. By completing a dungeon, not only does the player receive what are typically the biggest Rupee rewards, but by defeating the end-of-dungeon bosses they also receive one of five gems. Even if the player has successfully built the tower to its tallest height, they must have collected all the gems to access the final location. Accessing these dungeons is limited by the height of the tower, as certain areas can only be accessed once the tower is a certain height, and thus after the player has donated enough Rupees into it.
Tingle can collect items along his journey, selling them later for profit or using them to aid support characters or other NPCs. Items can also be mixed together to create different variations. These are made via the boiling pot in Tingle's home, where the player uses the stylus to stir the mixture. Other items can be used to decorate the top floor of Tingle's house, and completing the game allows the player to change Tingle's clothing.
Whenever the player enters a new location within "Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland", the player will receive an incomplete map. By filling in and completing the map, via circling (with the stylus) points of interest which are not shown on it, the player can then show the map to an old woman in the nearby port town and receive a fixed sum of money. By selling the completed map, however, the player loses access to the map until they buy it back from the woman.
Combat.
Although completing dungeons can be likened to that in "The Legend of Zelda" series, combat is very different from the combat elements of such a series. Instead of having a large amount of direct input into the battles, within "Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" the player simply engages an enemy, at which point both Tingle and the enemy character turn into a ball of dust as they fight. Then the player can either tap the screen to rally support for Tingle, or use the D-pad (A, B, Y and X for Left-handed people) to move the fight around the screen.
Although Tingle's Rupee count depletes as he fights with an enemy, successfully defeating one results in receiving Rupees and rare items. By engaging multiple enemies in battles, by moving the dust cloud over them, although Tingle loses more Rupees early on in the battle, the amount of rewards multiply.
Furthermore, to assist Tingle in battles, the player can acquire bodyguards as support characters to help him in combat and dungeons. These bodyguards are found in "Bodyguard Salons", and there are thirty of these characters overall, who must be bargained with for them to help. These characters come in small, medium and large sizes, such description reflecting their strength and power parameters.
Plot.
Story.
The plot of "Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" follows Tingle's transformation from a rather ordinary middle-aged man into his green-clothed fairy person. Such a story starts when one day a voice calls Tingle from his home to a spring west of his house. There, Uncle Rupee, an old man with a Rupee-shaped head, appears and offers Tingle a life in a paradise called Rupeeland if he continues to feed Rupees to the Western Pool. If enough Rupees are fed, the tower found under the pool will grow upwards towards the sky, and Tingle will be able to enter Rupeeland. Tingle accepts the offer and Uncle Rupee transforms him so that Rupees become his source of life. However, near the end of the game, the player learns that Uncle Rupee has been deceiving Tingle all along, causing Tingle to battle against him.
Setting.
"Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" features three continents divided into eleven islands. Each island is themed differently and sometimes contains its own dungeon or else it has a central puzzle the player must complete.
Development.
"Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" was announced in October 2005 under the title "Tingle RPG". It was later released on September 2, 2006 in Japan, and in Europe on September 14, 2007.
Reception.
"Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" has received mostly positive reviews from the few outlets which have reviewed it. "Official Nintendo Magazine" gave the game a score of 76%, praising the game's uniqueness, humour and "fantastically stylised graphics", but criticizing it for dull dungeon design and a poor battle system.
In its first week of release, it sold more than 45,000 units in Japan. It was the 57th best-selling game of 2006 in Japan, selling 207,525 units. It was the 478th best-selling game of 2007, selling 21,295 units in that year for a total of 234,862 units as of 2007. IGN ranked the cover art the scariest cover art in gaming.
International release.
Following several articles and import reviews in various international monthly publications, like "Electronic Gaming Monthly" and "Nintendo Power", the British "Official Nintendo Magazine" reviewed the game under the name of "Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland" in its March 2007 issue, stating a release of the game that month. In early January 2007, website Cubed³ reported that Nintendo had confirmed to them a European release for 2007, but it was not until June 21, 2007, that Nintendo officially announced that the game would be released in European countries under the same title used by "Official Nintendo Magazine".
Legacy.
"Super Smash Bros. Brawl" includes stickers based on artwork from the game, and the game itself is referenced in Tingle's trophy description. However, the game is referred to as "Tingle's Rupeeland".
A sequel was also released for the Nintendo DS titled "Irozuki Tincle no Koi no Balloon Trip". Unlike the first game, this game was released only in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2852560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852560" title="Gidgee">
Gidgee

Gidgee may refer to any of a number of species of "Acacia" native to arid or semi-arid regions of Australia, or to the vegetation communities in which these species dominate:

</doc>
<doc id="2852566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852566" title="Densetsu no Stafy 4">
Densetsu no Stafy 4

Plot.
During the resting hours of Starfy and his family in the Pufftop Palace, a kingdom just several miles away known as the Amy Kingdom was under attack. The heart-shaped Monamool Stone held there has been stolen by an evil female snake named Dejeel. Materu, a princess from Amy Castle, has fled to seek Starfy's help. When Moe the clam saw Materu and heard about her, he rushed toward Pufftop Palace, bursts inside the front door of it and told everyone that Materu would like to speak with them about the Amy Kingdom tragedy. While Starfy dozed off, Moe told him to listen, then Starly petted Moe and talked to him about his love, Ruby the zebra turkeyfish, while Starfy sat and played with his handheld game console that resembles the original Nintendo DS. Later, after their relaxation, Starfy, Starly and Moe went with Materu to stop Dejeel from ruling the Amy Kingdom.
Gameplay.
Gameplay in "Densetsu no Stafy 4" is quite similar to the previous games in the series. New features were added in this game that make use of the Nintendo DS' advanced hardware. The visuals are still 2-D, albeit with completely redrawn sprites, while the backgrounds are 3-D. "Densetsu no Stafy 4" takes advantage of the dual screens, using them to show both the main game and map of the level simultaneously, while it uses the touchscreen to activate special abilities and navigate menus. Some costumes in the costume collections of "Densetsu no Stafy 2" and "Densetsu no Stafy 3" return in fully rendered 3-D, which allows the player to manipulate the 3D models of Starfy and Starly to see more of their costumes.
Development.
In order to give fans a chance to contribute to the development of "Densetsu no Stafy 4", Nintendo and TOSE created a costume contest, and gave fans a picture of Starfy (in PDF format) to print, color, and send in. A picture of Starfy in a rocket suit was shown to the Starfy fans as an example on how to color over the coloring picture. The winning costumes also appear on the official "Densetsu no Stafy 4" website. Most other artworks were featured in the first credits sequence of "Densetsu no Stafy 4".
Reception.
"Densetsu no Stafy 4" was the fourth best-selling game in Japan during its week of release at 47,971 copies. Japanese sales totalled 167,136 copies during 2006. "Famitsu" scored the game a 33 out of 40 based on the opinions of four reviewers.

</doc>
<doc id="2852572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852572" title="Roger Cowley">
Roger Cowley

Roger Arthur Cowley, FRS, FRSE, FInstPhys (born 24 February 1939) is an English physicist who has specialised in the excitations of solids. He obtained a B.A. in physics from Trinity Hall, University of Cambridge in 1960 and a Ph.D. in 1963. He was appointed professor of physics at the University of Edinburgh in 1970 and professor of experimental philosophy at University of Oxford in 1988.
Cowley made his name in the field of neutron scattering. This work lead to the study of phase transitions.
He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1978. Awarded the Max Born Prize in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="2852575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852575" title="Fournaise">
Fournaise

Fournaise (fr. "furnace", "blaze" or "bonfire") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852581" title="Parks and open spaces in Newham">
Parks and open spaces in Newham

The London Borough of Newham, in spite of being one the more crowded areas of London, has over 20 parks within its boundaries, as well as smaller recreation grounds. The larger parks in the Borough include:
Newham is a riverside borough, and one of the largest open spaces is the Thames itself. A riverside path exists, but flood prevention works can often make river views problematic.
Other features:
In 1998, the council set up a controversial new police force, the Newham Parks Constabulary, to police these parks. The force was renamed the Newham Community Constabulary and was subjected to an investigation into abuse of power and corruption, following considerable coverage in "Private Eye". The force was disbanded in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2852591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852591" title="Barry Schrader">
Barry Schrader

Barry Schrader (born June 26, 1945, Johnstown, Pennsylvania) is an American composer specializing in electro-acoustic (primarily electronic) music. His compositions for electronics, dance, film, video, mixed media, live/electro-acoustic music combinations, and real-time computer performance have been presented throughout the world. Schrader has been acclaimed by the "Los Angeles Times" as "a composer born to the electronic medium", named "a seminal composer of electro-acoustic music" by "Journal SEAMUS", and described by "Gramophone" as a composer of "approachable electronic music with a distinctive individual voice to reward the adventurous". "There's a great sweep to Schrader's work that puts it more in line with ambitious large-scale electronic works by the likes of Stockhausen ("Hymnen"), Eloy ("Shanti") and Henry (take your pick), a line that can be traced backwards to Mahler, Bruckner and Beethoven." writes Dan Warburton of the "Paris Transatlantic Magazine". "Computer Music Journal" states that Schrader’s “music withstands the test of time and stands uniquely in the American electronic music genre.”
Schrader began composing electronic music in 1969 while a graduate student at the University of Pittsburgh, where he was also organist for Sunday high mass at Heinz Chapel. He graduated with an MA degree in musicology and then went to the newly formed California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California, where he received an MFA in composition in 1971. He was appointed to the School of Music faculty of CalArts in 1971, and has been on the composition faculty ever since. He has also taught at the University of California at Santa Barbara and the California State University at Los Angeles.
Active in the promotion of electro-acoustic music, Schrader is the founder and the first president of SEAMUS (Society for Electro-Acoustic Music in the United States). He has been involved with the inauguration and operation of several performance series such as SCREAM (Southern California Resource for Electro-Acoustic Music), the Currents concert series at Theatre Vanguard (the first ongoing series of electro-acoustic music concerts in the U.S.), and the CalArts Electro-Acoustic Music Marathon. He has written for several publications including "The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians", "Grolier’s Encyclopedia", "Contemporary Music Review", and "Journal SEAMUS", and is the author of the book "Introduction to Electro-Acoustic Music".
Musical Style and Compositional Theory.
Timbre.
Schrader’s compositional style reveals a number of major concerns. One of the most important is his concern for timbre. As most of his music uses only electronically generated material (as opposed to the use of recorded concrete (acoustic) material), Schrader creates unique timbres for all of his works, and these are often designed specifically for use in a particular composition. His early music was created on Buchla modular analog control voltage systems (both the 100 and 200 (Electric Music Box) series), and the best known of these works are "Trinity" (1976) and "Lost Atlantis" (1977). In 1985, Schrader made the transition from analog to digital and his work since then has been computer-based. The timbres that he creates are all time-variant structures, as Schrader believes that periodic electronic timbres are essentially boring in human perception. This is based on the analysis of acoustic timbres where the spectrum (particular combinations of frequencies (partials)) and what he calls the "event-envelope" (combinations of envelopes of partials (description of amplitude interpolations in time) are both constantly in flux. In addition, Schrader often creates what he termed in the 1970s as “linear timbral transformations”, what might more contemporaneously be referred to as “timbral morphs”. In this process, timbres change in a linear fashion creating a progression from one point to another. In doing this, Schrader is attempting to focus the listener’s attention on timbre as a primary musical dimension, something that he believes is possible only in electro-acoustic music. Examples of linear timbral transformations can be found in "Trinity" (1976), "Triptych" (1987, rev. 2000), "Death" (2004), "Wu-Xing - Cycle of Destruction" (2005, and "Monkey" (2005–2007). Writing in "Gramophone" about Schrader’s "EAM" CD, Ken Smith says “...he has managed to implement timbre fully as a structural tool - a point that many composers have discussed without true success.”
Linearity.
Both Schrader’s analytical and compositional theory are predicated on the nature of human perception, which includes both its possibilities and limitations. He regards things perceived in time as “linear-kinetic events”, and creates his music to be heard in an intentionally linear fashion. This sets his work apart from much of the music of late 20th and early 21st centuries. His ideas are often based on compositional forms and procedures of the past, but he takes these into new, expanded, and often abstracted territory. He is particularly fond of developmental music, and much of his work uses a very small amount of material to generate the entire piece. This approach is evident in such works as "Ground" (1998), "Duke’s Tune" (2002), and "Ravel" (2003).
Teleology.
Schrader considers music to be based on one of two types of compositional procedures: relational or translational. In relational composition procedure, the meaning of the music (teleology) is created by the relationships formed among the various pieces of musical dimensional information combined together in a way that expresses musical ideas that have evolved through the millennia. While he does not believe in music as a universal language, and he thinks that all experience exists within a defined context, the extrapolation of what is meaningful in experience is the only way to create effective communication in music. The teleology of a work is the combination of intentionally imparted ideas and meanings placed there by the composer, and this, in a final sense, is what a particular work of relational music is about. In translational works, on the other hand, data created in a way that has no relation to evolved musical processes is simply translated into sound. Translational music cannot relate any teleology since the compositional procedure is foreign to human perception. (One can, of course, imitate or recreate a particular work through translational means.) Examples of translational compositional procedures are chance, serial, and algorithmic procedures. While Schrader sees uses for these and other translational procedures in secondary roles in composition, he thinks that works that are essentially or entirely translational are perceived as uninteresting by the listener. This comes from a misunderstanding of the nature of the function of information in a linear-kinetic structure. There is a seesaw relationship between the quality of information and its predictability; when one is high, the other is low. Successful works are those that keep this relationship changing throughout the progression of the piece. Composers who use translational procedures understand that change creates information, but they seem to believe that the unpredictability of the information should remain high throughout the work. The problem here, Schrader postulates, is that the constantly high level of predictability of the musical data becomes, itself, predicable, and the result is boredom on the part of the listener. So the concepts of relational procedures and teleology are paramount in Schrader’s music.
Compositions.
Electro-Acoustic Studio Music.
"Monkey King" (2005–2007)
"Wu Xing: Cycle of Destruction" (2005)
"First Spring" (2004)
"Death" (2004)
"Duke’s Tune" (2002)
"Still Lives" (2000)
"Ground" (1998)
"Extreme Variations on a Theme and Variations by Mel Powell" (rev. 1998)
"816" (1997)
"Beyond" (1992)
"Dance from the Outside" (1989)
"Triptych" (1987)
"California Dream" (1986–1987)
"Bachahama" (1986)
"Electronic Suite from Moon-Whales and other Moon Songs" (1982–1983)
"Lost Atlantis" (1977)
"Classical Studies" (1977)
"Trinity" (1976)
"Bestiary" (1972–1974)
"Celebration" (1971)
"Apparitions" (1970)
"Incantation" (1970)
"Serenade" (1969)
Live/Electro-Acoustic Music.
"Wu-Xing: Cycle of Destruction", electronic music and graphic score (2005)
"Fallen Sparrow" for violin and electronic music (2005)
"Ravel" for piano and electronic music (2003)
"Five Arabesques" for clarinet and electronic music (1999)
"Excavations" for harpsichord and electronic music (1992)
"Night" (with Frank Royon Le Mée) (1990) voice and live interactive computer and electronics
"Two : Square Flowers Red : Songs" (1990) SATB Choir and electronics, poems by Peter Levitt
"Remonstrance" (1989) voice and tape
"Love, In Memoriam" (1989) voice and electronics, poems by Michael Glück
"Twilight" (1988) real-time interactive computer and electronics
"Extreme Variations on a Theme and Variations by Mel Powell" for six computer-controlled Yamaha Clavinovas (1987)
"Dance Suite" for harp and computer (1987)
"Electronic Music Box IV" (1985) real-time automated, programmed patch system for Buchla 200
"Electronic Music Box III" (1984) real-time automated, programmed patch system for Buchla 200
"Electronic Music Box II" (1983) real-time automated, programmed patch system for Buchla 200
"Electronic Music Box I" (1982) real-time automated, programmed patch system for Buchla 200
"Moon-Whales and Other Moon Songs" (1982–1983) soprano, dancers, and 4-channel tape, poems by Ted Hughes
"Elysium" (1971) harp, dancers, Buchla 200, projections
Instrumental Music.
"Remonstrance" (1989) voice and piano
"Signature for Tempo" (1968) soprano and piano
Film Scores.
"Gallery 3" (1988) (Jules Engel)
"Galaxy of Terror" (1982) (Bruce Clark)
"Along the Way" (1980) (Steve Eagle)
"Mobiles" (1978) (Jules Engel)
"The Glory Road West" (1976) (Terry Sanders)
"Exploratorium" (1975) (Jon Boorstin)
"Heavy-Light" (1973) (Adam Beckett)
"Death of the Red Planet" (1973) (Dale Pelton)
"How to Make a Woman" (1972) (Al Fiering)
Video Scores.
"1921 > 1989" (1989) (Michael Scroggins)
"California Dream" (1987–89) (Michael Scroggins)
Environmental Works.
"Soundvironments I & II" (1971)
music for Otto Piene's "Sky Ballet" (1970)
Recordings.
"816", Innova 119
"Barroco" (from "Excavations"), SEAMUS EAM 9401
"Beyond" CD, Innova 640
"Beyond", Centaur CRC 2490
"EAM" CD, Innova 575
"Fallen Sparrow" CD, Innova 654
"Lost Atlantis" CD, Innova 629
"Lost Atlantis", Laurel Record LR139
"Marmelade d’Oranges" (to Lewis Carroll) (from "Love, In Memoriam"), CIRM CD9311
"Monkey King", Innova 703
"Trinity", Opus One Records #93

</doc>
<doc id="2852611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852611" title="Virginia State Route 2">
Virginia State Route 2

Virginia State Route 2 (SR 2), formerly Virginia State Route 50 (SR 50), is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from U.S. Route 1 and US 301 in Richmond north to US 1 Business, US 17 Business, and SR 3 Business in Fredericksburg. SR 2 connects Richmond and Fredericksburg via Bowling Green. The state highway runs concurrently with US 301 from Richmond to Bowling Green and with US 17 Business in the Fredericksburg area.
Route description.
SR 2 begins at an intersection with US 1 and US 301 at the northern edge of Richmond. Southbound US 1 and US 301 head south along Chamberlayne Avenue toward downtown Richmond. Northbound US 1 heads west on Azalea Avenue then turns north onto Brook Road a few blocks to the west. SR 2 and US 301 head north on Chamberlayne Avenue, a four-lane divided highway that becomes Chamberlayne Road upon entering Henrico County. A short distance north of the city limits, the carriageways split, with the southbound lanes crossing to the west of Interstate 95 (I-95). Several ramps connect the two highways with I-95 in the forested area around Upham Brook. After I-95 veers northwest and the carriageways rejoin, SR 2 and US 301 pass through the suburb of Chamberlayne. The highways meet the eastern end of Parham Road, the main east–west boulevard of Henrico County, just before crossing the Chickahominy River into Hanover County.
SR 2 and US 301 meet I-295 at a cloverleaf interchange just north of the county line. The two highways continue through a suburban area where they pass under CSX's Piedmont Subdivision. North of Hanover High School, SR 2 and US 301 reduce to two lanes and the road's name changes to Hanover Courthouse Road. The highways pass the 18th century Hanover County Courthouse and meet the eastern end of SR 54 (Patrick Henry Road) in the county seat of Hanover Courthouse. SR 2 and US 301 cross the Pamunkey River into Caroline County. The road, now named Richmond Turnpike, intersects SR 30 (Dawn Boulevard) in the hamlet of Bowersville, also known as Dawn. The two highways run straight for ; near the north end of the straight, the highways cross the Mattaponi River.
At the north end of the straight, SR 2 and US 301 expand to a four-lane divided highway that lasts until the two highways pass under SR 207 (Bowling Green Bypass). US 301 leaves SR 2 on a two-way ramp to the bypass to head toward the Potomac River Bridge into Charles County, Maryland. SR 2 and US 301 Business continue into the town of Bowling Green as Main Street. At the north end of downtown, the state highway intersects Broaddus Avenue, which heads west as SR 207 Business and east as US 301 Business. SR 2 leaves town as the Fredericksburg Turnpike. On this only stretch of the state highway that does not run concurrently with another highway, the highway passes along the western edge of Fort A.P. Hill and through the hamlets of Villboro, Locks Corner, and Corbin. SR 2 becomes Sandy Lane Drive upon entering Spotsylvania County, where its solo existence ends at its intersection with US 17 (Mills Drive) at New Post.
SR 2 continues north together with US 17 Business along Tidewater Trail, which crosses Massaponax Creek and passes through a suburban area on the south side of Fredericksburg. The highways become Dixon Street and expand to a four-lane divided highway as they enter the independent city. SR 2 and US 17 Business meet SR 3 (Blue and Gray Parkway) at a partial cloverleaf interchange. At Charles Street, Dixon Street veers east, then the two highways turn north onto a one-way pair, Caroline Street northbound and Princess Anne Street southbound. The two streets pass under CSX's RF&P Subdivision at the southern end of downtown adjacent to the Fredericksburg train station, which serves Amtrak and is the southern terminus of Virginia Railway Express's Fredericksburg Line. Immediately north of the railroad crossing SR 2 and US 17 Business meet US 1 Business (Lafayette Boulevard), which joins the two highways through downtown Fredericksburg. Just north of St. George's Episcopal Church, which abuts Princess Anne Street, SR 2 reaches its northern terminus at SR 3 Business (William Street). The two U.S. Highway business routes continue north through Fredericksburg to an intersection with US 1 just south of that highway's crossing of the Rappahannock River.

</doc>
<doc id="2852632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852632" title="Jed">
Jed

Jed may refer to:
JED may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852641" title="Australian Sharpie">
Australian Sharpie

The Australian Sharpie is a 3-person sailing dinghy which has evolved from the 12-square-metre class sailed in the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Australian Sharpies are 19 feet, inches long, with a planing hull and a single mast. Sharpies race with a fully battened mainsail, a jib and a spinnaker.
They are sailed competitively in all six Australian states. The Australian Sharpie National Titles is run as a carnival each year rotating from state to state. A National Conference is held each year during this event by officials from the Australian Sharpie Sailing Association (ASSA).
Famous Sharpie sailors include 1983 America's Cup winner John Bertrand, Sir James Hardy and John Cuneo.
Development.
Development of the Australian Sharpie is strictly controlled by the Australian Sharpie Sailing Association (ASSA), which has chapters in each of the states which have Sharpie fleets. The current craft was initially referred to as a "Lightweight Sharpie". to distinguish it from an earlier design which was referred to as a "Heavyweight Sharpie"; however, at a recent national conference the name was officially changed to "Australian Sharpie". The Lightweight Sharpie was founded by the Addison brothers in Western Australia. 
Because of the design, the type has limitations that prevent mass-production in fiberglass. Fiberglass, by its nature, is stronger when used for compound curves. The flat bottom and sides of a sharpie are not well suited to this building material. Some designers, such as Bruce Kirby and Reuel Parker have managed to add some curves (typically at the chine) without compromising the qualities of the type, but there are limits as to what can be done before the boat becomes something other than a sharpie.
The earlier heavyweight Sharpie is still sailed to this day with fleets in the UK, Holland, Germany, and Portugal.
The Australian Sharpie Sailing Association.
The association consists of representatives from each state with an
active sailing Sharpie fleet. Office bearers in the association include an:
Each state division (chapter) of the association also has its own office bearers, typically including a President, Measurer, Secretary, Race Officer and Publicity Officer.
The Annual Carnival and National Titles.
The Carnival is held annually in consecutive states in the following order:
The National Titles trophy consists of 7 races. These races are preceded by two invitation races.
National Awards.
A number of perpetual trophies are presented at the end of the annual carnival. These include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2852654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852654" title="Magical Starsign">
Magical Starsign

Magical Starsign, originally released in Japan as , is a role-playing video game for the Nintendo DS developed by Brownie Brown. It is the sequel to the Japan-exclusive Game Boy Advance title, "Magical Vacation". "Magical Starsign" is the second game in the Magical Starsign series and was released in Japan and the United States in 2006 and was released in Europe the next year. Nintendo Australia has said that it would not publish the game in the Oceanic region as it expected low sales of the game.
Gameplay.
The player uses the Nintendo DS's touch screen for character control and interaction, while the top screen displays maps and other general information. The battle system is turn-based, and the position of the planets within the game affects the amount of damage wielded or received by each character. All characters in the game are associated with a specific planet, and their magic attack power is boosted when a character's planet is positioned favorably. Players can also boost their attack power by tapping their character when the circle of symbols has disappeared around them during a battle. This is known as a "Spell Strike", and a large flash of color (the same color assigned to the character's element) appears prior to the attack. The player may also tap their character right before they are hit with an attack to receive less damage. This is known as a "Reflex Guard," and puts the character into a guard stance and causes them to glow with blue light. However, some attacks cannot be guarded against in this way.
Astrolog.
There are 7 different elements in the game (light, darkness, fire, water, wood, earth, and wind) which each correspond to a planet in the game's solar system. The Astrolog tracks the movement of these planets, which move clockwise around a central point as time passes within the game. The orbital velocity of each planet varies according to their size and location. Magic spells of certain elements are twice as effective while a planet is orbiting within the area assigned to its corresponding element. This bonus applies for both the player's magic spells and enemy spells. The light and dark elements are instead affected by solar activity: light magic is more powerful during the daytime, and dark magic is more powerful during the night (in-game time is viewable as an animated hourglass). A certain spell acquired later in the game allows the player to move the planets to an advantageous position; or potentially align the 5 planets in a straight line (as indicated in the Japanese version's subtitle), which causes far more damage than the standard elemental bonus. The planets may also happen to align without using the spell, but this causes damage to both the player and the enemy.
Multiplayer.
Up to six players may connect locally (a game card is required for each player), taking their characters into a dungeon where they work together to defeat monsters while racing to collect treasure. Points are awarded for damage done to enemies and treasure collected from chests, and the player with the most points at the end wins the multiplayer mode. Experience points and treasures gained in this mode are applied to the main game.
Tag mode allows players to exchange game data to gain new items. Up to 100 players are recorded on the game's friend list, and the item gained will vary depending on in-game progress or the main character's element. There is also an option to create a short message displayed when tag mode is used, allowing players to exchange messages with each other. Using the tag mode frequently will create an "egg character," which becomes stronger each time tag mode is used successfully. The player can use the egg character in the main game, but it will not gain levels with experience like other characters.
Synopsis.
Plot.
The solar system of "Magical Starsign" consists of 6 planets: the planets of fire, wood, wind, water, earth, and another small planet on the fringes of the solar system called Kovomaka. Kovomaka houses the Will-O-Wisp academy of magic, where 6 aspiring magicians are studying in the same class under the guidance of their teacher, Miss Madeline. One day, Principal Biscotti receives word that Master Kale, a graduate of the academy, has become the leader of the space pirates, and is planning to destroy the solar system. He sends Miss Madeline out into space on a mission to prevent Master Kale from achieving his evil plans, but loses all contact with her shortly afterwards. 3 months later, Lassi, one of the current students in the academy, discovers a small spaceship hidden on the roof of the academy building, and goes off into space in search of Miss Madeline. The hero of the story pursues Lassi in another spaceship, but is forced to crash land on another planet. The player must reunite with the other 5 classmates, rescue Miss Madeline, and derail Master Kale's evil plans in a wild journey across outer-space.
Setting.
The story takes place within the seven planets of the Baklava solar system. Transportation between planets is made possible by using a magical spaceship, and players may freely visit other planets as the story progresses. The planets also play an important role in the game's battle system.
The first planet, Kovomaka, is an obscure magic planet located on the fringe of the solar system, which houses the Will-O-Wisp academy of magic. It is not listed on Astrologs because of its small size and location, and the people living on the planet are unaware of the presence of other planets, as other planets are unaware of Kovomaka's existence for the same reason. 
Erd ( in the Japanese version) is the earth planet, where the player makes a crash landing at the beginning of the game. The planet is covered with stone mountains and desert, and is mostly populated by ancient robots and spiny mole people. Ancient ruins are located all across the planet. The ancient Espresso people lived on this planet before becoming extinct by "gummification" to power the robot power cells. There were also nine Stone Giants who once roamed the planet, the last one being Tektos, who was killed in an attack against Magnus Muzzleflash and gave the Earth Millennium Gummy to the children as a parting gift. 
Cassia () is the water planet, which consists of two large islands. The planet is mainly populated by otter people, and another magic academy, Ambergis Prep, established prior to Will-O-Wisp is located on Granule Island. Cassia is frozen cold when the player first arrives. The planet is home to the Aquarino, a water particle that neither freezes or evaporates as a side effect of being set on fire by the "Fire Otter". The planet is also home to the Holy Water Pyramid, home to the Water Millennium Gummy and the ancient race of water people.
Puffoon () is the wind planet, where the headquarters of the Space Police are located. This was the player's intended destination prior to the crash-landing, and endless barren land stretches out beyond highly developed cities, leading to various odd areas such as the rabbit-populated town of Honey Mint White Caramel Fudgeflake with Melty Butter and Syrup and Whipped Cream on Top and the Couscous Ruins, a strange area home to the Wind Millennium Gummy where "time just piles up like snow". 
Gren () is the wood planet, which is mostly covered with jungle terrain. The planet is populated with Felin and Salamander people, and the space pirate base is also located here. The giant tree Yggsalad soars above the deepest parts of the jungle. The salamanders used to live in Yggsalad, but the pirates evicted them five years ago. The heroes obtained the Wood Millennium Gummy here, after a Felin named Semolina sacrificied herself to the anthropophagus, a man-eating flower within Yggsalad. The planet was at one point set on fire.
Razen () is the fire planet, which cannot be entered by normal spaceships because of its extreme heat. Rivers of lava flow on the planet's surface, and the central mountain houses many dwarves. A stone stage deep in the cave called World's Seam acts as a portal to Nova. Another cave, called Capscium Caverns is home to a (nonexistent) dragon called Scargot and the Fire Millennium Gummy. Two different species live here, living pots and dwarves. Dragons used to live on the planets (as evidenced by skeletons in Capscium Caverns), but went extinct due to unknown reasons (a dwarve believes Scargot killed them all, suggesting that at one point Scargot was an actual dragon.)
Nova is the light planet and one of two planets within the Baklava system's sun. It is populated by odd creatures called Dancing Fruit and the people of the light, the Luminites, whose queen dies and lives under mysterious circumstances. The Luminite palace holds a Starway to the other planet in the sun, Shadra. A dungeon called Glissini Caves lies hidden under the planet's surface, holding a powerful version of Shadra called Umbra.
Shadra is the dark planet and one of two planets within the sun. The mountainous planet is populated by enigmas, physical embodiments of darkness, varieties including Piskpooka, Dab Hasnel, and Equillekrew (all featured in Magical Vacation). A massive worm, Shadra, that is destined to eat to sun lives in massive caverns called Chromagar Caves, which turns any living thing that lingers there into a gummy to be eaten by Shadra.
Characters.
Faculty.
4 other characters from the game's prequel, "Magical Vacation", are mentioned throughout the story but do not make actual appearances in the game. is mentioned as a teacher at the Will-O-Wisp academy who is unpopular with students because of his strict teaching style. , , and are also referred to at various points in the story..
Pirates of Cassia.
The space pirates are a group of villains that have recently started to abduct magicians. Their main base is located on the wood planet, Gren, and most of them are otters who wield the water element. Low-ranking members tend to attack with swords, fishing rods, or ship anchors instead of magic.
Space Police.
The space police base is located in the wind planet, Puffoon, and they are notorious for redirecting cases to other departments or ignoring them completely. They are secretly in league with the Pirates of Cassia, and generic police officers fight using light magic, bombs, and martial arts. They also have special shields made by the dwarves equipped on their backs, which allow them to fly.
Localization.
Like many Japanese games released in other countries, most of the character names and place names of "Magical Starsign" underwent changes during localization. Characters are named after foods or drinks in both the Japanese and English versions, and each species has its own theme of food for their names. For instance, the mole people encountered on Erd are all named after various cheeses (Bleu, Munster, Cheddar), while dwarves are named after sauces, dressings, and other condiments.
Reception.
Critical reception for Magical Starsign was positive on the whole, with the game scoring an average of 71% on GameRankings. IGN awarded the game 7.5/10, stating "anyone looking for a true classic RPG should look no further". Eurogamer scored the game 8/10, calling it "something which is well worth a look for any RPG fan who's in the market for a handheld adventure". Press Start Online said that the game "updates the 2D turn-based RPG in a way that fans of the genre will find irresistible". And in Japan, "Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 31 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="2852674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852674" title="Howard Eskin">
Howard Eskin

Howard Eskin (born April 29, 1951) is sports director at WTXF-TV "Fox 29" in Philadelphia.and an American sports radio personality for WIP-FM 94.1/WIP-AM 610. He is Jewish.
Career.
After Eskin graduated from Northeast High School in Philadelphia in 1968, he got his start in local radio at WFIL-AM when evening shift disc jockey George Michael hired him to be his engineer. Eskin eventually made a name for himself in sports radio by breaking stories and stirring public opinion with his commentaries. He brought that same hustle with him to television where, with his efforts, breaking news was often found on the sports desk. The award winning sportscaster first made the transition to television in 1982 when he joined KYW-TV. One of Eskin’s managers at KYW jokes that the sportscaster kept the Eagles in Philadelphia by breaking the story in the 1980s that the owner was trying to sell the team. "If Howard had not stepped in when he did... Leonard Tose would have snuck the Eagles out of town," says Frank Traynor. "Howard broke the Eagles story... and, by doing so, I believe helped to keep the team in town."
In the mid-1980s, Eskin co-hosted with John Debella on WMMR's "Morning Zoo", their combination was advertised as "Sports Rock". On television Eskin helped launch Fox Station WTXF-TV's "Ten O’Clock News" as part of its original anchor team from 1986 to 1991. On radio, the "Sports Rock" format proved unsuccessful at WMMR. It began in the Fall of 1992 and lasted until the Spring of 1993. Soon thereafter, Eskin moved to WIP, whose station format would shortly become amongst the first full-time sports-talk radio themes in the United States.
In 1992, he rejoined KYW-TV and then moved to WCAU-TV in 1996 where he served as a host and contributor to "Sports Final" until April, 2005. He returned to the show in 2006. He was also a contributor to the "The George Michael Sports Machine", hosted by the man who helped Eskin begin his broadcasting career; serves as a frequent commentator on ESPN's First Take; co-hosted a nationally syndicated radio show, "Let’s Talk Sports", and been called on for his opinions by such diverse programs as NBC’s Today Show and PBS’s MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour.
In addition to his radio and television presence Eskin wrote a column for the "Philadelphia Daily News" in the early 1990s.
Eskin's breaking stories included one that former Philadelphia Phillies general manager Ed Wade would be fired if the Phillies did not make the playoffs. Wade was subsequently fired by the Phillies on October 10, 2005. He unsuccessfully "campaigned" for the GM position, that was eventually filled by former Toronto Blue Jays GM Pat Gillick.
Eskin also covered the negotiation and subsequent breakdown between Comcast and a group led by Julius Erving and Will Smith to buy the Philadelphia 76ers. Howard's involvement in the negotiation entailed a request help from Allen L. Rothenberg, a prominent Philadelphia attorney, who was a regular at Eskin's synagogue.
On September 20, 2007 Howard Eskin logged his 5,000th radio show, more than anyone else in the country, and celebrated his 25th year in television that same year. Guests on the show included Charles Barkley, Terrell Owens, and Billy Cunningham.
On September 2, 2011 Howard Eskin hosted his last 3 to 7 PM show after nearly 6,000 shows and 25 years in that slot.
Controversy.
In 1997 Eskin was exposed as the "prominent Philadelphia sportscaster" who had sent a dozen roses to a woman five days before she was murdered by her husband. The woman had posted a fake profile on a dating site, identifying herself as 25-year-old "Brandice". A note sent with the roses was read during the guilty plea of Raymond Stumpf by his attorney:
"Dear Brandice It was absolutely wonderful getting to know you. Hope to get to know you better. You were very thought-provoking and I do love your name. Love, Howard." Eskin subsequently denied ever meeting with her and said the roses were nothing more than an innocent attempt to brighten a lonely woman's day. At his sentencing, in Montgomery County Court, Raymond Stumpf stated "I think the worst part was probably the day the roses came." Stumpf was sentenced to a term of 7 1/2 to 15 years for the killing.
Howard is best known for his controversial comments in regard to teams, coaches, athletes, sportswriters, broadcasters, and listeners and sometimes non-sports related issues. It is not uncommon to hear Eskin defend one of his "favorites" against a popular critical opinion, or disregard a milestone accomplished by someone who he doesn't "like." One example of this is when he recently slammed Roy Halladay, in the off-season after Halladay pitched the MLB's 20th perfect game ever and the second ever no hitter in the playoffs, for not speaking to the media enough and not disclosing his opinions on matters where his opinions had already been made public and quotes from Halladay had already been released to the media.
He was suspended and forced to give an on-air apology to the organizers of the Miss America Pageant for saying on the air that the contest was rigged.
During a controversy involving former Philadelphia Flyer Eric Lindros selling game tickets to Mafia members, Eskin interviewed reputed Philly mob boss Joseph Merlino about the Mafioso's sitting in Lindros' seats at a hockey game at the Flyers' rink. Merlino denied getting the seats from Lindros.
Eskin has also been known to lead long-term "campaigns" to have players traded from Philadelphia teams such as former Phillies' outfielder Bobby Abreu for alleged lackadaisical defense and lack of clutch hitting, and Sixers' guard Allen Iverson for his allegedly selfish play. Eskin's last public stunt was organizing a mock funeral to celebrate Terrell Owens demise with the Eagles during their 2005 season.
In 2007, Eskin criticized the Philadelphia Phillies for not taking chances with their payroll and running their sports franchise like a "department store." After a 3-9 start to the team's 2007 season, Eskin had a publicized confrontation with manager Charlie Manuel, implying that he was not tough enough on his players and goading him into yelling and threatening Eskin in the press room, Manuel's office, and in the Phillies' clubhouse.
Eskin often touts his affinity for a wardrobe that includes expensive jewelry and clothing, particularly fur coats for Philadelphia Eagles home games. In his "honor", "Philadelphia Daily News" writers dubbed Eskin "The King of Bling,". Eskin sold a bobblehead doll of him wearing a fur coat, with the proceeds going to charity, in 2004 and 2005, which raised 75,000 dollars for charity. The first 100 dolls in the 2005 version came with a special small diamond chip in his "bling" necklace.
He has sponsored numerous charity and fund-raising events off-the-air to benefit a particular humanitarian cause throughout the years, most recently for victims of Hurricane Katrina. On the air, he has advocated for issues such as public smoking bans and medical tort reform.
The show.
Though Eskin regularly initiates calls with comments such as "never had a bad day in my life" or "another day in paradise", he is known to be short-tempered and easily angered on his radio show if a particular caller does not agree with his viewpoints. He frequently refers to a caller as a "genius" or "chief" (both sarcastically), a "dope", an "idiot", a "nitwit", a "creep" or a "moron".
He is known to ask female callers about preparing dinner or washing the laundry and he calls obviously black callers "dawg" while sarcastically closing those conversations with the urban vernacular "holla". In addition, Italian callers are often addressed as "cuzz" and Dallas Cowboys' fans are termed "cock-a-roaches". Howard at times will tell callers if they are worried about their team, "If you're scared, get a dog."
Derisively, he baits Pittsburgh Steelers fans by pronouncing them as ""Stiller"" fans and stereotypes them as IronCity beer drinkers, smokers, and generally of a low-class demeanor while disdainfully criticizing their winning accomplishments.
Eskin's years of infamy in the Philadelphia sports scene allow him to frequently have special guest athletes or other sports figures on his program, with memorable interactions with Charles Barkley, Freddie Mitchell, Terrell Owens, Lenny Dykstra, Andre Iguodala, Bernard Hopkins and Cole Hamels.
Eskin also has more of an affinity towards sports gambling than other co-hosts. On Friday afternoons during football season, he often has a "handicapping expert" on as a guest. In addition, he is the self-proclaimed "King of Monday Night" due to his successful track record in picking Monday Night Football games correctly. When his time slot was Monday evenings, he would often tease and mock his callers waiting for him to announce his Monday Night pick, calling them "degenerates".
Eskin's nickname, "King", was given to him by Pete Rose.
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia [http://broadcastpioneers.com] inducted Eskin into their Hall of Fame in 2011.
Howard's son Brett "Spike" Eskin was a radio DJ on Philadelphia station WYSP., which became the FM home of WIP on September 2, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2852678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852678" title="Muscat">
Muscat

Muscat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852684" title="Gerard Kennedy (actor)">
Gerard Kennedy (actor)

Gerard Kennedy (born 8 March 1932) is an Australian actor and two-time Gold Logie winner. He is best known having portrayed six different characters in guest appearances in Crawford Productions series "Homicide", all in 1966. He then shot to fame as the antagonist in Australian television spy drama "Hunter", becoming so popular that his character changed sides, eventually becoming the main character after lead actor Tony Ward left the series. Kennedy won a TV Week Logie Award for 'Best New Talent' for his portrayal of the character. Kennedy followed this with a starring role in police procedural television series, "Division 4", winning multiple Logie Awards - including two Gold Logies as most popular personality on Australian TV - for his work in the series. He has consistently acted in Australian television and film productions since that time.
Television.
Later regular television series roles included "Bellbird" in 1977, the miniseries "Against the Wind" in 1978, "Skyways" in 1979–1981, and "The Flying Doctors" between 1986-1989 (non-consecutive episodes). Guest TV roles include appearances in "Carson's Law", "Prisoner", "A Country Practice", "Blue Heelers", and "Neighbours".
Films.
Film roles include: "Eliza Fraser" (1976), "Raw Deal" (1977), "The Mango Tree" (1977), "Newsfront" (1978), "The Irishman" (1978), "The Last of the Knucklemen" (1979), "Fatty Finn" (1980), "The Plains of Heaven" (1982), "The Lighthorsemen" (1987), "Running from the Guns" (1987), "Garbo" (1992), "Body Melt" (1993), "Ebbtide" (1994), "The Inner Sanctuary" (1996), "Plains Empty" (2005), and "Lucky Miles" (2007).
Current roles - 2000's.
Kennedy's more recent appearances have returned him to his villainous roots, including "City Homicide", and portraying Graham "The Munster" Kinniburgh in "Underbelly" and in Fat Tony & Co..

</doc>
<doc id="2852688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852688" title="Triethyl phosphate">
Triethyl phosphate

Triethyl phosphate is a chemical compound with the formula (C2H5)3PO4. It is a colorless liquid. It is the triester of ethanol and phosphoric acid and can be called "phosphoric acid, triethyl ester".
Its primary uses are as an industrial catalyst (in acetic anhydride synthesis), a polymer resin modifier, and a plasticizer (e.g. for unsaturated polyesters). In smaller scale it is used as a solvent for e.g. cellulose acetate, flame retardant, an intermediate for pesticides and other chemicals, stabilizer for peroxides, a strength agent for rubber and plastic including vinyl polymers and unsaturated polyesters, etc.
Triethyl phosphate is also a common intermediate in the manufacture of pesticides.
History.
It was studied for the first time by French chemist Jean Louis Lassaigne in the early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2852690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852690" title="Memphis (disambiguation)">
Memphis (disambiguation)

Memphis, Tennessee, is Tennessee's largest city.
Memphis may also refer to:
Places.
"In the United States:"

</doc>
<doc id="2852700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852700" title="Trimethyl phosphate">
Trimethyl phosphate

Trimethyl phosphate is the trimethyl ester of phosphoric acid. It is a colourless, nonvolatile liquid. It has some specialized uses in the production of other compounds.
Production.
Trimethyl phosphate is prepared by treating phosphorus oxychloride with methanol in the presence of an amine base:
It is a tetrahedral molecule that is a weakly polar solvent.
Applications.
Trimethyl phosphate is a mild methylating agent, useful for dimethylation of anilines and related heterocyclic compounds. The method is complementary to the traditional Eschweiler-Clarke reaction in cases where formaldehyde engages in side reactions.
Trimethyl phosphate is used as a solvent for aromatic halogenations and nitrations as required for the preparation of pesticides and pharmaceuticals.
Other applications.
It is used as a color inhibitor for fibers (e.g. polyester) and other polymers.
Safety considerations.
With an LD50 of 2g/kg for rats, trimethylphosphate is expected to have low acute toxicity.

</doc>
<doc id="2852710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852710" title="WMSTR">
WMSTR

WMSTR, or the Western Minnesota Steam Threshers Reunion, is an annual, non-profit "steam meet" held in the small town of Rollag, Minnesota. It takes place over the weekend of the US Labor Day holiday (first Monday in September), and draws around 80,000 visitors during the four days of the event. 
Beginning in 1954, the reunion has grown from a few farmers threshing grain, as their fathers had, to one of the largest steam venues in the nation. Antique and steam tractors and automobiles are featured heavily.
Attractions.
WMSTR is a living museum and as such, all exhibits are expected to be operable. 
One of the most popular, visible, and amazing attractions is the SOO LINE 0-6-0 class switch engine #353 which pulls a 500 passenger train around the show grounds. Also present is a miniature train, two full-size steam-operated sawmills, the larger called the Briden-Roen Sawmill after its builders and the smaller mill called Earl's Mill. Other main attractions include the steam hammer, the giant Snow Engine, which has an approximately 24 foot flywheel, and an area very popular with children, Miniatureland, which holds several hand-built miniature steam tractors and its own miniature sawmill that saws walking sticks for all the visitors who would like one. On the WMSTR grounds, there are several areas devoted to different types of machinery. There are gas engine buildings, a horsepower area, a construction area, and an expo ground. Several hundred tractors are put on display by the workers. In about the last decade, the Main Street area has grown as an attraction for many of those more interested in the everyday aspects of the past. Main Street has many buildings and demonstrations showing what daily life was like in times past. 
Common names.
To most locals, the reunion is known by several names. "Rollag", "Steamer Hill", "WMSTR" or simply "The Hill."
Gunderson Pond.
Gunderson Pond is the pond located in the center of the grounds. It also has its own "Pond Monster," a likeness of the Loch Ness Monster floating in the middle of the pond.
Steamer Hill.
Every day during the Reunion, at 10am and 2pm, Steamer Hill hosts a parade consisting of all sorts of machinery, from old cars to the giant steam-powered tractors.

</doc>
<doc id="2852714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852714" title="Indy Lights">
Indy Lights

Indy Lights is a developmental automobile racing series sanctioned by IndyCar, formerly known as Firestone Indy Lights for sponsorship reasons. Previously, another series named Indy Lights filled the same role for CART and ran from 1986 to 1993 as the American Racing Series and Dayton Indy Lights from 1991 to 2001. The IndyCar sanctioned current series was founded in 2002 as the Infiniti Pro Series as a way to introduce new talent to IndyCar and coincided with Infiniti's departure from IndyCar's premier IndyCar Series.
Early origins.
During the early 1960s, open wheel cars were front engined roadsters. The primary ladder series included sprints and midgets. By the end of the decade, and into the 1970s, the cars evolved into rear-engine formula-style machines. Likewise, the feeder series began to follow the same mold. When USAC became the primary sanctioning body for top-level Indy car racing, the ladder of progression began to change. 
The SCCA Super Vee and Formula Atlantic series were among the first formula-based ladder series. However, neither had any direct tie to USAC. In 1977, USAC started the "Mini-Indy" series, using Super Vee machines. The series ended after 1980 when USAC stopped sanctioning Indy car races outside of Indianapolis.
Following the end of the "Mini Indy" series, the driver pool in the early 1980s to CART and the Indy 500 was drawn in a largely unorganized fashion amongst Super Vees, Atlantics, SCCA, former Can-Am drivers, sprints, midgets, and even stock cars.
Original series (1986 to 2001).
After a void of an official ladder series for over five years, CART decided to take the effort in-house. The original Indy Lights series was formed as an open-wheeled racing series that acted as a developmental circuit for CART from 1986 to 2001. It was founded in 1986 as the "American Racing Series" (ARS). The series was renamed "Indy Lights" in 1991. The CART-sanctioned series became widely popular and secured the title sponsorship of the first Firestone tire supplier, then Firestone's subsidiary Dayton Tires.
The Indy Lights schedule closely followed that of the CART series, with the noteworthy exception of Indianapolis. The series typically had a gap of up to a month while the primary CART teams raced at the Indy 500. The races were usually held the morning of the CART series races, as an undercard, support event. In early years, the Indy Lights series skipped superspeedway races such as Michigan, but eventually found its way to race there.
By the late 1990s and early 2000s, CART was suffering from financial problems. Meanwhile in 1996, the rival Indy Racing League was formed. CART canceled the minor league outright after the 2001 season. By this time, the Toyota Atlantic series was equally effective in providing CART with new drivers. In addition, the Atlantics served as a springboard for such drivers as Greg Ray, Sam Hornish, Jr. and Richie Hearn to enter the IRL. The Atlantics effectively became CART's primary feeder system, and later became Champ Car World Series' official in-house feeder championship for a time.
The ARS/Indy Lights series' championship winners included two CART champions, two IndyCar Series champions, seven CCWS race-winners and two Formula One drivers.
A spec-series, CART Indy Lights used March chassis (essentially a modified 85B Formula 3000 chassis, renamed to Wildcat) from 1986 to 1992. Lola provided chassis from 1993 to 2001. Buick V6 engines were used for its entire existence.
Around the same time period, an unrelated minor-league open wheel series, the American Indycar Series was also founded, using older CART chassis.
Current series (2002 to present).
The current series was founded by the Indy Racing League and began racing in 2002, the year after the original series' demise. Prior to the series' inception, the Indy Racing League had no in-house developmental league. It is a spec series using a TWR (Tom Walkinshaw Racing) developed 3.5L version of the V8 engine used in the Infiniti Q45 combined with Dallara chassis producing . The series initially struggled to attract drivers and some races have had fewer than 10 entrants. However, with the introduction of a number of road-course races to the schedule in 2005, many of America's top prospects like Marco Andretti and Phil Giebler were attracted to the series to run part-time schedules on road courses. In 2006, a boost in prize money even further increased car counts to 16 or more, with an even six oval and six road course mix. The selected races being double races, and a stand-alone race (independent of the IndyCar Series) were scheduled on the USGP weekend.
The series was called the "Menards Infiniti Pro Series" (MIPS) until 2006 when both Menards and Nissan dropped their sponsorship of the series. It was then known as the "Indy Pro Series". 2007 car counts improved further with 20 or more cars in every race. On March 26, 2008, the series announced a changing of names. The historical records and proprietary information of Champ Car were acquired by the IRL. The series then became known as "Firestone Indy Lights". The name reflects the heritage of the original Indy Lights series, which has been merged into the current series' official history.
The centerpiece of the Indy Lights schedule is the Firestone Freedom 100, contested at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on the Friday prior to the Indianapolis 500. The series also held a support race for the U.S. Grand Prix, the Liberty Challenge, from 2005 to 2007. It was the series' only event that was not a support race to an IndyCar event.
On September 9, 2007, during the Chicagoland 100, Logan Gomez beat Alex Lloyd by 0.0005 seconds (approximately at 188 mph) which reflects the closest recognized finish in the over century-long history of organized automobile racing throughout the world. In 2008, the margin was established by the "Guinness Book of World Records" as the closest finish ever in a car race.
On May 24, 2013, Peter Dempsey captured his first Indy Lights win in the Freedom 100 in the closest finish in Indianapolis Motor Speedway history (0.0026 secs) in a four-wide finish.
In June 2013, it was announced that the series would be promoted by Andersen Promotions beginning in 2014. INDYCAR sanctioning will remain. In August it was announced that Cooper Tire would replace Firestone as the official tire of the series in 2014. The result being that all three levels of the Road to Indy leading up to the IndyCar Series will be promoted by Andersen and feature Cooper tires, beginning in 2014. The Andersen team is implementing a number of cost-reducing updates to the chassis and engine package in 2014 and will be introducing a new chassis and engine combination in 2015. On October 31, 2013, the series announced that Dallara would be the manufacturer of the fourth-generation Indy Lights chassis and it would be named the Dallara IL-15. On November 1, 2013 a new logo was unveiled for the Indy Lights series On November 26 it was announced that the engine for the new package would be a 2.0L turbocharged AER P07 four cylinder engine, tuned to last a full season of competition and producing 450 horsepower, with push-to-pass offering an additional 50 horsepower.
Champions.
Indy Lights.
1 The unbadged engine is based on the Nissan VH engine.
Drivers.
Current drivers.
The following drivers have signed to compete in the 2014 Indy Lights season:
Indy Lights Graduates who have competed in the IndyCar Series.
a denotes driver who has won an IndyCar Series event.<br>
b denotes driver who has won an IndyCar Series championship.<br>
c denotes driver who has won an Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="2852715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852715" title="Gatun structure">
Gatun structure

The Gatun structure is a possible eroded impact crater. It is named after the nearby Gatun Lake in Panama. It was first discovered in 1972 by geologist Bob Stewart and later studied by Livio L. Tornabene from the University of South Florida Department of Geology.
The structure is estimated to have formed about 20 million years ago. This would place the event in the Miocene epoch. Despite the considerable erosion, it was possible to estimate the original diameter to have been 2.7 to 3 km, assuming the impact hypothesis is correct.
Although diagnostic evidence of impact has not been reported, evidence favoring an impact origin include the recovery of possible impact glass at the site. Alternatively, the site may be of volcanic origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2852718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852718" title="Virginia State Route 3">
Virginia State Route 3

State Route 3 is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia that extends from the town of Culpeper south and eastwardly to Gloucester in Virginia's Middle Peninsula region. For many years, a portion was named "Historyland Highway".
Route description.
Gloucester County.
Route 3 begins as the John Clayton Memorial Highway in Gloucester, sharing the highway with State Route 14.
Mathews County.
After entering Mathews County, Virginia, Route 3 takes a left onto Windsor Road and then a Right on Dutton Road. After that, it takes a left and crosses the Piankatank River.
Middlesex County.
After crossing the Piankatank River, goes through Hartfield and Greys Point, and then crosses the Rappahannock River on the Robert O. Norris Bridge.
Lancaster County.
Route 3 is called Mary Ball Road in Lancaster County, named after George Washington's mother Mary Ball Washington, who was born there.
Richmond County.
In Richmond County, Route 3 splits into a business route and a bypass in Warsaw. The business route is concurrent with US 360 going through the town. After leaving the town, it narrows into two lanes.
Westmoreland County.
Route 3 is a Scenic Byway between Montross and Oak Grove. It passes by Westmoreland State Park and the George Washington Birthplace National Monument.
King George County.
The King George County segment of State Route 3 is known as "King's Highway" throughout the county. It traverses the county boundaries in a fairly east–west direction, starting at the King George County-Westmoreland County boundary line. It extends westward, crossing U.S. Route 301 and widening back to four lanes as it continues towards Stafford County and the city of Fredericksburg.
Kings Highway is also the main access road to Interstate 95 through Fredericksburg for King George County.
A large portion of the King George County Administration is situated on Kings Highway. The county courthouse, county seat, Sheriff's office, the offices of the Board of Supervisors and School Board are located at State Route 3 through King George County.
Stafford County.
Route 3 enters the county after passing over Muddy Creek. In Stafford County, Route 3 is called "Kings Highway". It passes by Ferry Farm, the boyhood home of George Washington.
City of Fredericksburg.
Route 3 splits into a business route and a bypass while going through Fredericksburg. The bypass is called the Blue and Gray Parkway. The business route follows William Street. Both routes enter the city by passing over the Rappahannock River, although on different bridges. They rejoin as William Street just before the U.S. 1 interchange. The street name changes to Plank Road somewhere between Route 1 and Interstate 95.
Spotsylvania County.
Route 3 is known as Plank Road in Spotsylvania County. It's a divided highway of at least four lanes, sometimes six and eight, for the duration of this segment. The Spotsylvania Mall and large Central Park regional shopping center next to it, are located at the junction with Interstate 95. It is the most heavily traveled portion of Route 3.
Orange County.
SR 3 slightly goes through Orange County. When entering westbound the highway intersects VA 20 at Wilderness.
Culpeper County.
Route 3 is known as Germanna Highway in Culpeper County, after an early colonial community of German ironworkers.
Town of Culpeper.
Route 3 enters the town of Culpeper after crossing over the U.S. Route 15/U.S. Route 29 bypass of the city. It ends at U.S. Route 15 Business at an intersection with Orange Road.
History.
State Route 7 was defined as part of the original 1918 state highway system from Winchester southeast via Front Royal, and Culpeper to Fredericksburg, and then along the Northern Neck via Warsaw to Reedville. This is now approximated by U.S. Route 522, State Route 3, and U.S. Route 360.
In late 1921, the State Highway Commission looked at possible routes between Winchester and Front Royal, specifically via Middletown to Cedarville and via Boyce, White Post, Stone Bridge, and Rockland to Cedarville, and decided on the direct route via Double Toll Gate.
SR 7 at first ran from Montross via Templeman to Warsaw and then east via Heathsville to Reedville. By late 1922, a branch northwest from Callao via Hague to Templeman was added and assigned the State Route 7-X designation.
In the 1923 renumbering, SR 7 became State Route 37 (and SR 7-X became State Route 371). By the end of that year, SR 37's east end was moved from Reedville to Westland, and the old road between Warsaw and Reedville became part of SR 371.

</doc>
<doc id="2852719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852719" title="KSEG (FM)">
KSEG (FM)

KSEG (96.9 FM, "The Eagle") is a classic rock station based in Sacramento, California. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 96.9 MHz with an ERP of 50 kW. Its studios are located in North Highlands (with a Sacramento address) and its transmitter is near North Sacramento, just outside city limits.
History.
KSEG has been programming this format since November 12, 1990, when it flipped from a Rhythmic Contemporary format when it was KROY. They also serve as the complementary sister station to ESPN Radio affiliate KCTC, Active Rock KRXQ, Adult Top 40 KBZC, Modern rock KKDO, and Top 40 Mainstream KDND. KSEG airs a local lineup as well as the House of Blues Radio Hour with Elwood Blues. 96.9 The Eagle can also be found on iTunes Radio.
KSEG-HD2.
KSEG's HD2 subcarrier offers a Blues format.

</doc>
<doc id="2852734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852734" title="Tales DS">
Tales DS

Tales DS may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2852737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852737" title="Curnonsky">
Curnonsky

Maurice Edmond Sailland (October 12, 1872, Angers, France – July 22, 1956, Paris), better known by his pen-name Curnonsky (nicknamed 'Cur'), and dubbed the Prince of Gastronomy, was the most celebrated writer on gastronomy in France in the 20th century. He wrote or ghost-wrote over 65 books and enormous numbers of newspaper columns. He is often considered the inventor of gastronomic motor-tourism as popularized by Michelin, though he himself could not drive. He was a student of Henri-Paul Pellaprat.
Name.
The name "Curnonsky" comes from the Latin "cur" + "non" "why not?" plus the Russian suffix "-sky", as all things Russian were in vogue in 1895, when he coined it. He once said that this nickname was "my tunic of Nessus, as I am neither Russian, nor Polish, nor Jewish, nor Ukrainian, but just an average Frenchman and wine-guy ".
He was often called the prince-elect of gastronomy (Prince-élu de la Gastronomie) or of gastronomes, and he had in fact been duly elected in a poll of 3,000 chefs held by Paris-Soir in 1927. There was at the time a series of 'Princes', including André de Lorde, the Prince of Terror, and so on.
Philosophy.
A celebrated aphorism of Curnonsky's was:
He advocated simple food over complicated, rustic over refined, and often repeated the phrase
which was probably due to Escoffier.
Chronology.
Curnonsky was a ghostwriter for 'Willy', Colette's husband.
According to his biographer Arbellot, he coined the name Bibendum for the Michelin Man in 1907—because "Michelin tires drink ["i.e." 'soak up' or 'eat up'] everything, even obstacles"—, and wrote Michelin's weekly column "Les Lundis de Michelin" in Le Journal starting on November 25, 1907. It was originally signed "Michelin" but starting on March 2, 1908, it was signed "Bibendum". Michelin had used the phrase "Nunc est bibendum" ("Cheers!" in Latin) on a poster in 1898, showing the Michelin Man swallowing a glass full of nails, but it is unclear when the word "Bibendum" became applied to this character.
In 1921, he started the publication of "La France Gastronomique" with Marcel Rouff.
He was named a knight of the Légion d'Honneur in 1929, and promoted to officer in 1938.
In 1930, he co-founded the Académie des gastronomes, modelled on the Académie Française, and served as its first president, until 1949. In 1947, he started the magazine "Cuisine et Vins de France" along with Madeleine Decure. In 1950, he was a co-founder of the Confrérie de la Chaîne des Rôtisseurs.
To honor his eightieth birthday, eighty restaurants marked his favorite table with a copper plaque reading:
Cette place est celle<br>
de Maurice Edmond Sailland-Curnonsky<br>
Prince élu des gastronomes<br>
Défenseur et illustrateur de la Cuisine française<br>
Hôte d'honneur de cette maison
This led to the legend that eighty restaurants reserved a table for him every night in case he should show up, though by that point, he rarely went out at all.
Curnonsky died by falling out of the window of his apartment. He was dieting at the time, and hence it was speculated that he had fainted.
Partial bibliography.
In 2003, German art historian Inge Huber discovered five boxes with letters of Curnonsky, and authored a biography "Curnonsky. Oder das Geheimnis des Maurice-Edmond Sailland" 2010, Rolf Heyne Editor.

</doc>
<doc id="2852742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852742" title="Bomberman Story DS">
Bomberman Story DS

Story.
Bomberman is a special agent, hired by "The Justice Department" to retrieve some stolen scientific data. It was later discovered that Professor Xeal and "The Lords of the Galaxy" were involved in the loss of this data, and so Bomberman begins his latest journey.
Multiplayer.
The game allows connecting to other Bomberman games in multiplayer mode. The Japanese version of the game contained the "Battle Pack 1" version of the traditional Battle Mode, which allowed connecting to Bomberman Land Touch! The European version doubled in ROM size (from 64 to 128MB) and was updated with "Battle Pack 2," which allowed connecting to the newer Bomberman Land Touch! 2 and Bomberman 2. Rising Star's web site still mistakenly states that Bomberman Story DS players can connect with Bomberman Land Touch!.
Rising Star's site also states that Bomberman Story DS can utilize the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection for up to 8 players, although in the game WiFi is only for up to 4 players, as with Bomberman Land Touch!.

</doc>
<doc id="2852750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852750" title="Batavia">
Batavia

Batavia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852751" title="Augustine (disambiguation)">
Augustine (disambiguation)

Augustine or Augustin is a given name. In Spanish it loses the 'u' as Agustín. 
The may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852761" title="Whitney disk">
Whitney disk

In mathematics, given two submanifolds "A" and "B" of a manifold "X" intersecting in two points "p" and "q", a Whitney disc is a mapping from the two-dimensional disc "D", with two marked points, to "X", such that the two marked points go to "p" and "q", one boundary arc of "D" goes to "A" and the other to "B".
Their existence and embeddedness is crucial in proving the cobordism theorem, where it is used to cancel the intersection points; and its failure in low dimensions corresponds to not being able to embed a Whitney disc. Casson handles are an important technical tool for constructing the embedded Whitney disc relevant to many results on topological four-manifolds. 
Pseudoholomorphic Whitney discs are counted by the differential in Lagrangian intersection Floer homology.

</doc>
<doc id="2852763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852763" title="Anbe Sivam">
Anbe Sivam

Anbe Sivam () is a 2003 Tamil drama film written by Kamal Haasan and directed by Sundar C. The film follows the events of an unexpected journey from Bhubaneswar to Chennai which is undertaken by two men who are polar opposites, portrayed by Kamal Haasan and R. Madhavan. Kiran Rathod, Nassar and Santhana Bharathi also feature in the film, while Vidyasagar and Arthur A. Wilson handled the music score and cinematography respectively.The film is inspired from Hollywood movie "Planes, Trains and Automobiles".
The film addressed a series of themes including that of communism, atheism and altruism, bringing through the film writer Kamal Haasan's views as a humanist. The film released in January 2003 to critical acclaim, though became a box office failure. Post-release, the film has garnered "cult classic" status from critics and television audience.
Plot.
The film begins with ad filmmaker Anbarasu (R. Madhavan), who prefers the much-abbreviated A. Aras rather than his full name, arriving at the Bhubaneswar Airport in Odisha, India. He is about to board a flight back to Chennai for his wedding. However, he learns at the airport that his flight has been cancelled. While waiting for further announcements, Aras watches the television news about a terrorist threat at an airport in Mumbai. Remarking to himself that the country is going to the dogs, he looks around and sees a bespectacled man with scars taking out something rolled up in a newspaper from his bag. Pictures of a pipe bomb shown among the items seized by the Mumbai police flash through his mind. He informs the authorities, only to learn that the man was simply taking out a cucumber.
The man, who is physically challenged, is Nallasivam (Kamal Haasan). Nalla introduces himself to Aras, and they get to know each other. However, Aras underestimates Nalla, ignoring his sage advice and friendly overtures, resulting in some comical events in the airport. Then, announcements are made that all flights have been canceled due to the inclement weather and Aras realizes he needs a room in a nearby hotel for the night. He is informed, much to his consternation, that the five-star hotel where he was staying before is now fully booked, leaving him optionless. Nallasivam helps him find a place in a two-star hotel nearby, where Nalla and Aras are forced to share the same room. Aras' resentment of Nalla makes him act selfishly in trying to get rid of Nalla; at every juncture, Nalla does him a favor which leaves Aras with a guilt-ridden heart. The next morning, Aras takes a taxi without waking Nalla to find his own way to Chennai. Aras realizes that the floods have blocked most of the roads and even the train station is flooded. He gets mugged by a man at the station who offers to help him with his luggage but instead steals all his money. Nalla comes to the station and helps Aras regain the wallet, sans the money. It is then revealed that Nalla is a trade unionist and is traveling with a cheque worth Rs. 3 million to be delivered to some people after fighting a court case for union workers. The comical situations continue as the pair make it to another railway station in a bus. While awaiting their train, Nalla begins to tell Aras his story, but a tired Aras falls asleep and later walks away halfway through the story.
The film then flashes back to a few years in the past when a perfectly good-looking Nalla performs in street theatres protesting against the industrialization process which is marginalizing the labor force. He often gets into trouble due to this. Nalla is also a very talented painter. He is fighting mainly against the town's biggest business tycoon, the manipulative Kandasamy Padayachi (Nassar), whom he satirically imitates in many of his shows. However, an interesting turn of events sees Nalla and Kandasamy's daughter Bala (Kiran Rathod) fall in love with each other. Realizing Kandasamy's power would be too much to bear if they want to get together, Nalla and Bala decide to elope. While Nalla is on a bus on his way to meet Bala, the bus is in a terrible accident on a hillside which leaves him badly injured. Despite surgery, he is left partially paralyzed and badly scarred. Kandasamy informs his daughter Bala that Nalla is dead. It is also at this time that Nalla becomes a firm believer in kindness and love and, while suffering from an inferiority complex due to his scarred and paralyzed body, nevertheless engages with renewed fervour in performing community service and social work while continuing to fight for union causes.
The film then returns to the present, as Aras and Nalla prepare to board the train they have been waiting for. But as the train arrives, they get into an argument about communism, Karl Marx, and so on. Nalla accuses Aras of being an agent for the West and of being manipulated, while Aras defends himself and criticises communism as a whole, concluding that the Soviet Union doesn't exist anymore. Nalla argues that the idea of communism wouldn't die because the Soviet Union has broken up, just as people wouldn't stop loving if the Taj Mahal got destroyed. The argument turns heated, causing a short-tempered Aras to punch Nalla. After initially looking calm, Nalla punches Aras back even harder, causing Aras to bleed. Pretending to cool down and make up, Aras deceives Nalla into getting some bottled water for him and locks the train door, leaving Nalla stranded as the train leaves without him.
On the train, Aras meets a well-dressed corporate-type individual, Uthaman (Yugi Sethu), who seems to share the same interests as Aras. Uthaman asks Aras to throw away a pack of biscuits Nalla gave to Aras due to the risk of it being doctored and offers him whiskey. When Aras wakes up the next day, he learns from the conductor that he has been conned and that his fellow passenger man was a thief who stole all of his belongings. The train comes to a halt because a previous train has had an accident and it has to be cleared up first. There, Aras witnesses a slew of dead bodies and suffering people, causing him to suffer emotionally. To his surprise, he meets Nalla again at the treatment camp nearby. He apologizes to Nalla, who forgives him. Nalla proposes that he donate blood to a dying boy in need of AB blood, while Aras mentions that he is bloodsick. Nalla convinces him, and Aras donates. Aras also retrieves his belongings as he finds that the thief is around the camp. Nalla proposes that Aras travel with him in an ambulance which will be carrying the injured boy on its way to Chennai.
While on the journey the boy passes away causing Aras to cry. He calls God 'unjust' for giving the boy hope in the form of Aras' blood and then taking away his life. Nalla, who is an atheist, tells Aras that Aras himself is God, that the sadness he feels and the tears he sheds for the boy makes him God. Aras comes to terms with using his full name Anbarasu, a name he previously despised because he apparently doesn't like 'anbu' (love). On reaching Chennai, they go their separate ways, but Aras realizes that Nalla's union cheque is still with him and returns to the address Nalla had given him.
He realizes that Nalla had lied to him previously when he said that he had a wife and a son named 'Sangu'. The address is a place where injured labourers from Odisha camp while waiting for their legal funds (the money fought for and being brought to them by Nalla) and that 'Sangu' is the name of Nalla's dog, which incidentally had caused Nalla's accident. After giving the cheque to the office, he goes to the nearby shop to meet Nalla and scolds him for not telling him the truth. He asks Nalla to come with him for his marriage, but Nalla says he will 'come later'. In an emotional moment, Aras recounts the story of how his brother died from a freak accident when he was young (a story he had told Nalla before). He says that Nalla is his new-found brother and should stay with him as long as life permits. A clearly emotional Nalla accepts the invitation.
At the marriage, Nalla realizes that the girl Aras is about to marry is Bala. He takes this opportunity to appear in front of Kandasamy and threaten that he will stay on and make Bala realize what a cheat her father is unless Kandasamy signs all related documents for pay increment and bonuses for his company's labourers. Sacrificing himself for the workers, Nalla leaves after Kandasamy signs, leaving behind a letter for his 'brother' that he has missions to complete in this world, and that he'd rather travel as a free bird than be caged and tied to one place. He thanks Aras for the love and affection he has shown. Kandasamy meanwhile orders his assistant (Santhana Bharathi) to kill Nalla. As Nalla walks away, the assistant approaches him from behind. Hearing Sangu bark, Nalla turns around and sees his would-be assailant with a sickle in his hand. Requesting him not to hurt Sangu, who is barking and growling, he tells the assistant that he cannot fight like he used to and is ready to accept death. The assistant drops his weapon, weeps, and apologizes to Nalla. He tells Nalla that because he did all the dirty work for his boss, God has punished him by taking away his beloved daughter. He tells Nalla that he has read Nalla's letter to Aras. He also states that he has sinned much and doesn't want to commit any more sins on behalf of his boss. He asks Nalla to leave and that God will protect Nalla. Nalla refutes, saying that the assistant himself is God. He says that there is no greater God than the person who comes with the intent to kill but instead apologizes to the person he aimed to kill.
The film ends with Nalla walking away in the monsoon rains with his dog, Sangu.
Production.
After finishing a script, Kamal Haasan approached Priyadarshan to direct the film in early 2002. The pair had been looking out for a storyline to work together since the late 1990s and Priyadarshan felt that Kamal Haasan's script had great value to be an 'emotional love story'. R. Madhavan was added to the cast in January 2002 and revealed his elation at working with the pair, while noting that a human drama film like "Anbe Sivam" was important for his career as an actor as it came after a successful masala film, "Run". Cartoonist Madhan wrote the film's dialogues as Kamal Haasan continued writing the script, revealing that it would be a road film between two polar opposite characters. Kamal Haasan went to Los Angeles to test and select prosthetic make up for the film and was notably detained at a Toronto airport security centre in April 2002. Pre-production work commenced soon after but a difference of opinion between the director and the actor mean that Priyadarshan opted out of the project in June 2002. The director had wanted to work with Kamal Haasan in a bigger project than the current venture and instead began preliminary work on another film with Kamal Haasan on the caste system in India. Following this sudden setback which led to the whole crew being put off their schedule, the producers selected Sundar C. to direct the venture and filming started in July 2002. Kiran Rathod was selected to portray the leading female role, while Uma Riyaz Khan was also signed on to play a role and described the film as her "magnum opus".
The first scene the team shot was at a railway station in Pollachi with actor R. S. Shivaji, portraying a station master, joining the lead actors. Kamal Haasan and Madhavan interacted closely during the initial stages of the shoot in order to ensure that the on-screen chemistry between the pair was apparent. The film was shot on a restricted budget, with only the train disaster scenes involving the use of extensive art direction. The team also shot in relatively empty locations meaning that the time allotted for shooting was flexible, with one day being cancelled due to dialogues not being ready. Further schedules were held in Chennai, Visakhapatnam and on the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border. Post-filming, Kamal Haasan revealed that he was impressed with Madhavan's enthusiasm and concentration during the making of the film and thus subsequently signed him on to appear in his production venture, "Nala Damayanthi" (2003).
Release.
The film was released on 14 January 2003 coinciding with the Thai Pongal festival and opened alongside five other films at the box office, including the Vikram-starrer "Dhool" and the Vijay-starrer "Vaseegara". "Anbe Sivam" won primarily positive reviews from reviewers. The Hindu praised the film, noting that "well-defined characters, a strong storyline and intelligent screenplay are the other vital ingredients of Anbe Sivam". The critic revealed "Kamal Haasan's diligence that has gone into the chiselling of the story and screenplay is only too evident", while calling the film a "milestone" A reviewer from Bizhat.com noted "with a perfect script, screenplay, direction and music, 'Anbe Sivam' is sure to take its viewers for a roller coaster ride of all ages". Another critic also added "the wonderfully acted movie manages to be both touching and entertaining, while conveying a strong social message", adding it is a "movie that is difficult to pigeonhole into a genre". A reviewer from Sify.com, in comparison, labelled the film as "average" and noted that "despite the good performances the outcome is still stressful on the nerves." Similarly a reviewer from Rediff.com praised the film's lead performances but wrote the film "suffers from the disease of excess" and "tries to do too much".
The Telugu dubbed version of the film, "Satyame Sivam", was released on 28 February 2003 to positive reviews, with a critic claiming "this film is strictly for the elite audience who does not mind having a look at the philosophical films" adding that the "story of the film is just wonderful". The producers of the film sold the Hindi dubbing rights at a low price and the film was released as "Shivam" in Hindi in 2005, much to irking of the lead actors.
The film did not perform well commercially and lost the producers significant investment. An estimated Rs 6.5-crore loss was made through the film by Lakshmi Movie Makers, effectively stopping the production house from investing in other ventures during the period. Director Sundar C also revealed that the failure of the film meant that he went unpaid for his work, and producers were unwilling to fund his other ventures. It was later screened at the 2003 International Film Festival of India.
Legacy.
Post-release the film has garnered critical acclaim from belated critics and television audiences and is considered as one of the "cult classics" of Tamil cinema. The film's DVD also sold well and was made widely available in North India, earning the film more critical acclaim. Film critic Baradwaj Rangan wrote that the film "was leagues ahead of the average Tamil and Indian film", though felt that "the masses were unwilling to accept the experimental nature of the film", while talking about the film's box office failure. During his acceptance speech after winning the Vijay Award for Best Director in 2010 for "Naan Kadavul" (2009), director Bala revealed that a scene in "Anbe Sivam" had inspired him to make his film, referring to a scene where Kamal Haasan states to Madhavan that "when we love others unconditionally without any expectation, we become Gods".
In September 2013, producer V. Swaminathan announced his plans of digitally converting the film and re-releasing it to cash in on the post-release cult classic status.
Soundtrack.
The music for the film was composed by Vidyasagar, while lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. The titular song was initially written to be sung in a third person tone and thus Kamal Haasan was reluctant to do perform the track to avoid his character being reflected in the song. Subsequently after being convinced by Vidyasagar, he agreed to render the version.

</doc>
<doc id="2852767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852767" title="Wajah">
Wajah

Wajah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852768" title="DC-SIGN">
DC-SIGN

DC-SIGN (Dendritic Cell-Specific Intercellular adhesion molecule-3-Grabbing Non-integrin) also known as CD209 (Cluster of Differentiation 209) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CD209" gene.
DC-SIGN is a C-type lectin receptor present on the surface of both macrophages and dendritic cells. DC-SIGN on macrophages recognises and binds to mannose type carbohydrates, a class of pathogen associated molecular patterns PAMPs commonly found on viruses, bacteria and fungi. This binding interaction activates phagocytosis. On myeloid and pre-plasmacytoid dendritic cells DC-SIGN mediates dendritic cell rolling interactions with blood endothelium and activation of CD4+ T cells, as well as recognition of pathogen haptens.
Function.
DC-SIGN is a C-type lectin and has a high affinity for the ICAM3 molecule. It binds various microorganisms by recognizing high-mannose-containing glycoproteins on their envelopes and especially functions as receptor for several viruses such as HIV and Hepatitis C. Binding to DC-SIGN can promote HIV and Hepatitis C virus to infect T-cell from dendritic cells. Thus binding to DC-SIGN is an essential process for HIV infection. 
Besides functioning as an adhesion molecule, recent study has also shown that DC-SIGN can initiate innate immunity by modulating toll-like receptors, though the detailed mechanism is not yet known. DC-SIGN together with other C-type lectins is involved in recognition of tumors by dendritic cells. DC-SIGN is also a potential engineering target for dendritic cell based cancer vaccine.
Role in HIV infection.
This molecule is involved in the initial stages of the human immunodeficiency virus infection, as the HIV gp120 molecule causes co-internalization of the DC-SIGN molecule and HIV virus particle (virion). The dendritic cell then migrates to the cognate lymphoid organ, whereupon recycling of the DC-SIGN/HIV virion complex to the cell periphery facilitates HIV infection of CD4+ T cells by interaction between DC-SIGN and ICAM-3.
Gene family.
DC-SIGN/CD209 is an animal "C-lectin", a large and diverse family of proteins found in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes most of which are functional lectins, meaning they bind carbohydrate ligands, and whose ligand-binding affinity requires calcium (hence "C-lectin"). Among the animal C-lectins, a subfamily known as the ASGR (asialoglycoprotein receptors) group contains several sub-sub-families, many of which are important to innate immunity. 
A cluster of genes in both humans and mice contains three related members of the "DC Receptor" class, so named because of their homology to DC-SIGN. Of these, CD23 is, however, not expressed on dendritic cells but is a characteristic surface molecule of B lymphocytes, and LSectin (CLEC4G) is expressed on the sinusoidal endothelium of the liver. The third gene group consists of multiple paralogues of CD209. Thus, both primates and mice have multiple paralogues of CD209 more closely related to each other within the species than to their orthologous counterparts in the other species. Higher primates have at least three DC-SIGN genes, DC-SIGN, DC-SIGNL1 and DC-SIGNL2, although not all three are present in every species; DC-SIGNL2 has not been detected in humans. Eight paralogous of DC-SIGN have been reported in the laboratory mouse strain C57BL/6; these go by the names DC-SIGN,DC-SIGNR2...DC-SIGNR8. DC-SIGNR6 is a pseudogene. The genes labeled "DC-SIGN" in the human and mouse are thus not unique orthologues, although they resemble each other functionally and by being expressed on dendritic cells. Other members of the mouse CD209 gene group are differentially expressed on different cell types. For example, DC-SIGNR1 is expressed largely on macrophages in the marginal zones of the spleen and in the medulla of lymph nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="2852771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852771" title="Idealism (Christian eschatology)">
Idealism (Christian eschatology)

Idealism (also called the spiritual approach, the allegorical approach, the nonliteral approach, and many other names) in Christian eschatology is an interpretation of the Book of Revelation that sees all of the imagery of the book as symbols.
Jacob Taubes writes that idealist eschatology came about as Renaissance thinkers began to doubt that the Kingdom of Heaven had been established on earth, or would be established, but still believed in its establishment. Rather than the Kingdom of Heaven being present in society, it is established subjectively for the individual.
F. D. Maurice interpreted the Kingdom of Heaven idealistically as a symbol representing society's general improvement, instead of a physical and political kingdom. Karl Barth interprets eschatology as representing existential truths that bring the individual hope, rather than history or future-history. Barth's ideas provided fuel for the Social Gospel philosophy in America, which saw social change not as performing "required" good works, but because the individuals involved felt that Christians could not simply ignore society's problems with future dreams.
Different authors have suggested that the Beast represents various social injustices, such as exploitation of workers, wealth, the elite, commerce, materialism, and imperialism. Various Christian anarchists, such as Jacques Ellul, have identified the State and political power as the Beast.
It is distinct from Preterism, Futurism and Historicism in that it does not see any of the prophecies (except in some cases the Second Coming, and Final Judgment) as being fulfilled in a literal, physical, earthly sense either in the past, present or future, and that to interpret the eschatological portions of the Bible in a historical or future-historical fashion is an erroneous understanding.

</doc>
<doc id="2852772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852772" title="Pseudolocalization">
Pseudolocalization

Pseudolocalization (or pseudo-localization) is a software testing method used for testing internationalization aspects of software. Instead of translating the text of the software into a foreign language, as in the process of localization, the textual elements of an application are replaced with an altered version of the original language. 
Example:
These specific alterations make the original words appear readable, but include the most problematic characteristics of the world's languages: varying length of text or characters, language direction, and so on.
Localization process.
Traditionally, localization of software is independent of the software development process. In a typical scenario, software would be built and tested in one base language (such as English), with any "localizable" elements being extracted into external resources. Those resources are handed off to a localization team for translation into different target languages. The problem with this approach is that many subtle software bugs may be found during the process of localization, when it is too late (or more likely, too expensive) to fix them.
The types of problems that can arise during localization involve differences in how written text appears in different languages. These problems include:
In addition, the localization process may uncover places where an element should be localizable, but is hard coded in a source language. Similarly, there may be elements that were designed to be localized, but should not be (e.g. the element names in an XML or HTML document.) 
Pseudolocalization is designed to catch these types of bugs during the development cycle, by mechanically replacing "all" localizable elements with a pseudo-language that is readable by native speakers of the source language, but which contains most of the troublesome elements of other languages and scripts. This is why pseudolocalisation is to be considered an engineering or internationalization tool more than a localization one. 
Pseudolocalization in Microsoft Windows.
Pseudolocalization was introduced at Microsoft during the Windows Vista development cycle. The type of pseudo-language invented for this purpose is called a pseudo locale in Windows parlance. These locales were designed to use character sets and scripts characteristics from one of the three broad classes of foreign languages used by Windows at the time—basic ("Western"), mirrored ("Near-Eastern"), and CJK ("Far-Eastern"). Prior to Vista, each of these three languages had their own separate builds of Windows, with potentially different code bases (and thus, different behaviors and bugs.) The pseudo locales created for each of these language families would produce text that still "reads" as English, but is made up of script from another languages. For example, the text string
would be rendered in the "basic" pseudo-locale as
This process produces translated strings that are longer, include non-ASCII characters, and (in the case of the "mirrored" pseudo-locale), are written right-to-left.
Note that the brackets on either side of the text in this example help to spot the following issues:
Pseudolocalization process at Microsoft.
Michael Kaplan (a Microsoft program manager) explains the process of pseudo-localization similar to:
One of the key features of the pseudolocalization process is that it happens automatically, during the development cycle, as part of a routine build. The process is almost identical to the process used to produce true localized builds, but is done "before" a build is tested, much earlier in the development cycle. This leaves time for any bugs that are found to be fixed in the base code, which is much easier than bugs not found until a release date is near.
The builds that are produced by the pseudolocalization process are tested using the same QA cycle as a non-localized build. Since the pseudo-locales are mimicking English text, they can be tested by an English speaker. Recently, beta version of Windows (7 and 8) have been released with some pseudo-localized strings intact. For these recent version of Windows, the pseudo-localized build is the primary staging build (the one created routinely for testing), and the final English language build is a "localized" version of that.
Pseudolocalization tools for other platforms.
Besides the tools used internally by Microsoft, other internationalization tools now include pseudolocalization options. These tools include Alchemy Catalyst from Alchemy Software Development, and SDL Passolo from SDL. Such tools include pseudo-localization capability, including ability to view rendered Pseudo-localized dialog's and forms in the tools themselves. The process of creating a pseudolocalised build is fairly easy and can be done by running a custom made pseudolocalisation script on the extracted text resources.
There are a variety of free pseudolocalization resources on the Internet that will create pseudolocalized versions of common localization formats like iOS strings, Android xml, Gettext po, and others. These sites, like Psuedolocalize.com and Babble-on, allow developers to upload strings file to a Web site and download the resulting pseudolocalized file.

</doc>
<doc id="2852778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852778" title="Crosswords DS">
Crosswords DS

Crosswords DS (also known as CrossworDS) and as Nintendo presents: Crossword Collection in PAL regions is a puzzle video game released by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was previously released in Australia as CrossworDS but a new OFLC entry confirms that Nintendo Australia is re-releasing it with a European localization. It was first released in North America, and has since been released in Australia. "Crosswords DS" features over 1,000 crossword puzzles that the player solves by using the stylus. Despite the title, it also features word search puzzles and anagram puzzles. It makes use of similar handwriting mechanics that the "Brain Age" titles make use of. "Crosswords DS" is included in the "Touch! Generations" series of titles, which includes such popular games as "" and "Nintendogs". The background music was composed by Fabian Del Priore.
In 2012, Nintendo released a sequel for the Nintendo 3DS, called Crosswords Plus.
Gameplay.
"Crosswords DS" supports up to four different players, and features two basic modes - Training and Main Game. The main game includes three classifications of puzzles - Crosswords, Word Searches, and Anagrams. The game uses similar handwriting mechanics to solve the puzzles as the popular "Brain Age" series of video games, as well as requiring the player to hold the Nintendo DS like a book. All three puzzles have varying difficulty levels, all of them featuring unlockable puzzles and difficulty levels.
Crosswords.
The crossword puzzle is displayed on the touch screen and players tap tiles with the stylus to enlarge them, and then proceed to write in the desired letter. If a correct letter is written, it appears in black, and if an incorrect letter is written it appears in red. On higher difficulties, the player has the option to do the puzzle without the game showing if the letter is correct or not. A player can erase a letter or simply draw over it. The game will automatically move to the next tile after a correct letter, and will move either down or right, depending on which mode is toggled, across or down. Each puzzle also has a certain amount of hint points that the player can used if stumped, but will also add a minute to the player's time. When a puzzle is completed the game will show the amount of time it took to complete, and give the player a grade.
Word searches.
Word searches each have a certain category (i.e. "animals") that determine what kind of words the player will be searching for. Like a normal word search the word may appear forwards, backwards, or diagonally. The player touches the starting letter of the word, and drags the stylus to the ending letter of the word to highlight it. Once a word is found it is automatically crossed off form the word box on the left. The player's time is displayed, but no grade is given.
Anagrams.
Anagrams give the player a certain amount of letters, and the player must find every word that can be made out of the letters (2 letter words are not included). Players drag the letter tiles with the stylus into a box to make the words. When a word is found it will appear in its box on the top screen, listed in a group of how many letters the word is and alphabetically. When every word has been found, the player's time is shown, but like word searches, no grade is given. Anagrams comes in three difficulties: Short (4 letter words), Medium (5 letter words) and Long (6 letter words). Each difficulty awards you medals for completing 100, 200 and 300 anagram games. Each difficulty freezes the game once you have reached 583 anagrams of that difficulty.
Reception.
Matt Casamassina of gaming website IGN gave the game an 8.0/10, citing the number of crossword puzzles available and the control scheme as highlights, as well as the low price of the game. Some criticisms were the lack of any "bells and whistles" or downloadable content. 1UP gave the game a B-, and "GameDaily" gave it an 8/10. It currently holds a 68.5% based on thirteen reviews on review compilation site Game Rankings.
Awards.
"Crosswords DS" was awarded the Best Puzzle Game on the Nintendo DS in IGN's 2008 video game awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2852779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852779" title="Nemesis Game">
Nemesis Game

Nemesis Game is a 2003 mystery-thriller film directed and written by Jesse Warn. The story itself involves the main character, Sara Novak (played by Carly Pope), solving complex riddles and mysterious deaths of people around her.
Plot summary.
The main character of the movie is Sara Novak, a college student who, along with comic book store owner named Vern (played by Adrian Paul), spend their time solving riddles. The movie takes a twist when the riddles lead to the death of her friend Jeremy (played by Jay Baruchel), leaving Sara to fear whether she is someone else's game.
Awards and nominations.
2003 New Zealand Film Awards
Awards:
Nominations:

</doc>
<doc id="2852785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852785" title="Cooper Mountain (West Virginia)">
Cooper Mountain (West Virginia)

Cooper Mountain runs southwest northeast through Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of above sea-level at Bens Knob. The mountain's other knob, Butchers Knob, has an elevation of . Cooper Mountain is flanked to its west by North River Mountain and to its east by Parks Valley and Dillons Run. The Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) crosses Cooper Mountain at Loom between Hanging Rock and Capon Bridge. Tourists and travelers on U.S. Route 50 pull off at the Cooper Mountain overlook for a spectacular view over Parks Valley, Capon Bridge, and the ridges of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2852787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852787" title="Virginia State Route 6">
Virginia State Route 6

Virginia State Route 6 (SR 6) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known for most of its length as River Road, the state highway runs from U.S. Route 250 (US 250) in Afton east to SR 161 in Richmond. SR 6 is one of the main highways of mountainous Nelson County, where the highway runs north–south from its beginning to US 29. From Scottsville to Richmond, the state highway parallels the James River. SR 6 is a major suburban highway through southwestern Henrico County and the main street of Richmond's West End.
Route description.
SR 6 begins at US 250 (Rockfish Gap Turnpike) on the slope of Afton Mountain, the local name for this section of the Blue Ridge Mountains, about east of Rockfish Gap. The state highway heads south as Afton Mountain Road, which descends the mountain curvaceously and passes through the village of Afton, where the highway crosses over a CSX rail line. At the bottom of the descent, SR 6 meets SR 151 (Critzers Shop Road) in the village of Avon. The two highways head south as Rockfish Valley Highway through the namesake valley. Just south of Greenfield, SR 6 leaves SR 151 and heads east as River Road, which follows the Rockfish River through a mountainous area south to US 29 (Thomas Nelson Highway). SR 6 heads east along the four-lane divided highway between several mountains before splitting to the southeast as Irish Road. The state highway crosses over Norfolk Southern Railway's Washington District in Faber and enters Albemarle County at a gap between Shiloh Mountain and Butler Mountain.
SR 6 continues east along a mountainous area where the highway passes through the communities of Damon, Tillmans, Esmont, and Porters. The state highway enters an area of more gentle terrain on its way to Scottsville, which is on the border between Albemarle and Fluvanna counties. At the north end of the town, SR 6 joins SR 20 in a concurrency on Valley Street. In the center of town, SR 6 heads east as Main Street while SR 20 crosses the James River. The state highway parallels the river and CSX's Rivanna Subdivision through the town before turning north and ascending out of the river valley. SR 6 continues east as River Road through Kidds Store and Cohasset to Fork Union, home of Fork Union Military Academy. The state highway runs concurrently with US 15 (James Madison Highway) northeast from Fork Union before diverging at Dixie.
SR 6 passes through Holmhead and crosses the Rivanna River shortly before passing through the town of Columbia, where the highway is named St. James Street. At the east end of the town, SR 6 enters Goochland County and briefly parallels the Rivanna Subdivision through the valley of the James River. The state highway veers away from the river and meets the northern end of SR 45 (Cartersville Road) at Georges Tavern. SR 6 approaches the river again just before arriving in Goochland. At the north end of the county seat, the state highway joins US 522 (Sandy Hook Road) in a concurrency and heads south past the Western Campus of J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College. SR 6 and US 522 pass the county offices and the Virginia Correctional Center for Women before US 522 heads south across the James River as Maidens Road. SR 6 heads through the villages of Manakin and Sabot, between which SR 6 expands to a four-lane divided highway. At Richmond Country Club, River Road splits to the south and the state highway continues east as Patterson Avenue.
SR 6 meets the SR 288 freeway at a cloverleaf interchange before crossing Tuckahoe Creek into suburban Henrico County. The state highway intersects Gaskins Road, which heads north as SR 157, and Parham Road in the suburb of Tuckahoe. At Glenside Drive, which leads north to Monument Avenue, SR 6 veers southeast and enters the city of Richmond. The state highway becomes an undivided highway just before intersecting SR 197 (Malvern Avenue). SR 6 crosses over Interstate 195 (Beltline Expressway), which is accessed via Thompson Street, which the state highway intersects as it shifts to two-lane Kensington Avenue. The state highway continues through the Museum District until it reaches its eastern terminus at SR 161 (Boulevard) one block north of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.
Major intersections.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Destinations
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2852798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852798" title="CheetahTemplate">
CheetahTemplate

Cheetah (or CheetahTemplate) is a template engine that uses the Python programming language. It can be used standalone or combined with other tools and frameworks. It is often used for server-side scripting and dynamic web content by generating HTML, but can also be used to generate source code. Cheetah is free/open-source software licensed under the MIT License.
Templating engines encourage clean separation of content, graphic design, and program code. This leads to more modular, flexible, and reusable site architectures, shorter development time, and code that is easier to understand and maintain. Cheetah compiles templates into optimized, yet readable, Python code. It gives template authors full access to any Python data and functionality, while providing a way for administrators to selectively restrict access to Python when needed.
Cheetah is included in the FreeBSD Ports collection and several Linux distributions: Gentoo, Fedora, Debian, and Ubuntu among others.

</doc>
<doc id="2852799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852799" title="Mario Rodríguez">
Mario Rodríguez

Mario Rodríguez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852801" title="ODN">
ODN

ODN can be:

</doc>
<doc id="2852802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852802" title="Paul Caruso">
Paul Caruso

Paul Caruso (1920-2001) was a criminal defense attorney in Los Angeles, California. He served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.
Legal career.
Paul Caruso was admitted to practice law in August 1953 following graduation from the Columbus University School of Law in Washington DC (now the Columbus School of Law of the Catholic University of America). He obtained a veteran's waiver for admission to the California Bar.
Caruso later represented war hero and actor Audie Murphy on a charge of trying to kill a Burbank dog trainer who Murphy claimed brutalized the dog and made advances towards Murphy's girlfriend. Caruso has also represented Charles Manson follower Susan Atkins, Eddie Nash—who was accused of four Laurel Canyon slayings—and TV sports reporter Stan Duke, who was charged in the gunshot slaying of radio commentator Averill Berman.
Caruso was the founding president of the Italian American Lawyers Assn. in Los Angeles.
Caruso had five children, and his eldest son, Carey Caruso, still runs his father's practice.

</doc>
<doc id="2852803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852803" title="Chase Lake Wilderness">
Chase Lake Wilderness

The Chase Lake Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and at , it covers the majority of the land area of Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge. Managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the wilderness was designated by Congress in 1975.
Home to as many as 30,000 White Pelicans, the wilderness preserves habitat for the largest single grouping of pelicans in North America. The pelicans have enjoyed a tremendous rebound from the 50 or so examples that existed in the region when first counted in 1908. Tending to nest on two large islands within the lake for protection from predators, some of the pelicans have been banded and these same birds have been found as far south as the Everglades in Florida during the winter months. Chase Lake is an alkaline lake and supports no fish species, so the pelicans rely on the plentiful Tiger salamander as a food source. The White pelican is the largest of all pelicans; they can have a 10 foot (3 m) wingspan and weigh an average of 20 pounds.
Many other bird species can also be found here including herons, loons, ibises, ducks, geese, hawks and terns to name but a few. White-tailed deer, weasels, coyote and badger also inhabit the wilderness.
No camping is permitted in the wilderness and some areas are completely off limits to people, especially during the nesting season. A few trails allow access for bird watching and visitors are encouraged to remain on designated trails.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are allowed with proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.

</doc>
<doc id="2852820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852820" title="Sounds Like Sunset">
Sounds Like Sunset

Sounds Like Sunset are a band based in Sydney, Australia. The group formed in 1997 and as of 2008 have released 2 albums, 'Saturdays' in 2001 and 'Invisible' in 2005 as well as various other releases on cassettes, 7" and compilations.
Early days.
The band formed initially as a side-project with David Challinor (guitar), David Hobson (bass) and Rohan Geddes (drums) in Pennant Hills in Sydney's north west in August 1997. Early tape recordings and gigs showed the band in similar sonic territory as Flying Saucer Attack and other drone/noise/post-rock bands, something the band soon grew away from in the hope of melding all the noise & feedback into more concise pop arrangements.
Music.
The band are often filed under shoegazer and noise-pop music. The group's influences range from the Beatles, Beach Boys, Led Zeppelin, Velvet Underground and Love, through to more recent artists Dinosaur Jr, Sebadoh, Spacemen3, Flying Saucer Attack, Sonic Youth, My Bloody Valentine and the Jesus and Mary Chain.
The members' teenage/formative years share a collective love of punk & Death metal - which occasionally resurfaces, some might say at odds with the delicate melodic nature of the band's current output. Live shows are generally loud, densely layered and orchestrated guitar assaults.
PRL.
Until recently the band regularly fielded a team "The Söunds Like Sunset Singletönes" in Chief Robby Cranny's PRL (Pretend Rugby League. The team's PRL career began in 2003 at the Zetland Hotel, and its career highlight was coming Div 1 runners-up in the 2006 season, followed by a Div1 3rd place in the 2007 season with a team selected entirely by Travis Baird of cult band Founder. Travis was recruited to select a squad when everyone in Sounds Like Sunset forgot to attend the player auction. 
In 2008 the band shocked the PRL community by again failing to attend the 2008 PRL player auction, a move that did not go unnoticed by the PRL hierarchy and the band were forced to relinquish their coveted spot in Div1 of the PRL altogether. The band hope to be eligible to re-register with PRL in 2009 and start climbing their way back through the lower leagues until again finding glory in Div1.
Recent Activity.
The band are currently recording and mixing an as yet untitled 3rd album across various home studio setups.
Andrew Fevre (guitar) recently spent a year overseas, and in his absence the band played on with various friends dropping into the lineup for a number of shows, including: 
Band members now live in an area spread between Canterbury, Bondi and the NSW Central Coast suburb of Wyoming. 
Band members.
Current lineup (since early 2002)
Past Members

</doc>
<doc id="2852829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852829" title="Kazan Gymnasium">
Kazan Gymnasium

Kazan Gymnasium was a gymnasium of Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia. It is notable for its alumnus, Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, who graduated from the school in 1807. Other notable alumni include Ivan Shishkin, a Russian landscape artist, and Gavrila Derzhavin, a poet.
The school was established during the reign of Elizabeth of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="2852830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852830" title="Aragami">
Aragami

Aragami is a 2003 Japanese action film directed by Ryuhei Kitamura. It was Kitamura's contribution to the Duel Project, a challenge issued by producer Shinya Kawai to him and fellow director Yukihiko Tsutsumi to film a feature length movie with only two actors, battling in one setting, in only the time frame of one week.
Plot.
Two seriously wounded samurai find refuge from a storm at an isolated temple, the home of a swordsman and a mysterious young woman.
One samurai awakes to find that not only has his comrade died, but that his wounds have miraculously healed. He discovers that he has been given the power of immortality by the swordsman, a man once known as the legendary Miyamoto Musashi, who now lives an endless existence as Aragami, a "god of battle".

</doc>
<doc id="2852839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852839" title="Calogrenant">
Calogrenant

Sir Calogrenant, sometimes known in English as Colgrevance, or, in ancient Welsh, Cynon ap Clydno, is a Knight of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. He is a cousin to Sir Ywain, and his courtesy and eloquence were known throughout the kingdom.
Calogrenant first appears in Chrétien de Troyes' "Yvain, the Knight of the Lion". After a good meal, Calogrenant tells a story to a group of knights and Queen Guinevere about an adventure he had in the forest of Brocéliande. He had heard of a magic spring in those woods which could create a huge storm whenever someone poured its water into a nearby basin. With directions from a local family and a gruesomely depicted giant, Calogrenant reached the spring and summoned the storm. Immediately after the storm, a knight named Esclados attacked him for causing such havoc. The knight soundly defeated Calogrenant, but didn't kill him. Calogrenant's cousin Ywain is upset that Calogrenant never told him of this defeat, and sets out to avenge him, embarking on the adventure that sets up the remainder of events in the romance.
Calogrenant appears later in the Lancelot-Grail Cycle as an excellent knight, though his kinship to Ywain is not as clear as in Chrétien. He dies during the Grail Quest while trying to keep Sir Lionel from killing his own brother, Bors. Bors had faced a dilemma over whom to rescue between Lionel, who was getting beaten with thorns by two rogue knights, and a maiden who had just been abducted, and chose the maiden over his brother. Lionel was not pleased by this, and attacked Bors the next time he saw him. A religious hermit tried to intervene, but was killed accidentally in the process, and Calogrenant stepped in. Bors would not fight his brother, and Lionel slays Calogrenant and goes after Bors until God steps in and renders him immobile.
Thomas Malory recounts Colgrevance's death scene in his "Le Morte d'Arthur", but also includes another one later in the narrative. Despite dying on the Grail quest, he turns up as one of the twelve knights who help Agravaine and Mordred trap Lancelot and Guinevere together. Lancelot has no armor or weapons, but he pulls Colgrevance into the room and kills him, and uses his sword to slay the rest of the company (though Mordred escapes).
Roger Sherman Loomis and others speculated that Calogrenant was used specifically as a foil for Sir Kay in some lost early version of the "Yvain" story. In Chrétien's romance he is presented as everything Kay is not: polite, respectful, and well-mannered. By this theory, his name can be deconstructed to "Cai lo grenant", or "Cai the grumbler", which would represent another opposite characteristic of Kay, who was famous for his acid tongue.
Calogrenant appears in the Welsh Romance "Owain, or the Lady of the Fountain" as Cynon, known elsewhere in Welsh tradition as the lover of Owain's sister Morvydd. Cynon is stated to be the son of Clydno, possibly connected to Clyddno Eiddin.

</doc>
<doc id="2852868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852868" title="Magenta-throated woodstar">
Magenta-throated woodstar

The magenta-throated woodstar ("Calliphlox bryantae") is an attractive hummingbird that is a resident breeder in forest edge and scrub in Costa Rica and western Panama. Its nest is undescribed.
The 9 cm long, 3.5 g weight male magenta-throated woodstar is unmistakable with its magenta throat separated by a white collar from the green chest and flanks. The back is green and the belly is rufous. There are white rump patches, and the black-tipped tail is long and forked.
The female is 3 cm long and lacks the male’s long tail. Her plumage is generally like the male’s but her throat is grey-buff instead of magenta, and the tail sides are rufous. Immature birds are like the female, but paler below and with buff fringes to the upperparts plumage.
The male gives a diving display flight alone or in loose groups. His song is a spluttering gurgle, and the call a dry "chi" or territorial "chrrrrt".
These birds usually visit flowers of herbs, trees and scrubs for nectar, cocking their tails as they feed.

</doc>
<doc id="2852888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852888" title="Treehouse (album)">
Treehouse (album)

Treehouse was the second CD by The Grapes of Wrath, released in 1987 on Capitol Records.
"Peace of Mind" was the band's first single to reach the "RPM" singles charts in Canada, peaking at #56. "Backward Town" and "O Lucky Man" were also released as singles.
Background.
The album was produced by Tom Cochrane. However, he departed the project slightly before it was finished, after conflicting with engineer Ric Arboit over "Peace of Mind"; Cochrane disliked the song and wanted to stop working on it before Arboit or the band thought it was finished. Arboit and Dave Ogilvie finished the final mixes.

</doc>
<doc id="2852894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852894" title="Marcel Rouff">
Marcel Rouff

Marcel Rouff (1877 in Geneva – 1936 in Paris) was a novelist, poet, critic, and historian, a friend of Curnonsky and his collaborator on "La France gastronomique".
He is perhaps best known for his account of the fictional gourmet Dodin-Bouffant, "La vie et la passion de Dodin-Bouffant, gourmet" (translated as "The Passionate Epicure") published in 1924 and dedicated to Brillat-Savarin. 
His father Jules Rouff published Jean Jaurès's "Histoire socialiste", which Marcel contributed to.
He was a founding member of the Académie des gastronomes.

</doc>
<doc id="2852896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852896" title="Guillaume Costeley">
Guillaume Costeley

Guillaume Costeley Cotelay(1530, possibly 1531 – January 28, 1606) was a French composer of the Renaissance. He was the court organist to Charles IX of France and famous for his numerous "chansons", which were representative of the late development of the form; his work in this regard was part of the early development of the style known as musique mesurée. He was also one of very few 16th century French composers of music for keyboard. In addition, he was a founding member of the "Académie de Poésie et de Musique" along with poet Jean-Antoine de Baïf, and he was one of the earliest composers to experiment with microtonal composition.
Life.
Costeley was born in Fontanges-en-Auvergne, coincidentally the same town as contemporary composer Antoine de Bertrand. Nothing is known of him prior to his arrival in Paris in or before 1554, at which time he met, and became acquainted with the music of, such diverse figures as Jean Maillard, Jacques Arcadelt, and Sandrin. It was through Sandrin, who had recently worked in Italy, that Costeley probably became interested in the latest trends in Italian scholarship, particularly the theories of Nicola Vicentino, some of which involved composition using microtones. Costeley's only microtonal composition, "Seigneur Dieu ta pitié", was apparently written at exactly the time that Sandrin was in Paris.
During the late 1550s Costeley rose in prominence in Parisian musical life, being published by Le Roy and Ballard in 1559. Since Le Roy was closely connected to the royal court through the family of Catherine de Clermont, who was to become the Countess of Retz, it is probable that his influence was significant in Costeley's rise. By 1560 Costeley had been appointed to the royal court, as organist, music teacher to the ten-year-old monarch, and composer of chansons for the royal chamber.
In 1570 he published "Musique de Guillaume Costeley", which contains almost all of his surviving works. In November of this same year King Henry III granted a charter for the formation of the Académie de poésie et de musique, of which Costeley was a founding member; there is, however, no evidence of any musical composition by Costeley between 1570 and his death in 1606. He was lauded by the group and took part in its activities (the king himself was probably a member, and attended some of their meetings, as did his successor Charles IX after 1574). Baïf himself, the founder of the Académie, wrote several poems in Costeley's honor.
However Costeley was no longer resident full-time at Paris. He had purchased a house in Evreux in Normandy, and married; the King only required him to be at court for the first three months of the year. Records of his property purchases indicate that he had become wealthy in service of the king. In 1581 he was made tax assessor at Evreux, and in 1592 his wife died and he married again. In 1597 he was named as an advisor to the king ("Conseiller du Roy"), and he seems to have remained in Evreux in semi-retirement until his death.
Music and influence.
Costeley's surviving music amounts to about 100 chansons, as well as three motets and a fantasy for organ. Everything that he wrote can be dated to the period between 1554 and 1569.
His motets, his only known sacred works, are for four and five voices and show the influence of Jean Maillard. A connection between the two is assumed since they both set the same unusual text ("Domine salvum fac regem desiderium cordis ejus"), and their settings contain apparently deliberate similarities.
Costeley's chansons were by far the most famous part of his output, and they are in the Parisian chanson style of the time, with vivid word painting, along with a tendency to think harmonically rather than polyphonically – as the age of purely polyphonic writing was coming to an end over most of Europe. The subject matter of the chansons is widely varied, as was true for most composers in the genre; some of the chansons are love songs, some are imitations of war or victory odes, and some are humorous or scatological.
A peculiarity of Costeley's style – and his notation – is that he specified the accidentals he wanted applied to his music with great care and precision, something which was unusual prior to the middle of the 16th century, but which began to occur thereafter. He was fond of unusual melodic intervals, such as the diminished third, and probably wanted to make sure they were performed correctly. Some of his chansons, for example the earthy "Grosse garce noire et tendre", use this interval prominently: in this work he uses it in an imitative passage. In other pieces he uses augmented intervals, including seconds, fourths, fifths, and sixths. Even more unusual than his use of previously prohibited intervals, however, is his pioneering use of microtones. The chanson "Seigneur Dieu ta pitié" of 1558 made use of justly tuned enharmonic intervals which, if played on a keyboard instrument, would require nineteen keys per octave; Costeley specifies that tuning such an instrument in equal "thirds of a tone" would be necessary to perform his chanson. This amounts to a specification of 19 equal temperament for a keyboard version of this chanson.
While he was a member of Jean-Antoine de Baïf's "Academie de musique et de poésie", few of his works show the influence of, or intent to contribute to, the newly developed genre of "musique mesurée". Only two compositions in the collection entitled "Musique", published in 1570, show the metrical freedom which characterizes the style.
One instrumental composition by Costeley has survived, and that only in a reconstructed version from a manuscript prepared by a non-musician. It is a short fantasie for organ ("Fantasie" "orgue ou espinette faicte par monsieur Coteley [musicien de la Chappelle du Roy"), and is considered significant because it is one of the only surviving bits of keyboard music from late 16th-century France, other than pieces transcribed from vocal originals. The repertory of French keyboard players from the time seems to not have been written down, and certainly remained unpublished.

</doc>
<doc id="2852904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852904" title="Sudhana">
Sudhana

Sudhanakumâra (), mainly known as Sudhana and Shancai or Shancai Tongzi in Chinese, and translated as "Child of Wealth", is the main protagonist in the next-to-last and longest chapter of the Avatamsaka Sutra. Sudhana appears in Buddhist, Taoist and folk stories; in most of them he is one of the acolytes of the bodhisattva Avalokitesvara (Guanyin) and is paired with Longnü (Dragon Girl). He and Longnü being depicted with Guanyin was most likely influenced by the "Jade Maiden" () and "Golden Youth" () who both appear in the iconography of the Jade Emperor. A fictionalised account of Sudhana is detailed in the classical novel "Journey to the West", where Sudhana is portrayed as a villain, Red Boy, who is eventually subdued by Guanyin and becomes the bodhisattva's attendant.
Gandavyuha Sutra.
Sudhana was a youth from India who was seeking enlightenment. At the behest of the bodhisattva Mañjuśrī, Sudhana takes a pilgrimage on his quest for enlightenment and studies under 53 "good friends", those who direct one towards the Way to Enlightenment. The 53 stations of Japan's Tokaido are a metaphor for Sudhana's journey. Avalokitesvara is the 28th spiritual master Sudhana visits at "Mount Potalaka". Sudhana's quest reaches it climax at when he meets Maitreya, the Buddha-to-be, who snaps his fingers and opens thereby opening the doors to his marvelous tower. Within the tower, Sudhana experiences all the Dharmadhatu (dimensions or worlds) in a fantastic succession of visions. The final master that he visits is Samantabhadra, who teaches Sudhana that wisdom only exists for the sake of putting it into practice.
The pilgrimage of Sudhana mirrors that of Gautama Buddha and the Gandavyuha Sutra becomes very popular in China during the Song Dynasty when it was adapted and circulated in small amply illustrated booklets, each page dedicated to one of Sudhana's spiritual teachers.
Tale of the Southern Seas.
Chapter 18 of the "Complete Tale of Guanyin and the Southern Seas" (), a 16th century Ming Dynasty novel, is the first text that established a connection between Shancai and Guanyin. In the tale, Shancai was a disabled boy from India who was very interested in studying the Buddha's teachings. At that time, Guanyin had just achieved enlightenment and had retired to Mount Putuo. When Shancai heard that there was a bodhisattva on the rocky island of Putuo, he quickly journeyed there to learn from her despite his disability.
Guanyin, after having a discussion with Shancai, decided to test his resolve to fully study the Buddhist dharma. She transformed the trees and plants into sword-wielding pirates, who ran up the hill to attack them. Guanyin took off and dashed to the edge of a cliff and jumped off, with the pirates still in pursuit. Shancai, in his desperation to save Guanyin, jumped off after her.
Shancai and Guanyin managed to reascend the cliff, and at this point, Guanyin asked Shancai to look down. Shancai saw his mortal remains at the foot of the cliff. Guanyin then asked him to walk and Shancai found that he could walk normally and that he was no longer crippled. When he looked into a pool of water, he also discovered that he now had a handsome face. From that day onwards, Guanyin taught Shancai the entire Buddhist dharma. Guanyin and Shancai later encountered the third son of the Dragon King, and in the process, Guanyin earned Longnü (Dragon Girl) as a new acolyte. ("see Longnü for how Shancai and Guanyin aided the Dragon King")
Precious Scrolls of Shancai and Longnü.
The "Precious Scroll of Shancai and Longnü" (), an 18th or 19th century scroll comprising 29 folios, provides a different account on how Shancai and Longnü became the acolytes of Guanyin. This tale seems to have a Taoist origin. The story is set in the Qianfu era of the reign of Emperor Xizong of the Tang Dynasty.
A virtuous minister Chen Bao and his wife Lady Han are still childless when they are getting older. When Chen rejects his wife's recommendation to take a concubine, she suggested that they pray to the bodhisattva Guanyin for help. Guanyin saw that the couple was destined to not have any children, so she ordered a "Boy Who Brings Wealth" () to be born into the family. Lady Han soon gave birth to a boy, who was named Chen Lian. She died when he son was only five years old.
As a child, Chen Lian was not interested in civil or military pursuits, but rather, in religious enlightenment, much to his father's disapproval. At the age of seven, his father finally gave in to his pleas and allowed him to study under the tutelage of the Yellow Dragon Immortal (). Chen Lian was renamed to Shancai and became a dutiful apprentice of the immortal. However, he ignored all of his father's requests to visit home during his apprenticeship.
When his father's 60th birthday approached, Shancai was once again asked to go home for a visit. As his master was away, Shancai decided to return home since it was a special occasion. On his way down a mountain path, he heard a voice crying out for help. Upon investigation, he saw that it was a snake trapped in a bottle for the last 18 years. The snake begged Shancai to release her, and after Shancai did so, she revealed her true form as a giant serpent and wanted to eat him. When Shancai protested at the snake's behaviour, she argued that "ēn" (恩, an act of kindness) should be repaid with a feud, as is the way of nature. However, the snake agreed to bring the case before three judges.
The first judge was the Golden Water Buffalo Star in human form. He agreed with the snake that given her past experiences with humans, she was right to repay Shancai's kindness by devouring him. The Buffalo related how he was forced out of Heaven by the bodhisattva Ksitigarbha into the human world to help humans plough the fields. Ksitigarbha vowed that if the humans did not repay one's kindness by showing kindness in return, his eyes would fall out. As the Buffalo landed face first on Earth, he lost all his upper front teeth. He later suffered greatly, and after years of toiling for his human master, he was butchered and eaten. Because of this, Ksitigarbha's eyes fell out and landed on Earth and transformed into snails, which buffaloes trample on when they plough the fields.
The second judge was the Taoist master Zhuangzi, who also sided with the snake. He cited an incident where he resurrected a dead man, who repaid his kindness by bringing him to court and accusing him of stealing his money.
The third judge was a young girl. The girl told the snake that she could eat her as well if the snake could show them how it was able to fit into the bottle she was released from. As soon as the snake wormed itself back into the bottle, it was trapped. The girl then revealed herself as Guanyin. When the snake begged for mercy, Guanyin told her that if she wanted to be saved she must engage in religious exercises in the Grotto of the Sounds of the Flood (present-day Fayu Temple) on Mount Putuo. Around this time, Guanyin also gained a new disciple, the Filial Parrot.
Three years later, when Guanyin returned to Mount Putuo, she appeared to Shancai in the middle of the ocean. Shancai joined her in walking across the sea and became her acolyte. With the confirmation of his faith, Shancai's parents were reborn in Heaven. As for the snake, she committed herself to seven years of austerity and eventually cleansed itself of venom and produced a pearl. She transformed into Longnü and joined Shancai as an acolyte of Guanyin.
As Red Boy.
Sudhana is the Buddhist name of Red Boy, also known as Honghai'er (), an antagonist in the classical novel "Journey to the West". Red Boy was the son of Princess Iron Fan and Bull Demon King. As an exchange for punishment after kidnapping Tang Sanzang and Zhu Bajie, as well as usurping Guanyin's lotus seat in irreverence, Red Boy surrendered to Guanyin and became her attendant.

</doc>
<doc id="2852909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852909" title="Jai Hind College">
Jai Hind College

Jai Hind College is a college in Mumbai, India, affiliated with University of Mumbai. After independence, it was established in 1948 by a small group of teachers who were displaced from D. J. Science College of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan under the supervision of Dr. Mohinder-Miles Morton. The college is at 'A' Road, Churchgate.
It started as an Arts and Science college. Many new courses and subjects were offered later — the faculty of Commerce was introduced in 1980, Management and Computer Science were introduced in 1999, Mass Media and Biotechnology in 2002, and Banking and Insurance in 2003.
Catering to more than 5000 students, Jai Hind College is considered among the best and most sought after colleges in Mumbai city.

</doc>
<doc id="2852922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852922" title="Cantons of the Lot department">
Cantons of the Lot department

The following is a list of the 32 cantons of the Lot department, in France, sorted by arrondissement:

</doc>
<doc id="2852934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852934" title="Virginia State Route 161">
Virginia State Route 161

State Route 161 is a primary state highway in and near Richmond, Virginia, United States. It extends from an interchange with Interstate 95 in the independent city of Richmond north to an intersection with U.S. Route 1 in the Lakeside area of central Henrico County. 
For a portion of its history, the road served as an early western highway bypass of the downtown area of the City of Richmond through portions of Chesterfield and Henrico counties. Known during that period as the area's "Belt Boulevard", the name is still applied to some streets along the former bypass routing. SR 161 now located entirely in the City of Richmond and Henrico County.
Route description.
Southside Richmond.
SR 161 begins at a partial cloverleaf interchange from I-95 exit 69 to an intersection with Walmsley Boulevard and 
Commerce Road. The state highway curves right onto Commerce Road then turning left at Bells Road near Phillip Morris USA. 
The state route curves through the Phillip Morris area then crosses over CSX's Bellwood Subdivision to an intersection 
with Jefferson Davis Highway (US 1/US 301). SR 161 keeps straight across the Jefferson Davis area, crosses over CSX's Clopton Lead, then turns right onto Belt Boulevard near the Parnell Industrial Area. The state route briefly parallels CSX's North End Subdivision as it passes its former alignment with Terminal Avenue. The state route then pass a partial cloverleaf interchange with Hopkins Road before approaching the Hunter Holmes McGuire Veterans Administration Medical Center at SR 10 (Broad Rock Boulevard). The state route turns right and the two highways run concurrently along four-lane divided Broad Rock Boulevard. The two highways diverge just northwest of McGuire Hospital's entrance. The highway heads northwest towards the former McGuire Circle at US 360 (Hull Street Road) then keeping straight passing Historic Southside Plaza and Circle Shopping Centers. About a mile further northwest is a diamond interchange with US 60 (Midlothian Turnpike) where the highway name changes from Belt Boulevard to Westover Hills Boulevard. The highway keeps straight north past a busy intersection with Forest Hill Avenue in the Westover Hills area before approaching the Toll Boulevard Bridge. The bridge crosses over Norfolk Southern Railway's Richmond District, James River, and CSX's Rivanna Subdivision before reaching the toll plaza.
Northside Richmond.
SR 161 crosses through the toll plaza and curves around Maymont Park on the right, Dogwood Dell on the left and 
through the south side of William Byrd Park as Park Drive. SR 161 turns right onto a four-lane divided Blanton 
Avenue. It then passes an intersection with Douglasdale Road which has access to I-195 (Beltline Expressway) and toll SR 76 (Powhite Parkway). The highway reduces to two lanes and decrease speed limit of 25 mph before curving right to Grant Street and then curving left onto S. Boulevard where it is once again a four-lane divided highway. Upon departure of Byrd Park near Boat Lake is an interchange only to the eastbound lanes of Toll SR 195 (Downtown Expressway) to downtown Richmond. To access I-195 (Beltline Expressway) northbound, motorist would have to use Idlewood Avenue's west leg after crossing over the Downtown Expressway. SR 161 approaches a one-way pair SR 147 east of Carytown where the eastbound lanes are known as Cary Street and the westbound: Main Street (east leg) and Ellwood Avenue (west leg). The crossing of Main Street is where SR 161 transitions from South to North Boulevard. The state highway continues north passing the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (SR 315), the eastern terminus of SR 6 (Kensington Avenue), and around the Stonewall Jackson monument on historic Monument Avenue before reaching US 33/US 250 Broad Street. The state highway continues northeast crossing over CSX's Bellwood Subdivision once again, passing Greyhound Lines Richmond station on the left and The Diamond on the right. Near the Arthur Ashe Athletic Center is an intersection with Robin Hood Road to the east and Ellen Road to the west. To access I-95 south and I-64 east, motorist would use Robin Hood Road. SR 161 keeps straight crossing under I-95/I-64 to its interchange with the north and westbound lanes (I-95 exit 78). Upon reaching the intersection of Westwood Avenue with the southwest leg being Brookland Parkway, the highway changes names to Hermitage Road. The highway then continues north to an intersection with SR 197 (Laburnum Avenue). There is a monument statue of AP Hill in the center of the intersection. The highway heads north through a residential zone to another interchange with I-95 (southbound only) to I-64 (I-95 exit 80) before crossing into Henrico County near Joseph Bryan Park.
Henrico County.
SR 161 enters Henrico County as a four-lane divided highway (Lakeside Avenue) through a local business area to its intersection with Dumbarton Road. The highway heads north through another residential zone and some restaurants toward the intersection with the eastern terminus of SR 356 (Hilliard Road). The north leg of the intersection is the unnumbered Lakeside Avenue to the Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden. SR 161 turns right onto Hilliard Road and heads east to its northern terminus with US 1 (Brook Road).
History.
An early highway bypass of Richmond.
In the pre-World War II era, the original Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge (replaced in the 1980s), crossing the James River at Richmond was a toll bridge. Traffic through Richmond on U.S. Route 1 and 301 was often highly congested with Florida-New York and other east coast travelers. In the city, the path of US 1/301 passed miles of tourist homes along Jefferson Davis Highway south of the river and Chamberlayne Avenue north of the river. 
By 1934, a combination of roads known collectively as the "Belt Boulevard" formed a western bypass of Richmond's most congested areas along the US 1/301 corridor, crossing the James River on Richmond's privately owned Boulevard Bridge, a toll bridge built in 1925. The Belt Boulevard offered an alternative to downtown Richmond's traffic, with ends at US 1 south and north of the city limits in Chesterfield and Henrico counties, respectively, at that time. (Part of the route south of the James River was annexed from Chesterfield County in 1944; the remainder in 1970, so the road in that area is now entirely in Richmond).
The name Belt Boulevard was apparently derived from the "Belt Line" tracks of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad (RF&P) and Atlantic Coast Line Railroad (ACL) which had also been built some years earlier to bypass a congestion point and river crossing in downtown Richmond at Byrd Street Station. The road very roughly parallels the belt line railroad about a mile or so east for a large portion of its routing.
Route description.
The route began at U.S. Routes 1 and 301 at Terminal Avenue, a location known as "Stop 9" on the Richmond-Petersburg Interurban Electric Railway. A large neon sign and arrow at the intersection of Terminal Avenue and Jefferson Davis Highway on the southwest corner urged northbound motorists to consider the bypass. The sign survived into the 1970s. 
It followed Terminal Avenue northwesterly in Chesterfield County to a short road section actually named Belt Boulevard, which it followed about a mile, meeting State Route 10 and sharing it around the north side of the former Speedway which was located at the current site of McGuire Hospital. Resuming its own roadway, Belt Boulevard turned almost due north. It met U.S. Route 360 at McGuire Circle and U.S. Route 60 about a mile further north. In the late 1940s, an overpass for U.S. 60 and a partial cloverleaf interchange was built at this location. 
About 1/2 mile north of U.S. 60, the road crossed the original Belt Line railroad tracks, a routing which was itself bypassed by a newer alignment of the belt line by the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad at the time Broad Street Station was opened around 1917. 
After crossing the railroad, Belt Boulevard connected with Westover Hills Boulevard. It continued north through the newly developed Westover Hills community and the Forest Hill Avenue commercial corridor to reach the high bluffs along the south side of the James River. 
At this location, Belt Boulevard crossed the Southern Railway (along the south bank), the James River, and the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway and James River and Kanawha Canal (along the north bank) via the Boulevard Bridge, with tolls collected initially at a midpoint on the narrow two-lane bridge itself. The road made landfall just east of Maymont Park and climbing the bluff there, wound around a city reservoir through Byrd Park to connect with the south end of Richmond's major connector street known simply as Boulevard (or "The Boulevard"), a major north–south thoroughfare. It followed that roadway north past a statue to honor Christopher Columbus and crossed Monument Avenue, where a statue of Confederate Major General Stonewall Jackson had been erected. After crossing U.S. Route 33 and U.S. Route 250 at Broad Street, about a mile further north it reached Westwood Circle. 
The road followed Hermitage Road north, passing another monument for (and the tomb of) Confederate General Ambrose Powell Hill at Laburnum Avenue. the roadway entered Henrico County on Lakeside Avenue near the main entrance to the city's Joseph Bryan Park. It ran through the Lakeside area to Hillard Road and crossing the Richmond-Ashland Railway (an electric interurban) to end at an intersection with Brook Road in Henrico County north of Richmond.
Route numbering history.
The northern portion of the Belt Boulevard route in Richmond from Boulevard and its intersections with Main and Cary Streets north to U.S. Route 1 in Henrico County was originally numbered as Virginia State Route 432. In 1933, it was renumbered as Virginia State Route 161. The SR-161 route numbering was assigned south of State Route 147 during World War II.
Traffic circles.
Although promoted as a bypass of heavy traffic near downtown Richmond, the Belt Boulevard route included two of the Richmond area's busier traffic circles. 
1958: replaced as a bypass, a new suburban connector.
The Belt Boulevard as a bypass of Richmond was largely replaced by the new Richmond-Petersburg Turnpike, a toll road which opened in 1958. However, a portion of the southern end of SR 161 retains the Belt Boulevard name, and it is in current use there. 
A major intersection was at U.S. Route 360, and after a mile of residential housing, another at U.S. Route 60 (Midlothian Turnpike). The area in between these two points along Belt Boulevard was to become valuable commercial property, anchored by the massive Southside Plaza Shopping Center in 1957. Businesses replacing homes included a Shoney's Big Boy restaurant, a Bill's Barbecue restaurant (a local chain), Ford and Dodge automobile dealerships, a Putt-Putt miniature golf course, and two bowling alleys. In a short time, the equivalent of a small town business district materialized, even as the road changed from a through traffic bypass to a suburban connector street.
Post-1970 changes, current routing.
On January 1, 1970, the City of Richmond annexed most of the southern portion, which had been in Chesterfield County. Although it formerly followed Terminal Avenue, in the 1990s, the VA-161 routing was relocated and extended along newly rebuilt sections of Belt Boulevard and Bells Road, which the route now follows across Jefferson Davis Highway (US 1/301) to meet Interstate 95 (at exit 69).
Both traffic circles had been replaced by traffic signals by the mid-1970s. The area near the larger is still known locally as McGuire Circle, even though the circle has been gone for over 30 years. In the 1980s, the railroad tracks and grade crossing south of Westover Hills were removed. Two railroad grade crossings remain on the newer Bells Road portion of SR-161, on a spur line (the former ACL main line into Manchester and Richmond) and the former Seaboard Air Line Railroad (SAL) S-line of CSX near the major Phillip Morris complex in South Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="2852939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852939" title="Uriah P. Levy">
Uriah P. Levy

Uriah Phillips Levy (April 22, 1792 – March 26, 1862) was a naval officer, real estate investor, and philanthropist. He was a veteran of the War of 1812 and the first Jewish Commodore of the United States Navy. He was instrumental in helping to end the Navy's practice of flogging, and during his half-century-long service prevailed against the antisemitism he faced among some of his fellow naval officers.
An admirer of Thomas Jefferson, Levy purchased and began the restoration of Monticello in the 1830s; he also commissioned and donated a statue of Jefferson that is now located in the Capitol Rotunda; it is the only privately commissioned artwork in the Capitol.
Early years.
Levy was born on April 22, 1792, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Michael and Rachel Phillips Levy. He had two older siblings. Uriah Levy was close to his maternal grandfather, Jonas Phillips, who had emigrated to the United States in 1756 from Germany, and fought with the Philadelphia militia in the American Revolution. His maternal great-great grandfather, Dr. Samuel Ribeiro Nunes, a Portuguese physician, was among a group of 42 Sephardic Jews who escaped the Spanish Inquisition of the early 16th century and migrated to England, where they settled. Descendants of that group sailed from London in 1733 and helped found the city of Savannah, Georgia, where they lived for generations.
Levy's younger brother was Jonas Phillips Levy, who became a merchant and sea captain. He was the father of five, including the Congressman Jefferson Monroe Levy.
Family stories have it that Levy ran away from home at the age of ten and ended up serving on various vessels as a cabin boy, returning home to Philadelphia at age 13 for his bar mitzvah.
Career.
In 1806, he apprenticed as a sailor and was a cabin boy. Later he became a sailing master in the U.S. Navy, and fought in the Barbary Wars. At the age of 21, he volunteered for the War of 1812, in which he was a supernumerary sailing master on the , which interdicted British ships in the English Channel. The "Argus" seized more than 20 vessels before being captured; her captain was killed, and the crew, including Levy, were taken prisoner. They were imprisoned by Great Britain for sixteen months until the end of the war. During his captivity, Levy had difficulty obtaining a subsidy and parole because his status as a supernumerary was not understood by the British Transport Board.
Upon return to the United States, Levy served aboard the as second master. Levy was promoted to the rank of lieutenant in 1817. This commission was a rare feat, given that he started as a cabin boat and worked his way to being a sailing master. He became a master commandant in 1837, and captain in 1844.
During his tenure in the U.S. Navy, Levy faced considerable antisemitism. He reacted to slights and was court-martialed six times, and once demoted from the rank of Captain. Twice, he was dismissed from the Navy, but reinstated. He defended his conduct in his handling of naval affairs before a Court of Inquiry and in 1855 was restored to his former position.
Later, Levy commanded the Mediterranean fleet. He was promoted to the rank of Commodore, then the highest rank in the U.S. Navy.
Levy was instrumental in abolishing flogging in the U.S. Navy, although his position was considered controversial at the time. He also helped gain the support of the U.S Congress in passing an anti-flogging bill in 1850.
Levy became wealthy due to investing in New York City's real estate market.
Philanthropic activities.
Levy undertook various philanthropic endeavors, many of which were in support of Jewish-American life. In 1854 he sponsored the new Jewish seminary of the Bnai Jeshurun Educational Institute in New York.
In 1833, New York City gave Levy the Key to the City after he presented the city with a patinated plaster statue of Thomas Jefferson, the one used to cast the bronze version he gave to the U.S. Congress. Before the statue was set up in New York City Hall, Levy installed it in a building on Broadway and charged admission to view it. The proceeds were used to buy bread for the city's poor.
Monticello.
Levy was a great admirer of Thomas Jefferson:
"I consider Thomas Jefferson to be one of the greatest men in history, the author of the Declaration and an absolute democrat. He serves as an inspiration to millions of Americans. He did much to mould our Republic in a form in which a man's religion does not make him ineligible for political or governmental life."
In 1834, Levy paid $2,700 for the Monticello—which is equivalent to $ in today's dollars. Levy undertook to have the long-neglected home repaired, restored, and preserved. He also bought hundreds of additional acres that had been part of the plantation.
Levy used Monticello as a vacation home. From 1837 to 1839, his widowed mother lived there until her death; she is buried along Mulberry Row, the main plantation street adjacent to the mansion.
Upon Levy's death in 1862, Levy left Monticello to the American people to be used as an agricultural school for the orphans of Navy warrant officers. Due to the American Civil War, Congress refused to accept the donation. The Confederate government seized and sold the property; Levy's lawyers for his estate recovered the property after the war.
Following two lawsuits by family members over Levy's will, with 47 parties to the suit, in 1879 his nephew Jefferson Monroe Levy bought out the other heirs for $10,050, and took control of Monticello. He had it repaired and restored. He sold it in 1923 to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Foundation, which converted the property into a house museum.
The Levy family's role in preserving Monticello was downplayed by the Thomas Jefferson Foundation through much of the 20th century, apparently due to anti-Semitic views among its board and members.
In 1985, the Thomas Jefferson Foundation restored the gravesite of Rachel Levy and recognized descendants of the family in a ceremony. The Foundation also celebrates Uriah P. Levy's role in helping restore Monticello, including on-site information about their roles.
Jefferson statue.
In another tribute to Jefferson, Levy commissioned a bronze statue of the President while studying naval tactics in France; he donated it to Congress in 1834. T. The statue, which currently stands in the Capitol Rotunda is the only privately commissioned piece of artwork in the Capitol.
Personal life.
Levy served as the first president of the Washington Hebrew Congregation in Washington, DC.
At the age of 61, Levy married his 18-year-old niece Virginia Lopez.
Levy died on March 26, 1862, and was buried in Beth Olom Cemetery, Queens, associated with the Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue. He was the ranking officer of the navy at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2852940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852940" title="Greatest Hits 1977–1990">
Greatest Hits 1977–1990

Greatest Hits 1977–1990 is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It contained hit singles selected from their back catalogue from both EMI and Epic Records.
The album peaked at No. 4 on the UK Albums Chart and proved to be the band's best selling compilation, eventually spending 47 weeks in the chart (their longest UK chart residency with an individual release).

</doc>
<doc id="2852946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852946" title="Solvency">
Solvency

Solvency, in finance or business, is the degree to which the current assets of an individual or entity exceed the current liabilities of that individual or entity. Solvency can also be described as the ability of a corporation to meet its long-term fixed expenses and to accomplish long-term expansion and growth. This is best measured using the net liquid balance (NLB) formula. In this formula solvency is calculated by adding cash and cash equivalents to short-term investments, then subtracting notes payable.

</doc>
<doc id="2852949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852949" title="Envelope glycoprotein GP120">
Envelope glycoprotein GP120

Envelope glycoprotein GP120 (or gp120) is a glycoprotein exposed on the surface of the HIV envelope. The 120 in its name comes from its molecular weight of 120. Gp120 is essential for virus entry into cells as it plays a vital role in attachment to specific cell surface receptors. These receptors are DC-SIGN, Heparan Sulfate Proteoglycan and a specific interaction with the CD4 receptor, particularly on helper T-cells. Binding to CD4 induces the start of a cascade of conformational changes in gp120 and gp41 that lead to the fusion of the viral with the host cell membrane. Binding to CD4 is mainly electrostatic although there are van der Waals interactions and hydrogen bonds.
Gp120 is coded by the HIV "env" gene, which is around 2.5 kb long and codes for around 850 amino acids. The primary "env" product is the protein gp160, which gets cleaved to gp120 (~480 amino acids) and gp41 (~345 amino acids) in the endoplasmatic reticulum by the cellular protease furin. The crystal structure of core gp120 shows an organization with an outer domain, an inner domain with respect to its termini and a bridging sheet. Gp120 is anchored to the viral membrane, or envelope, via non-covalent bonds with the transmembrane glycoprotein, gp41. Three gp120s and gp41s combine in a trimer of heterodimers to form the envelope spike, which mediates attachment to and entry into the host cell.
Variability.
Since gp120 plays a vital role in the ability of HIV-1 to enter CD4+ cells, its evolution is of particular interest. Many neutralizing antibodies bind to sites located in variable regions of gp120, so mutations in these regions will be selected for strongly. The diversity of "env" has been shown to increase by 1-2% per year in HIV-1 group M and the variable units are notable for rapid changes in amino acid sequence length. Increases in gp120 variability result in significantly elevated levels of viral replication, indicating an increase in viral fitness in individuals infected by diverse HIV-1 variants. Further studies have shown that variability in potential N-linked glycosylation sites (PNGSs) also result in increased viral fitness. PNGSs allow for the binding of long-chain carbohydrates to the high variability regions of gp120, so the authors hypothesize that the number of PNGSs in "env" might affect the fitness of the virus by providing more or less sensitivity to neutralizing antibodies. The presence of large carbohydrate chains extending from gp120 might obscure possible antibody binding sites.
The boundaries of the potential to add and eliminate PNGSs are naively explored by growing viral populations following each new infection. While the transmitting host has developed a neutralizing antibody response to gp120, the newly infected host lacks immune recognition of the virus. Sequence data shows that initial viral variants in an immunologically naïve host have few glycosylation sites and shorter exposed variable loops. This may facilitate viral ability to bind host cell receptors. As the host immune system develops antibodies against gp120, immune pressures seem to select for increased glycosylation, particularly on the exposed variable loops of gp120. Consequently, insertions in "env", which confer more PNGSs on gp120 may be more tolerated by the virus as higher glycan density promotes the viral ability to evade antibodies and thus promotes higher viral fitness. In considering how much PNGS density could theoretically change, there may be an upper bound to PNGS number due to its inhibition of gp120 folding, but if the PNGS number decreases substantially, then the virus is too easily detected by neutralizing antibodies. Therefore, a stabilizing selection balance between low and high glycan densities is likely established. A lower number of bulky glycans improves viral replication efficiency and higher number on the exposed loops aids host immune evasion via disguise.
The relationship between gp120 and neutralizing antibodies is an example of Red Queen evolutionary dynamics. Continuing evolutionary adaptation is required for the viral envelope protein to maintain fitness relative to the continuing evolutionary adaptations of the host immune neutralizing antibodies, and vice-versa, forming a coevolving system.
Vaccine target.
Since CD4 receptor binding is the most obvious step in HIV infection, gp120 was among the first targets of HIV vaccine research. Efforts to develop HIV vaccines targeting gp120, however, have been hampered by the chemical and structural properties of gp120, which make it difficult for antibodies to bind to it. gp120 can also easily be shed from the surface of the virus and captured by T cells due to its loose binding with gp41. A conserved region in the gp120 glycoprotein that is involved in the metastable attachment of gp120 to CD4 has been identified and targeting of invariant region has been achieved with a broadly neutralising antibody, IgG1-b12.
NIH research published in Science reports the discovery of antibodies that bind 91% of HIV-1 strains at the CD4bs region of gp120 potentially offering a therapeutic and vaccine strategy. [http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/science.1187659]
Competition.
The protein gp120 is necessary during the initial binding of HIV to its target cell. Consequently, anything which binds to gp120 or its targets can block gp120 from binding to a cell by being physically in the way. Only one such agent, Maraviroc, which binds the co-receptor CCR5 is currently licensed and in clinical use. No agent targeting gp120's main first cellular interaction partner, CD4, is currently licensed since interfering with such a central molecule of the immune system can cause toxic side effects, such as the anti-CD4 monoclonal antibody OKT4. Targeting gp120 itself has proven extremely difficult due to its high degree of variability and shielding. BMS-663068 is a methyl phosphate prodrug of the small molecule inhibitor BMS-626529, which prevents viral entry by binding to the viral envelope gp120 and interfering with virus attachment to the host CD4 receptor. 
HIV dementia.
The HIV viral protein gp120 induces apoptosis of neuronal cells by inhibiting levels of furin and tissue plasminogen activator, enzymes responsible for converting pBDNF to mBDNF. gp120 induces mitochondrial-death proteins like caspases which may influence the upregulation of the death receptor Fas leading to apoptosis of neuronal cells, gp120 induces oxidative stress in the neuronal cells, and it is also known to activate STAT1 and induce interleukins IL-6 and IL-8 secretion in neuronal cells.

</doc>
<doc id="2852956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852956" title="Market sentiment">
Market sentiment

Market sentiment is the general prevailing attitude of investors as to anticipated price development in a market. This attitude is the accumulation of a variety of fundamental and technical factors, including price history, economic reports, seasonal factors, and national and world events.
For example, if investors expect upward price movement in the stock market, the sentiment is said to be bullish. On the contrary, if the market sentiment is bearish, most investors expect downward price movement. Market sentiment is usually considered as a contrarian indicator: what most people expect is a good thing to bet against. Market sentiment is used because it is believed to be a good predictor of market moves, especially when it is more extreme. Very bearish sentiment is usually followed by the market going up more than normal, and vice versa.
Market sentiment is monitored with a variety of technical and statistical methods such as the number of advancing versus declining stocks and new highs versus new lows comparisons. A large share of overall movement of an individual stock has been attributed to market sentiment The stock market's demonstration of the situation is often described as "all boats float or sink with the tide", in the popular Wall Street phrase ""the trend is your friend"".
Market sentiment, as such, might be acquired from more than one sentiment analytical tool. For example there could be just simple extraction of movement on stock exchange and validly called market sentiment. Another tool is to extract the news and media information based on their polarity. Yet another sub-subject might be community sentiment about the market movements (blogs, forums).
In the last decade, investors are also known to measure market sentiment through the use of news analytics, which include sentiment analysis on textual stories about companies and sectors.
The Acertus Market Sentiment Index (AMSI) is one indicator of market sentiment. AMSI incorporates five variables. In descending order of weight in the indicator they are Price/Earnings Ratio, a measure of stock market valuations; price momentum, a measure of market psychology; Realized Volatility, a measure of recent historical risk; High Yield Bond Returns, a measure of credit risk; and the TED Spread, a measure of systemic financial risk. Each of these factors provides a measure of market sentiment through a unique lens, and together they may offer a more robust indicator of market sentiment.

</doc>
<doc id="2852961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852961" title="Novecento">
Novecento

Novecento may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2852964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852964" title="John Dory">
John Dory

John Dory, also known as St Pierre or Peter's Fish, refers to fish of the genus "Zeus", especially "Zeus faber", of widespread distribution. It is an edible benthic coastal marine fish with a laterally compressed olive-yellow body which has a large dark spot, and long spines on the dorsal fin. The dark spot is used to flash an 'evil eye' if danger approaches. Its large eyes at the front of the head provide it with binocular vision and depth perception, which are important for predators. The John Dory’s eye spot on the side of its body also confuses prey, which are scooped up in its big mouth.
In New Zealand, Māori know it as "kuparu", and on the East Coast of the North Island, they gave some to Captain James Cook on his first voyage to New Zealand in 1769. Several casks of them were pickled.
Name.
Various explanations are given of the origin of the name. It may be an arbitrary or jocular variation of dory (itself from the French "dorée", gilded), or perhaps an allusion to John Dory, the hero of an old ballad. Others suggest that "John" derives from the French "jaune", yellow. The novel "An Antarctic Mystery" by Jules Verne gives another account, which has some popularity but is probably fanciful: "The legendary etymology of this piscatorial designation is Janitore, the 'door-keeper,' in allusion to St. Peter, who brought a fish said to be of that species, to Jesus at his command." (St. Peter is said to be keeper of the gates of Heaven, in Spanish it is known as "gallo" hence "door-keeper".) Considering that the other known names for the John Dory are the "St. Pierre", or "Peter's Fish", as referenced above, this seems the most likely etymological origin, and may also explain why dories were often referred to as Peter Boats (Saint Peter being the patron saint of fishermen). A related legend says that the dark spot on the fish's flank is St. Peter's thumbprint.
Morphology.
The John Dory grows to a maximum size of 65 cm (2 ft) and 3 kg (7 lb) in weight. It has 10 long spines on its dorsal fin and 4 spines on its anal fin. It has microscopic, sharp scales that run around the body. The fish is an olive green color with a silvery white belly and has a dark spot on its side. Its eyes are near the top of its head. It has a flat, round body shape and is a poor swimmer.
Prey and predators.
The John Dory usually gets its food by stalking it then extending its jaw forward in a tube like structure which provides suction to suck the fish in with some water. The water then flows out through the gills and the pre-maxilla bone, the only tooth bearing bone in this fish is used to grind it up. The John Dory eats a variety of fish, especially schooling fish, such as sardines. Occasionally they eat squid and cuttlefish.
Their predators are sharks, like the dusky shark, and large bony fish, and humans.
Habitat.
John Dory are coastal fish, found on the coasts of Africa, South East Asia, New Zealand, Australia, the coasts of Japan, and on the coasts of Europe. They live near the seabed, living in depths from 5 metres (15 ft) to 360 metres (1200 ft). They are normally solitary.
Reproduction and lifespan.
After they are 3 or 4 years of age they are usually ready to reproduce. This happens around the end of winter. They are substrate scatterers, which means that they release sperm and eggs into the water to fertilize. Typical lifespan is about 12 years in the wild. 

</doc>
<doc id="2852967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852967" title="Notharctus tenebrosus">
Notharctus tenebrosus

Notharctus tenebrosus was an early primate from the early Eocene, some 54-38 million years ago. Its fossil was found by Ferdinand V. Hayden in 1870 in southwestern Wyoming. When first found, "Notharctus tenebrosus" was thought to be a small pachyderm due to the concentration of pachyderm fossils in the area. 
However, after Walter W. Granger's discovery of a nearly complete skeleton, also in Wyoming, it was firmly established as a primate. "Notharctus tenebrosus" most resembles modern-day lemurs, although they are not directly related. 
"Notharctus tenebrosus" belonged to an extinct primate group known as Adapiformes and fossils have been found in Europe and North America. Adapiform primates were among the first primates to exhibit a set of adaptations for life in the trees, such as grasping hands, binocular vision, and flexible backs. 
"Notharctus" means false bear, while "tenebrosus" means dark or gloomy. "N. tenebrosus" is one of 5-12 species in the "Notharctus" genus.
Morphology.
"Notharctus tenebrosus" had a fused mandibular symphysis and molar teeth with well-developed shearing crests, while the incisors are peg-like in form. "Notharctus tenebrosus" had canine teeth that are sexually dimorphic. The upper molars of this species have a pseudohypocone and the snout is moderately long, with a long premaxillary bone. "Notharctus tenebrosus" had a lacrimal bone that was positioned at the end of the orbit but not anterior to it. The vertebral formula of "Notharctus tenebrosus" is 7 cervicals, 12 thoracics, 8 lumbars, 3 sacrals, and 19+ caudals. Observing the fossils, "Notharctus tenebrosus" had long hindlimbs, trunk, and tail. On the hands and feet, the pollex and hallux are large and opposable, and the fingers and toes are long and possess nails, while on the foot the calcaneus is relatively short. There is evidence that the species had a type of grooming claw, thought to be an intermediate between a grooming claw and a nail. "Notharctus tenebrosus" has an average body mass of 4.2 kilograms and was about 40 cm long without its tail.
Diet and locomotion.
Based on dental morphology, "Notharctus tenebrosus" most likely had a folivorous diet. 
Based upon limb bone morphology "Notharctus tenebrosus" most likely moved by leaping and was an arboreal quadruped.

</doc>
<doc id="2852971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852971" title="Santa Montefiore">
Santa Montefiore

Santa Montefiore, born Santa Palmer-Tomkinson (born 2 February 1970), is a British author. 
Santa is the sister of socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson. Her parents are Charles Palmer-Tomkinson and Patricia Palmer-Tomkinson, of Anglo-Argentine background. Her father represented Great Britain in skiing at Olympic level. Her family have been close friends of the Prince of Wales for over 30 years.
Montefiore was born in Winchester, and attended Hanford School from the age of eight to twelve. She then attended Sherborne School for Girls in Dorset.
Before reading Spanish and Italian at Exeter University, Montefiore worked for a year on an Argentine "estancia". She lived for much of the 1990s in Buenos Aires, where she befriended Máxima Zorreguieta Cerruti, now Queen Máxima of the Netherlands. Four of her books are set in Argentina. She is married to writer and historian Simon Sebag Montefiore and has two children, Lily and Sasha; she converted to Judaism before the marriage.  She is a socialite often featured in the gossip columns of upmarket magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="2852977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852977" title="Milkor BXP">
Milkor BXP

The BXP is a 9 mm submachine gun developed in the mid-1980s by the South African company Milkor (Pty) Ltd. It was qualified with Armscor in 1984 and then marketed by them for Milkor (Pty) Ltd. Due to international arms embargoes of Apartheid South Africa, the country was forced to design and manufacture their own weapons. The weapon was intended for use by security forces.
Design details.
The weapon is manufactured in semi-automatic for security and automatic for military use. The automatic version fires from the open bolt, while the semi-automatic version fires from the closed bolt. Both versions are blowback operated. The bolt wraps around the rear of the barrel when closed, saving on overall length. The cocking handle is located at the top of the receiver. The BXP has an ambidextrous safety lever and a separate fire mode selector built into the trigger. The military-use version can be fired in single-shot mode by partially pressing the trigger, or in full-auto mode by fully pressing the trigger. There is also an interceptor notch that catches the bolt if it is released during the cocking but prior to activating the sear. The weapon is coated with a rust-resistant coating which doubles as a dry lubricant.
Owing to a wide variety of muzzle devices (including silencers, heat shields, and even rifle grenades), the weapon can be used to fire non-lethal and explosive projectiles by the means of blank cartridge, as well as normal ammunition. The BXP also features an underfolding buttstock, made from stamped steel. The standard sights are of open type, but the BXP can be equipped with laser aiming modules and collimating sights.
The gun fires at a relatively high rate of about 1000 rounds per minute, and is well-balanced and reasonably accurate with a barrel length of . It can be fired single-handedly by folding the stock forward to form a solid foregrip.

</doc>
<doc id="2852989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852989" title="Budget Enforcement Act of 1990">
Budget Enforcement Act of 1990

The Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (, title XIII; ; codified as amended at scattered sections of 2 U.S.C. & ) was enacted by the United States Congress as title XIII of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 to enforce the deficit reduction accomplished by that law and revise the budget control process of the Federal Government. The Act created two new budget control processes: a set of caps on annually-appropriated spending, and a "pay-as-you-go" or "PAYGO" process for entitlements and taxes. The law departed from the fixed deficit targets of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Balanced Budget Act and imposed no penalty if the deficit for a given year grew outside the Office of Management and Budget "Snapshot" or deficit estimate, provided this budget growth was out of Congress' control.
From the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990:
The act has since been extended several times, most recently with the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. It expired in 2002, but the Democratic Majority adopted some of its principles, known as PAYGO, or Pay-As-You-Go, in their rules during the 110th Congress. This was passed as H. RES. 6
on January 4, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2852994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852994" title="Ochanomizu">
Ochanomizu

Ochanomizu is famous for its many musical instrument stores, as well as ski and snowboard shops located a short walk from the station; it is known as the "go-to" district for bargain-conscious musicians and sportsmen.
"Ocha-no-mizu" literally means "tea water", after the nearby Kanda River from which water was extracted to make the shogun's tea during the Edo period.
Ochanomizu Station (both JR and Marunouchi lines) is convenient to access Yushima Seidō, Yushima Tenjin, and Kanda Myōjin.

</doc>
<doc id="2852997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2852997" title="Green violetear">
Green violetear

The Green Violetear ("Colibri thalassinus") is a medium-sized, metallic green hummingbird species commonly found in forested areas from Mexico to northern South America.
Taxonomy.
The Green Violetear belongs to the order Apodiformes. Hummingbirds share this order with the swifts, such as the white-collared swift. The name Apodiformes is derived from the Greek words "a pous," meaning "without foot." While apodiforms do in fact have feet, they are quite small and their legs are short and relatively weak. Many birds in this order cannot walk, and thus rarely if ever land on the ground since quick escape from predators is virtually impossible. For this reason members of this order spend a majority of their time in the air.
The violetear genus ("Colibri") includes three other species: Sparkling Violetear, Brown Violetear, and White-vented Violetear. The Green and Sparkling violetears are similar in appearance and overlap in range but are generally found at different altitudes and in different habitats. These three hummingbirds are characterized by their violet ear patches. In all three species there is no strong sexual dimorphism.
Description.
Physical.
The Green Violetear is roughly medium-sized by hummingbird standards. It averages around in total length. Its bill is black and mostly straight with only a slight downward curve and measures from . The body mass can vary from . Among standard measurements, the wing chord is and the tail is . It is shining green above with a glittering violet ear-patch on the sides of its neck. Its throat and chest are a more glittering green with a shining green belly. The tail is a metallic blue-green with more bronzy central feathers and a prominent black subterminal band.
Vocalizations.
Solitary males sing from high, exposed twigs in their territory every day. Their song is a monotonously repeated sharp and dry “tsu-tzeek” at a rate of about one call per second.
Distribution and habitat.
Distribution.
The Green Violetear breeds from the highlands of southern Mexico south to Honduras; the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama; mountains of northern Venezuela, and the Andes from western Venezuela to western Bolivia. It is a rare but annual nonbreeding visitor to the United States, primarily southern and central Texas, with scattered records as far north as extreme southern Canada.
Habitat.
Common habitats for the Green Violetear is in the canopy and borders of subtropical and lower temperate forest, secondary woodland and scrub, and clearings and gardens in the subtropical zone on both slopes of the Andes. It is recorded mostly between altitudes of 1200 to 2300m, though they will sometimes wander as far down as 500m in search of food sources. It generally prefers more humid and high-altitude areas, such as cloud forests, than the similar Sparkling Violetear and is completely absent from the central valley where the Sparkling Violetear is most prevalent. However, the two species will sometimes be seen in the same areas feeding at flowering "Inga" trees.
Behavior.
Diet.
The Green Violetear forages alone but tends to gather at flowering trees, especially coffee-shade "Inga". They feed at mid-level to canopy and often hold and defend a feeding territory. They primarily feed on nectar and small insects. The Green Violetear has been recorded as attaining the greatest flying speed ever recorded for a hummingbird, with a pair of birds having attained during a chase, although other species may be able to attain similar speeds.
Breeding.
Like most hummingbirds, the Green Violetear is a solitary nester. The male’s only involvement in the breeding process is to attract and mate with the female. The female is then responsible for choosing a nest location, generally on a low, small horizontal branch in a protected area. The nest is small and built from various plant materials, spider webs, and down woven together to form a sturdy cup structure. Two small white eggs are laid within the nest and the female incubates them on her own. Incubation time is 14–18 days. Hatchlings are primarily fed insects due to high nutritional requirements. No information was found on the length of the nestling stage or age at fledgling. Breeding takes place though the wet season into the early dry season, which varies by latitude.
Migration.
Seasonal movements of the Green Violetear are not well understood. Many individuals of northern populations move south or and/or to lower elevations following the end of the breeding season (July to November in Mexico), but regular occurrence hundreds of kilometers north of this range suggests a more complex migration strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="2853013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853013" title="Boulevard Bridge">
Boulevard Bridge

Boulevard Bridge in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia is a toll bridge which carries State Route 161 across the James River.
At long, the Boulevard Bridge was completed in 1925. It was privately owned and financed by the Boulevard Bridge Corporation for the purpose of providing access to the new Westover Hills neighborhood in South Richmond, where one of the selling points of the homes was free bridge access. It is named for The Boulevard, a main route through Richmond that ends just north of the bridge in Byrd Park. For many years, 5-cent tolls were collected at a toll booth midway on the span, and it became widely known as the "Nickel Bridge". Some years later, tolls were increased to 10 cents, and the nickname became the "Dime Bridge". However, despite all subsequent toll increases, it is still known today as the "nickel bridge" to many locals.
Initially, the early toll-barrier was located in the middle of the span (actually above the north shore of the river between the canal and the north end), because all the property on either side except the right-of-way for the roadway itself was owned by others, and the toll barrier at that location could be erected at no additional land acquisition expense. It was certainly not possible to circumvent paying the toll at that location. The toll booths were relocated to a plaza north of the bridge in the mid-1960s.
During the years of ownership by the Boulevard Bridge Corporation, Westover Hills residents were given free access across the bridge by the use of a special license plate that was attached below the state plates on their cars. These plates had to be applied for and were also sold to the general public. They were changed each year, and in the last years before Richmond Metropolitan Authority (RMA) control, windshield stickers were used.
On November 24, 1969, the RMA, which was building Richmond's new expressway system at the time, purchased the Boulevard Bridge for $1.2 million. The toll on the bridge was kept at 10 cents until 1988, when it was doubled to 20 cents.
In August 1992, the RMA closed the bridge for 18 months to complete extensive renovation work, which included widening the existing lanes, installing new toll booths and equipment on the north end of the bridge, and improving safe access for bicycles and pedestrians. The bridge reopened in October 1993. The toll was increased again in 1998 to 25 cents. In 2008, the RMA increased the tolls on all of its roads, bringing the Boulevard Bridge to its current rate of 35 cents. Despite the renovation work in the early 1990s, weight restrictions on the bridge limit vehicles to under 7,500 lbs.

</doc>
<doc id="2853023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853023" title="Chudów">
Chudów

Chudów (German "Chudow" also "Chutow") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gierałtowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in the historical region of Lesser Poland. It lies approximately east of Gierałtowice, south-east of Gliwice, and west of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 1,493 (2012).
History.
Chudów, along with neighbouring Gierałtowice, was a privately owned village purchased in 1532 by the Silesian nobility House of Saszowski family, and is famous for its 16th-century Renaissance castle residence, built by the nobleman and scion John Saszowski of Gierałtowic (alias Gierałtowski of Gierałtowic). The village remained a part of the House of Saszowski estates and a residence of its branch scions alias Gieraltowski of Gieraltowic until the first half of 17th-century. Historical sources say, it was one of the most magnificent castle residences in Upper Silesia, host to many banquets and hunting activities, in later times even included its own castle brewery and inn.
In 1706 new owners of the castle was the family of Foglarów. After 1768, the castle changed owners quite often, losing in importance. In 1837, the castle owner Alexander von Bally, made several reconstructions to the original design of the castle. The castle suffered severe fire damage in 1875, and its last owner left it as a picturesque ruin. Abandoned to ruin since the late 19th-century, only parts of the walls, four-sided tower and outline of the moat survived to present-day. In 1995, the newly founded Chudów Castle Foundation, has since began gradual castle restoration and reconstruction work. Since 1966 the castle ruin is under registration No. A/568 categorized as of significant cultural value and tracked as objects of cultural heritage in Poland by the National Heritage Board of Poland.
In an already restored tower, there is a small museum that shows one of the most interesting exhibitions of medieval ceramic oven tiles in Poland, which were found at the castle during restoration works and archaeological excavations.
Since 2000, every year in August the Chudów Castle Foundation organizes medieval fairs along with historical reenactments of medieval tournaments and warfare on Chudów castle grounds.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2853028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853028" title="1990 Palanca Awards">
1990 Palanca Awards

The Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature winners in the year 1990 (rank, title of winning entry, name of author):
__NOTOC__
English Division.
Novel
Short Story
Charlson Ong, “A Tropical Winter's Tale”<br>
Vicar Rosales, “Islas”<br>
Isagani R. Cruz, “Once Upon A Time Some Years From Now”<br>
Victorino Manalo, “The Hunting Season”<br>
Isagani R. Cruz, “What I Did Last Summer”
Short Story for Children
Essay
Poetry
One-Act Play
Full-Length Play
Filipino Division.
Nobela
Maikiling Kuwento
Maikling Kuwentong Pambata
Reynaldo A. Duque, “Angalo at Aran”
Sanaysay
Tula
Dulang May Isang Yugto
Dulang Ganap ang Haba
Dulang Pantelebisyon

</doc>
<doc id="2853049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853049" title="Hopkins syndrome">
Hopkins syndrome

Hopkins syndrome is a neurological disorder. Its cause has not been established, but its association with asthma exacerbations (usually with a respiratory infection as a trigger) has led to suspicion that the initial viral insult that causes the respiratory infection is also implicated in the subsequent paralysis. Herpes simplex virus type I DNA has been found in the cerebrospinal fluid of at least one patient diagnosed with Hopkins syndrome. In several cases, anti-viral antibody titers for echovirus, enterovirus, coxsackievirus and poliovirus types 1, 2 and 3 were specifically sought; all were negative., There is one reported case in which "Mycoplasma pneumoniae" infection was found in the patient.
The syndrome appears to involve the spinal cord: specifically, the anterior horn cells subserving the affected muscles are often damaged. The evidence for anterior horn cell involvement comes from radiological , and electromyographical studies. In one case, a biopsy of an affected muscle "revealed scattered atrophic fibers, indicating lesions in the anterior horn cells of the spinal cord".
As the illness is rare, no treatments have been subjected to a randomized controlled trial. Acyclovir, steroids and therapeutic plasma exchange have been tried; one report suggests that the latter is more effective than steroidal therapy. The prognosis for recovery of function of the affected limbs is generally considered to be poor.

</doc>
<doc id="2853054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853054" title="Watcyn Thomas">
Watcyn Thomas

Watcyn Thomas (16 January 1906 – 10 August 1977) was a Welsh rugby union player who captained Wales in the early 1930s.
Thomas was born in Llanelli and educated at Llanelli County School and at University College, Swansea. While still at school he was the first captain of the newly formed Welsh Secondary Schools XV in 1924. He then joined Llanelli RFC, moving to Swansea in December 1927. A teacher by profession, he moved to St Helens to teach at Cowley Grammar School in 1929, and played rugby for Waterloo and Lancashire, captaining Lancashire to the championship in 1934-35.
After Llanelli's victory against the touring New Zealand Maoris, he won his first cap for Wales against England in 1927. Against Scotland in 1931 he played for 70 minutes with a broken collarbone and scored a try. As captain he led Wales to victory over England at Twickenham in 1933, overcoming the "Twickenham bogey" that had haunted Wales. However, after the match against Ireland the same year, Thomas fell out with the selectors, who had selected a prop as flanker and a flanker as prop for the match. Thomas ignored this and played them in their usual positions, and never played for Wales again.
In 1936 he moved to Birmingham to teach at King Edward VI School Aston, and died there in 1977. An extension to a building at the school, opened in May 2008, is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2853065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853065" title="Historicism (Christianity)">
Historicism (Christianity)

Historicism is a method of interpretation in Christian eschatology which associates biblical prophecies with actual historical events and identify symbolic beings with historical persons or societies. The Historicist school of prophetic interpretation results in a progressive and continuous fulfillment of prophecy and contained the viewpoint of almost all Protestant Reformers from the Reformation into the 19th century. The main texts of interest are apocalyptic literature, such as the Book of Daniel and the Book of Revelation, and historicist methods have been applied to ancient Jewish history, the Roman Empire, Islam, the Papacy, the Modern era and even into the End time.
Overview.
Historicism was the belief held by the majority of the Protestant Reformers including Martin Luther, John Calvin, Thomas Cranmer, and others including John Thomas, John Knox, and Cotton Mather while the Catholic church tried to counter it with alternative views such as those put forward by the Jesuit Luis de Alcasar during the Counter Reformation.. This alternate view, served to bolster the Catholic Church's position against attacks by Protestants, and is viewed as a Catholic defense against the Protestant Historicist view which identified the Roman Catholic Church as a persecuting apostasy and the Pope with the Anti-Christ.
Historicists claim that prophetic interpretation reveals the entire course of history of the church from the close of the 1st century to the end of time. Historicist interpretations have been criticized for inconsistencies, conjectures, and speculations. There is no agreement about various outlines of church history. Historicist readings of the Book of Revelation have been revised as new events occur and new figures emerge on the world scene.
One of the most influential aspects of the Protestant historicist paradigm was the speculation that the Pope could be Antichrist. Martin Luther wrote this view, which was not novel, into the Smalcald Articles of 1537. It was then widely popularized in the 16th century, via sermons and drama, books and broadside publication. Jesuit commentators developed alternate approaches that would later become known as preterism and futurism, and applied them to apocalyptic literature; Francisco Ribera developed a form of futurism (1590), and Luis de Alcazar a form of preterism, at the same period.
The historicist approach has been used in attempts to predict the date of the end of the world. An example in post-Reformation Britain is in the works of Charles Wesley, who predicted that the end of the world would occur in 1794, based on his analysis of the Book of Revelation. Adam Clarke, whose commentary was published in 1831, proposed a possible date of 2015 for the end of the papal power.
In 19th-century America, William Miller proposed that the end of the world would occur on October 22, 1844, based on a historicist model used with Daniel 8:14. Miller’s historicist approach to the Book of Daniel spawned a national movement in the United States known as Millerism. After the Great Disappointment some of the Millerites eventually organized the Seventh-day Adventist Church, which continues to maintain a historicist reading of biblical prophecy as essential to its eschatology.
Historiography.
Early interpretations.
Prophetic commentaries in the early church usually interpreted individual passages rather than entire books. The earliest complete commentary on the Book of Revelation was carried out by Victorinus of Pettau, considered to be one of the earliest historicist commentators, around 300 AD. Edward Bishop Elliott, a proponent of the historicist interpretation, wrote that it was modified and developed by the expositions of Andreas, Primasius (both 6th century), Bede (730 AD), Anspert, Arethas, Haimo of Auxerre, and Berengaudus (all of the 9th century). The 10th-century Catholic bishop Arnulf of Orléans was, according to Elliott, the first to apply the Man of Sin prophecy in to the papacy. Joachim of Floris gave the same interpretation in 1190, and the archbishop Eberhard II, in 1240.
Protestant.
Protestant Reformers had a major interest in historicism, with a direct application to their struggle against the Papacy. Prominent leaders and scholars among them, including Martin Luther, John Calvin, Thomas Cranmer, John Thomas, John Knox, and Cotton Mather, identified the Roman Papacy as the Antichrist. The Centuriators of Magdeburg, a group of Lutheran scholars in Magdeburg headed by Matthias Flacius, wrote the 12-volume "Magdeburg Centuries" to discredit the papacy and identify the pope as the Antichrist. The fifth round of talks in the Lutheran-Roman Catholic dialogue notes,
William Tyndale, an English Protestant reformer, held that while the Roman Catholic realms of that age were the empire of Antichrist, any religious organization that distorted the doctrine of the Old and New Testaments also showed the work of Antichrist. In his treatise "The Parable of the Wicked Mammon", he expressly rejected the established Church teaching that looked to the future for an Antichrist to rise up, and he taught that Antichrist is a present spiritual force that will be with us until the end of the age under different religious disguises from time to time. Tyndale's translation of 2 Thessalonians, chapter 2, concerning the "man of lawlessness" reflected his understanding, but was significantly amended by later revisers, including the King James Bible committee, which followed the Vulgate more closely.
Rather than expecting a single Antichrist to rule the earth during a future Tribulation period, Luther, John Calvin and other Protestant reformers saw the Antichrist as a present feature in the world of their time, fulfilled in the papacy. Debated features of the Reformation historicist interpretations were the identification of; the Antichrist (1 and 2 John); the Beasts of Revelation 13; the Man of Sin (or Man of Lawlessness) in 2 Thessalonians 2; the "Little horn" of Daniel 7 and 8, and the Whore of Babylon (Revelation 17).
Isaac Newton's religious views on the historicist approach are in the work published in 1733, after his death, "Observations upon the Prophesies of the Book of Daniel, and the Apocalypse of St. John". It took a stance toward the papacy similar to that of the early Protestant reformers. He avoided predictions based on prophetic literature, taking the view that prophesy when it has been shown to be fulfilled will be proof that God's providence has been imminently active in the world. This work regarded much prophesy as already fulfilled in the first millennium of the Christian era.
Modern.
The 19th century was a significant watershed in the history of prophetic thought. While the historicist paradigm, together with its pre- or postmillennialism, the day-year principle, and the view of the papal Antichrist, was dominant in English Protestant scholarship during much of the period from the Reformation to the middle of the 19th century (and continues to find expression in some groups today), it was not the only one on offer in the broader pre- or non-critical marketplace. Arising in Great Britain and Scotland, William Kelly and other Plymouth Brethren became the leading exponents of dispensationalist premillennial eschatology. By 1826, literalist interpretation of prophecy took hold and dispensationalism saw the light of day. The dispensationalist interpretation derived from the historicist model of interpreting Daniel and Revelation and the theory that there was a gap in prophetic fulfillment of prophecy proposed by Futurism, but dispensationalism took a decidedly anti-Catholic position.
Historicist views.
Daniel.
Visions of Daniel.
The Protestant historicist interpretation of the four kingdoms, in the Book of Daniel, is the following traditional view: Neo-Babylon, Medo-Persia, Greece under Alexander the Great and the Roman Empire. Additionally, the "little horn" in Daniel 7:8 and Daniel 8:9 is viewed by historicists as the Papacy.
Adam Clarke, writing in 1825, offered an alternative 1260-year period from 755 AD to 2015, based upon the Pope's elevation from being a subject of the Byzantine Empire to being the independent head of the Papal States by means of the Donation of Pepin.
Prophecy of Seventy Weeks.
The vision of the "70 weeks" is interpreted as dealing with the Jewish nation from about the middle of the 5th century BCE until not long after the death of Jesus in the 1st century CE and so is not concerned with current or future history. Historicists consider Antiochus Epiphanies irrelevant to the fulfillment of the prophecy.
The historicist view of Adventists on the prophecy of seventy weeks, in Daniel 9, stretches from to , and that the refers to the events of Jesus Christ's ministry. The Seventh-day Adventist interpretation of Daniel chapter 9 presents the 490 years as an uninterrupted period. Like others before them they equate the beginning of the 70 weeks "from the time the word goes out to rebuild and restore Jerusalem," of Daniel 9:25 with the decree by Artaxerxes I in 458/7 BCE which provided money for rebuilding the temple and Jerusalem and allowed for restoration of a Jewish administration. It ends 3½ years after the crucifixion. The appearance of "Messiah the Prince" at the end of the 69 weeks (483 years) is aligned with Jesus' baptism in 27 CE, in the fifteenth year of Tiberius Caesar. The 'cutting off' of the "anointed one" refers to the crucifixion 3½ years after the end of the 483 years, bringing "atonement for iniquity" and "everlasting righteousness". Jesus is said to 'confirm' the "covenant" between God and mankind by his death on the cross in the Spring (about Easter time) of 31 CE "in the midst of" the last seven years. At the moment of his death the 4 inch (10 cm) thick curtain between the Holy and Most Holy Places in the Temple ripped from top to bottom marking the end of the Temple's sacrificial system. The last week ends 3½ years after the crucifixion (i.e., in 34 CE) when the gospel was redirected from only the Jews to all peoples.
Some of the representative voices among exegetes of the last 150 years are E. W. Hengstenberg, J. N. Andrews, E. B. Pusey, J. Raska, J. Hontheim, Boutflower, Uriah Smith, and O. Gerhardt.
The historicist view of Jehovah's Witnesses on the "prophecy of seventy weeks" is that the timeframe spanned from 455 BCE to 29 CE, with the final "week" being fulfilled by 36 CE.
Matthew.
Most historicists see Matthew's reference to "great tribulation" () as parallel to Revelation 6:12–13, having an end when Christ returns.
Historicists believe that mankind has always been in the Tribulation and point to the following in the rest of the New Testament which shows the "tribulation", that almost every reference applies to what true Christians go through, rather than what they escape from.
() - Jesus Christ said to His followers, "In the world YOU shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world."
() - Paul wrote of the many "persecutions and tribulations" which "the churches of God" were enduring in the 1st century (Christians were thrown to the lions in the coliseum, eaten by wild dogs, burned at the stake and lit up as torches in Nero's garden).
() - God's final people "came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb." They did not escape it, but endured through it, being purified.
This gives clear biblical evidence that Christians have always gone through "tribulation" and will endure tribulations until the end.
This view is also called Classical Posttribulationism, an original theory of the Post-tribulation rapture view which holds the position that the church has always been in the tribulation because, during its entire existence, it has always suffered persecution and trouble. They believe that the tribulation is not a literal future event.
Historicist have also applied the Tribulation to the period known as "persecution of the saints" as related to Daniel 7 and Revelation 13.

</doc>
<doc id="2853066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853066" title="Boulangerite">
Boulangerite

Boulangerite is a sulfosalt mineral, lead antimony sulfide, formula Pb5Sb4S11. It was named in 1837 in honor of French mining engineer Charles Boulanger (1810–1849). It forms metallic grey monoclinic crystals. Sometimes the crystals form a fine feathery mass which has been called plumosite. Boulangerite is used as a lead ore.

</doc>
<doc id="2853092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853092" title="Pallavi Anu Pallavi">
Pallavi Anu Pallavi

Pallavi Anupallavi is a Kannada film released in 1983, in which Indian director Mani Ratnam made his directorial debut. The movie starred Anil Kapoor in his first leading role. The film deals with an unconventional plot of a male in love with an older female played by the popular actress Lakshmi. Another South Indian director, Balu Mahendra, was the cinematographer for this movie. The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.The film was not a commercial success but was critically acclaimed. "Pallavi Anu Pallavi"'s Telugu-dubbed version was released in 1989.
Plot.
Having pledged his love for Madhu (Kiran Vairale), Vijay (Anil Kapoor) finds himself entwined in a close friendship with Anu (Lakshmi), a married woman separated from her husband. Vijay grapples with the definition of love, treading the fine line between trust and attraction, amidst tremendous societal pressures. He is confused whether he loves Anu, an older woman, yet knows that Madhu is ready to accept him as a husband. Amid all this is his youthful streak of rebellion, ready to take on the world despite the taboos attached.

</doc>
<doc id="2853095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853095" title="Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra">
Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra

The Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra (Sanskrit; ), or "The Sutra of the Fundamental Vows of the Earth-store Bodhisattva" is a Mahāyāna sūtra teaching about the bodhisattva Kṣitigarbha, and is one of the more popular sūtras in Chinese Buddhism. The sutra tells of how Kṣitigarbha became a bodhisattva by making great vows to rescue other sentient beings, and a description of how he followed filial piety in his past lifetimes. The sutra also expounds at length the retributions of unwholesome karma, descriptions of Buddhist hells, and the benefits of good merit both great and small.
History.
The "Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra" was first translated from the Sanskrit into Chinese in the 7th century during the Tang Dynasty by the Tripiṭaka master Śikṣānanda, a Buddhist monk from Khotan who also provided a new translation of the "Avataṃsaka Sūtra" and the "Laṅkāvatāra Sūtra". However, some scholars have suspected that instead of being translated, this text may have originated in China, since no Sanskrit manuscripts of this text have been found. Part of the reason for suspicion is that the text advocates filial piety, which was stereotypically associated with Chinese culture. Since then, other scholars such as Gregory Schopen have pointed out that Indian Buddhism also had traditions of filial piety. Currently there is no clear evidence indicating either an Indian or Chinese origin for the text.
Contents.
There are a total of thirteen chapters in the "Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra", which are divided into three sections. The teaching is presented in the form of a dialogue between the Buddha and Kṣitigarbha, and takes place in Trāyastriṃśa Heaven, located on the top of the Sumeru mountain, in front of a vast multitude of buddhas, bodhisattvas, devas and ghosts. Immediately prior to his departure from this world, the Buddha manifested in the Trāyastriṃśa heavens so that he might repay the kindness of his mother, Queen Māyā, who dwelt there, by speaking the Dharma on her behalf.
After the death of Sakyamuni Buddha, there would be no Buddha on Earth until the appearance of the Bodhisattva Maitreya over a few billion years later, who is to become the next Buddha. During this transition period, in the era between the death of Sakyamuni Buddha and the rise of Maitreya Buddha, Sakyamuni Buddha assigned and delegated to Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha to act on his behalf, in order to save the sentient beings.
This sutra is fundamentally a teaching concerning karmic retribution, graphically describing the consequences one creates for oneself by committing undesirable actions. This sutra also deals with filial piety – not only that between oneself and one's parents, but also in an ultimate sense of a universal code of duty or responsibility for all living beings. In Chapter Ten, for example, the Buddha frequently mentions the benefits of dedicating any good merit done to all sentient beings: 

</doc>
<doc id="2853100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853100" title="Hyperbolus">
Hyperbolus

Hyperbolus (Ancient Greek: , "Hypérbolos") was an Athenian politician active during the first half of the Peloponnesian war, coming to particular prominence after the death of Cleon.
Like Cleon, he counts as a demagogue, one who exercised power solely through speech in the assembly. It appears that like other such leaders he was wealthy. He is referred to by Aristophanes in the play Peace as having been a lampmaker previous to being a political figure.
Hyperbolus is universally reviled in the sources, even more so than his predecessor: both are associated with an alleged decline in Athenian political culture leading to the loss of the war with Sparta. Thucydides 8.73 is particularly vicious. In attacks on him with comedy he is represented as being of slavish and foreign background, both of which are improbable.
Sometime in the years 417-415 BC he was ostracised, perhaps the last person to be subject to the practice. Accounts of this ostracism by Plutarch describe a complex struggle with Nicias and Alcibiades, where Hyperbolos tried to bring about the ostracism of one of this pair but they combined their influence to induce the people to expel Hyperbolos instead. The validity of Plutarch's take on these events, however, is hard to gauge. Hyperbolus went to live on the island of Samos where he was murdered in 411 BC by oligarchic revolutionaries around the time of the coup of the 400 that for several months suppressed the democracy at Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="2853110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853110" title="Luke Chueh">
Luke Chueh

Luke Chueh (born March 7, 1973) is an artist, and is generally considered to be a member of the lowbrow, or pop surrealism, art movement, though he has disdain for the term. He is a painter and graphic designer active in the artist community in Los Angeles. Originally from Philadelphia, he grew up in the Central California agricultural community of Fresno, California. He was formally trained in Graphic Design at California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. During that period, he also worked for guitar manufacturing company Ernie Ball, as an illustrator and designer. His works during that time garnered him several awards, from such notable publications as Communication Arts and Print Magazine. During this time, he was also a publisher of a 'zine focused on intelligent dance music.
His images have been remarked upon for their juxtaposition of cuteness with the macabre. His paintings and illustrations are noted for bringing together influences as diverse as Mark Rothko and Sanrio. His work stems from the intolerance he suffered as a child growing up as a Chinese-American.
In an interview with Art Prostitute Magazine he stated that he is influenced by his contemporaries utilizing strong illustrative elements. He mentioned Chiho Aoshima, Marcel Dzama, Jeremy Fish, Camille Rose Garcia, Barry McGee, Takashi Murakami, Yoshitomo Nara, Mark Ryden, and Ralph Steadman.
In his recent work, he has designed the album artwork for Fall Out Boy's album "Folie à Deux" (2008). In 2004, he designed a limited edition wallet for Poketo.

</doc>
<doc id="2853113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853113" title="Ahlawat">
Ahlawat

The Ahlawat are a gotra (clan) of Jat people.

</doc>
<doc id="2853114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853114" title="Jinhua">
Jinhua

Its population was 5,361,600 at the 2010 census including 1,077,300 in the built-up area. One can notice that the cities of Dongyang and Yiwu are now in the same agglomeration, a built-up area of 2,038,400 inhabitants bigger than the one of Jinhua itself.
Jinhua is rich in red soil and forest resources. The longest river Jinhua River (or Wu River) flows through Lan River, Fuchun River and Qiantang River, and reaches the Grand Canal and other coastal ports.
The city is best known for its dry-cured Jinhua ham.
History and culture.
The history of Jinhua goes back to the 2nd century BC, when it was a county subordinate to Shaoxing. It was given the name Jinhua under the Sui dynasty in 598, and later became the seat of a prefecture. The present city and its walls date to the time of the Mongol emperors in 1352.
The most famous native of Jinhua is the Immortal Huang, a Daoist holy man of the 4th century, whose descendants still live in the area. Wuyang Shan (Reclining Sheep Mountain) is said to be a sheep which was turned to stone by the Immortal Huang, a trick which he learned through his years of diligently studying Daoism. 
Economically Jinhua has always prospered from its position as the regional collecting and processing center for agricultural and forestry products (chiefly rice and bamboo). It is currently the second most important grain producing area in Zhejiang. In 1985 Jinhua was promoted to City status, and now is responsible for administering four cities, four counties and a district. Animals raised there include dairy cattle, meat hogs (for the production of Jinhua ham, a famous local product for 900 years) and honeybees. Jinhua's industrial sector has developed more recently, producing machinery, metallurgy, pharmaceuticals, building supplies and electrical and electronic equipment.
The Tang dynasty painter Guan Xiu (Kuan-hsiu) was born in Jinhua. He is known for his paintings of Buddhist holy men.
There are numerous scenic and historical sites in the Jinhua region, including many places associated with the Immortal Huang, and a palace of the Dukes of the
Taiping Heavenly Kingdom.
Geography.
Jinhua is located at latitudes 28° 32'−29° 41' N and longitudes 119° 14'−120° 46' E in the center of Zhejiang. It borders Hangzhou to the northwest, Quzhou to the southwest, Lishui to the south, Taizhou to the east, and Shaoxing to the northeast.
Climate.
Jinhua has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cfa") with four distinctive seasons, characterised by hot, humid summers and chilly, cloudy and drier winters (with occasional snow). The mean annual temperature is , with monthly daily averages ranging from in January to in July. The city receives an average annual rainfall of and is affected by the plum rains of the Asian monsoon in June, when average relative humidity also peaks.
Administrative divisions.
The prefecture-level city of Jinhua administers 9 county-level divisions, including 2 districts, 4 county-level cities and 3 counties.
These are further divided into 191 township-level divisions, including 107 towns, 73 townships and 11 subdistricts.
Economy.
Jinhua has a rather flexible economic system with distinctive economic characteristics in different areas. Its economic structure is largely dependent on private sector activity. 90% of enterprises are in the private sector. Up to 88% of its GDP comes from the private sector.
Industry.
Jinhua enjoys an advanced civilian-owned economy, with its industry mainly supported by processing and manufacturing. Leading industries of the City include clothing and textile, mechanics and electronics, pharmacy and chemistry, manufacturing crafts, metalwork processing architecture and building materials, automobile-and-motorcycle accessories, food processing, plastic ware, etc.
Industries are distributed with different characteristics in different counties or county-level cities. For instance, Yiwu is characterized by its light-industry commodities, Yongkang by its automobile-and-motorcycle accessories and mechanical and electric tools, Dongyang by its clothing, architecture and magnetic materials, the City Proper by its pharmacy, construction materials and industrial measures, Lanxi by its non-ferrous metal, cement, towels and daily chemicals, and Pujiang by its textile, lockmaking, and lantern ornaments of crystals, etc.
Handicraft.
Traditional handicrafts have been flourishing in Jinhua. The wood carving and bamboo weaving in Dongyang, the straw plaiting, lace purling and crystals carving in Pujiang, and the hardware crafts in Yongkang, all enjoy a long history of development and the products sell well both abroad and at home.
Transportation.
Jinhua is approximately three hours by car from Shanghai.
There is also the D-train which will take approximately 2.5 hours, or about four hours by ordinary train.
Jinhua enjoys convenient transportation, being the communications center in Southeast China between coastal and inland areas, and one of the major hubs of landway transportation in the country. The Zhejiang-Jiangxi, Jinhua-Wenzhou and Jinhua-Qiandaohu Railways intersect in the City. The Hangzhou-Jinhua-Quzhou Expressway, the Jinhua-Lishui-Wenzhou Expressway, the No. 330 and 320 National Highways, and other provincial highroads, also traverse the area. The city aggregation around Jinhua Proper has formed a "Half-an-Hour's-Ride Economic Circle", there being merely a 90-minute and a 3-hour journey driving from the city to Hangzhou and Shanghai respectively. At present, Yiwu Airport offers airlines destined for Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Qingdao, Hong Kong.
Landmarks.
Jinhua Architecture Park, a collection of 17 pavilions designed by Chinese and international architects, set on the banks of the Yiwu River.

</doc>
<doc id="2853116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853116" title="Richard Murphy (screenwriter)">
Richard Murphy (screenwriter)

Richard Murphy (May 8, 1912 – May 19, 1993) was an American screenwriter, film director, and producer.
Biography.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Murphy worked for "Literary Digest" in the 1930s before leaving in 1937 to work in the short film department at MGM. Murphy's first screenwriting credit was for providing the story for "Back in the Saddle", a 1941 Gene Autry western.
While in the Army Air Forces during World War II, Murphy reached the rank of captain seeing action in the Pacific theater countries of New Guinea and the Philippines. Murphy returned to the States and started working for 20th Century Fox. In 1947 he wrote the award winning film "Boomerang!". He received the first of two Oscar nominations for this screenplay, with his second in 1953 for the World War II film "The Desert Rats". He also directed a few films before moving into television in the 1960s when he wrote and created television series. Murphy's last screenplay was for "The Kidnapping of the President" in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2853118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853118" title="Puffin Island">
Puffin Island

Puffin Island is the name of several islands in a number of countries. In most cases the island has been so named because it has – or used to have – a colony of puffins. 
Puffin Islands include:

</doc>
<doc id="2853134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853134" title="Pagal Nilavu">
Pagal Nilavu

Pagal Nilavu (; English: "Moon at Noon") (1985) is a Tamil film directed by Mani Ratnam. It is about a carefree youth caught between his loyalty to a mafia don and his love for a cop's sister. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The cinematography of the film was handled by Ramachandra Babu.This film marked Mani Ratnam's entry into Tamil cinema. Pagal Nilavu failed at the box office.
Plot.
Pagal Nilavu is in essence the story of Selvam(Murali) an aimless youth in Muttam(Kanyakumari Dist) who out of a sense of deep gratitude ends up joining the gang of Devaraj aka Periyavar(Sathyaraj) and the complications which arise when he falls in love with Jyothi(Revathi), the sister of Robert Manohar(Sarat Babu) an honest and committed police inspector who is newly posted to the town. Periyavar pretty much runs the town and though he helps people in need, he is a diabolical kingpin who will not compromise on his hold of the town for anything. He wins Selvam’s undying loyalty when he helps him with money and power at a critical juncture to save his mother. In this backdrop Robert takes charge and moves into the town with his sister and daughter. Being uncompromising in his morals, Robert is automatically drawn into a game of oneupmanship with Periyavar and his gang. He also consequentially cannot stand Periyavar’s chief henchman Selvam, and is consequentially drawn into continuous verbal and physical duels with him. Selvam meanwhile falls hook line and sinker to Jyothi(Revathi) and tries every trick in the book to woo her and eventually wins.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

</doc>
<doc id="2853138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853138" title="Downtown Long Beach">
Downtown Long Beach

Downtown Long Beach is the heart of Long Beach, California, United States, and is the location for most of the city's major tourist attractions and municipal services. It is also the location for numerous businesses. There are many hotels and restaurants in the area that serve locals, tourists, and convention visitors.
Location.
Downtown Long Beach is bounded by the Los Angeles River to the west, and Ocean Boulevard to the south (south of Ocean is considered the "Downtown Shoreline," a separate area). Alamitos Avenue roughly delimits downtown to the east, although the City's actual downtown zoning extends a few blocks east of Alamitos. Similarly, downtown effectively ends around 7th Street to the north, but the City's downtown zoning carries as far north as Anaheim Street between Pacific Avenue and Long Beach Boulevard, and up to 10th Street east of that.
The greater downtown area includes the neighborhoods of the East Village Arts District, the West End, North Pine, the Civic Center, and the "Downtown Core" or central business and entertainment area.
Government and infrastructure.
County, state, and federal representation.
The United States Postal Service Downtown Long Beach Post Office is located at 300 Long Beach Boulevard.
Businesses.
The Downtown Long Beach Associates manages the business- and commercial property-based improvement districts in Downtown Long Beach. There are approximately 1,400 businesses in Downtown Long Beach, including several law firms given the proximity of the Los Angeles County Courthouse, as well as over 150 restaurants, wine bars, performing arts venues, and the Long Beach Convention and Entertainment Center. A complete and frequently updated business directory is available online at Downtown Long Beach Associates' website.
The California State University system headquarters are at 401 Golden Shore in Downtown Long Beach.
Transportation.
Long Beach Transit has a transit center in Downtown Long Beach. The southern terminus of the LACMTA Blue Line as well as the southern end of Interstate 710 (Long Beach Freeway) is also downtown. Greyhound Lines, Amtrak Thruway, Torrance Transit, LADOT, and LACMTA all have bus service to Downtown Long Beach.
Education.
Downtown Long Beach is within the Long Beach Unified School District.

</doc>
<doc id="2853142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853142" title="Vincent Martella">
Vincent Martella

Vincent Michael Martella (born October 15, 1992) is an American actor, voice actor and singer. He is best known for his role as Greg Wuliger on the UPN/CW sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris", and for the voice of Phineas Flynn in Disney Channel's original animated show "Phineas and Ferb". Also, he is the voice of Hope Estheim in the 2010 video game "Final Fantasy XIII" and its sequels "Final Fantasy XIII-2" and "".
Career.
Martella appeared in the feature film "Role Models" starring Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd. He has a lead role in the film "" along with Bill Engvall and Billy Ray Cyrus. He also played Scoop in the show "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" and Greg in the show "Everybody Hates Chris".
He recorded his first album "Time Flies By", playing the piano and singing. The album was written and co-produced by Vincent and is available on iTunes. He lives in DeLand, Florida with his mother, father and three siblings.
Martella became known in the voice acting world by playing the voice of Phineas in the Disney Channel animated series "Phineas and Ferb". He also provided the English voice of Hope Estheim, a main character in the 2010 video game "Final Fantasy XIII", and reprised his role for "Final Fantasy XIII-2". He did the voice of the teenage Jason Todd / Robin for the animated film "", in which his younger brother, Alexander, provided the voice for the child version of Todd.
Martella also appeared in the fourth season of "The Walking Dead" television series as Patrick. He also appears on the show 'A haunting' episode Dark forest
Personal life.
Martella was born in Rochester, New York, and is of Italian descent. During his childhood, he moved south to Florida. He graduated from DeLand High School in 2011 and is studying for an online degree in business through the University of Florida.
Martella is the son of Donna and Michael Martella. His father owns Captain Tony's, a chain of pizzerias.

</doc>
<doc id="2853144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853144" title="The Undercliff">
The Undercliff

The Undercliff is the name of several areas of landslip on the south coast of England. They include ones on the Isle of Wight; on the Dorset-Devon border near Lyme Regis; on cliffs near Branscombe in East Devon; and at White Nothe, Dorset. All arose from slump of harder strata over softer clay, giving rise to irregular landscapes of peaks, gullies and slipped blocks, that have become densely vegetated due to their isolation and change of land use. The Kent coast at Folkestone and Sandgate also has similar undercliff areas.
Isle of Wight.
Undercliff at St Lawrence, looking down from the Isle of Wight Coastal Path. The Undercliff on the Isle of Wight skirts the southern edge of the island from Niton to Bonchurch. A favourable climate here has resulted in a semi-tropical environment, covered by lush vegetation.
The microclimate of warm sunshine, moist air and few winter chills was recognised by leading physicians in Victorian times as a beneficial environment for sufferers of respiratory diseases. This led to the establishment by Arthur Hill Hassall of a chest hospital at Ventnor.
The development of Ventnor and St Lawrence during the mid-19th century saw the construction of many fine houses and villas, and the creation of some beautiful gardens. These developments included the now-demolished Steephill Castle, and a number of houses built for the industrialist William Spindler in the 1880s.
The Undercliff is mostly accessible by a road, Undercliff Drive, running its length from Niton to Ventnor. It can be accessed by foot along the Isle of Wight Coastal Path.
There are some coastal erosion and landslip concerns associated with the Isle of Wight Undercliff region.
West Dorset.
The west Dorset coast around Charmouth and Lyme Regis includes unstable cliffs which have given rise to undercliff areas with varied topography. There was a mudslide at Stonebarrow east of Charmouth in December 2000, and in May 2008 there was a large landslip at Black Ven between Charmouth and Lyme Regis.
East Devon.
Axmouth to Lyme Regis.
The Undercliff in Dorset-East Devon stretches the between Lyme Regis, near to the Cobb harbour, and Seaton. Like its namesake on the Isle of Wight, this feature also arose as a result of landslips and has become a rare and unusual habitat for plants and birds. It is a National Nature Reserve – the Axmouth to Lyme Regis Undercliffs NNR – and the South West Coast Path runs through it. The footpath stretches for 7 – and is not accessible except at each end. It is not permitted to leave the path due to the nature reserve status and the dangerous terrain.
Some of the landslips that created the Undercliff took place within historical record. Recorded slips took place in 1775, 1828, 1839 (the Great Slip) and 1840. The 1839 slip was especially well-documented since the geologists Buckland and Conybeare were in the area to survey it. A large tract of land below Bindon Manor and Dowlands Farm slipped, creating the features now called Goat Island and the Chasm. It took with it an area of sown wheatfield which remained sufficiently undamaged for the wheat to be harvested in 1840, when the slip was a popular visitor attraction.
The Undercliff was formerly open rough pasture, grazed by sheep and rabbits, including features such as Donkey Green (an area of turf used for picnics and sports), Landslip Cottage (which used to sell teas to visitors), and Chapel Rock (where, according to tradition, Tudor religious dissenters met). However, it become heavily overgrown in the 20th century following the cessation of sheep farming and the decline in rabbits due to myxomatosis, and access is now difficult, the terrain being treacherous due to its unstable cliffs, deep gullies and dense undergrowth.
Sabine Baring-Gould's 1900 novel "Winefred, a story of the chalk cliffs" is set in the Undercliff area, with the Great Slip as its climax. The Undercliff was also one of the settings for the novel "The French Lieutenant's Woman" and a location for its film adaptation.
Hooken.
The Hooken Undercliff is on the cliff route between Beer, Devon and Branscombe. A slump in the Chalk cliffs in 1790 separated a tract of land, now a wooded and sheltered habitat with chalk pinnacles on the seaward side. It is reached via a steep footpath leading from the clifftop to Branscombe Beach.
East Sussex.
The Undercliff Walk from Brighton to Saltdean (a path under the Brighton to Newhaven Cliffs, a Site of Special Scientific Interest) is popular with walkers and cyclists but often closed because of rockfalls.
Kent.
The towns of Folkestone and Sandgate have undercliff areas formed by landslips. Folkestone Warren, since stabilised by sea defences to protect the Dover-Folkestone railway that runs at its foot, is designated a SSSI and a nature reserve.
Undercliff wildlife.
These sections of undercliff represent some of the most important sites in the UK for the conservation of rare beetles, bees and other invertebrates. Coastal soft cliffs and slopes support a specialised assemblage of species reliant on a historical continuity of bare ground, pioneer vegetation habitats, and freshwater seepages. Rare species entirely restricted to soft cliffs in the UK include the Cliff tiger beetle "Cylindera germanica", the Chine beetle "Drypta dentata", the Large mining bee "Osmia xanthomelana", and Morris's Wainscot moth "Chortodes morrisii morrisii".

</doc>
<doc id="2853147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853147" title="Belvidere, North Carolina">
Belvidere, North Carolina

Belvidere is an unincorporated community in Perquimans County, in the Albemarle Sound region of the northeastern part of the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is located north-west of the twin towns of Hertford and Winfall at the intersection of North Carolina Highway 37, and Perry's Bridge Road on the east side of the Perquimans River though it includes homes on both sides of the river. It is the home of the Piney Woods Quaker Meeting located to the west of the river and Up River Friends Meeting (technically in Whiteston) on the east side (and five or six miles up the river).
Belvidere is part of the Elizabeth City, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="2853151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853151" title="Stargate literature">
Stargate literature

Stargate literature comprises the novels and short stories in the "Stargate" franchise fictional universe (based on either the original "Stargate" film or the "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe" television shows) as well as non-fiction devoted to the franchise. "Stargate" literary works follow no strict continuity with the series or each other, and are often considered to be non-canon. This is evident in the fact that there is a period of roughly a year between the original idea for a novel and the finalised product, causing problems for authors as they are unaware as to how the franchise will develop and change during the writing process. Despite this, the editors of "Stargate" literature function as the medium between the author and the production company.
There are three series of novels based on the "Stargate" franchise and short fiction has also been published in the official "Stargate Magazine". It becomes difficult to discern what is and what is not canonical because much of the literature is based on the canon, whilst some of even this type of work deviates from the main productions, or is later contradicted. There's no official word from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) about the canonicity of the "Stargate" written fiction. MGM does, however, approve each stage of novel's production, from initial outline to final draft. It remains up to the fans' discretion whether or not to accept "Stargate" literature as part of the combined "Stargate" universe.
"Stargate" literature centers on the premise of a "Stargate", a ring-shaped alien device that creates a wormhole enabling personal teleportation to complementary devices located cosmic distances away. Under the control of the United States government, the Stargate discovered on Earth is kept a secret from the public. This allows storylines to present no contradiction between depicted events and reality, an effect compounded by setting "Stargate" in the present day, and depicting Earth accurately, with any unrealistic technology originating solely from alien civilizations. Most of the time, "Stargate" literature follows SG-1 and the Atlantis flagship team on their journey through different galaxies.
Film novelizations.
Written by the movie creators, Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the novelization of the original film, "Stargate" was published by Signet Books, an imprint of Penguin Books, in December 1994. Bill McCay had written a series of five novels continuing the story the original creators had envisioned, despite the success of the "Stargate" television series. McCay used the official notes by Emmerich to write his books.
A series of five novels written by Bill McCay were published from 1996 to 1999, based on the story of the 1994 film, "Stargate". Each book was also produced as a book on tape read by David Fox. These were produced by consulting the original notes made by film director Roland Emmerich, in an attempt to envision where the film "would have gone". Neither party has commented on whether McCay's interpretation was correct. The film's producer, Dean Devlin, had his own ideas, but he did not bring them to light until interviewed much later, after the publication of all the novels. The subsequent television series "Stargate SG-1" was an entirely independent development, making no attempt to reconcile with the plot line of the books. This marked the first major branching of the franchise.
The story continues immediately after the events of the film, with the United States armed forces interested in the mineral that is mined for Ra by the Abydans. As conflict arises in many forms on the planet of Abydos, a new threat comes when other gods from Ra's pantheon (namely Hathor) come looking. Bits of the Ancient Egyptian myth, The Destruction of Mankind, is acknowledged in the novel's construction.
The first three books form one complete storyline:
The last two continue after the events in the first three books, but move the story forwards by dealing with the Abydans and the events which happen at the climax of the trilogy.
The book canon of the franchise has many differences with the television series "Stargate SG-1". In the books, Ra is the last of his race, and all of his lieutenants (such as Hathor and Ptah) are actually loyal humans who pose as the other Egyptian gods created by Ra to enslave the populace. The movie version of Ra inhabits a human body by possessing the human with his soul, rather than as the parasitic snake as seen in "Stargate SG-1".
The books focus more on politics, with budget issues and human rights considerations playing a large role. The book's version of O'Neil is much more of a straight soldier, while Jackson remains the idealistic maverick scientist. The quartz-like mineral (called Naqahdah in "Stargate SG-1") remains unnamed. The city that Kasuf and Sha'uri live in is called Nagada and more cities on Abydos are shown. While the first three books focus on the plight of the Abydan (called Abydonian in "Stargate SG-1") people and the war between Ra's humans and the humans from Earth, the last two books introduce other worlds and other races.
Other releases.
ROC published four "Stargate SG-1" novels written by Ashley McConnell from 1998 to 2001. These novels were available only in the United States. The United Kingdom-based publisher Fandemonium specialises in "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis", publishing the first book in 2005. The "Stargate SG-1" novels were originally only available in the UK, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa because the company did not hold a licence to distribute them in North America but the "Stargate Atlantis" books are available worldwide. The company's license was later extended to North America in June 2006. All books are written as canon; that is, they try to recreate the show. MGM reads and approves all the novels.
The company held an open submissions policy in November 2004, inviting fans to submit proposals for a "Stargate SG-1" novel. This proved very popular, and the aim was to find good fanfiction writers who would be able to write professional novels. Fandemonium's company runner and chief editor, Sally Malcolm, started out as a fanfic writer herself. Several future books are works of authors found through this policy. "Stargate Atlantis" novels continue to be written only by professional authors.
The official "Stargate Magazine", produced by Titan Publishing, began publishing short stories written by Fandemonium authors in their 8th issue. The stories alternate between both "SG-1" and "Atlantis". The magazine is available in the UK and internationally through Diamond Comic Distributors' Previews catalogue. Thomasina Gibson and Sharon Gosling have written official companion guides for all seasons of "Stargate SG-1" (seasons 1 through 8 as two seasons per companion guide) and "Stargate Atlantis", published by Titan Books.
"Stepping Through the Stargate: Science, Archaeology, and the Military of Stargate SG-1" is a collection of works which are centered around the science fiction TV series "Stargate SG-1". The book takes a thoughtful, but light-hearted look at the popular, award-winning television series. It was edited by P. N. Elrod and Roxanne L. Conrad and published by BenBella Books in 2004. The book is a non-fiction collection of essays, articles, and personal recollections by cast and crew members, scientists, military experts, and various science fiction writers, all of whom are fans of the show. James Tichenor special effects head of "Stargate SG-1" and actor Tom McBeath (who played Colonel Harry Maybourne) and "Stargate" comic book writer James Kuhoric. Even an Air Force Colonel were some of many who helped to write the collection of works.
"Stargate" comics are a series of comic books based on the film, "Stargate" (1994), and the TV series' "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis". The initial comics were tie-ins with the 1994 film and the later output by Avatar Press has been based on the two TV series. A series of "Stargate" film-related comics were published by the independent publishing house Entity Comics between 1996 and 1997, under the creative direction of John Migliore and Bill Maus. Along with a four-part comic book adaptation of the "Stargate" motion picture and three-part adaption of Bill McCay's "Stargate: Rebellion", Entity Comics also wrote their own continuation of the Stargate film. "Stargate: One Nation Under Ra" and "Stargate: Underworld" were later published as a trade paperback titled "Stargate: The New Adventures Collection." There has been no official word as to whether or not the comics are canon.
"Stargate" audiobooks by Big Finish Productions, based on the long-running military science fiction television franchise "Stargate". The "talking books" are each narrated by one of main "Stargate" characters and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Development.
Authors interested in writing a "Stargate" book need to send a manuscript to the e-mail address of the official "Stargate" literature webpage. Known writers need to send their publishing history and a short synopsis of their planned plot behind the book.
German author Sabine C. Bauer wrote the first "Stargate SG-1" novel, entitled "Stargate SG-1 Trial By Fire". Bauer first noted the "Stargate" universe when studying theater in the United States, when she traveled back to Great Britain, "Stargate SG-1" hadn't premiered yet. So she started to write a "Stargate" script (which eventually became "Trial By Fire"). She spent four years writing the book writing a main story arc for the character Jack O'Neill. She garnered a few minor awards for her novel and started writing "Stargate" novels behind the science idea of quantum physics.
Jamie Duncan and Holly Scott have written two "Stargate" novels, the first being "Stargate SG-1 Siren Song" and second being "Stargate SG-1 Hydra". Scott has commented on the writing process for the books, saying that she and Duncan both learned "Several things from [...] process" when writing the first book, she felt the most important thing she learnt was "Not to be afraid of revising the draft". She further commented that this became "Very handy" when developing their second book ("Hydra"), since the first draft of the book needed a lot of work, as she said "We had to learn to whack scenes that just didn't work."
"Siren Song" is set after the event of "Stargate SG-1" episode, "Deadman Switch", while "Hydra" is set between "Tin Man" and "Shades of Grey". According to Duncan, "Deadman Switch" was a "Relatively stand-alone episode" for the series, which made it possible to make an exciting story and a "Fun secondary character" (Aris Boch) for the book. She further stated that she was able to explore the culture better with the book. Scott called the development of "Siren Song" a "wonderful challenge". As Scott explained, she has wanted to write stories for many of the "Stargate SG-1" characters, but Aris Boch was at the top of her list, she called her experience in writing the book "Remarkable" to create a back story for the character and write new interaction between the character and SG-1.
"Hydra" followed the events of "Tin Man", and as Duncan puts it, the episode came with an "unanswered question", a "paradox" even. The main focus of the story was how to live with yourself when you knew that you were not the person you felt you were. The story follows the cloned SG-1 team being ripped off from all their "Heroic qualities" and what the differences are between them and the real team. The novel itself is told in multiples of view points, and it jumps back and forth in time. When writing the structure for the novel, they created a chart. As Duncan puts it, the story could not been "Told in a linear fashion", if they wanted to achieve certain story effects within the plot. So they felt that if the story was going to achieve an "Emotional" status, it needed to be told in a "Non-linear structure". Scott further stated that some of the "Perspective" of the SG-1 members could not been told because of being to "POV" for the book itself.
Steven Savile, writer of the "Shadow" series which consists of the books "Shadows", "Shapshifter" and "Trickster" were released in 2009. These books were written to stand to true to the nature of "Stargate SG-1" and its characters. After writing five about vampires in three years Savile was looking for a new topic to write about without "Repeating" himself. He then learned that "Stargate" writer Sally Malcolm was looking for new writers for the franchise. After a few E-mails with Malcolm he got the job as a "Stargate" writer. When commenting on how to make a good tie-in novel for the franchise, he said it was "Tricky on a page-by-page level". He further stated that he couldn't create new stories because by the end of the day the "Stargate" franchise belonged to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).
Reception.
The book "Stargate Atlantis Exogenesis" was nominated in the category "Best speculative fiction novel" in the Scribe awards written by Sonny Whitelaw and Elizabeth Christensen, but did not win the award. Author Elizabeth Christensen won the Scribe award in the category "Best Speculative Original novel" at ComicCon 2008 for her book "Stargate Atlantis Casualties of War". The award was organized and presented by the International Association of Media Tie-In Writers (IAMTW) which was founded by Max Allan Collins and Lee Goldberg.

</doc>
<doc id="2853154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853154" title="Whitwell, Isle of Wight">
Whitwell, Isle of Wight

Whitwell is a small village located on the south of the Isle of Wight, approximately 5 kilometres north-west of Ventnor, the village's nearest town. In addition to this, it is about five minutes away from its neighbouring small villages of Godshill and Niton, the latter of which, Whitwell forms a Civil Parish. According to 2001 census data, the total population of the village was 578. There is a variety of stone and thatched housing, as well as some more modern housing, the most recent of which was completed in 2006.
Whitwell's small size has led it to become a very close-knit community with a range of amenities including a garage, a 700 year old church, the oldest pub on the island, dating back from the 15th century and a post office, which was recently re-located to a new premises inside the church bell tower. A trout farm is located towards Nettlecombe, with three lakes covering . The waters are well stocked with carp, roach and tench.
Whitwell is named after the "White Well" inside the village, and pictured below. The well was visited by many during medieval times on pilgrimages, and now well dressing occurs annually each summer. Across Whitwell, six more old water standards can be seen. They were built in 1887 by William Spindler. Half the cost of installing the wells was covered by William Spindler himself, the remainder by people of the village. The water was supplied by Mr Granville Ward from a spring on his land at Bierley.
History.
"White" is derived from an Old English word meaning clean or pure, and the village of Whitwell is likely to take its name from a well or spring with a reliable supply of fresh water. The original White Well, located towards the south end of the village was once a place of veneration as a 'holy well' and a site of pilgrimage in the Middle Ages. The waters of the well were believed to contain healing powers for the infirm. The tradition of Well Dressing was started and now occurs annually at the site of the well. Each year the well is dressed and blessed by the local vicar giving thanks for water and a blessing for the village.
In the village, six red iron water pumps can be seen at various intervals. These were built in 1887 by William Spindler, a prominent figure in St Lawrence whose tomb now lies in Whitwell Graveyard. One is located next to the White Well in Ventnor Road, two along Kemming Road, two along the High Street, and one on Nettlecombe Road.
Many of the village's buildings such as the White Horse pub, date back to the 15th century. The Church has portions dating back to as far as the 12th century, with newer additions built in the 13th, 15th and 16th centuries. In comparison to this and the rest of the village, new housing has been built relatively recently along Bannock Road. The latest new housing was completed in 2006.
In 2009 Whitwell won the award for the best kept large village, in addition to the award for the overall island's best kept village, an award it has previously won in 2003. Judges from the competition were impressed by maintenance of bus stops, verges seats, commercial premises and gardens and the success of the new post office.
Governance.
Whitwell lies within the parliamentary constituency of the Isle of Wight with the seat held by Conservative member Andrew Turner, and within the same area of the Isle of Wight Council. Together with Niton, the village forms a civil parish, chaired by Councillor John Andrew Stotesbury. The Parish Council has ten members, six for the Niton ward and four for the Whitwell ward. The Council meets ten times a year alternating the venue between the two villages.
Geography.
Whitwell is located in the south of the Isle of Wight, slightly to the south of Godshill, and extends to the southern shore of the island. The nearest town is Ventnor, about 5 kilometres South of the village. Niton is the nearest village about away, which together, Whitwell and Niton form a civil parish. Also close to the village, is Nettlecombe, the site of a lost medieval village located slightly to the north east. The entire village is surrounded mainly by fields and classed as an 'Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, forming part of the Isle of Wight AONB.' The relief is mainly flat, with some slight hills. It contains of land, in 1905 being arable land, 775½ acres permanent grass, and 74½ acres woodland.
With the villages co-ordinates at N 50.60223 W 1.29967, its climate is warm, with a sea breeze coming in from the coast. It benefits from Ventnor's micro-climate as a result of being in a sheltered location on the cliff of the island's south coast. This offers the village more sunny days than much of the British Isles, and fewer frosts.
The Eastern Yar, originating in the north-east of the island, extends an infant tributary to Whitwell and at one point, a stone sheep wash is still present. The River Yar Trail was set up on 24 May 2002, with a milestone outside the White Horse in Whitwell.
Whitwell's built environment is characterised by its mixture of stone and thatched housing. There is a mixture of single and two-story houses, with most single-story housing on Bannock Road, recently developed with a small estate of bungalows. Terraced housing features in the center of the village. The most notable house in the village is The Old Rectory, close to the church and was formerly a Bed and Breakfast.
Church.
The Church of St. Mary and St. Radegund is a Church of England church, located on rising ground at the south end of the village, adjoining the rectory. It is the only church in the village. Parts of the church date back to different centuries, the earliest being 12th, with later parts added in the 13th, 15th and 16th century. In April 2007, the village's post office was relocated inside the church's bell tower, the first of its kind to actually be located inside the church.
Amenities.
The village used to have a wide range of facilities used by local residents. However over the years, many of these have gone. These include two shops, a playgroup, its Methodist church, the forge, a nursing home and youth hostel. The facilities left include:
Due to the village's small size and small population of 578, most amenities are located outside the village. Many are located in the slightly larger neighbouring village of Niton, such as a Pharmacy and doctor's surgery. Others are located in the nearby town of Ventnor.
Transport.
Rail.
Whitwell Station, on the Ventnor West branch of the Isle of Wight Central Railway, was opened along with the other stations on the branch on 20 July 1897. It was equipped with a passing loop, two platforms, a signal box and a substantial station building. Located at the top of Nettlecombe Lane, the station is located close to the village and the community it was intended to serve, unlike any other stations on the line.
However the track has now closed, and the waiting rooms have now been converted into two cottages and the old up platform has been restored. The site is now a popular tourist destination and is used for holiday accommodation. An old railway tunnel just outside the village is used as a mushroom farm. Another tunnel is still present on Nettlecombe Lane (pictured to the left) leading to the station.
Bus.
Southern Vectis bus route 6 links the village with the towns of Newport and Ventnor, including intermediate villages. The last bus from Newport is early at 18:22 providing no evening service for the village. The seasonal 'Island Coaster' also runs through the village during the summer. Wightbus and Southern Vectis take students to school, which has caused some controversy over two bus companies taking a small number of students to school.
Roads.
There are only three roads exiting the village, Ventnor Road leading to Ventnor, Kemming Road leading to Niton and the main High Street which leads to Godshill.
The main road leading to Ventnor has recently been widened and resurfaced to cope with the larger number of cars using it, however this has caused controversy with nearby residents with reports of many cars speeding through the village. A sign was later put up, warning motorists if their speed exceeded the 30 mile per hour speed limit. More were later put up across other parts of the village.
Walking.
The River Yar trail runs through the village with the milestone outside the village Pub. In addition to this, briddleways are maintained, running to nearby villages Wroxall and Niton. Future plans could see a pedestrian link from Whitwell to Niton along the main road.

</doc>
<doc id="2853163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853163" title="Saku Brewery">
Saku Brewery

Saku Brewery is an Estonian brewery and soft drinks company based in Saku. It was founded in 1820 by local landlord Karl Friedrich von Rehbinder.
Estonian brewing traditions and Saku Brewery.
Beer was already known in present-day Estonia between 500 and 1000 A.D., when it was mostly used as a sacrificial drink. Breweries were first established in the larger villages in the middle of the 13th century. Beer was brewed at home, in abbeys and castles – it was the main drink together with small beer and milk. Soon the beer became so frequently consumed that fees and penalties were added to its cost. Currently, there are five breweries in Estonia, three of which belong into the Estonian Beer Brewers Association: Saku Brewery, A. Le Coq Brewery and Viru Brewery.
Beer has become the main drink for Estonian farmers since the beginning of the 16th century. Beer was always brewed for bigger holidays and family events like wedding, baptisms and funerals. All kinds of beer songs and jokes relating to it were very popular among the common people.
The brewing traditions of Saku Brewery reach back to the beginning of the 19th century. Then the Saku estate was owned by count Karl Friedrich von Rehbinder who built a distillery and a brewery on his estate. The brewery was first documented in October 1820. It is believed that the production of beer, for the purpose of sale to pubs and taverns began in the autumn of that year. From the end of 19th century onward Saku has remained among the leading breweries in Estonia.
Today.
In 1991 joint venture Saku Õlletehas was established. Since January 27, 1998 the shares of Saku Brewery were traded in the list on the Tallinn Stock Exchange. On 20 September 2008, the shares of Saku Õlletehase AS were delisted from Tallinn Stock Exchange. Today 100% of the shares are owned by Carlsberg Breweries.
Through large investments, Saku Brewery has become the market leader on the Estonian beer market. According to market research by ACNielsen in March 2009, Saku Brewery held 38.7% of the local market share. The total sales of beer by Saku amounted to 59 million litres in 2007.
Beverages of Saku Brewery are exported amongst other countries to Sweden (the only Estonian beer in the Systembolaget is Saku Kuld), Finland, Netherlands, England, Germany, Ireland and Canada. Saku's exports during the first five months of 2009 amounted to 3.12 million litres.
Products.
Saku Originaal is the flagship product of Saku Brewery and is made of yeast, water and selected malt and hops. Brewing of Saku Originaal started in 1993, making it the first Estonian beer to be sold after Estonia regained its independence. According to market research conducted by Emor in 2002, Saku Originaal is the most recognised and popular Estonian beer.
In April 2009, Saku Brewery invested over 70 million kroons into a new crystal-filtering technology, the first brewery to take this technology into usage in Estonia. Saku Originaal was the first beer to be brewed with the new technology. Crystal-filtering helps remove bacteria from the beer during brewing, giving the beer a longer lifetime and stronger taste.
Besides beers, Saku Brewery also produces mineral water (Vichy), cider (Kiss), long drinks (Saku ZIP), energy drinks (Battery, Traffic) and beer cocktails (DLight). 
Marketing.
Among other marketing activities, Saku Brewery sponsors the following events and organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="2853167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853167" title="Puffin Island (County Kerry)">
Puffin Island (County Kerry)

Puffin Island ("Oileán na gCánóg" in Irish) is an uninhabited steep rocky island lying off the coast of the Iveragh Peninsula, County Kerry, Ireland.
The island is about 1.5 km long and 0.7 km wide, and rises to 159 metres. It is separated from the mainland by Puffin Sound, which is only about 250 metres across. Day visits to the island from Valentia can be arranged.
Puffin Island holds important populations of several seabird species, including Atlantic Puffins, Manx Shearwaters and European Storm-petrels, and was acquired as a nature reserve by the Irish Wildbird Conservancy (now BirdWatch Ireland) in the early 1980s.
The island also has some signs of ancient human habitation, and it has attracted the interest of archaeologists.

</doc>
<doc id="2853174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853174" title="Sandown Bay">
Sandown Bay

Sandown Bay is a broad bay which stretches for much of the length of the Isle of Wight's southeastern coast. It extends ten kilometres from Culver Cliff in the northeast to just south of Shanklin in the southwest. The towns of Shanklin and Sandown are located on the bay's coast.
The seabed is a mixture of sand, shells and gravel. The beach is predominantly sand.
The bay is best viewed from Culver Down to the north. The Isle of Wight Coastal Path follows the whole bayline either along the cliff top to the south of Sandown or the concrete seawall north of Sandown.
Sandown bay is a concordant coastline and is eroded by destructive waves meaning it is a great example of longshore drift.

</doc>
<doc id="2853175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853175" title="Agni Natchathiram">
Agni Natchathiram

Agni Natchathiram () is a 1988 Tamil film directed by Mani Ratnam. The movie is about two half-brothers who come into conflict with each other in their claim for legitimacy as sons of a common father. Prabhu and Karthik play the lead roles. The movie's score and incredible soundtrack are composed by Ilaiyaraaja which were extremely well received. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 200-day run at the box office. 
The film was dubbed into Telugu with the title "Gharshana" (not to be confused with the 2004 Telugu film of the same name), and was remade in Hindi as Vansh starring Siddharth Ray and Sudesh Berry.
Plot.
Ashok (Karthik Muthuraman) attends a job interview in which the interviewer turns out to be his father, Vishwanath's (Vijayakumar), high school friend. The interviewer asks personal questions and it is revealed that Ashok is Vishwanath’s second wife’s, (Jayachitra), son. More personal questions anger Ashok and he beats the interviewer and storms out.
Gautam (Prabhu Ganesan) is a police academy trainee and during a routine boxing match, he goes overboard and beats up his opponent even after the referee has stopped the fight. The police commissioner reprimands Gautam and asks him not to take out his anger towards his father, Vishwanath, on someone else.
Ashok returns home to his mother, sister (Tara) and his inebriated father. His mother asks him to take his father to his 1st wife’s, (Sumitra) home. Ashok initially protests but relents to take him home. After the ride, Gautam comes to the door and helps his father into home. There is a brief moment of animosity between Gautam and Ashok and it is clear that both the half-brothers hate each other.
During a party at the Police Commissioner’s house, Gautam meets the Commissioner’s daughter, Anjali (Amala) when he covers for her smoking. One day, when Ashok is just hanging out with his friends, a girl, (Nirosha), looks at him, shouts "I love you" and drives away. A stunned Ashok tries to follow her but loses her in the traffic. Vishwanath is appointed the head of an inquiry commission to probe a chemical factory, owned by Chidambaram, believed to sell chemicals to terrorists.
Gautam graduates from the academy & is appointed as an Assistant Commissioner and Anjali and him fall in love with each other. Ashok runs into Nirosha again but this time he memorizes her car number. He traces her address by bribing a transport officer, goes to her home and says "I love you" to a surprised Nirosha.
Ashok and his friends run into Gautam and Anjali which prompts one of Ashok's friends to tease Gautam. Gautam soon stops Ashok's friend while he is riding his motorbike and asks for his license. When he shows it, Gautam throws it away and arrests him for driving without a license but instructs his constables to release him after a couple of hours. A peeved Ashok goes to Gautam's place and stones it causing an accidental injury to Gautam's mother.
The next day, Gautam tries to arrest Ashok but Ashok teases him that he doesn't have a warrant and cannot be arrested. Gautam accuses Ashok's parentage which causes Ashok to lose his cool and assault Gautam. Gautam then arrests Ashok on charges of assaulting an officer of the law. Since Vishwanath is out of town, Sumitra helps Jayachitra bailout Ashok.
Chidambaram visits Vishwanath at his office and later at both his homes and tries to bribe him but each time Vishwanath rebuffs him. An irked Chidambaram warns to put a hit on Vishwanath if he still continues with his investigation.
On the day when Ashok's sister is to be asked for her hand in marriage, Vishwanath fails to turn up which causes the groom's family to question the marriage between Jayachithra and Vishwanath. An angry Ashok goes to Vishwanath's home and creates a ruckus only to realize that his grandmother, Vishwanath's mother (S. N. Lakshmi) has died. Gautam, angered by the scene caused by Ashok, throws him out.
Nirosha visits Ashok at his home uninvited and falsely tells him that she is pregnant with his child in front of his mother to get him in trouble. Ashok finds her having lunch with her father and enquires about her pregnancy to scare her. But he stops once he learns that Nirosha too comes from a broken home.
One day, when Ashok's sister is travelling by train she runs into Gautam and Anjali, so Gautam gets into the next train car. After he leaves, Chidambaram's men harass and threaten the sister. She runs away and tells Gautam and Gautam saves her. While dropping her off at her home, Ashok throws Gautam out of his house.
Another altercation occurs at a wedding in which both exchange words. The next day, Ashok finds Gautam and both get into a huge brawl, which Vishwanath witnesses. Vishwanath berates both of them and gives up hope on both of them ever getting along with each other. While Vishwanath is leaving his office, he gets run over by a truck driven by one of Chidambaram's thugs.
Vishwanath survives with severe injuries and goes into a coma. Mutual fear between the families brings them closer as both Sumitra and Jayachitra wait by his bedside. Ashok threatens Chidambaram with dire consequences if his father dies. Gautam tracks down the truck driver and arrests him. Unhappy that Vishwanath survived, Chidambaram arranges for his murder in the hospital. He uses his connections to remove the police security from the hospital and gets the truck driver out on bail. Vishwanath comes out of the coma and asks both his sons to help keep him alive till he presents his evidence against Chidambaram to the commission the next day. When Chidambaram's thugs attack the hospital, the brothers work together to stop the assassination attempt by switching the ambulance in which Vishwanath was in.
The next day, a bandaged Vishwanath is brought into the commission's office by the brothers and Vishwanath submits evidence proving Chidambaram's illegal activities. The movie ends with Gautam arresting Chidambaram and both the brothers embracing each other.
The film has a parallel comedy track which focuses on a rich man (V. K. Ramaswamy) and his chauffeur’s (Janakaraj) quest to ditch their wives and to sleep with a pretty prostitute.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

</doc>
