<doc id="2923661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923661" title="Aria (band)">
Aria (band)

Aria () is a Russian heavy metal band that was formed in 1985 in Moscow. Although it was not the first Soviet band to play Heavy music, Aria was the first to break through to mainstream media and commercial success. According to several public polls, Aria ranks among top 10 most popular Russian rock bands. Their music resembles the sound of NWOBHM bands, for which they have been dubbed "Russian Iron Maiden" by the media. Most of Aria's lyrics have been written not by the band's members but by professional poets Margarita Pushkina and Alexander Yelin.
Aria is the root of so-called "Aria Family": several bands formed by its former members. In 1987, four ex-members of Aria formed the band Master, who are still considered, along with Aria, one of the most influential Russian metal bands. Vocalist Valery Kipelov, who was the main voice of the band for the majority of albums they have released, departed in 2002 and formed his own heavy-metal band Kipelov.
Till Lindemann & Richard Kruspe of Rammstein have covered an Aria song, "Shtil" ("Штиль"). In this cover version, the song's name is Germanized and spelled as "Schtiel".
History.
Early days.
The band was founded by Vladimir Holstinin and Alik Granovsky, two members of VIA Poyushchie Serdtsa" (Singing Hearts) and both formerly from the dissolved band Alpha. Holstinin's idea of creating a heavy metal band was enthusiastically accepted by Granovsky. By 1985 they had most of the material for their album ready, all that remained was to find a recording studio and a vocalist. They asked Victor Vekshtein to be the band's manager and allow them to use his studio. The vocalist position was soon filled by Valery Kipelov.
The name "Ария" was given to the band because it was short, catchy and easy transliterated to "Aria". There's a version that the band name was thought up by Holstinin, who owns a guitar from the eponymous manufacturer. Both fans and members of Aria are often informally referred to as "ariytsi" (Russian for "aryans").
According to the band's website, Aria's birthday is celebrated on 31 October 1985; the date they finished working on their first album, "Megalomania". The album was noticed by heavy music fans because it was much unlike any hard rock music played in the USSR at the time.
"Megalomania" was recorded with only Holstinin playing guitar (with Alexander Lvov on the drums and Kirill Pokrovsky on the keyboards.). The band needed a second guitarist to be able to play live – as a result, Andrey Bolshakov joined the band. In addition, Igor Molchanov (formerly from "Alpha") replaced Lvov on drums.
Aria's first live show was on 5 February 1986 in DK MAI. The band was well received by the public, and soon became a laureate of the Rock-Panorama-86 and Lithuanika-86 festivals. Although they were still being ignored by the media, their popularity kept rising.
In November 1986, Aria released their second album, "Who Are You With?". By this time, the band was divided by arguments concerning both the direction the band was heading, and Victor Vekshtein's management skills. After a tour in January 1987, Granovsky, Bolshakov, Molchanov and Pokrovsky left the band (Granovsky and Bolshakov later formed the thrash metal band Master). They were replaced by Vitaly Dubinin (Holstinin's university friend and former band mate) as bass guitarist, Sergey Mavrin as second guitarist, and Maxim Udalov on the drums. Their first large show after the reorganization, and the subsequent tour proved that despite all rumours, the band was not dead.
Rise to fame.
In August 1987, Aria started working on their new album, "Hero of Asphalt" (originally named "Serving the Forces of Evil"), which is considered one of the band's best albums. "Hero..." was Aria's first album published by the state music publishing monopoly Melodiya. Every show on the subsequent two-year tour sold out. Over a million copies of the album's LP have been sold. A music video for the song 'Rose Street' was filmed, with the band's fans in mass scenes.
During that time, the band's relationship with their manager had reached a critical point. In October 1988, Udalov left the band because of the conflict, and in November Aleksandr Maniakin was invited to replace him. In 1989, the band then released their next album, "Playing With Fire", with Yuriy Fishkin as their manager.
In 1990, Dubinin and Mavrin signed up with the band "Lion Heart", and left for Munich, only to return in August after finding an opportunity to cancel their contract. After celebrating their five-year anniversary with several live shows, the band began to work on their fifth album "Blood for Blood", which was released in 1991.
1990s.
In the early 1990s, the band decreased their activity significantly, greatly reducing the number of live shows they performed. In 1994, they created their own studio: "ARIA Records", and signed a five-year contract with the label MOROZ Records. As a result, in the summer of 1994, the band's first five albums were released, including the earlier unreleased "Megalomania" and "Who Are You With?". In September, they toured through Germany for two weeks, with live shows in seven cities, including Berlin's Hard Rock Cafe. 
By the end of the 1994 tour in Germany, the band had a disagreement with the organizers, which also reflected on the relationship within the band. After the tour ended, Kipelov stopped showing up at the studio, where the band was hard at work at their next album. Within a month's time, he was found out to be playing with Master. In December, Alexey Bulgakov (the lead singer for the band "Legion") tried out as Kipelov's replacement. In January 1995, Sergey Mavrin left the band, stating that he did not believe that the band would succeed without his friend Kipelov. Sergey Terentyev was invited to replace him as a session musician, and later becomes a permanent member of the band.
Kipelov returned to the band soon after they were threatened with sanctions by MOROZ Records for breaching their contract. He recorded the vocal parts for the new album "Night is Shorter Than Day", which was released in September 1995. The band played a series of concerts in the Moscow area, with Sergey Zadora as their new manager, recording a live album "Made in Russia", which ranked highly in the charts.
In 1997 Kipelov and Mavrin reunited in the duo album "Dark Ages". Dubinin and Holstinin also recorded their own, entitled "AvARIA", where Vitaly participated as vocalist. In 1998 Aria released "Generator of Evil", the album where Terentyev made his début as songwriter. Next came "Chimera" and the breakthrough single "Lost Paradise", which did well in the NASHE Radio chart and raised Aria to the new level of popularity.
Judgement Day.
In 2001 Aria headlined the NASHEstvie festival, where they played with a symphonic orchestra. This gave the band the idea for a 'Classical Aria' tour with an orchestra and a live album of the same name. Unfortunately, this was never released. During the tour, tension among the musicians and band's management arose. Kipelov refused to record a new album, already written by Dubinin and Holstinin, and declared he wanted to start a solo career. Sergey Terentyev, Alexander Maniakin and band's manager Rina Lee supported him, opposing the two band leaders and producer Yuri Sokolov. 'Classical Aria' became the band's farewell tour. After the final gig 31 August 2002 at Luzhniki, Moscow, which was entitled 'Judgement Day' (this later became the name for the whole incident), Kipelov, Terentyev and Maniakin left Aria. The next day, they started a new band named Kipelov.
With Arthur Berkut.
In November 2002 a new line-up of Aria was announced. Sergey Popov from Master became the second guitarist, Arthur Berkut (ex-Autograph) was invited to be the new vocalist, and drummer Max Udalov returned. On 5 December, Aria released the single 'Coliseum' followed by the album "Baptism by Fire". A video for 'Coliseum' was shot. The release was successful, the songs "Coliseum" and "Baptism by Fire" reached No. 1 on the rock charts, though many fans criticized it, arguing that Berkut's voice did not fit Aria's music.
Berkut and Holstinin participated in the "Elven Manuscript" (, 2004) metal opera by Epidemia. Arthur played the role of Irdis the elven wizard while Vladimir played the lute and also produced the opera.
In 2005 Aria celebrated its 20th anniversary with a new tour. The band's former members were invited to participate in the anniversary tour. 'Master' and Sergey Mavrin played at it, but Kipelov did not, because of his own tour schedule.
The newest album "Armageddon" released by CD Maximum, came out in 2006, where Aria invited two new lyricists and Berkut made his début as composer.
On 3 April 2008, Kipelov and Mavrin made a brief re-union with Aria, during the tour celebrating the 20 year anniversary of the release of "Geroy Asfalta."
In November 2010, Berkut and Kipelov sang on stage together with Aria for the 25th Anniversary of the band. The concert was called the AriaFest and there were events in Saint Petersburg, Moscow and Ekaterinburg.
In 2011, Berkut announced his departure from Aria. He was replaced by Mikhail Zhitnyakov vocalist of heavy metal band Grand Courage. With Zhitnyakov, Aria released "Phoenix".

</doc>
<doc id="2923681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923681" title="Brave series">
Brave series

The is a toy and animation franchise that began after toy company Takara had ended the animated "Generation One" storyline of Transformers in Japan. Following a decline in the series' popularity that led to the cancellation of the OVA series "", Takara struck a cooperative deal with the animation studio Sunrise (known for its mecha series, most notably Gundam) to develop a new franchise and set of toy lines. The franchise, in fact, would play a key role in the reintroduction of the Super Robot genre to the Japanese mainstream in the 1990s.
Overall mechanics.
All of the main hero robots' mechanical (or "mecha") designs in the Brave series were those of prolific Sunrise mechanical designer Kunio Okawara. In most of the Brave series, there is a main hero robot (usually the most or second-most expensive toy in the line), backed up by one or two support combiner teams and later receiving one or two combiner partners, upgrading the hero to more powerful forms. (The most or second-most powerful form of the hero robot is usually known as its "Great," "Dai," or "Super" form.)
A number of supporting characters and enemies across the Brave Series had designs or remolds derived from earlier and present (for the day) Generation One Takara Transformers designs, most notably those of "Transformers: Zone" and "Transformers Battlestars: Return of Convoy" (the latter never having its own animated series). The enemy "Geister" characters in "Brave Exkaiser" (save for their leader, Dino Geist) were actually remolds of first-generation Dinobot toys, for instance.
Toys for these robots were created in two sizes: DX ("deluxe") versions that contained more gimmicks and more complicated transformations, and STD ("standard") versions that contained fewer gimmicks and more limited transformations, but often also higher accuracy in reproducing the look of the robot from the anime series. Generally, the transformation of the robots was created by Takara, while the look of the robots was created by Kunio Okawara, legendary Sunrise mecha designer.
Brave series overview.
There are currently a total of eight original entries in the Brave Series: one new series released every year, from 1990 to 1997, each with an episode count exceeding 40 in length. Each series is set in separate, unrelated timelines from each other. No further series appear to be planned for development in the near future.
They are the following, sorted by year of first airing:
To date, only the "GaoGaiGar" television series and "Betterman" have been licensed for distribution in the United States. None of the remaining series have been licensed for distribution outside of Asia.
Show summaries and context.
The first television series to come from the combined Takara/Sunrise Brave concept was Brave Exkaiser, whose fundamental premise and concept was very similar to that of the original "Transformers" series: an intergalactic "policeman" chases after space pirates called the Geisters as they descend on Earth to steal all of its "treasures," having no idea of what those "treasures" are to mankind. When he arrives on Earth, Exkaiser and his "Space Police Force" possess a variety of vehicles in spirit form, converting them to transform into humanoid robots. The relationship between Exkaiser and the son of the family whose car he had taken possession of served to establish a human-robot friendship not seen in quite the same way as "Transformers" had ever portrayed it, and would lead to establishing a recurring theme that many believe established initial appeal for the Brave Series in Japan. "Exkaiser" was far more popular than anticipated, and in some ways kindled a new desire for the production of Super Robot-style mecha among the Japanese audience.
The next show in the series—The Brave Fighter of Sun Fighbird—used a similar concept, focusing more on self-parodying humor by having the robot leader take possession of a humanoid-simulating android instead (which interfaces with the Fire Jet to form the robot Fighbird). This forces him to coexist with humanity on their terms, causing a great deal of trouble. The concept of the "Space Police Force" otherwise remains intact (though not connected to the earlier series), a key difference being that the mecha that Fighbird and one of the combiner teams use was developed previously by a human scientist, whose nephew accompanies the Space Police in their battles.
The Brave Fighter of Legend Da-Garn marked the first serious thematic turning point in the Brave Series. In the previous two shows, the "boy" was a supporting character, not allowed to place himself in any danger; "Da-Garn" is instead centered around an older youth, Seiji Takasugi: a "latch-key kid" from whom the robots receive orders—forcing the boy to command them in the field. The robot-possessing spirits themselves are no longer "aliens," but forces created by the planet Earth to protect itself from invaders—notably the invading aliens who are the antagonists of the piece.
The villains, although all nominally part of one faction, are usually at odds with each other and have separate armies and modus operandi, including one who becomes a turncoat; this theme would be developed in later Brave series. Da-Garn is noteworthy for being the only Brave series to tell a single running story with its episodes, rather than focusing on 'done in one' episodic adventures, until GaoGaiGar was produced. Unsurprisingly, these two series shared a single writer. Likewise, Da Garn foreshadows the more violent themes that would crop into later Brave series and GaoGaiGar itself, by featuring a Tomino-style ending where many main characters die.
The Brave Express Might Gaine takes these newly crafted themes to their logical conclusion. Here the robots are no longer "spirits," but have personalities granted by advanced Artificial Intelligence. These robots were designed and built from the ground up by the late father of the main character: billionaire crime-fighting teenager and railroad magnate Senpuuji Maito. He acts as a Bruce Wayne character of sorts, taking command of the Brave Express robots in the field and fighting crime himself on the front lines. The antagonists are separated into multiple criminal factions, some at odds with each other, extending the basic villain structure used in Da Garn. Some Japanese fans consider Might Gaine the best of the Brave series, and it is often cited as the one that best expresses the idea of the Brave "formula".
The main exception is in the series' controversial ending, which is often interpreted by critics as signs of relations souring between Sunrise and Takara. In the ending of Might Gaine, the characters find out that they are merely fictional characters whose conflicts are artificially generated so that their evil otherdimensional mastermind can sell toys and merchandise. Maito reacts to this with a speech that Japanese critics interpreted as a defense of Da Garn's character-driven storytelling style, which Takara is generally believed to have disliked. After making his speech, Maito destroys the enemy, thereby asserting his own "reality" as a true character and not a merchandising tool. This analysis of the series often considers many plot elements throughout the series as Sunrise effectively "striking back" at Takara for forcing them to create shows with less plot in order to cram in more toy designs and action sequences. For instance, many robots in Might Gaine appear with no explanation, or arbitrarily transform into alternate modes that make no particular sense.
Brave Police J-Decker returns to a much lighter tone, focusing more on "Might Gaine" 's concept of "robot as human-built AI construct." Grade schooler Yuuta Tomonaga stumbles upon Deckerd, a humanoid robot under construction by the Japanese police, built to fight advanced forms of crime. Yuuta's constant contact with Deckerd gives the robot a "heart," or personality; when Yuuta is recruited as the "boss" of the "Brave Police" as a result, a true human/robot partnership occurs. It has been claimed that one of the major Da Garn villains, Redlone, makes an appearance in "J-Decker"; this is not true. Because of Redlone's immense popularity (compared to other Da Garn villains), it became somewhat traditional to have the first villain of a given Brave series resemble him (there is a similar character in Might Gaine). The character that appears in J-Decker is not named Redlone, nor is he supposed to be Redlone. Some confuse the two characters and then claim that Da Garn and J-Decker are connected somehow, which is untrue.
The Brave of Gold Goldran was intended as a throwback to the light-hearted, whimsical tone that pervaded the original three Brave titles, which had become somewhat subdued under the direction of the creative team that oversaw Might Gaine and J-Decker. Goldran follows the adventures of three young boys who are tasked with finding alien robot fighters, or Braves, that are sleeping in the form of crystals. Their major antagonist is the flamboyant and thoroughly incompetent Walter, and the villains that follow him are often similarly humorous. The entire show is extremely focused on comedy and silliness almost to the exclusion of much in the way of storytelling, although the series does develop some running plotlines towards its end. In terms of television ratings, "Goldran" was the peak of the Brave series' popularity.
Of the Brave Series, Brave Command Dagwon is the most divergent from the themes established throughout the other shows. Reputedly, it is the result of Sunrise seeing the enormous success of its "Samurai Troopers" series and wanting to duplicate the basic formula, five pretty and thinly-written young men having primarily episodic adventures, across its other main franchises. If this origin is true, then both "New Mobile Report Gundam Wing" and Dagwon are the direct results of it, and intended to appeal both to traditional male audiences and a crossover audience of female viewers drawn in by the attractive male protagonists.
The premise involves five teenage boys recruited by an alien policeman to prevent the destruction of Earth by inmates let loose from an intergalactic prison. Using transformation items, these teenagers can transform into "Dagwon," a team of sentai-like action heroes who can "combine" with their vehicles to attain humanoid robot form, similar to the "Headmaster Juniors" and the "Godmasters" ("Powermasters" in other countries) in "". Though the "card" robots helping Shadow Rei are presumed to have some sort of basic AI, no human-robot relationship seems to exist in this show at all. Instead, it plays with the idea of the boys "becoming" the robots through a sort of mystic fusion, a theme later explored in an incredibly-similar Sunrise series by Dagwon's creative team, called "Chouja Reideen". Although nominally a re-imagining of Sunrise and Tohokushinsha's "Brave Raideen", which was developed by staff that would later be members of Sunrise, Chouja Reideen resembles Dagwon far more so than the original Brave Reideen.
The King of Braves GaoGaiGar was the final television series to be produced, and has become arguably the most popular of them all. Created by Sunrise's internal "Studio 7" under the guidance of Yoshitomo Yonetani, the show combines previous elements of the Brave Series with an ambitious throwback to the Super Robot mentality of the 1970s, presenting a sharp contrast and commentary to the harder-edged, more complex anime television series emerging in the wake of "Evangelion". Focusing on the concepts of "courage" and "bravery" in a light-hearted setting, this show would obtain a large fanbase after its airing in Japan, and eventually go on to spawn multiple non-animated projects and an OVA sequel, "The King of Braves GaoGaiGar FINAL".
As of this writing, a new major project called "The King of Braves GaoGaiGar Project Z" has been announced, which links the show closely with another Studio 7 series, "Betterman". Like most of the other Studio 7 anime and "GaoGaiGar" sequels, it seems designed to appeal to a much older audience than the traditional Brave demographic. "GaoGaiGar" also suffered poor television ratings in contrast with enormous DVD sales, which supports the idea that children tuned out of "GaoGaiGar" while older fans grew interested in the show's unusually complex, epic cosmology.
Initially a show titled The Saint of Braves Baan Gaan was to be the show to follow Dagwon but fledgling ratings and toy sales promted Sunrise to produce a show with big name talent and a superior budget to reignite interest in the franchise. Baan Gaan eventually saw life in two forms, it was used in a Brave Saga video game as well as the concept for a future show entitled Gear Fighter Dendoh. Before GaoGaiGar ended, another show, Photogrizer (フォトグライザー), was planned to continue the franchise but shelved. Fully titled Brave of Light Photogrizer, the show would involve designs based on, at the time, the new technology of digital cameras and then-modern cell phones.
Post-Brave series events and influence.
Thanks to the unusual popularity "Baan Gaan" achieved with Yūsha through the "Brave Saga" games, the slated creative team (including character designer Hirokazu Hisayuki and probable director Mitsuo Fukuda) were allowed to make an independent Super Robot series for Sunrise a few years later, called "Gear Fighter Dendoh". The plot and concept similarities between "Dendoh" and "Baan Gaan" are extremely numerous, including the mechanics for how the machines combine with their animal-robot helpers, an emphasis on a running conflict between two particular Super Robots, the dual-protagonist structure, and the idea of child pilots fighting with the support of a group of older pilots and technicians (VARS in "Baan Gaan", and GEAR in "Dendoh"). While "Dendoh" was only a modest commercial success, the show was received warmly by critics, and the team has since gone on to become responsible for profitable series such as "My-HiME" and "Gundam SEED".
Following "Dendoh", Sunrise took a final stab at resurrecting the Brave style of television series by having some "Dendoh" staffers return to work on "Machine Robo Rescue", based on a modern-day reworking of Bandai and PLEX's own Machine Robo toy line. "Rescue" combined all of the basic storytelling tropes of the original six, kid-friendly Brave series with a truly vast toy line and an early Sunrise attempt at blending 2D animation (the characters) with 3D animation (the robots). While the toys were popular and the anime did well with older audiences, the 3D animation was widely criticized, and overall the effort failed to recapture the original popularity of the Brave Series. Sunrise would not attempt another 2D/3D series until 2006, with the well-received series "Zegapain".
Takara briefly returned to the Brave series' overall premise—that of producing interstitial properties with themes similar to that of Transformers—with the release of Web Diver and Dai Gunder. Both properties yielded anime TV series and toy lines and featured transforming robots with either their own minds or the ability to "meld" with heroic children. However, both Web Diver and Dai Gunder seem to have faded into obscurity.
There are currently no plans to continue the Brave Series, nor produce another children's anime series in its vein—although Studio 7 has been allowed to continue "GaoGaiGar" projects for older fans. A "15th Anniversary" occurred in 2005, with DVD box set re-releases of each show and re-releases of many of Takara's original Brave toys.
Additional Brave works.
There have been Yūsha "series" that are exclusive to Takara's Brave video games. They are:
"Brave Saga" and "Brave Saga 2".
"Brave Saga 2", also released for the PlayStation, can be considered a final re-tale of the Yūsha series as it features virtually all Yuusha characters, mecha and human alike, from the previous generation. Although parallel universes are used to explain why series such as Brave Express Might Gaine can be involved in the plot, the story assumed that at least some of the series, noticeably GaoGaiGar and Baan Gaan, happen at around the same time and in the same world. Generally, GaoGaiGar storyline is consider to be the 'side-story' while Baan Gaan served as the main event, with other Yūsha participate in either of the story.
Also, a general time line is given to some of the work, such as stating that the entire events within The Brave Fighter of Legend Da-Garn inspired the creation of Grand Police Department in Brave Police J-Decker, while the events in The Brave Fighter of Sun Fighbird is part of the reason why Brave Command Dagwon is formed.
Similar to the Super Robot Wars series of games, there are some non-Yūsha series being involved in the plot, and it should be noted that they are consider to be Real Robot, among them is Armored Trooper Votoms which was animated by Sunrise with the toys and merchandise being provided by Takara. This game introduces us to Yūsha mechas; Saber Varion and Victorion.
As the consideration of toy-safety measures, sharp edges and parts were avoided in animated Yūsha Series to prevent redesigning parts. As Baan Gaan was not made into animation, the mechanical design were slightly different to other leading Yūsha robots - many sharp edges can be seen in Baan Gaan, Mach Sperion, and Great Baan Gaan. The combination process of aforementioned Yūsha robots basically proceed features of every previous Yūsha Series' combinations.
"New Century Brave Wars" ("Shinseiki Yūsha Taisen").
"Brave Wars" is the first and only "Brave" series game to be produced for the PlayStation 2. Quantum Leap Layzelber ("Ryoushi Choyaku Layzelber", title can also be interpreted as "Quantum Leap Rayzelver" and "Quantum Leap Rayserver". It is worth noting that "Layzelber" is not counted among the Brave series by Sunrise).
The first entry in the "Eldran series", "Zettai Muteki Raijin-Oh" was also added to the game. This is mainly because of the many similarities between the "Yūsha" series and the "Eldran" series as they all featured transforming and combining robots and both series were animated by "Sunrise". The only key difference was that the "Eldran" toys were produced by "Tomy". However "Tomy" later brought "Takara" and formed "Takara Tomy", which meant that both companies had access to the rights to each other's toys, so "Raijin-Oh" ended up being part of the game, along with "Might Gaine", "J-Decker", "Dagwon", "GaoGaiGar" and the non-canon "Layzelber". The other "Yūsha" robots and the other "Eldran" robots were not featured in the game.
Relationship to Transformers.
The initial concept designs for Brave Exkaiser, the first Brave Series, were intended to be Transformers designs. While the Brave robot Ultra Raker was very far along at this stage, the Max team and King Exkaiser bore little resemblance to their final designs.
There are also similar design elements between the Brave toys and Generation 2/Beast Wars Transformers, which were released around the same time as the Brave toys. For example, many of the Da-Garn toys have light-piped eyes thanks to transparent pieces of plastic in their heads, a design element which many Generation 2 Transformers share. The Goldran DX toyline contains many projectile launchers, something Generation 2 shared as well. In particular, the Goldran toy "Advenger" contains a rotor-launching gimmick identical to that of Rotor Force from Generation 2. Lastly, the elbows of Leon from DX Leonkyzer contain ball joints, a design element that gained much broader use during Generation 2 and even more so during the Beast Wars toy line.
The Brave Series also reused character designs and toys from previous Transformers series. (A complete listing of those reuses follows in the section below).
Similarly, subsequent Transformers lines have also been influenced by the Brave Series. The Japanese Mini-Con Kingbolt's coloration and characterization are homages to the Brave series Exkaiser. Also, the Cybertron cartoon featured many homages to the Brave series King Of Braves GaoGaiGar, most notably the way Optimus Prime combines with Leobreaker and Wing Saber, which is similar to the way GaoGaiGar combines with Goldymarg (Who coincidentally shares a voice actor with Leobreaker) and Stealth Gao and the fact that Hot Shot was identical to Volfogg because of his appearance and transformation. The cinematography for Energon Optimus Prime's stock-footage combination sequence with his Prime Force limbs is also very reminiscent of Brave series stock footage. Transformers Animated characters Jetstorm and Jetfire's combination into Safeguard is a direct homage to the GaoGaiGar's symmetrical dockers, specifically HyoRyu and EnRyu who form ChoRyuJin who themselves are a homage to Exkaiser characters Blue Raker and Green Raker who combine to form Ultra Raker. Transformers Energon character Omega Supreme is also a homage to the symmetrical dockers.
One striking difference between the Brave Series and Transformers is that very few villain robots were released for the former. This is in sharp contrast to most of the Transformers series, for which heroes and villains were and are released in relatively equal numbers (with the exception of Zone and Battlestars). Generally speaking, the lack of villain toys is more the norm for such toy lines in Japan, with the various Transformers lines (save for aforementioned two) being the exception there rather than the rule.
Toys and character designs recycled from Transformers.
Note: "Italicized names" are non-toy characters.

</doc>
<doc id="2923684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923684" title="A.R.T. Studios">
A.R.T. Studios

A.R.T. Studios was the private music studio of music producer Michael Cretu, located in his mansion in the hills of Ibiza, Spain. In May 2008 the mansion together with the studio were demolished. The studio itself was used by Cretu until 2005, when he moved to a mobile computerized system "Alchemist" and from 2010 a new system named "Merlin". 
This studio was designed and built by Gunter Wagner and Bernd Steber (Sydney/Australia) and is used in the recording of all of Cretu's productions (Enigma, Sandra, Trance Atlantic Air Waves).
Control Room.
Bernd Steber came up with the idea of hiding all acoustical trapping behind a full-size piece of canvas which could be stretched from one side of the room to the other and painted like a picture. The artist painted a night sky with thousands of stars and some very close star nebulas, similar as seen on images taken from the Hubble Space Telescope. 
The walls are built with blocks of open porous sandstone and they seem to break in an irregular line just under the ceiling. The big monitor speakers and the outboard equipment racks are built into these sandstone walls and the entrance into the room is through two big Arabic sandstone arcs in the back. 
The floor is covered with a wall-to-wall carpet which was printed with a reproduction of the moon's surface. 
There is a huge arc-shaped window in the front of the room with a view down the hill to the sea.
Technical Details.
All external equipment is wired to a large digital mixing console which was custom built by AMEK and the German Company Mega Audio according to Michael Cretu's preferred working procedures. This console is physically small but it has 160 inputs to collect most signals coming from any midi source, computer or microphone without the need of any patch bay. 
This is possible because all active components are located outside in some huge racks in the machine room. This keeps all noise and unnecessary heat out of the control room and reduces physical size. 
All recording is done on a Protools system hardware and Emagic's latest version of Logic Audio Platinum software. Software samplers as Samplecell, Steinberg's Halion and the PC-based StudioSampler are all linked and sync-ed together on demand. There are several racks full of external Midi modules and hardware samplers as well as a selection of reverb systems as the Lexicon 480 and 960 as well as some more exotic reverbs like the vintage Yamaha REV1, REV7 and REV9, the Eventide DRP9000 and the Dynacord DRP20. Integrated is Michael's old Waveframe 1000. This was the machine that made Enigma happening in the first place in 1990. It was the first real fully professional digital "Studio-in-a-box". Its constant sampling rate system is brilliant and the sample editing and archiving feature is still unmatched. The monitoring system was especially designed and built by Quested Acoustics.
From the credits of various albums, it is known that Michael Cretu uses or has used the Waveframe 1000, Audi Frame Workstation, MIDIMoog, PPG System, Korg M1, C-Lab Notator, Takamine 6 and 12 String, Tom Anderson Electric Guitars, Otari DTR-900, Akai 900, Linn 9000, Prophet 2002, X-Pander, EMS Vocoder, DX-7, and Roland MKS-80 "Super Jupiter", Roland V-Synth, Korg OASYS, Korg Karma.
Other Enigma studios.
Michael Cretu worked in the A.R.T. Studios only on his first five Enigma albums. For the sixth and seventh album he used "Alchemist", an all in one computed mobile studio. And for the eighth album he will use "Merlin", the successor of "Alchemist".

</doc>
<doc id="2923699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923699" title="Free Africa Foundation">
Free Africa Foundation

The Free Africa Foundation is a Washington, D.C.-based think tank headed by economist George Ayittey which criticizes corruption, oppression, and mismanagement in African governments, and advocates for democratic reform. Its board includes Makaziwe Mandela and Larry Diamond. Ayittey founded The Free Africa Foundation in 1993, to serve as a catalyst for reform in Africa.
The Foundation's website includes the Cato Institute, Earhart Foundation, John M. Olin Foundation and Foreign Policy Research Institute among its donors and sponsors.

</doc>
<doc id="2923710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923710" title="Vina Morales">
Vina Morales

Vina Morales (born Sharon Garcia Magdayao on October 17, 1975 in Bogo, Cebu City, Philippines) is a Filipina singer, actress and model.
Biography.
Career.
At age nine, Morales started singing with her church choir at the St. Vincent Ferrer Parish in Bogo. This lead her to a music career. Father Fritz T. Malinao, a priest and a songwriter in his church community discovered Morales' talent and asked her to sing one of his compositions as an entry in the Cebu Pop Music Festival. The song, "Paglaum", which means "hope" in Cebuano language, won the Grand Prize and earned the Best Interpreter Award for young talents in the Philippines.
Representatives from Viva Films saw her performance and offered her a singing and acting contract. She and her family moved to Manila where she auditioned for a film career in the Philippine film industry. She changed her birth name from Sharon Garcia Magdayao to Vina Morales.
Morales' first film debut was "Nakagapos na Puso" where she co-starred with Sharon Cuneta. In her late teen years, Morales appeared in "Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum" and in "Anghel Na Walang Langit". She also appeared in "The Sarah Balabagan Story".
Morales recorded albums and performed in live concerts in the Philippines, including 2004's "Mamahalin Ka Niya". She co-wrote the lyrics of a song titled "Paano Kaya Magtatagpo?", along with Filipino model, actor and musician, Piolo Pascual. The music was composed by Arnel de Pano. Later, Morales and Pascual recorded the song as a duet. Other songs on the album include ""Yakapin Mo Ako"", "Pangako" and "Saan Darating ang Umaga". In 2003, she held a multi-city US tour titled "Vina Revealed" and "Vina's Hot".
Morales performed the song "Yakapin Mo Ako" while portraying singer Joey Albert on the biographical TV series "Maalaala Mo Kaya". In 2002, she co-hosted a series of Philippine shows with Martin Nievera in the United States and Canada. 
She was the first Filipino to sing at the New York International Music Festival held at the Palms Hotel in Las Vegas in 2003. In 2006, she also did a tour of the United States.
In 2007, she starred in ABS-CBN's "Maria Flordeluna", where she played Elvira. She also represented the Philippines at the 2007 Ikon Asean singing contest and won the competition.
In 2010, she was cast in "Agua Bendita", an ABS-CBN soap opera .
In 2011, she played her very first antagonist role in "Nasaan Ka Elisa?", a remake of the 2009 Chilean telenovela.
In 2013, she returned to television with the afternoon teleserye, "May Isang Pangarap". In the same year, she later became a part of the primetime teleserye, "Maria Mercedes", a remake of the 1992 Mexican telenovela.
Personal life.
She has a younger sister named Shaina Magdayao who is also an actress and model. She has a daughter Ceana born in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2923731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923731" title="Friedrich Klausing">
Friedrich Klausing

Friedrich Karl Klausing (24 May 1920 - 8 August 1944) was a resistance fighter in Nazi Germany, and one of the July 20 Plotters.
Biography.
Friedrich Klausing was born in Munich, Germany. During his teens He served in the hitler youth and Reichsarbeitsdienst (State Labour Service)
Military career.
He joined the "Wehrmacht" in the autumn of 1938 and belonged to the Potsdam Infantry Regiment 9. At the Battle of Stalingrad, he was badly wounded and in 1943, he was posted to the indoor service, that is to say, an office, at the "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht". He was drawn into the plan to assassinate Hitler by Fritz-Dietlof von der Schulenburg.
On 11 July 1944, on the first attempt on Hitler's life, Klausing went along with Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg as his adjutant to the Obersalzberg ("i.e." the Berghof near Berchtesgaden) and made sure that a car and a plane were standing by, ready to whisk the plotters away to Berlin after the job had been done. The Obersalzberg plan was, however, put off, as was a second attempt on 15 July at the Wolf's Lair near Rastenburg in East Prussia, where Klausing made the same preparations for Stauffenberg.
On 20 July, Captain Klausing stayed behind at the Bendlerblock in Berlin while Stauffenberg went to the Wolf's Lair to try again, and was jointly responsible for forwarding Operation Valkyrie orders. He forwarded the orders to, among others, Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin. On the night of 20–21 July, after it had become apparent that Stauffenberg's briefcase bomb had not killed Hitler, Klausing was the only one to escape the firefight at the Bendlerblock subsequent to which Stauffenberg and several other conspirators were captured, but the next morning, he gave himself up to the Gestapo.
Death.
In a show trial before the Volksgerichtshof on 8 August 1944, he was sentenced to death. The sentence was carried out the same day at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2923734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923734" title="Nisa">
Nisa

Nisa may refer to these following topics:

</doc>
<doc id="2923776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923776" title="Dana Olsen">
Dana Olsen

Dana Olsen is an American actor, film producer and screenwriter. His written works include "George of the Jungle", "The 'Burbs" and "Inspector Gadget". He currently resides in Wilmette, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="2923795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923795" title="The Nostalgia of the Infinite">
The Nostalgia of the Infinite

The Nostalgia of the Infinite is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico.
The subject of the painting is a large tower. The scene is struck by low, angular evening light. In the foreground below the tower are two small shadowy figures resembling those in future works by Salvador Dalí. This painting is the most famous example of the tower theme which appears in several of de Chirico’s works.
Although the painting is dated 1911, this date is generally held in question. It has been speculated by the Museum of Modern Art in New York that it was created from 1912 to 1913 while the Annenberg School for Communication suggests 1913-14. According to art historian Robert Hughes, the painting draws inspiration from one of the spectacular architectural landmarks of Turin, the Mole Antonelliana.
This painting, amongst other works by Giorgio de Chirico, influenced the painting by Fumito Ueda for the front cover of the video game "Ico" used in the Japanese and European versions of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="2923811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923811" title="Carondelet High School">
Carondelet High School

Carondelet High School is an all-girls private Catholic high school in Concord, California. Carondelet High School was founded by the Sisters of Saint Joseph. The school of about 800 students was founded in 1965. It shares some resources with the all-boys school, De La Salle High School, which is across a side-street that separates them. De La Salle High School was founded by the Christian Brothers. Students in their junior and senior years are able to take classes at the other school for four of the school's six class periods, and also as lowerclassmen for language and art. The school is located within the Diocese of Oakland.
History.
Carondelet was founded in 1965, by the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Carondelet. as suggested by the first Bishop of Oakland, CA, Bishop Floyd Begin of Oakland. At that time, Carondelet was the only Catholic high school for girls in Contra Costa County.
It opened in September 1965 consisting of only six classrooms and six teachers, three sisters and three lay women. The freshman class was of only 115 young women. 
The school was completed on October 22, 1966, being dedicated to Bishop Floyd Begin.
In September 1969, Carondelet established a cooperative academic program with De La Salle High School, the all boys Roman Catholic campus which is located across the street. Thus, Carondelet expanded their academics by allowing juniors and seniors from both schools to attend selected classes from either campus.
Academics.
Students are offered a challenging college preparatory curriculum including elective courses in art, music, physical education and computer science. AP and Honors courses in English, Math, Social Studies, Modern Languages, Science and Visual and Performing Arts are available as well as an Educational Resource Program for those students in need of academic support. The combined course offerings of Carondelet and De La Salle, an adjacent Catholic boys’ school, at the Junior and Senior level, provides a co-educational experience while maintaining individual school identity.
In 2013 Carondelet implemented a 1:1 iPad program with the Class of 2017 and plan to continue this program with the Class of 2018. 
Extracurricular activities include, but are not limited to, campus ministry, theater, honor societies, interscholastic sports, music, peer counseling, athletics, student government and yearbook.
Clubs and councils.
ASB Council; Freshmen, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior Councils; Spiritual Life Council; A-Team; E-Team; Speech and Debate Team; Activity Representatives; Amnesty International; Spanish Honor Society; Spanish Literature Club; French Club; Latin Club; Car Club; Yearbook; Japanese Animation Guild; Science Club; Model UN Club; Inkblot (literary magazine); Knitting Bandits; and many others.
Controversy.
In February 2014, the school announced it had stopped its plan to serve fried chicken, cornbread, and watermelon in celebration of Black History Month after many found the idea offensive. Only 1.8% of the student population is African American.

</doc>
<doc id="2923812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923812" title="Aiptek Inc.">
Aiptek Inc.

AIPTEK (Advanced Intelligent Personal Technologies) is a manufacturer of consumer electronics products. The company was founded in 1997 with the headquarters in Hsinchu, Taiwan. Aiptek produces mainly pico projectors, camcorders, graphic tablets and digitizer, as well as photo frames, and 3D products. Since January 14, 2003 Aiptek is listet on the Taiwan Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol 6225.
Aiptek also maintains offices in Shanghai (China), Irvine (California) and Willich (North Rhine-Westphalia).
History.
Aiptek began in 1997 with the development and production of graphics tablets to create drawings on the computer. Worldwide brand awareness comes in 2000 with the PenCam, which sold more than 2.5 million times in short term. 2006 the world's first digital frames with embedded camera to digitize analog photos was launched. In 2010, with the Pocket Cinema V10, one of the first mobile projectors was brought to market, and followes by a series of other models. Next to devices for laptops, iPad, iPhones and iPods, Aiptek also launched some comical design with gehtto blaster or karaoke function.

</doc>
<doc id="2923826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923826" title="Nam Wan Kok">
Nam Wan Kok

Nam Wan Kok () is a cape in the southeast corner of Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong. It coast was reclaimed and became Container Terminal 9. The Nam Wan Tunnel and Stonecutters Bridge meet there.
The Chinese name of Nam Wan Kok means the cape of Tai Nam Wan, a bay beside the cape.

</doc>
<doc id="2923827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923827" title="Kokuhonsha">
Kokuhonsha

The was a nationalist political society in late 1920s and early 1930s Japan.
History.
The "Kokuhonsha" was founded in 1924 by conservative Minister of Justice and President of the House of Peers, Kiichirō Hiranuma. It called on Japanese patriots to reject the various foreign political “-isms” (such as socialism, communism, Marxism, anarchism, etc.) in favor of a rather vaguely defined “Japanese national spirit” ("kokutai"). The name “"kokuhon"” was selected as an antithesis to the word “"minpon"”, from "minpon shugi", the commonly used translation for the word “democracy”, and the society was openly supportive of totalitarian ideology. The elder statesman Saionji Kinmochi publicly criticized the organization of promoting Japanese fascism.
Membership of the "Kokuhonsha" included many of Hiranuma's colleagues from the Ministry of Home Affairs, important businessmen, as well as some of the most powerful generals and admirals, including generals Sadao Araki, Jinzaburō Masaki, Makoto Saitō, and Yamakawa Kenjirō with war hero and admiral Tōgō Heihachirō serving as honorary Vice Chairman. By 1936, it claimed to have a membership of over 200,000 in 170 branches. The "Kokuhonsha" published a newspaper, and acted as Hiranuma's political support group.
However, after Hiranuma was appointed President of the Privy Council, he no longer needed the support of a political action group. The February 26 Incident of 1936, during which time many prominent members expressed support for the insurrectionists, provided Hiranuma with an excuse to order the organization dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="2923829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923829" title="George Fetherling">
George Fetherling

George Fetherling (born 1949, full name Douglas George Fetherling) is a Canadian poet, novelist, and cultural commentator. One of the most prolific figures in Canadian letters, he has written or edited more than fifty books, including a dozen volumes of poetry, four book-length fictions, and a two-volume memoir. He lives in Toronto and Vancouver.
Fetherling was born in West Virginia, in the United States, on January 1, 1949. He moved to Canada at age eighteen. He started in the Canadian literary industry in 1966 in Toronto, where he was the first employee of publisher House of Anansi. Born Douglas, Fetherling began publishing under his father's name, George, in 1999. He began writing for the book reviews section of the "Vancouver Sun" in 2000. He is the author of British Columbia literary figure George Woodcock's only biography. 
A study of Fetherling's books "George Fetherling and His Work", edited by Linda Rogers, features essays by W. H. New, George Elliott Clarke, Brian Busby and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2923830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923830" title="Timothy W. Ryback">
Timothy W. Ryback

Timothy W. Ryback is the Deputy-Secretary General of the Académie Diplomatique Internationale in Paris, and co-founder of the Institute for Historical Justice and Reconciliation in The Hague. He was previously Director and Vice President of the Salzburg Global Seminar and a lecturer in the Concentration of History and Literature at Harvard University.
Ryback has written on European history, politics and culture for numerous publications, including The Atlantic Monthly, The New Yorker and The New York Times. He is also author of "The Last Survivor: Legacies of Dachau", published by Pantheon in 2000, a New York Times notable book for 2000. He also wrote "Hitler's Private Library: The Books That Shaped His Life", published by Alfred A. Knopf in October 2008. The book has appeared in more than two dozen editions around the world, and has been both praised for the insights it yields into Hitler's life and personality and criticized for some imprecisions (for instance in its discussion of Thomas Carlyle) and its lack of comprehensiveness. Ian Kershaw has praised the book for being “elegantly written, meticulously researched, fascinating”. 
Ryback is also author of "Rock Around the Bloc: A History of Rock Music in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union", published by Oxford University Press in 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923832" title="Radzymin">
Radzymin

Radzymin is a town in Poland and is one of the distant suburbs of the city of Warsaw. It is located in the powiat of Wołomin of the Masovian Voivodeship. The town has 8,818 inhabitants (as of 2008, but the surrounding commune is heavily populated and has an additional 11,000 inhabitants).
History.
Radzymin was founded by Bolesław IV of Warsaw in 1440. It was granted a town charter in 1475. Since then, the town shared the fate of the nearby city of Warsaw, located only away. The town is notable for two major battles that took place there in the 20th century − the Battle of Radzymin (1920) and Battle of Radzymin (1944).
Notable people.
It is the birthplace of the linguist Jan Baudouin de Courtenay. Nobel laureate in Literature Isaac Bashevis Singer was born in Leoncin, but lived in Radzymin during childhood (though some sources claims Radzymin as his birthplace)
Marecka Kolej Dojazdowa.
The Marecka Kolej Dojazdowa () was a narrow gauge railway in Poland connecting Warsaw with Marki and Radzymin active from 1896 to 1974.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2923844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923844" title="Sixty Dome Mosque">
Sixty Dome Mosque

The Sixty Dome Mosque ( "Shaṭ Gombuj Moshjid") (more commonly known as "Shait Gambuj Mosque" or "Saith Gunbad Masjid") is a mosque in Bangladesh, the largest in that country from the Sultanate period. It has been described as "the most impressive Muslim monuments in the whole of the Indian subcontinent."
In mid-15th century, a Muslim colony was founded in the unfriendly mangrove forest of the Sundarbans near the coastline in the Bagerhat district by an obscure saint-General, named Jahan. He preached in an affluent city during the reign of Sultan Nasiruddin Mahmud Shah, then known as 'Khalifalabad'. Khan Jahan adorned this city with more than a dozen mosques, the spectacular ruins of which are focused around the most imposing and largest multidomed mosques in Bangladesh, known as the Shait-Gumbad Masjid (160'×108'). The construction of the mosque was started in 1442 and it was completed in 1459.The mosque was used for prayer purposes. It was also used as a madrasha and assembly hall.
Location.
It is located in Bagerhat district in southern Bangladesh which is in the division of Khulna.
It is about 3 miles far from the main town of Bagerhat. Bagerhat is nearly 200 miles away from Dhaka which is the capital of Bangladesh.
Style.
The 'Sixty Dome' Mosque has walls of unusually thick, tapered brick in the Tughlaq style and a hut-shaped roofline that anticipates later styles. The length of the mosque is 160 feet and width is 108 feet. There are 77 low domes arranged in seven rows of eleven, and one dome on each corner, bringing the total to 81 domes. There are four towers. Two of four towers were used to call azaan. The interior is divided into many aisles and bays by slender columns, which culminate in numerous arches that support the roof.
The mosque has 77 squat domes with 7 four-sided pitched Bengali domes in the middle row.The vast prayer hall, although provided with 11 arched doorways on east and 7 each on north and south for ventilation and light, presents a dark and somber appearance inside. It is divided into 7 longitudinal aisles and 11 deep bays by a forest of 60 slender stone columns, from which springs rows of endless arches, supporting the domes. Six feet thick, slightly tapering walls and hollow and round, almost detached corner towers, resembling the bastions of fortress, each capped by small rounded cupolas, recall the Tughlaq architecture of Delhi.The mosque represents wonderful archeological beauty which was the signature in the 15th century.
Sixty Domes or Sixty Columns.
The mosque is locally known as the 'Shat Gombuj Masjid', which in Bangla means Sixty Domed Mosque. However, there are 77 domes over the main hall and exactly 60 stone pillars. It is possible that the mosque was originally referred to as the Sixty Pillared Mosque where Amud (شصت عمؤد ) meaning column in Arabic/Persian, later got corrupted to Gombuj (গম্বুজ) in Bangla, which means domes.

</doc>
<doc id="2923849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923849" title="Obersalzberg">
Obersalzberg

Obersalzberg is a mountainside retreat situated above the market town of Berchtesgaden in Bavaria, Germany, located about southeast of Munich, close to the border with Austria. The retreat is best known as the location of Adolf Hitler's mountain residence, the Berghof (demolished) with the nearby Mooslahnerkopf Teahouse (likewise), and the more elevated Kehlsteinhaus, popularly known as the 'Eagle's Nest'.
History.
The name of the settlement area derives from the rock salt deposits in the former Berchtesgaden Provostry documented since the 12th century. It was part of the provostry's Salzberg locality (a so-called "Gnotschaft"), where the Berchtesgaden salt mine was established in 1517. With the provostry it was securalised in 1803 and became a Bavarian municipality in 1810. Plans by Nazi authorities to merge it with Berchtesgaden were not carried out and Salzberg was not incorporated into Berchtesgaden until 1972.
Hitler's retreat.
In the late 19th century German intellectuals like Richard Voss and industrialists like Carl von Linde began using the area as both a summer and winter vacation retreat. The scenic landscape and sweeping mountain views also attracted Adolf Hitler, who had learned of Berchtesgaden through his party fellow Dietrich Eckart in the course of the Beer Hall Putsch in 1923, just before his imprisonment at Landsberg. It was in a cabin in Obersalzberg that he dictated Part Two of "Mein Kampf", which earned him large royalties. He became so fond of the area that by 1928 he began using his royalty income to rent a small chalet called "Haus Wachenfeld" from the widow of a Buxtehude manufacturer. 
Several months after Hitler's 1933 appointment as Chancellor of Germany he purchased "Haus Wachenfeld" and began making a series of three important renovations. The first included window shutters and a small office, followed a year later by a winter garden and stonework; finally the most extensive in 1935-1936 when the once modest chalet was finally transformed into the sprawling landhaus known as the Berghof.
Security zones.
Around Hitler's home, several Nazi leaders such as Hermann Göring, Martin Bormann and Albert Speer acquired residences. By 1935-36 Party Secretary Bormann had all residents of Obersalzberg either bought out or evicted, and three security zones were installed that encompassed the entire area. The expropriation not only concerned the secondary residences, but also several Alpine farms local families had held for centuries. After the demolition of the existing development, the so-called "Führersperrgebiet" shielded Hitler and his staff from public access. Two other security zones protected the heavily expanded "SS" and "SD" barracks, support staff, guest houses, underground bunkers and air raid shelters.
From 1938 Bormann also had the Kehlsteinhaus lodge erected on a rocky promontory, including a lift system from the upper end of the access road. Presented to Hitler on his 50th birthday in 1939, he nevertheless seldom visited it, though he and his mistress Eva Braun spent much time at Obersalzberg. From 1937 the German Reich Chancellery maintained a second seat in the nearby village of Bischofswiesen with Hitler receiving numerous guests of state at the Berghof. His last known visit was in 1944; he left for his Wolf's Lair headquarters on July 14 (see: 1944 Adolf Hitler assassination attempt) and never returned. 
The premises - except for the Kehlsteinhaus - were heavily damaged by an Allied air raid on 25 April 1945. The remains were set on fire by retreating "SS" troops and plundered by locals.
US Army.
US troops occupied the area on May 4. The former Nazi Party realties officially passed to the State of Bavaria in 1947, which instead of restoring them to their original owners sold them to the Steigenberger Hotels company. However, the Obersalzberg remained in use as a recreation park by the US military. Several structures, like the later General Walker Hotel, were rebuilt, while the ruins of Hitler's, Göring's and Bormann's residences were eradicated. The contract with Steigenberger was reversed in 1964.
The Americans did not withdraw until 1996, whereafter the Bavarian state government facilitated the erection of a hotel (operated by the InterContinental Hotels Group since 2005) and the Dokumentationszentrum Obersalzberg on the area's history, run by the Munich Institut für Zeitgeschichte.

</doc>
<doc id="2923861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923861" title="Yvon Villarceau">
Yvon Villarceau

Antoine-Joseph Yvon Villarceau (15 January 1813 – 23 December 1883) was a French astronomer, mathematician, and engineer.
He constructed an equatorial meridian-instrument and an isochronometric regulator for the Paris Observatory.
He wrote "Mecanique Celeste. Expose des Methodes de Wronski et Composantes des Forces Perturbatrices suivant les Axes Mobiles" (Paris: Gauthier-Villars, 1881) and "Sur l'établissement des arches de pont, envisagé au point de vue de la plus grande stabilité" (Paris: Imprimerie Impériale, 1853).
He is the eponym of Villarceau circles, which are two circular sections of a torus other than the two trivial ones.
A short street in the 16th arrondissement in Paris is named after Villarceau.

</doc>
<doc id="2923865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923865" title="Eagle's Nest Tunnel">
Eagle's Nest Tunnel

Eagle's Nest Tunnel is a road tunnel in Hong Kong. Officially opened on 21 March 2008, it connects Cheung Sha Wan and Sha Tin Valley through Eagle's Nest hill in Hong Kong in anticipation of future traffic demands generated by development in the northeast New Territories. It links south to Stonecutters Bridge and Nam Wan Tunnel, and north to Sha Tin Heights Tunnel to form a series of highways. The tunnel is part of Route 8. Together with Sha Tin Heights Tunnel, a toll of HK$8 (private cars) is charged.
The contract for the construction of the Eagle's Nest Tunnel was awarded to a joint venture between Leighton Contractors (Asia) Limited and Kumagai Gumi Company Ltd. Construction began in October 2003 and the estimated cost of the project is HK$1.84 billion.
The project comprises two 2.1 km, three-lane tunnels from Butterfly Valley to Sha Tin Valley through Eagle's Nest mountain (granite), and all the associated electrical, mechanical and landscaping works that will be necessary. The project was scheduled for completion in April 2007. The full scope of the construction project includes:
Sandvik Tamrock Corp supplied five new Tamrock Axera tunnelling jumbos for the Eagle's Nest tunnelling project. The first unit is a Tamrock Axera T08, a two-boom jumbo with basket boom and Tamrock Computer Aided Drilling (TCAD) instrumentation. This unit is used at the ventilation shaft and was delivered in April 2004. The remaining four units are all Tamrock Axera T12DATA - three-boom fully computerised jumbos with basket booms. These units were delivered to the site in summer 2004 and are being used in the main tunnel with two units drilling side-by-side for the cross section area of height 11.8m and width 16.3m.

</doc>
<doc id="2923884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923884" title="Hell Teacher Nūbē">
Hell Teacher Nūbē

The series follows , aka , the homeroom teacher for Class 5-3 at . More than a teacher, however, he is a skilled exorcist, protecting the town of Dōmori from supernatural threats with strength borrowed from a powerful demon sealed in his left hand—a technique he calls the .
Plot.
The basic formula for the manga chapters and anime episodes is as follows: what seems like a normal day at Dōmori Elementary is disrupted by some weird phenomenon, usually targeting one of Nūbē's own students. Nūbē is forced into action, most often using the power of the Demon's Hand to assist in solving the problem, but occasionally the solution lies either in another of his spiritual weapons, or somehow reasoning with or appeasing the threatening entity. By the end, things always seem to get back to normal, with Nūbē and his students having learned something from the experience. Most of the series retains an episodic formula, forgoing an overarching storyline in favor of more character-driven action, although there are several recurring antagonists throughout, as well as some longer story arcs towards the end of the series.
Characters.
The characters in "Hell Teacher Nūbē" can be divided into several distinct groups, each one separate from the others, yet consistently interacting with the others. 
Influences and Homages.
Although Shou and Okano created their universe of Nūbē as its own separate world, they were highly influenced by the works of several other authors, anime and manga artists in one way or another. For starters, Nūbē himself is a combination in design of Chirico Cuvie, main character of the anime "Armored Trooper Votoms" and Black Jack, from the classic medical manga by Osamu Tezuka. Similarly, several of the students gain their influence from series that have influenced the diversity of series nature: the school-comedy connection coming from the 1970s "Jump" series "Dokonjō Gaeru", the horror side from Go Nagai's classic "Devilman". Ritsuko-sensei's design is similar to many of the heroines of classic 1970s giant robot anime, and Minako-sensei design is similar to Honey Kisaragi's design from Cutie Honey. Finally, the yōkai themselves are derived in design from the works of painter Sekien Toriyama, known for his art of the supernatural.
Although there are many connections to the past in Nūbē, the series does acknowledge that it is one of many manga that exist within the "Weekly Shōnen Jump" anthology. Since the series exists in then-modern 1990s Japan, it is merely one part of the world in which they live in. There are consistently jokes breaking the fourth wall regarding Jump, whether it is Nūbē or one of his students reading the book or commenting about how the staff of the book may act regarding certain plot points. Similarly, several other "Jump" series occasionally receive mention either in tribute or for laughs. One of the consistent mentions regards Osamu Akimoto's long running police-comedy manga" Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo": both series have a similar story style where most stories are just one chapter episodes, yet the characters still grow and change through their run like the serial manga (though some of the comments were in regard to "Kochi Kame"'s extremely long run). Another consistent Jump target regarded Akira Toriyama's action classic "Dragon Ball". In this case, the tributes are varied, between the "artistic" appearance of characters like Son Goku or parodies of various attacks such as Nūbē going Super Saiyan or performing the fusion dance. Many other Jump manga from this era have also appeared in cameo within Nūbē as varied as "Midori no Makibaou", "", "Yu-Gi-Oh" and "Rurouni Kenshin"!
Since the manga was a period of its time in the mid/late 1990s, the series did touch and joke about many of the things within Japanese culture during this period of time. The series made passing references to politicians (such as prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa) and sports players, as well as having visual cameos of celebrities such as Takuya Kimura of SMAP and actress Ryōko Hirosue. However, amidst the spiritual encounters, the manga also touched on various crazes and factors within the society of the era. One chapter involved a pagers as part of a climax, while another involved the consequences of Hiroshi receiving his first personal computer in a period where computers and the internet were becoming more prominent. Other chapters acknowledged video games such as "Pokémon" and the "fighting monster" craze (followed up by a literal Pokémon parody in a volume page), the "Tamagotchi" games, and the Gainax series of "Princess Maker" games. (Although a more well known Gainax creation, "Neon Genesis Evangelion", got in a tiny reference in one of the other manga volumes, as does "Cowboy Bebop".)
Nūbē in Other Media.
A video game was released in Japan on the PlayStation in 1997. More recently, Nūbē and Yukime became support characters in the 2006 Nintendo DS game "Jump Ultimate Stars", with Hiroshi and Kyoko as help characters. Nūbē later appeared as a playable character in the 2014 PlayStation 3/PlayStation Vita game "J-Stars Victory Vs".

</doc>
<doc id="2923895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923895" title="Museums in Ireland">
Museums in Ireland

Museums in Ireland can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2923902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923902" title="Ian Peebles">
Ian Peebles

Ian Alexander Ross Peebles (20 January 190828 February 1980) was a cricketer who played for Oxford University, Middlesex, Scotland and England. After retiring from cricket he became a cricket writer, working as a journalist on The Sunday Times and as the author of many books on cricket.
Peebles had one of the strangest introductions to first-class cricket of any player. He was born in Aberdeen and came south to London as a teenager to take up a post as secretary to the cricket school run by the former South African Test player Aubrey Faulkner. He so impressed Faulkner and other observers, including Sir Pelham Warner, with his leg break and googly bowling that, when the amateurs were short of a team to play in the annual Gentlemen v Players match at The Oval, Peebles was invited to make up the numbers. He took just one wicket in that game and scored only a few runs, and was not notably more successful in end-of-season festival matches at Scarborough and Folkestone. But he was then picked, ostensibly as "secretary to the captain" for the 1927–1928 MCC tour to South Africa, where he played in the first four Tests.
In 1928, Peebles played his first county matches for Middlesex and the following year, as a regular in the team, he took 120 wickets at less than 20 runs per wicket. He was at Oxford for only one season, 1930, but took 70 wickets for the university, including 13 in the Varsity match against Cambridge.
This form brought him into the England Test team for the fourth Test against Australia at Old Trafford in July 1930, where he discomfited the top Australian batsmen. Bill Woodfull left a ball that passed over the middle stump; the great Donald Bradman was all but bowled by Peebles first ball, was then dropped in the slips and was finally caught for 14; and Peebles' first three balls to Alan Kippax all produced appeals for leg before wicket. Reports of the match suggested Peebles could be the match-winner England had sought against the batsmanship of Bradman and his colleagues – Bradman wrote of Peebles a few months later:
But the success was relative: in the final Test of the summer at The Oval, Peebles bowled 71 overs and took six wickets for 204 but that was in the context of an Australian total of 695. He was picked as a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1931.
Peebles had returned successfully to South Africa with MCC in 1930–31 and played regularly against New Zealand in 1931. But under the strain of constant bowling, his leg break became less effective. He was picked for the final Test against Australia in 1934, but had to decline the invitation because of injury.
Across the 1930s, Peebles was an enthusiastic member of amateur tours to farflung places, but he played only intermittently for Middlesex until 1939, when he reappeared full-time to captain the side. But by then his bowling was used very sparingly, and he took only 49 wickets in the season. He came back after the Second World War for some matches up to 1948, but the loss of an eye during a wartime air raid curtailed his effectiveness.
A noted bon viveur and raconteur, Peebles in retirement was employed in the wine trade and then as a writer and journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="2923914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923914" title="Zinaida Volkova">
Zinaida Volkova

Zinaida Volkova (née Bronstein, ) (March 27, 1901, Siberia - January 5, 1933, Berlin) was a Russian Marxist. She was Leon Trotsky's first daughter by his first wife, Aleksandra Sokolovskaya. She and her younger sister Nina were raised by their paternal grandparents after their parents divorced. 
She married twice, and had a daughter by her first husband and a son by her second. Both husbands died during the Great Purges. In 1931 Volkova was allowed to leave Russia, taking only her younger child, the son, with her into exile in Berlin. She left her daughter in the care of the girl's father, her first husband. Suffering from tuberculosis, then incurable, and depression, Volkova committed suicide in Berlin.
Biography.
Zinaida Lvovna Bronstein was born in Siberia, where her parents were living in exile at the time. Her sister Nina was born the next year. As a child, she and her younger sister Nina were raised mostly by her paternal grandparents, David and Anna Bronstein. The girls' parents parted ways in 1902 and as revolutionaries, were often traveling or living in hiding. 
After the Russian Revolution of 1917, Zinaida married Zakhar Borisovich Moglin (1897 - 1937). They had a daughter, Alexandra Moglina (1923 - 1989). They divorced in the mid-20s. Moglin died during the Great Purges. 
Bronstein married as her second husband, Platon Ivanovich Volkov (1898 - 1936), a Russian Trotskyite. The couple had a son, Vsevolod (diminutive Seva, later Esteban) Volkov, who was born in 1926. Volkov was exiled to Siberia in 1928, but returned in the early 1930s. Zinaida had already left Russia for Berlin with their son. Volkov was re-arrested in 1935 during the Great Purges and disappeared in the Gulag. 
For three months in 1928, Zinaida took care of her younger sister Nina, while the latter was dying of tuberculosis (TB), then incurable. Nina had married a man with the surname of Nevelson.
In 1931 Joseph Stalin allowed Zinaida Volkova to leave the Soviet Union to join her father, Leon Trotsky, in exile. She was allowed to take her son Vsevolod with her, but left her daughter Alexandra in Russia with the girl's father. 
Suffering from TB and depression, Volkova committed suicide in Berlin on January 5, 1933. She had been under the care of Arthur Kronfeld, a noted Berlin psychotherapist. She also saw Alexandra Ramm-Pfemfert. She was married to Franz Pfemfert, the founder of "Die Aktion," a journal of expressionism, and translator of books by Trotsky. 
Ken McMullen, in his film "Zina," suggests that the relationship between Volkova and her father Trotsky mirrors the Greek tragedy of Antigone. This idea was first substantially developed by the noted historian Isaac Deutscher in his 1963 book on Trotsky.
Descendants.
Zinaida's daughter Alexandra (born 1923) remained in the USSR and lived for a year with her father, Zakhar Moglin. After Moglin was exiled in 1932, she was cared for by her maternal grandmother, Alexandra Sokolovskaya. The latter was exiled in 1935 during the Great Purges and died in the labor camps. Finally, as an adult, Alexandra was also exiled, to Kazakhstan. She survived, returning to Moscow after Stalin's death. She died of cancer in 1989.
After Zinaida's death, her son, Vsevolod Volkov (born 1926), first lived with his grandfather Trotsky in Turkey. He was next cared for by his half-uncle, Lev Sedov (Trotsky's son by his second wife) in Germany, Austria and finally Paris. After Sedov died in 1938, his girlfriend wanted to keep the 12-year-old boy Vesevolod. Trotsky sued for custody and won the case, but Sedov's girlfriend took Vsevolod into hiding. 
Eventually, Trotsky's friends found Vsevolod and sent him to Mexico, where Trotsky had gone into exile. After Trotsky was assassinated by Stalin's agent Ramon Mercader in 1940, the 14-year-old Vsevolod remained in Mexico, living with family friends. 
He took the first name of Esteban (the Spanish equivalent of his name) and went to local schools and then to college, becoming an engineer. Esteban Volkov married and had four daughters. He is the current custodian of the Trotsky museum in Mexico City. 
One of his daughters, Nora Volkow, went to medical school in Mexico. A physician, she lives in the United States, where she is the director of the U.S. National Institute on Drug Abuse at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland near Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="2923916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923916" title="Kristjana Gunnars">
Kristjana Gunnars

Kristjana Gunnars (born March 19, 1948 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic-Canadian poet and novelist. Her volumes of poetry include "Settlement Poems", which focuses on 19th century Icelandic settlers in Manitoba, and "One-Eyed Moon Maps".

</doc>
<doc id="2923917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923917" title="Transport in Melbourne">
Transport in Melbourne

Transport in Melbourne consists of extensive networks and a wide variety of transport services in the city of Melbourne, Australia, including:
According to the 2006 Census, in terms of travel to work or study Melbourne has the second highest rate of public transport usage among Australian capital cities with 17.7%, however this is a far distant second to Sydney's 26.3% and only just greater than Brisbane' 17.5%. As of 2009, the share of public transport measured in passenger kilometres is around 11%, with private motor vehicle accounting for 89%. Melbourne has more roadspace per capita than any Australian city and its network of freeways is comparable with cities including Los Angeles and Atlanta and the city is also home to much of Australia's Automotive industry. In 2002, the state government set an "aspirational goal" as part of Melbourne 2030 for this mode share to decrease to 80%, however the Eddington Report released in 2008 concluded that the mode share of private vehicles is likely to stay the same (or increase) to over 90% in 2005. This is despite booming figures for public transport growth in recent years and despite studies into road congestion in 2008, official VicRoads figures showed no growth in car travel on Melbourne's roads, possibly due to roads reaching full capacity.
Public transport.
Melbourne is served by a public transport system integrating rail, tram and bus services. Its extensive tram network is the largest in the world, integrated into both bus and train networks. Almost 300 bus routes and a train system comprising 16 lines service Melbourne, Greater Melbourne and suburban regions. Metropolitan, rural and interstate railway networks link together at Southern Cross Station, in Melbourne's CBD (Central Business District).
A Space Syntax Approach Multiple Centrality Analysis of Melbourne's public transport network (excluding buses which were deemed too inefficient) in 2009, found that approximately 8.8% of the greater urban area and approximately 448,000 residents were serviced within 30 minutes of anywhere in the greater Melbourne area. This concluded that only 10–15% of the residents in Melbourne are serviced by appropriate and timely public transport.
The public transport system in Melbourne carries 7% of all trips within the metropolitan area. In early 2009 this figure increased to 9%, with the share measured in passenger kilometres increasing to 11%.
Since World War II, Melbourne urban form changed to a dispersed city, car-oriented pattern which caused a decline in public transport use by commuters. Yet the old pattern of transport still reflected the Melbourne’s urban form.
In 1999, operation of the city's public transport system was franchised with Government through a dedicated statutory office, the Director of Public Transport, contracting out operation of rail and tram services. In 2006, franchising was estimated to have cost taxpayers $1.2 billion more than if the system had remained publicly operated. With the franchise extensions in 2009, taxpayers will pay an estimated $2.1 billion more by 2010.
Melbourne has an integrated public transport ticketing system through Metcard and myki. Metcard enables passengers to buy one ticket for use on suburban bus, train and tram services for a specified time period. The other ticketing system is designed to replace Metcard and is called myki. myki is a contactless smartcard currently operating on all of Melbourne's trains, trams and buses. The rollout for myki began on Tuesday 29 December 2009, beginning with Melbourne's metropolitan railway network, and progressively onto trams and buses. myki is currently fully operational in the Melbourne metropolitan area, however no date has been announced for its operation on regional train and bus services.
A public bike-hire system came into service in mid-2010. Due to laws requiring all bike users to wear helmets (or face a fine of A$176), usage on the system has been lower than seen in other cities with similar systems. An attempt by the government has been made to rectify this by having helmet vending machines at some of the major bike stations, allowing spur-of-the-moment travel without risking a fine. The success of this is disputed. Public debate about the helmet laws remains ongoing.
Melbourne transit is unique in the way that the stations are considerably closer to each other than are other similar train services. Melbourne is also unique in the fact that most of the forms of mass transport in the city would actually be considered hybrids if not a class of their own. The tramway is, by definition (excluding station distances), a tramway/light rail hybrid. Similarly, the Melbourne trains are commuter rails/heavy rails hybrids. Passenger trains in Victoria do, however, have regional rail and inter-city rail (non-hybrid).
As of October 2013, smoking tobacco is prohibited in the sheltered areas of train stations, and tram and bus stops—between 2012 and 2013, 2002 people were issued with infringement notices. The state government announced a plan in October 2013 to prohibit smoking on all Victorian railway station platforms and raised tram stops.
Bus.
The bus network is run by several bus companies (approximately 50) under a franchise from the State Government. There are approximately 300 routes in operation with a varying range of service frequencies. A NightRider bus system operates on Friday and Saturday nights, and a Smart Bus orbital bus network is being set up, which is intended to facilitate cross city travel, while the current network is predominantly a radial network. Most of the bus network is a part of the Metlink network and a part of the Metcard ticketing system. The Skybus Super Shuttle is a non-Metcard based airport bus service. In addition, several local government councils operate free local community bus services within their local areas.
Tram.
Melbourne has the world's largest tram network, consisting of 245 kilometres of track, nearly 500 trams on 28 routes, and 1,813 tram stops. Two light-rail routes are also a part of the tram network. The tram network is a part of the Public Transport Victoria network and a part of the Metcard ticketing system.
The tram network is operated by KDR Melbourne, a private company trading as Yarra Trams after winning a contract to run the tram network from a company trading under the same name. Trams operate on many of the major roads in the inner suburbs, but only some trams operate on roads in middle and outer suburbs.
Heritage trams operate on the free City Circle route, intended for visitors to Melbourne, and privately run Colonial Tramcar Restaurant trams travel through the city during the evening.
Suburban Rail.
Melbourne's metro train network is operated by Metro Trains Melbourne, a private company, which took over from Connex Melbourne on 30 November 2009. The rail network consists of 16 railway lines and is a part of the Metlink network and a part of the Metcard ticketing system. Several sections of lines which are part of the V/Line network and which fall into the metropolitan area are also covered by Metcard.
With the exception of the Stony Point line and the greater metropolitan lines served by V/Line, the rest of the suburban railway network is electrified and services are operated by a fleet of 326 EMU trains.
Regional Rail.
Melbourne is the centre of a state-wide railway network, consisting of various lines used for both freight and passenger services.
Intrastate passenger services are operated by V/Line and a fleet of locomotive hauled trains and Diesel Multiple Units. There are seven passenger railway lines connecting Melbourne to various towns and cities in Victoria. Four of these lines were upgraded as part of the Regional Fast Rail project. The centre of the regional passenger railway network is Southern Cross Station located in the Melbourne CBD.
Melbourne is also connected to Sydney by the NSW TrainLink XPT and Adelaide by Great Southern Railway's "The Overland".
Public Transport Pricing.
As of January 2009, Melbourne public transport prices were slightly higher than in other mainland cities and comparable with Sydney. Prices quoted are for single full-fare prices and do not include discounts available for electronic tickets, such as myki in Melbourne or go card in Brisbane. As from 29 December, myki will be the only ticketing system in Melbourne, so the discounted pricing (not shown below) will become the standard. Unlike Sydney, Melbourne ticketing is multi-modal - a single ticket and a single price covers whatever transport you choose, being train, tram or bus.
Rail freight.
The Port of Melbourne is Australia's largest container and general cargo port. Regular shipping lines operate to around 300 cities around the world and 3200 ships visit the port each year. The Port of Melbourne is located in the inner west of Melbourne, near the junction of the Maribyrnong and Yarra rivers.
On 8 February 2008 the Port Phillip Channel Deepening Project, a dredging project to deepen Melbourne's shipping channels, began.
Melbourne also has an extensive network of railway lines and yards to serve freight traffic. The lines are of two gauges – broad gauge and standard gauge, and are not electrified. In the inner western suburbs of the city, freight trains have their own lines to operate upon, but in other areas trains are required to share the tracks with Metro Trains Melbourne and V/Line passenger services. The majority of freight terminals are located in the inner suburbs about the Port of Melbourne, located between the Melbourne CBD and Footscray.
Until the 1980s a number of suburban stations had their own goods yards, with freight trains running over the suburban network, often with the E or L class electric locomotives.
Airports.
Melbourne Airport, located in the north-western suburb of Tullamarine, is the nation's second busiest airport. Over 30 airlines and 22 million international and domestic passengers are served and service there each year. The airport is a hub for passenger airlines Qantas, Jetstar Airways, Tiger Airways Australia and Virgin Australia; and cargo airlines Australian air Express and Toll Priority.
Melbourne's second major passenger airport, Avalon Airport (Melbourne Avalon), is south-west of Melbourne, and north-east of Geelong. Avalon Airport is primarily used by Jetstar and operates flights to Brisbane, Sydney and Perth. AirAsia X was expected to commence flights from Avalon to Kuala Lumpur in October 2009, providing a low-cost service. This provides Melbourne with a second international airport, unique among all capital cities in Australia.
Melbourne's first major airport, Essendon Airport, is no longer used for scheduled international flights. Although a small number of regional airline flights operate from there it caters mainly to general aviation. The airport is also home to the state's Air Ambulance service.
Moorabbin Airport is located to the south of Melbourne, and is primarily used for recreational flying and for flying lessons. Moorabbin is also used for a small number of regional airline services, most notably to King Island, Tasmania. Moorabbin is a GAAP airport and its code is YMMB.
Airbase RAAF Point Cook, where the Royal Australian Air Force originated, is located near the city's south-western limits.
Road transport.
Motor vehicles are the predominate travel mode, as a result the freeways and roads in Melbourne are critically congested during peak hours. Many residents are car dependent due to minimal public transport outside of the inner city – the city is one of the most car-dependent cities in the world. The freeway network is the largest of any Australian city, with an extensive grid of arterial roads; the locations of which date back to the initial surveying of the city.
The total urban road area in Melbourne is 21,381 kilometres.
The beginnings of the freeway network was the 1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan, which included a grid of freeways that would cover the entire metropolitan area. In 1973 these plans were reviewed, with a large number of inner city projects deleted.
Freeways that were built throughout the 1960s and '70s included the South Eastern Arterial (now part of the Monash Freeway), the Tullamarine Freeway, the Lower Yarra Freeway (now West Gate Freeway) and the Eastern Freeway.
Further expansion occurred over the next thirty years, with the 'missing links' between the existing freeways built – completion of the Monash Freeway, CityLink, and the Western Ring Road. This period also saw further freeway expansion into suburbia with the Mornington Peninsula Freeway, Eastern Freeway extension, and the South Gippsland Freeway being constructed.
2008 saw the construction and opening of the EastLink radial freeway, as well as further extensions of existing freeways.
Despite government figures slowed growth in road travel since 2006 and zero growth in 2008/09 and the government's goal to reduce road use to 80% of all motorised trips, the State government announced a massive road infrastructure investment, continuing to complete some of the road projects from the 1969 Transport plan including Peninsula Link and North-East Link.
Bicycle.
Melbourne has an extensive network of bicycle paths and bicycle lanes on roads. These paths are used for both recreation and for commuting.
Around two per cent of all journeys in Melbourne are made by bicycle.
On 31 May 2010 the first public bicycle sharing system in Australia was launched in Melbourne. On completion the system will consist of 50 docking stations with 600 bikes, situated around the Melbourne CBD.
Taxi.
Taxis in Melbourne are regulated by the Taxi Services Commission which commenced that role on 1 July 2013. which commenced operation on 19 July. The inquiry is resulting in major reforms to Victoria's taxi industry and have far reaching impacts on taxi services in Melbourne and beyond. They are required to be painted canary yellow, but since October 2008 those that can operate at peak times, at night and at special events only must have green tops. Taxis operate and charge on a meter. There are 3,774 licensed taxis in Melbourne (including 235 wheelchair-accessible taxis). Taxi licenses are estimated to be valued at around $464,000, at
October 2008.
Ferry.
Station Pier in Port Phillip Bay is where cruise ships and ferries dock; the Spirit of Tasmania which crosses Bass Strait to Tasmania docks here. Ferries and cruises travel from Southbank along the Yarra River and around the bay to Williamstown, and also across Port Phillip Bay.
Legislation and governance.
Transport Integration Act.
The prime transport statute in Victoria is the Transport Integration Act. The Act establishes and sets the charters of the state agencies charged with providing transport services and managing the state's transport system. The Department of Transport is the agency responsible for the integration and coordination of Victoria's transport system and decision makers. The other key state agencies are –
Recent organisational changes.
A new Victorian Government was elected in late November 2010. There have been a number of significant organisational changes made by the Government through substantial change to the Transport Integration Act.
Public Transport Development Authority.
A key policy of the Government leading into the election was to create a Public Transport Development Authority (PTDA). The Government positioned the VTDA as an agency which is independent and which will coordinate all aspects of public transport in Victoria.
The Government indicated that the authority will plan, co-ordinate, manage and administer metropolitan trams, buses and trains, regional trains and buses, replacing the current structure of multiple agencies. The body was established in late 2011 and is expected to be fully operational by mid-2012. Planning for the Melbourne Airport, Rowville and Doncaster rail lines may be overseen by the new transport authority. The PTDA or Public Transport Victoria is now fully operational and has fully taken over the rail, tram and bus responsibilities of the Director of Public Transport and the activities of the Transport Ticketing Authority and MetLink which have each been abolished.
Taxi Services Commission.
The Government announced a Taxi Industry Inquiry and the establishment of a Taxi Services Commission (TSC) in early 2011. The inquiry was headed by Professor Allan Fels and is well underway. The agency which conducted the inquiry, the TSC, was announced as the successor to the current taxi industry regulator, the Victorian Taxi Directorate (part of the office of the Director of Public Transport which in turn forms part of the Department of Transport). The Government introduced special legislation to empower the inquiry – the Transport Legislation Amendment (Taxi Services Reform and Other Matters) Act 2011 – which was enacted in late June 2011. The TSC was formally established on 19 July 2011 and formally took over as the States's taxi and hire car regulator on 1 July 2013.
Port of Hastings Development Authority.
The Government reversed the merger of the Port of Melbourne Corporation (PMC) and the Port of Hastings Corporation which occurred in late 2010. Ports Minister, Dr Denis Napthine, devised a new agency, the Port of Hastings Development Authority, oversee the development of the port of Hastings as a competitor in container trade to the PMC. Legislation for this purpose was passed by the Victorian Parliament towards the end of 2011 and the authority commenced operation on 1 January 2012.
Safety regulation and investigation.
Rail Safety.
The safety of rail operations in Melbourne is regulated by the Rail Safety Act 2006 which applies to all commercial passenger and freight operations as well as tourist and heritage railways. The Act creates a framework containing safety duties for all rail industry participants and requires rail operators who manage infrastructure and rolling stock to obtain accreditation prior to commencing operations. Accredited rail operators are also required to have a safety management system to guide their operations. Sanctions applying to the safety scheme established under the Rail Safety Act are contained in the Transport (Compliance and Miscellaneous) Act 1983.
Bus and marine safety.
Safety regulation of the bus and marine sectors is also overseen by the Director, Transport Safety under the Bus Safety Act 2009 and the Marine Act 1988 respectively. These sectors are also subject to a no blame safety investigations regime conducted by the Chief Investigator, Transport Safety.
Safety regulator.
The safety regulator for the rail, bus and marine systems in Melbourne is the Director, Transport Safety (trading as Transport Safety Victoria). The Director's office is established under the Transport Integration Act 2010.
Safety investigations.
Rail, bus and marine operators in Victoria can also be the subject of no blame investigations conducted by the Chief Investigator, Transport Safety or the Australian Transport Safety Bureau(ATSB). The Chief Investigator is charged by the Transport Integration Act with conducting investigations into rail, bus and marine safety matters including incidents and trends. ATSB, on the other hand, has jurisdiction over rail matters only where they occur on the Designated Interstate Rail Network, marine matters if the ships are under Commonwealth or AMSA regulation and bus safety matters by invitation of the jurisdiction.
Ticketing and conduct requirements.
Ticketing requirements for rail, tram and buses services in Victoria are mainly contained in the Transport (Ticketing) Regulations 2006 and the Victorian Fares and Ticketing Manual. Rules about safe and fair behaviour on trains and trams in Victoria are generally contained in the Transport (Compliance and Miscellaneous) Act 1983 and the Transport (Conduct) Regulations 2005. Conduct requirements for buses are set out in the same Act as well as the Transport (Passenger Vehicles) Regulations 2005.
Timeline.
During Melbourne's history, the transport system and infrastructure has been subject to strategic planning at several levels of government.

</doc>
<doc id="2923920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923920" title="Japanese torpedo boat Kotaka">
Japanese torpedo boat Kotaka

She participated in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895) and the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905). She was decommissioned on 1 April 1908, to become a training ship. She was retired on 1 March 1916, but again reactivated in 1917, ending her career in January 1927.
When launched in 1888, the "Kotaka", at 203 tons, was the largest torpedo boat in the world, and ""was the forerunner of torpedo-boat destroyers that appeared a decade later"" ("Kaigun", David C. Evans). She was armed with four 1-pounder (37 mm) quick-firing guns and six torpedo tubes. In the following years, the Imperial Japanese Navy equipped herself with much smaller torpedo boats of French design, but in her trials in 1899, the "Kotaka" demonstrated that she could go beyond a role of coastal defense, and was capable of following larger ships on the high seas. The British shipbuilder Yarrow ""considered Japan to have effectively invented the destroyer"" (Howe).
In 1904, "Kotaka" was experimentally refitted with a mixed oil and coal engine, instead of her original coal-only propulsion.

</doc>
<doc id="2923921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923921" title="Fiction Collective Two">
Fiction Collective Two

Fiction Collective Two (FC2) is an author-run, not-for-profit publisher of avant-garde, experimental fiction supported in part by the University of Utah, the University of Alabama, Central Michigan University, private contributors, arts organizations and foundations, and contest fees.
FC2 is "devoted to publishing fiction considered by America's largest publishers too challenging, innovative, or heterodox for the commercial milieu… FC2's mission has been and remains to publish books of high quality and exceptional ambition whose styles, subject matter, or forms push the limits of American publishing and reshape our literary culture."
History.
The precursor to FC2, the Fiction Collective, was founded in 1974 by Jonathan Baumbach, Peter Spielberg, B. H. Friedman, Mark Jay Mirsky, Steve Katz, and Ronald Sukenick, among others. It formed the first US not-for-profit publishing collective run by innovative authors and for innovative authors. According to Sukenick, the Fiction Collective was intended to "make serious novels and story collections available in simultaneous hard and quality paper editions" and to "keep them in print permanently." Although geographically disparate (including members in California and Colorado), the offices of the Fiction Collective were located at Brooklyn College. FC established distribution in the fall of 1974, utilizing George Braziller, a distributor of European fiction. For the remainder of the 1970s and much of the 1980s, the Fiction Collective published steadily (usually around six books a year), supported by The New York State Council for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts.
In 1986, reductions in arts funding enacted by the Reagan administration resulted in denial of the Fiction Collective's NEA grant application. During this period, the organization also struggled with decision-making and management issues. In 1989, Curtis White, Ronald Sukenick, Mark Leyner, Jonathan Baumbach, B. H. Friedman, and Peter Spielberg decided to reorganize the press, and founded Fiction Collective Two, or FC2 for short.
The new iteration of the press began once again to receive National Endowment for the Arts funding in the mid-1990s, but in 1996 that funding was challenged by the Congressional Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, due to material in FC2 books the Committee deemed offensive. During the subsequent hearings, FC2 received public support from such writers as Mark Strand, William H. Gass, and Toni Morrison. Despite the hearings, FC2 continued to publish throughout the 1990s, including several notable titles (Mark Amerika's "The Kafka Chronicles", Cris Mazza's "Revelation Countdown", and Samuel R. Delany's "Hogg" among them) under their Avant-Pop imprint, Black Ice Books.
From 1999 to 2002, FC2 underwent several changes: managing editor Curtis White stepped down; FC2 authors R. M. Berry and Jeffrey DeShell re-organized the press and became acting publishers for a time; and then Lance Olsen became the new Chair of the Board of Directors, and a new Board of Advisors was formed. In 2006, FC2 moved marketing and distribution from Illinois State University to the University of Alabama Press. Layout and design continues to be performed at Publications Center at Illinois State University. In 2007 FC2 moved its business offices from Florida State University to the University of Houston–Victoria. In 2011, FC2 closed its business offices at University of Houston–Victoria, and Olsen oversees operations from the University of Utah.
Organization.
FC2 is an imprint of the University of Alabama Press where book production (generally six new books a year and one reprint), distribution, and marketing are handled. FC2's editorial offices reside at Central Michigan University. Business and general operations are overseen at the University of Utah. Since 2002, author Lance Olsen (University of Utah) has served as the Chair of the Board of Directors, which, in 2014, consisted of Kate Bernheimer (University of Arizona), Jeffrey Deshell (University of Colorado-Boulder), Noy Holland (University of Massachusetts), Michael Mejia (University of Utah), Matthew Roberson (Central Michigan University), Elisabeth Sheffield (University of Colorado-Boulder), Susan Steinberg (University of San Francisco), and Dan Waterman (non-voting representative for University of Alabama Press).
Contests.
FC2 sponsors two book contests annually. The Ronald Sukenick American Book Review Innovative Fiction Prize was started in 2006 as a way to find emerging authors whose innovative aesthetic vision harmonizes with that of FC2. According to the contest page, "the prize is open to any U.S. writer in English who has not previously published with Fiction Collective Two." The winner receives publication of her/his manuscript and $1500. The 2012 winner was Luke B. Goebel for "Fourteen Stories None of Them Are Yours".
In 2008, FC2 launched the Catherine Doctorow Innovative Fiction Prize to bring other established innovative writers to the press. The prize is "open to any U.S. writer in English with at least three books of fiction published." The winner receives publication of her/his manuscript and $15,000. The 2012 winner was Michelle Richmond for "The Hero of Queens Boulevard and Other Stories".
Each year both prizes run from August 15 through November 1. Winners are announced in May.
Literary impact.
Since its founding in 1974, the press (the Fiction Collective, FC2, and the FC2 imprint Black Ice Books) has published more than 200 books. They have been mentioned in the "top books" of "The Nation", "Publishers Weekly", "The Village Voice", and "The New York Times Book Review". FC2 authors Clarence Major, Gerald Vizenor and Diane Glancy were included in the "Norton Anthology of American Literature" (fifth edition). Curtis White, Ricardo Cortez Cruz, Gerald Vizenor, Mark Leyner and Samuel R. Delany were also included in "Postmodern American Fiction: A Norton Anthology". In 2002, the American Academy of Arts and Letters honored founder Ronald Sukenick with the Morton Dauwen Zabel Award, stating "he has been an explorer, a courageous adventurer, and an absolutely necessary component of American literature."
The press and its authors have also been the subjects of essays in such journals as "Critique", the "Review of Contemporary Fiction", the "Chicago Review", "Poets & Writers", "Contemporary Literature", "TriQuarterly", "Rain Taxi", "American Book Review", "Extrapolation", and "The Chronicle of Higher Education". FC2 authors have received awards and nominations from PEN West, the Oregon Book Award, the Independent Publisher Award for Multicultural Fiction, the American Book Awards, the Western Book Award, the N.E.A., the Guggenheim Foundation, and the BEA Firecracker Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2923932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923932" title="Henderson Avenue Public School">
Henderson Avenue Public School

Henderson Avenue Public School in Thornhill, Ontario was built in 1952 and opened on October 20, 1953. From 1953-1961, the school consisted of a hall and 7 classrooms. In 1962, the school had 13 rooms added to it, bringing it to a total of 20 classrooms.The school's mascot was originally the Henderson Hornets, but then was later changed to the Henderson Hawks. The school stood until July 16, 1998. The school was being renovated when fire broke out in the South Hall and burned down the whole school with nothing left but a stained glass window and a few bricks. 
The rest of the school had been left with nothing but the burnt steel frame in a few cases. Eventually, the school was rebuilt with funding from the York Region District School Board, the local newspaper and parents living near the school. The new school consisted of 15 classrooms, a gym and a library; this building was built in a U shape and opened on March 23, 2000. 500 bricks were taken from the wreckage and have been built into a wall across from the office with a commemoration to the fire and old building. The students at the school finished moving back in from Bayview Fairways P.S. and Bayview Glen P.S. the following week. Today, the school houses 18 classes in 16 classrooms and 3 portables (Music, 4/5, and 3/4) from Kindergarten to Grade 8 including 5 gifted classes. The school is currently located at 66 Henderson Avenue and is served by the YRT Bus Routes 2 as well as the TTC routes 53, 60, 97, 98, Viva Blue, Viva Pink, and the YRT Routes 1, 5, 23, 77, 88, 91 and 99 all within a 15-minute walk.
1987 Tragedy.
On Sept.2, 1987 days before school was to start, Henderson Avenue's much loved Principal and rising star Bruce Miller was killed in a motorcycle accident, it was his daughter's 15th birthday, he was 38 years old. Staff and students planted a tree in memory of Mr. Miller with a plaque that reads "Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see". Mr. Miller's widow and three children took part in the ceremony. Each of the schools in the York Region District School Board flew their flags at half mast on the first day of school in memory of him.
Both the tree and plaque survived the fire of 1998 and were relocated when the rebuild was completed.
1989 Fire.
In 1989, a suspicious fire occurred within the school. An investigation led to a garbage can being ignited in an act of arson.
1994 Bomb Threat.
In 1994, when Henderson celebrated its 40th Anniversary of the school opening, 2 students dug a "time capsule" into the ground. Days later a dog found it and the dog's owner confused the capsule for a bomb.
It is known that this incident of the supposed "bomb threat", originated when a grade 6 French class created their time capsule which consisted of all French. After the bomb squad had dug up the capsule which was buried behind the forest of the school, they found the source of the humming inside the capsule making nearby residents and civilians believe there was a bomb threat was a completely harmless electric device.
1998 Fire.
In 1998, one of Thornhill's largest fires occurred when the roof of the school was being pulled off due to asbestos. As the roof was being pulled off, a spark was ignited and the school began to fume. The school burned to the ground after 10 hours and was rebuilt while HAPS was housed at Bayview Fairways Public School and Bayview Glen Public School. The school officially reopened in 2000.
2013 New Classroom.
In 2013, a new classroom was being built for the Primary division. The classroom was built to accommodate another class of kindergartners, due to the new Full Day Kindergarten in Ontario. The classroom was built on the end of the Primary hallway, on a part of the pavement that was used solely for student's activities at recess.
The Gifted Program.
Henderson Avenue Public School is the current gifted program school for the Central Thornhill/Southern Richmond Hill area of York Region. Every year in York Region, 10,000 students go through the Gifted Test and the best 1,500 move on to a second stage. Out of the second stage, 250 students are selected to enter the GSPO (Gifted Student's Program of Ontario) in one of the 10 schools that have the gifted program or the 1-day/week program (Pr.I.D.E.) at Silver Stream Public School (south) or Lake Wilcox Public School (north).
School Buses.
At Henderson Avenue PS, most students ride buses. The Bus and the regions that they serve are:

</doc>
<doc id="2923937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923937" title="Nine-Power Treaty">
Nine-Power Treaty

The or Nine Power Agreement () was a 1922 treaty affirming the sovereignty and territorial integrity of China as per the Open Door Policy. This was after the Suzerainty system fell apart after the Western invasions of the Opium Wars, that outlawed the Chinese "Closed Door Policy" into China of the former Imperial Qing dynasty.
The Nine-Power Treaty was signed on 6 February 1922 by all of the attendees to the Washington Naval Conference: the United States, Belgium, the British Empire, Republic of China, France, Italy, Imperial Japan, the Netherlands, and Portugal. 
History.
Open Door Policy.
United States Secretary of State John Hay had issued the "Open Door Notes" of September–November 1899, followed by a diplomatic circular in July 1900, asking that all of the major world powers with vested interests in China declare formally that they would maintain an 'open door' to allow all nations equal rights and equal access to the treaty ports within their spheres of influence in China. Fearing that the European powers and Japan were preparing to carve China up into colonies, Hay also added provisions that Chinese territorial and administrative integrity should be maintained.
Although no nation specifically affirmed Hay’s proposal, Hay announced that each of the powers had granted consent in principle and treaties made after 1900 make reference to the Open Door Policy. Nonetheless, competition between the various powers for special concessions within Quing dynasty Imperial China for railroad rights, mining rights, loans, foreign trade ports, and privilege continued unabated.
The United States was especially leery of Japanese designs on China, after the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905) and the Twenty-One Demands (1915), and repeatedly signed agreements with the Japanese government pledging to maintain a policy of equality in Manchuria and the rest of Mainland China. These agreements concluded with Lansing-Ishii Agreement in 1917, which was soon shown to be completely ineffective.
Washington Naval Conference.
During the Washington Naval Conference of 1921–1922, the United States government again raised the Open Door Policy as an international issue, and had all of the attendees (United States, Republic of China, Imperial Japan, France, Great Britain, Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, and Portugal) sign the Nine-Power Treaty which intended to make the Open Door Policy international law.
The Nine-Power Treaty, concurrent with the Shangtung Treaty of the Washington Naval Conference, effectively prompted Japan to return territorial control of the Shandong Province, of the Shandong Problem, to the Republic of China (1912-49). The Nine-Power Treaty was one of several treaties concluded at the Washington Naval Conference. Other major agreements included the Four-Power Treaty, the Five-Power Treaty, and the Shangtung Treaty.
Effectiveness.
The Nine-Power Treaty lacked any enforcement regulations, and when violated by Japan during its invasion of Manchuria in 1931 and creation of Manchukuo, the United States could do little more than issue protests and impose economic sanctions. In November 1937, the signatories of the Nine-Power Treaty convened in Brussels for the Nine Power Treaty Conference after the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, but to no avail. It did have a role in checking Japanese aggression in the Battle of Shanghai. 
World peace in 1937 was disrupted by war in Europe and the non-interventionism of the United States. China's hope for international intervention to Japanese invasion was not met.
World War II effectively violated the Nine-Power Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="2923940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923940" title="Tangamong Lake">
Tangamong Lake

Tangamong Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in the township of Wollaston, Hastings County in eastern Ontario, Canada, at the easternmost end of the Kawartha Lakes chain. It is also part of area of responsibility of the Crowe Valley Conservation Authority.
Tangamong Lake is host to a variety of fish species, including; large and smallmouth bass, walleye, northern pike, perch, bluegill and musky.
The primary inflow is the Crowe River at the north, and the primary outflow is also the Crowe River, which exits the lake at thesoutheast to Whetstone Lake via a small waterfall. The Crowe River flows via the Trent River to the Bay of Quinte on Lake Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2923946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923946" title="Ramón Miranda Ampuero">
Ramón Miranda Ampuero

Ramón Humberto Miranda Ampuero (born October 28, 1926) is a former Peruvian General officer and politician who served as the Minister of Education.
Biography.
He was born in Chorrillos District, Lima - Peru, to Froylan Miranda Barreto and Manuela Ampuero Corrales. He studied at the Colegio Claretiano in Magdalena del Mar District. On March 13, 1943, he was accepted into the Military Academy of Chorrillos where he graduated with the rank of Officer on January 1, 1947.
In 1951, he married with Maria Eyzaguirre Tizon, and has six sons.
He studied in the Superior War Academy of Military Strategy (Escuela Superior de Guerra de Estrategia Militar) and the Center for Advanced Military Studies (CAEM) in Peru; the Institute for Antiaircraft Artillery and Countersubversive War in Panamá; and the Command and General Staff College in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
Miranda Ampuero was a member of the Committee for the Assessment of the Presidency of the Republic of Peru (1971–1974), President of the Peruvian Telephone Directory Agency (1974) and Minister of Education of Peru (1975–1976). He was a functionary of the Peruvian Institute of Infantry Development (1982–1992).
He was awarded with the Military Order Ayacucho in the Official Grade, with the Peruvian Cross for Military Merit (Grand Cross), with the Order of the Sun, and he was recognized by the Peruvian Air Force. He also published "The Conflicts of Integration".
During his tenure as Minister of Education, he instituted the Escuelas Superiores de Educación Profesional ESEPS (Advanced Institutes of Professional Education) and intensified the Educational Reform program in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="2923947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923947" title="Anaconda (poker)">
Anaconda (poker)

Anaconda is a variety of draw poker. Other names for this game include "Pass the Trash", "Screw Your Neighbor", "Fuck Your Neighbor", and "3,2,1 Left".
Simple play.
Each player is dealt seven cards. They then each select three cards to be passed to the player on their left. These cards are simply set on the table near their left-most opponent. No players get to see their new three cards until everyone has made a pass. Afterward, the players repeat the process, only with two cards, then again with one card. Players then discard two cards to make their best five-card poker hand.
In this version of the game, up to seven people can play, passing out a total of 49 cards and having three left over.
Betting.
A round of betting occurs before the first pass of three cards, then again after every card pass is made. Once players have set their hands, one card at a time is rolled, with a round of betting following each card.
Variations.
Anaconda can be changed in many ways, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="2923949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923949" title="William Allen High School">
William Allen High School

William Allen High School is one of two, large urban, public high schools of the Allentown School District located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The school provides grades 9th through 12th. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 6% of its teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act. In 2012, William Allen High School had a teaching staff of 200, yielding a student-teacher ratio of 15:1.
William Allen High School is located at 106 North 17th Street, Allentown. It serves students from the western and southern parts of the city. Allentown's other public high school, Dieruff High School, serves students from the city's eastern and northern parts. Until Dieruff's opening in 1959, William Allen High School was known as Allentown High School. The student body makeup is 53 percent male and 47 percent female, and the total minority enrollment is 82 percent.
With 3,705 students in the 2006-2007 school year, William Allen High School was the largest high school in the city of Allentown, the largest high school in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, and the third largest high school in the state of Pennsylvania. In 2011, enrollment was reported as 3,115 pupils, with 220 teachers. By the fall of 2013, enrollment had declined significantly to 2,595 pupils. In 2013, 84% of pupils are eligible for a federal free or reduced price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. Additionally, 19% of pupils received special education services, while 5.7% of pupils were identified as being gifted.
High school students may choose to attend Lehigh Career and Technical Institute for vocational training in the trades [http://www.lcti.org]. The Carbon-Lehigh Intermediate Unit IU21 provides the Allentown School District with a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, speech and visual disability services and professional development for staff and faculty.
In 2013, Allentown School District administration reported that it had lost 625 pupils to area public charter schools, local private schools and state approved public, cyber charter schools. The local charter schools include: Roberto Clemente Charter School, Lehigh Valley Dual Language Charter School, Medical Academy Charter School, and Lincoln Leadership Academy Charter School.
History.
Allentown High School was first established in a building on South Penn Street in 1858. In 1869, the first commencement ceremony took place - three students graduated. A new high school was built in 1894 (which is now used as Central Elementary School) at Lumber and Turner Streets. In 1916, a new Allentown High School was opened at its current location on Seventeenth Street. The Annex and Little Palestra were built in 1930, and the Linden Street Wing was opened in 1957. The school was renamed William Allen High School in 1960. In 1975, a Library-Science Center was built on the site of the Little Palestra. In 2010 a new 9th grade center was built on the former St. Cloud Building site, at the corner of Linden and St. Cloud streets. It was then dedicated as the "Clifford S. Bartholomew Building".
In 2010 and 2011, the largest and most expensive renovation in the schools' history took place. While still maintaining the architectural features in the older structures. It resulted in a new 4 story building, along with extensive renovations done to the 7 other campus buildings.
Also resulting in over $1 million spent on the auditorium. "To give students access to the most advanced stage equipment and to restore it to the beauty and class it exhibited when it was first built." From new curtains, new seating, and restoration done to the imported Stretched Oil on Canvas Portrait situated above the stage. Along with restoration to historic plaster work that adorns the walls and ceilings. A 15 ft stage extension was also built. Lighting and sound upgrades consist of a "state of the art" ETC Lighting Console along with 2 dimming cabinets and 20 led color changing border light alternatives, and, a Custom integrated Simple and Front of House sound system with an independently dedicated SFX system and Yamaha Ls9 console with iPad for remote mixing. As one patron said, "Parkland may have a nice theater, but this is class".
All of the remaining buildings were gutted, and each one receiving new; walls, ceilings, floors, windows, paint, doors/ stairwells, and air conditioning throughout all 7 buildings. New dance studios were constructed on the first floor of the Annex Building 2 with proper floors/mats. Art rooms, chorus and band facilities, were constructed in the Linden Building 6 and 7. Art Labs were equipped with proper tables, lighting and tech. In the other buildings, renovations include, up graded science lab equipment, new tables in the cafeterias, a multimedia center, and upgrades in the black box theater, and hundreds of new and refurbished class room spaces, also, elevators were put in buildings that were without and accessible facilities were created for the disabled.
In all the William Allen Campus is finally equipped to provide students with a proper 21st century education in the schools Academic and Arts Academies of Study.
The school is named after William Allen, Chief Justice of the Province of Pennsylvania and former mayor of Philadelphia. He founded the city of Allentown, Pennsylvania in 1762.
Graduation rate.
In 2013, Allen High School’s graduation rate was 57.80%. In 2012, Allen High School’s graduation rate was 62.37%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 61.82%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Area High School's rate was 62.37% for 2010.
Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program.
In July 2012 and 2013, the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE) released a report identifying seventeen Allentown School District schools as among the lowest achieving schools for reading and mathematics in 2011 and 2012. Allentown High School was among the 15% lowest achieving schools in the Commonwealth. Parents and students may be eligible for scholarships to transfer to another public or nonpublic school through the state's Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program passed in June 2012. The scholarships are limited to those students whose family's income is less than $60,000 annually, with another $12,000 allowed per dependent. Maximum scholarship award is $8,500, with special education students receiving up to $15,000 for a year's tuition. Parents pay any difference between the scholarship amount and the receiving school's tuition rate. Students may seek admission to neighboring public school districts. Each year the PDE publishes the tuition rate for each individual public school district. Fifty-three public schools in Allegheny County are among the lowest-achieving schools in 2011. According to the report, parents in 414 public schools (74 school districts) were offered access to these scholarships. For the 2012-13 school year, eight public school districts in Pennsylvania had all of their schools placed on the list including: Sto-Rox School District, Chester Upland School District, Clairton City School District, Duquesne City School District, Farrell Area School District, Wilkinsburg Borough School District, William Penn School District and Steelton-Highspire School District. Funding for the scholarships comes from donations by businesses which receive a state tax credit for donating.
AYP history.
In 2012, William Allen High School declined to Corrective Action II 6th Year Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status, due to a low graduation rate and chronic, low academic outcomes. In 2011, the High School declined to Corrective Action II 5th Year, due to chronic low academic achievement and a low graduation rate.
Academics.
2013 school performance profile.
William Allen High School achieved just 53.1 out of 100. The score reflects on grade level reading, mathematics skills and science achievement. In reading/literature - 47% of the pupils were on grade level. In Algebra 1, 33.98% showed on grade level skills. In Biology, just 15% showed on grade level science understanding. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2,181 public schools (less than 73 percent of Pennsylvania public schools), achieved an academic score of 70 or higher. Pennsylvania 11th grade students no longer take the PSSAs. Instead, they now take the Keystone Exams at the end of the associated course.
PSSA results.
PSSAs are NCLB related examinations which were administered in Pennsylvania high schools from 2003 through 2012. Four exams were given to 11th graders in the spring, including: reading, math, science and writing. In 2013, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania changed its high school assessments to the Keystone Exams in Algebra 1, Reading/literature and Biology1. The exams are given at the end of the course, rather than all in the spring of the student's 11th grade year.
11th grade reading:
Science in motion William Allen High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Cedar Crest College provided the science enrichment experiences to schools in the region.
College Remediation Rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 48% of the Allentown School District high school graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Graduation requirements.
The Allentown Area School Board has determined that a student must earn 22.5 credits to graduate, including: English 4 credits, Math 3 credits, Social Studies 3.5 credits, Science 3 credits, Arts and Humanities 2 credits, Physical Education 0.8 credits, Health .5 credits, Computer application .5 credits, graduation project .2 credits and electives 5 credits.
For the Graduating Classes of 2012-2014, students must demonstrate PSSA (Pennsylvania System of School Assessment) proficiency in reading, mathematics, and writing. A student who does not attain proficiency on the 11th grade PSSA tests in reading, mathematics, and writing will graduate if he/she successfully completes one of the alternatives: pass the retest of the PSSAs; score at least 900 as a combined total of the verbal and mathematics sections on the SATs; obtain a senior year grade point average (GPA) of at least 2.0; or achieve the level of proficiency determined through their IEP process.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Allentown School District the requirements include a written paper to be completed by the first semester of the student’s senior year and an oral presentation to be given during his/her senior year. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania State Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. The exam is given at the end of the course. Keystone Exams replace the PSSAs for 11th grade.
Students have several opportunities to pass the Keystone Exams. Schools are mandated to provide targeted assistance to help the student be successful. Those who do not pass after several attempts can perform a project in order to graduate. For the class of 2019, a Composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
Dual enrollment.
The William Allen High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. Under state rules, other students that reside in the district, who attend a private school, a charter school or are homeschooled are eligible to participate in this program. In 2010, Governor Edward Rendell eliminated the grants to students, from the Commonwealth, due to a state budget crisis.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $34,122 for the program.
SAT scores.
In 2013, William Allen High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 457.89. The Math average score was 451.93. The Writing average score was 440. The College Board reported that statewide scores were: 494 in reading, 504 in math and 482 in writing. The nation-wide SAT results were the same as in 2012.
In 2012, 201 William Allen High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 431. The Math average score was 434. The Writing average score was 416. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 246 William Allen High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 456. The Math average score was 456. The Writing average score was 428. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education compared the SAT data of students in rural areas of Pennsylvania to students in urban areas. From 2003 to 2005, the average total SAT score for students in rural Pennsylvania was 992, while urban students averaged 1,006. During the same period, 28 percent of 11th and 12th graders in rural school districts took the exam, compared to 32 percent of urban students in the same grades. The average math and verbal scores were 495 and 497, respectively, for rural students, while urban test-takers averaged 499 and 507, respectively. Pennsylvania’s SAT composite score ranked low on the national scale in 2004. The composite SAT score of 1,003 left Pennsylvania ranking 44 out of the 50 states and Washington, DC.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education reported that 71 percent of students in rural areas of Pennsylvania chose to continue their education after high school in 2003, whereas 79 percent of urban high school graduates opted to continue their education.
AP courses.
In 2013, William Allen High School offered 15 Advanced Placement (AP) courses at a higher cost than regular courses. Students have the option of taking College Board approved courses and then taking the College Board's examination in the Spring. Students, who achieve a 3 or better on the exam, may be awarded college credits at US universities and colleges. Each higher education institution sets its own standards about what level of credits are awarded to a student based on their AP exam score. Most higher education give credits for scores of 4 or 5. Some schools also give credits for scores of 3. High schools give credits towards graduation to students who take the school's AP class. At William Allen High School just 15% of students, who took an AP course, earned a 3 or better on the exam.
Tuition.
Students who live in the Allentown School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Allentown School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. The 2012 tuition rate at William Allen High School is $9,858.67.
School safety and bullying.
The Allentown School District administration reported there were twenty three (23) incidents of bullying in the William Allen High School, in school year 2012-13. Additionally, there were 160 Incidents involving Local Law Enforcement, with 15 arrests. There were 22 incidents of assault on a student, 61 cases of harassment and 16 incidents of sexual misconduct. Each year the school safety data is reported by the district administration to the Safe School Center which publishes the reports online.
In 2011-12, the ASD administration reported there were forty four (44) incidents of bullying in the William Allen High School, in school year 2012-13. Additionally, there were 76 Incidents involving Local Law Enforcement, with 12 arrests. There were 47 incidents of assault on a student, 52 cases of harassment and 13 incidents of sexual misconduct.
The Allentown School Board has provided the district's antibully/cyberbullying policy online. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the District must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
2014 charges.
In April 2014, three Allen High School students were charged with harassment and ethnic intimidation after a video of the incident was posted on Facebook.
School improvement grant.
U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan announced in March 2012, that the first-year data suggest student achievement is improving at campuses that participated in the federal School Improvement Grant program. He reported that at nearly 60 percent of SIG schools, more students are demonstrating proficiency in reading and math. Nearly a quarter of those schools reported math improvement in the double digits, and close to 20 percent of schools saw double-digit gains in reading.
In the summer of 2011, the District administration did not apply for School Improvement Grant funding, from the federal government (over $9.9 million available). The high school was eligible for funding due to chronic low achievement. The grant stipulates the funds be used for improving student achievement using one of four federally dictated strategies. The strategies are: transformation, turnaround, restart with new faculty and administration or closure of failing schools. The Pennsylvania Education Secretary awarded $66 million to reform Pennsylvania's lowest achieving schools in August 2011. The funding is for three years.
For the 2010-11 school year, Allentown School District administration applied for a School Improvement Grant. William Allen High School was eligible for funding due to the chronic, low achievement at the senior high school as were five other Allentown School District schools. William Allen High School received $350,000 in a school Transformation grant.
In 2010, Pennsylvania received $141 million from the federal – US Department of Education, to turn around its worst-performing schools. The funds were disbursed via a competitive grant program. The Pennsylvania Department of Education has identified 200 Pennsylvania schools as "persistently lowest achieving," making them eligible for this special funding. Pennsylvania required low performing schools to apply or provide documentation about why they had not applied. The funds must be used, by the district, to turn around schools in one of four ways: school closure, restart - close the school and reopen it as a charter school. The other two options involve firing the principal. One would require at least half the faculty in a chronically poor performing school be dismissed. The second involves intensive teacher training coupled with strong curriculum revision or a longer school day.
District statewide ranking.
The Allentown School District was ranked 486th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times in 2013. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs. Writing exams were given to children in 5th, 8th and 11th grades.
Athletics.
William Allen is one of 12 high schools that compete in the Lehigh Valley Conference excluding the football team which is in MVC. The school plays its home football and some of its soccer games at J. Birney Crum Stadium. Most of its indoor athletics are played in the school's J. Milo Sewards Gymnasium. The school's primary athletic rivalry is with cross-town Dieruff High School.
Alma mater.
William Allen High School's Alma mater was written by Dorothy Newhard Knoff in 1912, and was set to music composed by Dr. Warren F. Acker in 1900.
All hail our Alma Mater dear,<br>
Our voice of praise and glory hear<br>
To whom all reverence we bear,<br>
Of you forgetful we'll be ne'er.<br>
We shall forever for you yearn<br>
And cherish all that we may learn<br>
Through future days of life,<br>
'Mid joy and strife;<br>
True may we stand, both to you<br>
And Canary and Blue.<br>
<br>
Throughout the land of you we'll sing,<br>
Loud will our praises ever ring,<br>
Of days that have passed by,<br>
Fond memories of dear old high.<br>
Oh Alma Mater, hear our praise;<br>
To you all honor we do raise;<br>
Through future days of life,<br>
'mid joy and strife;<br>
True may we stand, both to you<br>
And Canary and Blue.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2923964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923964" title="Inductive effect">
Inductive effect

In chemistry and physics, the 'Inductive Effect' is an experimentally observable effect of the transmission of charge through a chain of atoms in a molecule.
The permanent dipole induced in one bond by another is called inductive effect.
The electron cloud in a σ-bond between two unlike atoms is not uniform and is slightly displaced towards the more electronegative of the two atoms. This causes a permanent state of bond polarization, where the more electronegative atom has a slight negative charge (δ–) and the other atom has a slight positive charge (δ+). 
If the electronegative atom is then joined to a chain of atoms, usually carbon, the positive charge is relayed to the other atoms in the chain. This is the electron-withdrawing inductive effect, also known as the formula_1 effect.
Some groups, such as the alkyl group, are less electron-withdrawing than hydrogen and are therefore considered as electron-releasing. This is electron releasing character and is indicated by the formula_2 effect. In short, alkyl groups tend to give electrons, leading to induction effect.
As the induced change in polarity is less than the original polarity, the inductive effect rapidly dies out. Therefore, the effect is significant only over a short distance. The inductive effect is permanent but feeble, as it involves the shift of strongly held σ-bond electrons, and other stronger factors may overshadow this effect. 
Relative inductive effects have been experimentally measured with reference to hydrogen:
—NH3+ > —NO2 > —SO2R > -CN > -SO3H > -CHO > CO > —COOH > -COCl> -CONH2 > —F > —Cl > —Br > —I > —OH > —OR > -NH2 > —C6H5 > —CH=CH2 > —H
Also the inductive effect is dependent on the distance between the substituent group and the main group that react. That is, as the distance of the substituent group increases the Inductive effect weakens or decreases.
Inductive effects can be measured through the Hammett equation.
The inductive effect can also be used to determine the stability of a molecule depending on the charge present on the atom and the groups bonded to it. For example, if an atom has a positive charge and is attached to a −I group its charge becomes 'amplified' and the molecule becomes more unstable. Similarly, if an atom has a negative charge and is attached to a +I group its charge becomes 'amplified' and the molecule becomes more unstable. But, contrary to the above two cases, if an atom has a negative charge and is attached to a −I group its charge becomes 'de-amplified' and the molecule becomes more stable than if I-effect was not taken into consideration. Similarly, if an atom has a positive charge and is attached to a +I group its charge becomes 'de-amplified' and the molecule becomes more stable than if I-effect was not taken into consideration. The explanation for the above is given by the fact that more charge on an atom decreases stability and less charge on an atom increases stability.
The inductive effect also plays a vital role in deciding the acidity and basicity of a molecule. Groups having -I effect attached to a molecule increases the overall electron density on the molecule and the molecule is able to donate electrons, making it basic. Similarly groups having -I effect attached to a molecule decreases the overall electron density on the molecule making it electron deficient which results in its acidity. As the number of -I groups attached to a molecule increases, its acidity increases; as the number of +I groups on a molecule increases, its basicity increases.

</doc>
<doc id="2923973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923973" title="Payette National Forest">
Payette National Forest

The Payette National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in central western Idaho, in parts of Valley, Idaho, Adams, and Washington counties. The land area consists of approximately 2.3 million acres (9,300 km2) of federally managed lands. It is bordered by Hells Canyon National Recreation Area and the Hells Canyon to the west, Challis National Forest to the east, Boise National Forest to the south, and the Nez Perce National Forest to the north. The Payette National Forest is a part of the Intermountain Region (Region 4). It is under the jurisdiction of a forest supervisor in McCall and is divided into five ranger districts: McCall, Krassel, New Meadows, Council, and Weiser.
The Payette also provides the largest component of the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness, the second-largest designated wilderness area outside of Alaska. Approximately of it is within the wilderness, comprising one-third of its total acreage. (Five other National Forests also contribute to the River of No Return Wilderness, in addition to a small plot of land from the Bureau of Land Management.) It also provides the third-largest component of the Hells Canyon Wilderness.
The Forest Reserve Act of 1891 helped the creation of the Weiser Reserve in 1905 and the Idaho Reserve in 1908. A merger of these two reserves (later called forests) on April 1, 1944 created the official Payette National Forest. It is named for François Payette (1793-18xx), a French-Canadian fur trapper and later the manager of Fort Boise for the Hudson's Bay Company from 1835-1844. He was one of the first white men to settle in the area, venturing east from Astoria, Oregon in 1818. A large and amiable man, he was highly regarded for being very helpful to travelers. He returned to Montreal in 1844 and the remainder of his life is a mystery.
The Payette National Forest is located above the Idaho Batholith, the largest granitic body of rock in the United States. Glacial activity as recently as 15,000 years ago also shaped the character of the forest providing lakes and granite outcrops. The forest is made up of eight species of conifer trees, 300 species of mammals and birds, a number of fish species protected under the Endangered Species Act, and a wide variety of wildflowers. Streams and lakes drain into two of Idaho's major rivers, the Salmon or the Snake.

</doc>
<doc id="2923985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923985" title="Gloucester Road, London">
Gloucester Road, London

Gloucester Road (B325) is a street in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea of London. It runs north-south between Kensington Gardens (at which point it is known as Palace Gate) and the Old Brompton Road at the south end. At its intersection with Cromwell Road is Gloucester Road tube station, close to which there are several pubs, restaurants, many hotels and St. Stephen's Church (built in 1867 and, notably, the church warden of which was the poet T. S. Eliot).
The road is named after Maria, Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh who built a house there in 1805. It was earlier called Hog Moore Lane (1612), that is 'lane through marshy ground where hogs are kept', a name that was still used until about 1850.
The area is now one of the more affluent parts of London and has been home to some famous residents among whom was the artist Sir John Everett Millais (2 Palace Gate). It is also home to several embassies and consulates including the Korean Consulate (4 Palace Gate), the Zambian High Commission and the Bahraini Embassy Cultural Office. Additionally, Gloucester Road is the residence (in the form of 25B Froxbury Court) of the fictional barrister Horace Rumpole of John Mortimer's "Rumpole of the Bailey" series of short stories.

</doc>
<doc id="2923995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923995" title="Gloucester Road, Hong Kong">
Gloucester Road, Hong Kong

Gloucester Road is a major road in Hong Kong. It is one of the only roads in Hong Kong with service roads. The road was named in 1929 after Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, to commemorate his visit to Hong Kong that year.
Location.
Gloucester Road is in the north of Wan Chai and East Point on Hong Kong Island. It connects to Harcourt Road at its western end and it ends east along west side of Victoria Park. It forms part of Hong Kong's Route 4 and connects to the Island Eastern Corridor via Victoria Park Road. The road is connected to the Cross-Harbour Tunnel near the Canal Road Flyover.

</doc>
<doc id="2924002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924002" title="Electronic dance music">
Electronic dance music

Electronic dance music (also known as EDM, dance music, club music, or simply dance) is a set of percussive electronic music genres produced primarily for dance-based entertainment environments, such as nightclubs. The music is largely created for use by disc jockeys (DJs) and is produced for use in DJ mixes, in which the DJ uses a synchronized segue, or "mix", to progress from one recording to the next.
In 2010, the acronym "EDM" was adopted by the American music industry and music press as a buzzword to describe the increasingly commercial US electronic dance music scene.
History.
Beginnings.
Most dance-oriented recorded music before the mid-1970s was played almost entirely on acoustic and electric instruments—e.g., with electric bass and guitar, live drums, horns, and acoustic orchestras. Since the mid-1960s, however, electronic instruments were increasingly utilized in popular music, as demonstrated by the occasional use of organs and Mellotrons in pop, rock, gospel and soul jazz music. Also, in the late 1960s and early 1970s, a Moog synthesizer fad in pop music yielded novelty hits like the rhythmic "Popcorn" and various synthesized interpretations of classical music. Similarly, in late 1974, the group Kraftwerk used only electronic instrumentation on the gentle, widely distributed "Autobahn" album, a stepping stone in the group's shift from krautrock to the dance-pop style of its later albums.
Electronic instruments finally became a feature of dance music in the second half of the 1970s, when recordings in the blossoming disco genre began to shift away from traditional orchestration and increasingly embraced sounds created by synthesizers and drum machines. Notable examples include the 1977 collaboration between producer Giorgio Moroder and vocalist Donna Summer on the song "I Feel Love", a groundbreaking dance/discothèque hit with no traditional instruments. In 1979, the pair collaborated again on Donna Summer's highest-selling album, "Bad Girls", which incorporated similar production techniques. The trend continued into the 1980s.
Post-disco era.
During the early 1980s, as the popularity of disco music waned and major U.S. record labels and producers abandoned the sound, post-disco styles were developed by a mixed community of DJs and producers. Relative to disco much of this music displayed an increasingly electronic character and it featured "radically different sounds" to the former. The music tended to be technology-centric, keyboard-ladden, melodic, with funk-oriented bass lines, synth riffs, dub music aesthetics, and background jazzy or blues-y piano layers. Strings and brass section synthesizer sounds were preferred to the lush orchestration heard on many disco tracks.
The use of electronic timbres, took root in the various post-disco club scenes, yielding occasional radio hits. Although not as strongly influential as later genres, these styles were mainstays in the 1980s club culture. They include the hazy, studio effects-heavy sound of dub; the strongly new wave-based, upbeat fusion genre synthpop; the syncopated hybrid electro-funk (often just "electro"); electro's Latin-pop cousin freestyle; the dark, rigid sounds of industrial dance music, and an unnamed category of commercial, danceable pop and R&B.
Partly to help satisfy the dwindling market for disco-based dance music, some 1980s disco DJs breathed new life into past hits via custom remixes and re-edits on reel-to-reel tape, and then took advantage of newly-affordable electronic instruments and became record producers themselves, combining disco with other contemporary dance music styles. Without major-label backing, their music evolved quickly to satisfy audiences in isolated regional club scenes, yielding, for example, Italo disco in Italy, electronic body music in Belgium and Germany, house music in Chicago and New York (garage), techno in Detroit, and New Beat in Belgium.
All these new genres and sounds were possible at the time because of the commercial availability of MIDI. MIDI, which stands for Musical Instrument Digital Interface, became commercially available in 1983. It allowed for Synthesizers, Drum Machines, Samplers, and Sequencers to communicate with each other digitally. All studios even smaller ones and independent producers could now afford to create new music/genres/sounds with out using any live (analog) instruments. MIDI is still used today by many producers and artist, even in non EDM genres.
Acid house and Rave.
By 1988, house music had exploded in the UK and Germany with acid house becoming increasingly popular. There was also a long established warehouse party subculture based around the sound system scene. In 1988, the music played at warehouse parties was predominantly house. That same year, the Balearic party vibe associated with Ibiza based DJ Alfredo Fiorito was transported to London, when Danny Rampling and Paul Oakenfold opened the clubs Shoom and Spectrum, respectively. Both night spots quickly became synonymous with acid house, and it was during this period that the use of MDMA, as a party drug, started to gain prominence. Other important UK clubs at this time included Back to Basics in Leeds, Sheffield's Leadmill and Music Factory, and in Manchester The Haçienda, where Mike Pickering and Graeme Park's Friday night spot, Nude, was an important proving ground for American underground dance music. Acid house party fever escalated in London and Manchester, and it quickly became a cultural phenomenon. MDMA-fueled club goers, faced with 2 A.M. closing hours, sought refuge in the warehouse party scene that ran all night. To escape the attention of the press and the authorities, this after-hours activity quickly went underground. Within a year, however, up to 10,000 people at a time were attending the first commercially organized mass parties, called "raves", and a media storm ensued.
The success of house and acid house paved the way for Detroit Techno, a style that was initially supported by a handful of house music clubs in Chicago, New York, and Northern England, with Detroit clubs catching up later. According to British DJ Mark Moore it was 
Derrick May's "Strings of Life" that eased London club-goers into acceptance of house, with Moore stating that: "I was on a mission because most people hated house music and it was all rare groove and hip hop...I'd play Strings of Life at the Mud Club and clear the floor. Three weeks later you could see pockets of people come onto the floor, dancing to it and going crazy – and this was without ecstasy." 
Popularization.
As alternatives to alcohol-fueled, "meat market" nightclubs, the warehouse party, acid house, rave and outdoor festival scenes of the late 1980s and early 1990s were havens and proving grounds for the latest trends in electronic dance music, especially house music and its ever-more hypnotic, synthetic offspring techno and trance, some of which fed back into mainstream clubs and radio. These scattered scenes, along with a bustling secondhand market for electronic instruments and turntables, had a strong democratizing effect, offering amateur, "bedroom" DJs the opportunity to become proficient and popular as both music players and producers, regardless of the whims of the professional music and club industries.
By the mid-1990s, acts like The Prodigy and The Chemical Brothers began to get noticed by listeners, music critics, and mainstream music producers. This would lead mainstream performers to work more and more with EDM artists, and mainstream music producers to experiment with more electronic sounds. MTV produced and aired 2 TV shows that played EDM, "Amp" and "The Grind". Both played and aired a large amount of EDM each episode. They also released albums with EDM on them named after those shows.
North American commercialization of EDM.
Initially, electronic dance music achieved limited popular exposure in America when it was marketed as "electronica" during the mid to late 1990s. At that time, a wave of dance music acts from the UK, including The Prodigy, The Chemical Brothers, Fatboy Slim and Underworld, had been prematurely associated with an "American electronica revolution." But, instead of EDM finding wider mainstream success, it was relegated to the margins of the industry. Despite the domestic music media interest in "electronica" during the latter half of the 1990s, American house and techno producers continued to travel abroad to establish their careers as DJs and producers.
By the mid-2000s, a number of factors led to an increased prominence for dance acts in North America that was larger than previously observed. Daft Punk's performance at the 2006 Coachella Festival, which featured the introduction of a unique pyramid-shaped stage design and lighting rig, influenced what "Spin" described as an "arms race" for visual effects in electronic music. "Spin" also considered the act to be a "tipping point" for EDM, as the appearance fueled nostalgia of the electronica era, and introduced the duo to a new generation of "rock kids" in attendance. In 2006 R&B artist, Missy Elliott featured material from Cybotron's 1983 electro release "Clear" on "Lose Control", resulting in a Grammy Award nomination for American techno producer Juan Atkins, whose writing credit appeared on the song.
In 2009, French house musician David Guetta began to gain prominence in mainstream pop music after the 2009 release of "When Love Takes Over" (featuring the vocals of Kelly Rowland), which was internationally popular on both pop and dance music charts. The success of the song led to further collaborations with other pop and hip-hop acts, such as Akon ("Sexy Bitch") and The Black Eyed Peas. His collaboration with the latter, "I Gotta Feeling", was a major success for both The Black Eyed Peas and Guetta—in the U.S., the song achieved sales of 249,000 downloads and debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number two, behind their previous single "Boom Boom Pow". The song eventually reached number 1 on July 30, 2009, and "Billboard" magazine reported that the song, along with "Boom Boom Pow," helped the group maintain a 17-week run at the top of the Hot 100, the longest time period achieved by a single, duo or group.
The increased prominence of EDM was also fueled by concerts and festivals, such as Electric Daisy Carnival, that placed an increased emphasis on visual experiences (such as video and lighting effects), fashion (which "The Guardian" characterized as an evolution from the 1990s "kandi raver" into " slick and sexified yet also kitschy-surreal image midway between Venice Beach and Cirque Du Soleil, Willy Wonka and a Gay Pride parade"), and the DJs themselves, who began to attain celebrity-like statuses. Websites such as YouTube and SoundCloud also helped fuel an increased interest in house and other types of electronic music, such as electro house and dubstep—both of which had also developed a hard rock-influenced sound popularized by producers such as Excision, Knife Party, Rusko and, most prominently, American dubstep/electro producer Skrillex.
In 2011 "Spin" declared the start of a "new rave generation," led by names such as Guetta, Canadian producer Deadmau5, and Skrillex, that was followed by a new wave of mainstream consumers. Elements of EDM also began to emerge in songs by mainstream artists, as collaborations occurred with artists such as Afrojack and Calvin Harris. EDM producers and DJs also began experiencing success playing club shows in U.S. cities such as Las Vegas; at the time, Diplo argued that promoters could generate higher profits from DJs over other acts, stating that "a band plays, it's 45 minutes; DJs can play for four hours. Rock bands—there's a few headliner dudes that can play 3,000-4,000-capacity venues, but DJs play the same venues, they turn the crowd over two times, people buy drinks all night long at higher prices—it's a win-win." Meanwhile, other acts gaining popularity during this period include Avicii and Swedish House Mafia, with the latter selling out New York City's Madison Square Garden in December 2011. In November 2013, Music Trades magazine called EDM the fastest growing genre on the planet.
In addition to the growth of EDM through live events and the Internet, radio and television were also credited with helping to increase mainstream attention: analysts noted that sales of Calvin Harris's "Feel So Close" and Swedish House Mafia's "Don't You Worry Child" dramatically increased after they began receiving contemporary hit radio airplay. EDM songs and artists have been featured in television commercials and programs, while some artists have produced more pop-oriented songs to make their work more accessible to a mainstream audience.
Corporate investment in EDM.
In accordance with the significant growth in mainstream popularity, EDM became increasingly attractive to outside investors, with some comparing it to the dot-com boom of the late-1990s. The beginning of corporate consolidation in the EDM industry began in 2012; especially in terms of live events. In June 2012, media executive Robert F. X. Sillerman (founder of what is now Live Nation) founded SFX Entertainment and announced his plan to invest US$1 billion for the acquisition of EDM-related properties. His purchases included a number of regional promoters and festivals (including ID&T, organizers of the annual Tomorrowland festival in Belgium), along with two nightclub operators in Miami, U.S., and Beatport, an EDM-oriented online music store.
Live Nation also acquired two major EDM promoters: Cream Holdings and Hard Events; CEO Michael Rapino believed that EDM was the new "rock 'n' roll" of the generation. Advertisers have also increasingly associated themselves with the EDM industry; for example, alcoholic beverage companies such as Heineken and Anheuser-Busch have maintained marketing relationships with the Ultra Music Festival and SFX, respectively. Heineken also incorporated Dutch producers, such as Armin van Buuren and Tiesto, into their marketing campaigns. Avicii's manager Ash Pournouri compared the increasingly commercial EDM industry to the transformation and commercialization of hip hop, which occurred in the early 2000s, arguing that the "corporate world" was beginning to "catch on" to EDM. Pournouri further stated that "you have an estimated $4.5 billion generated by this music every year. That turns a lot of heads, and that’s without the potential of commercializing it even more, which will happen."
On December 20, 2012, WHBA, a Boston radio station owned by Clear Channel Communications transitioned from an Adult Hits format to a dance radio format, under the moniker "Evolution 101.7," and claimed to be "the first real EDM station in the country;" the station soon changed its call letters to WEDX. WEDX is an extension of Clear Channel's iHeartRadio "Evolution", an internet radio channel. Clear Channel also hired prominent DJ and BBC Radio 1 personality Pete Tong to produce content for the station. However, the era of the station's dance format ended 18 months later when, on June 13, 2014, WEDX was changed to a country music format.
In 2014 Clear Channel partnered with the aforementioned SFX, in a deal that will see the broadcaster produce EDM-related programming (including a Beatport countdown show across its contemporary hit radio stations) and concert events in collaboration with SFX.
Criticism of commercial EDM.
Despite the growing mainstream acceptance of EDM, a number of producers and DJs, including Carl Cox, Steve Lawler, and Markus Schulz, have raised concerns that the perceived over-commercialization of dance music has impacted the "art" of DJing. Cox sees the "press-play" approach of a new generation of EDM DJs as not being representative of what he calls the "DJ ethos". Writing in "Mixmag" DJ Tim Sheridan questioned whether or not EDM was responsible for affecting the art of traditional DJing. Sheridan contends that the emergence of "push-button DJs" who use auto-sync functions and pre-recorded sets featuring "obvious hits" rather than a diverse selection of music has lead to a situation where "the spectacle, money and the showbiz overtaken all—even notions of honesty."
Some house producers have openly admitted that "commercial" EDM required further differentiation and creativity. Avicii (whose 2013 album "True" featured songs incorporating elements of bluegrass music, such as its lead single "Wake Me Up") stated that there was "no longevity" in the majority of EDM. Deadmau5 has also criticized the homogenization of EDM, stating that the music he hears "all sounds the same"—he emphasized his diversification into other genres, such as techno and, in 2014, he released a techno song under the moniker "testpilot" for Richie Hawtin's label, Plus 8. At Ultra, where he filled in for Avicii, Deadmau5 also played an edited version of Martin Garrix's song "Animals" remixed to the melody of "Old McDonald Had a Farm". Following the performance, deadmau5 was also criticized on Twitter by fellow musician Tiësto for "sarcastically" mixing Avicii's "Levels" with his own "Ghosts 'n' Stuff", asking in response "How does one play a track sarcastically? "Am I supposed to sneer while hitting the sync button? Or is that ironic?”
In May 2014, the NBC comedy series "Saturday Night Live" parodied the stereotypes of EDM culture through a Digital Short entitled "When Will the Bass Drop?". The short featured a DJ named Davvincii—who is seen performing a number of unrelated tasks instead of DJing (including playing a computer game, frying eggs, and collecting money), and triggering a drop with a giant "BASS" button—causing the heads of attendees to explode.
Terminology.
The term "electronic dance music" was used in America as early as 1985, although the term "dance music" didn't catch on as a blanket term for the genre(s) until the second half of the 1990s, when it was embraced by the American music industry with their "Dance" charts (which continue to this day), as well as the consistent use of the term "dance music" in reference to artists in reviews. In July 1995 Nervous Records and Project X magazine held their first award ceremony titled "Electronic Dance Music Awards." 
During the mid-late 2000s, the further establishment of "dance music" began to occur in the USA and the genre entered the nation's commercial sphere—it was around this time that the term "EDM" surfaced online. Writing in The Guardian journalist Simon Reynolds noted that music industry adoption of the term EDM was part of a drive to re-brand "rave culture" in the USA; an attempt to "draw line between today's EDM and 90s rave". While "EDM" has become the common blanket term for dance music genres in the USA, in many parts of Europe and online, in the UK the usage of "dance music" or "dance" is more commonly used.
Synonyms.
The related term "club music", while broadly referring to whichever music genres are currently in vogue and associated with nightclubs, has become synonymous with all electronic dance music, or just those genres—or some subset thereof—that are typically played at mainstream discothèques. Sometimes, "club music" used more broadly to encompass non-electronic music played at such venues, or electronic music that is not normally played at clubs but that shares attributes with music that is.
What is widely considered to be club music changes over time, includes different genres depending on the region and who's making the reference, and may not always encompass electronic dance music. Similarly, "electronic dance music" sometimes means different things to different people. Both terms vaguely encompass multiple genres, and sometimes are used as if they were genres themselves. The distinction is that club music is ultimately based on what's popular, whereas electronic dance music is based on attributes of the music itself.
Genres.
Just as rock, jazz and other musical genres have their own set of sub-genres, so does electronic dance music. Continuing to evolve over the past 30 years dance music has splintered off into numerous sub-genres often defined by their varying tempo (BPM), rhythm, instrumentation used and time period. The broadest categories include house, techno, trance, hardstyle, UK garage, drum & bass, dubstep and hardcore. 
Production.
In the 1980s, many genres of popular electronic music, including EDM, were constructed with the use of electronic instruments such as synthesizers, drum machines and sequencers, and these genres generally emphasized the unique sounds of those instruments, even when mimicking traditional acoustic instrumentation. Some of the most widely used synthesizers in electronic dance music include the Yamaha DX7, Korg M1, and Roland's Jupiter and SH-101. In addition, the most widely used bass synthesizer is the Roland TB-303, while the most widely used drum machines are Roland's TR-808 and TR-909.
The introduction of MIDI interfaces allowed personal computers to be used as sequencers to control the instruments, and by the mid-1990s, computers were fixtures in multitrack recording studios, augmenting or replacing dedicated recording and editing equipment. By the early 2000s, computer software for audio synthesis and sound manipulation allowed for bedroom EDM studios to become completely computer-based.
Currently the music is now mostly made using software that contains sequencing, sampling, synthesizers, effects, and multitrack recording features. The ability to produce and create has become much easier economically and physically since producers no longer need to buy large amounts of equipment. It sometimes encompasses music not primarily meant for dancing, but derived from the dance-oriented styles.
In an April 2014 interview with Tony Andrew, the owner and founder of the Funktion-One sound system—considered a foremost model of audio technology and installed in venues such as Berghain, Output and Trouw—Andrew explains the critical importance of bass to dance music:
Dance music wouldn’t be so successful without bass. If you think about it, we’ve really only had amplified bass for around 50 years. Big bass is only a couple of generations old. Before the invention of speakers that could project true bass frequencies, humans really only came across bass in hazardous situations—for example, when thunder struck, or an earthquake shook, or from explosions caused by dynamite or gunpowder. That is probably why it is by far the most adrenaline-inducing frequency that we have. Bass gets humans excited basically. Below 90 or 100 Hz, bass becomes more of a physical thing. It vibrates specific organs. It vibrates our bones. It causes minor molecular rearrangement, and that is what makes it so potent as a force in dance music. The molecular vibration caused by bass is what gives dance music its power. It is what makes dance music so pleasurable to hear through a proper soundsystem.
Andrew also warns that too much bass, as well as too much sound overall, can be harmful and a "good sound engineer will understand that there is a window between enough sound to give excitement and so much that it is damaging."
For those producing dance music in their home studios, Andrew recommended that producers place their speakers at "the perfect eye and ear level", so that the "space in between the tweeter and the woofer" is between the producer's eyes—this formation allows the "woofer and tweeter frequencies" to be heard simultaneously. Andrew also recommends the use of dampening blankets to prevent the hearing of sounds that are "reflections from walls" and warns home producers about losing bass through the misplacement of the speakers, referring to rooms as "just a big speaker cabinet".
Venues and performances.
In most modern music, the artist/producers will perform in front of the audiences, but EDM artists are heard mostly through DJs in dance clubs. From the 1970s to 1990s, clubs would occasionally hire artists/producers to perform live; but on most nights, when people went to dance venues, they would be listening to DJs. Night clubs and discos such as Paradise Garage and Studio 54 in New York City, or The Warehouse in Chicago, would employ DJs for every night they were open—so-called "resident DJs"—and have their sound system geared towards the needs of DJs rather than live acts. By the late 1980s to early 1990s, the DJs themselves were the main attraction. Nightclub patrons began to enjoy the abilities of DJs to keep the crowd dancing and the groove going.
DJs, although not strictly producers, began to produce more of their own material while trying to match the groove or beat already set by what they were playing— this led to DJs making remixes. These remixes made it possible for DJs to extend songs or make a previous non-dance song danceable. Thus, DJs began to experiment with artists and singers to create material. Suzanne Vega's "Tom's Diner" remix by the DJ duo DNA and DJ Jellybean Benitez's work with very early Madonna demos are prime examples of this practice.
Eventually, the recording of DJ sets became highly sought after by nightclub attendees. The DJ would sell the tapes or CD and earn a few dollars from their sale; however, the sound quality of the DJ set recordings were usually fair to poor, since many of them were recorded using normal commercial tape recorders. As this practice grew, more and more nightclubs began to commercially produce DJ sets. Clubs and venues such as Ministry Of Sound, Limelight and Groove Jet would frequently release full-length CDs of the DJ sets and sell them in record stores throughout the country. All of this would create a popularity for DJs that would elevate them to the status of a performer or producer.
By the 1990s, EDM performers (disc jockeys and producers) started to perform at both indoor and outdoor dance music festivals called "raves". As the decade drew to a close, more and more DJs and performers/producers branched out and performed at traditional music festivals, either "spinning" a DJ set, or actually performing live. The EDM subculture became increasingly mainstream, with DJs attracting crowds of 20,000 or more on a daily basis.
Festivals.
Canada.
United States.
Other festivals, including Lollapalooza and Coachella have increased the number of EDM acts represented. Coachella in particular took an adventurous path giving electronic acts a high profile in a time when they were seldom booked alongside rock bands, in the United States at least. Rawley Bornstein, an MTV music and talent programmer, described EDM as "the new rock and roll," as has Lollapalooza organizer Perry Ferrell. Ray Waddell, touring editor at "Billboard" magazine, noted that festival promoters have done an excellent job at branding.

</doc>
<doc id="2924016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924016" title="Buronga, New South Wales">
Buronga, New South Wales

Buronga is a town in New South Wales, Australia on the Murray River. The George Chaffey Bridge connects Buronga with Mildura, Victoria. In 2011, the town had a population of 1132 people.
Buronga today.
Given their proximity the present day town of Buronga operates largely as a satellite suburb of the regional centre of Mildura.
Commerce.
The town is serviced by a small retail area consisting of such outlets as a post office, petrol stations, public bar and a bakery. It is also the industrial base of the Wentworth Shire being the base for the local Country Energy depot as well as several other industrial businesses, including an earthmover, concrete supplier, steel suppliers and metalworkers.
Community.
Buronga is serviced by the Buronga Public School in Chapman Street. It has two churches, the St Michele Arcangelo Catholic Church, Pitman Ave, Buronga within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilcannia-Forbes and the Murray River Baptist Church, Midway Drive, Buronga, an Independent Fundamental Baptist Church. The town is also home to the "U Can Do It" boxing gym.
Attractions.
The Australian Inland Botanic Gardens are located nearby in Mourquong.
World War 2.
On 28 September 1942, a RAAF P-40E from No. 2 Operational Training Unit based in Mildura, lost control at 6,000 feet and spun into the ground, killing pilot Sgt. J. Havard.

</doc>
<doc id="2924026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924026" title="Hon-Shiogama Station">
Hon-Shiogama Station

Lines.
Hon-Shiogama Station is served by the Senseki Line. It is located 16.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Senseki Line at Aoba-dōri Station. 
Station layout.
Hon-Shiogama Station has two elevated opposed side platforms with the station building located underneath. The station has a Green Window ticket counter.
History.
Hon-Shiogama Station opened on April 14, 1926 as a station on the Miyagi Electric Railway. The line was nationalized on May 1, 1944. On November 1, 1981 the station was relocated to its present location and rebuilt as an elevated station. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="2924029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924029" title="Albert G. Schmedeman">
Albert G. Schmedeman

Albert George Schmedeman (November 25, 1864 – November 26, 1946) was an American politician who served as the 28th Governor of Wisconsin. To date he is the only mayor of Madison to be elected Governor of Wisconsin.
Biography.
Schmedeman was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the son of Heinrich Schmedeman, a "Forty-Eighter" from Germany. Albert Schmedeman was elected to the Madison City Council in 1904, serving for four years. He also served the community as fire and police commissioner, and as a member of the local board of education.
A Democrat, Schmedeman ran for a seat in the United States House of Representatives in 1910 but lost to John M. Nelson. In 1913 he was appointed the United States Minister to Norway and held this position until 1921. During that time, Schmedeman accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of President Woodrow Wilson in 1919.
After concluding his service as Minister to Norway, Schmedeman planned to retire from politics, but was, instead, elected mayor of Madison, serving from 1926 to 1932. In 1932 he was elected Governor of Wisconsin and served from 1933 to 1935. His term was both preceded and succeeded by Philip La Follette, son of former governor Robert M. La Follette, Sr.
In 1934, while attending the dedication for Rib Mountain State Park and campaigning for a second term, Schmedeman slipped on some loose rock and injured his foot. Gangrene developed, necessitating the amputation of his leg.
After his service as governor concluded, Schmedeman went on to be named Federal Housing Administrator for Wisconsin by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, a post that he held from 1935 until 1942.
Schmedeman was fluent in German and also proficient in the Norwegian language.

</doc>
<doc id="2924037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924037" title="Lady Caroline Blackwood">
Lady Caroline Blackwood

The Lady Caroline Maureen Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood (16 July 1931 – 14 February 1996) was a writer and artist's muse, and the eldest child of the 4th Marquess of Dufferin and Ava and the brewery heiress Maureen Guinness.
A well-known figure in the literary world through her journalism and her novels, Caroline Blackwood was equally well known for her high-profile marriages, first to the artist Lucian Freud, then to the composer Israel Citkowitz and finally to the poet Robert Lowell, who described her as "a mermaid who dines upon the bones of her winded lovers". Her novels are known for their wit and intelligence, and one in particular is scathingly autobiographical in describing her unhappy childhood.
She was born into an Anglo-Irish aristocratic family from Ulster at 4 Hans Crescent in Knightsbridge, her parents' London home. She was, she admitted, "scantily educated" at Rockport School in County Down, at Brilliantmont in Lausanne, and at Downham in Essex. After a finishing school in Oxford she was presented as a debutante in 1949 at a ball held at Londonderry House. Plump, ungainly and lacking in confidence as a teenager, she soon blossomed into a captivating blonde beauty with startlingly large blue eyes.
Career.
Lady Caroline’s first job was with Hulton Press as a secretary, but she was soon given small reporting jobs by Claud Cockburn. Ann Fleming, the wife of "James Bond" author Ian Fleming, introduced Lady Caroline to Lucian Freud, and the two eloped to Paris in 1952. In Paris she met Picasso (and reportedly refused to wash for three days after he drew on her hands and nails), and after her and Freud's marriage on 9 December 1953 she became a striking figure in London's bohemian circles; the Gargoyle Club and Colony Room replaced Belgravia drawing rooms as her haunts. She sat for several of Freud's finest portraits, including "Girl In Bed", which testifies to her alluring beauty. She was impressed by the ruthless vision of Freud and Francis Bacon and her later fiction was a literary version of their view of humanity.
In the early 1960s, Lady Caroline Blackwood began contributing to "Encounter", "The London Magazine", and other periodicals on subjects such as beatniks, Ulster sectarianism, women's lib theatre and New York free schools. Although these articles were elegant, minutely observed and sometimes wickedly funny, they had, according to Christopher Isherwood, a persistent flaw: "is only capable of thinking negatively. Confronted by a phenomenon, she asks herself: what is wrong with it?" During the mid-1960s, she had an affair with Robert Silvers, the founder and co-editor of "The New York Review of Books".
Her third husband, Robert Lowell, was a crucial influence on her talents as a novelist. He encouraged her to write her first book, "For All That I Found There" (1973), the title of which is a line from the Percy French song "The Mountains of Mourne", and formed a coruscating memoir of her daughter’s treatment in a burns unit. Blackwood’s first novel "The Stepdaughter" (1976) appeared three years later to much acclaim, and is a concise and gripping monologue by a rich, self-pitying woman deserted by her husband in a plush New York apartment and tormented by her fat stepdaughter. It won the David Higham Prize for best first novel. "Great Granny Webster" followed in 1977 and was partly derived on her own miserable childhood, and depicted an austere and loveless old woman’s destructive impact on her daughter and granddaughter. It was short-listed for the Booker Prize. 
In 1980 came "The Last of the Duchess", a study of the relations between the Duchess of Windsor and her cunning lawyer, Maître Suzanne Blum; it could not be published until after Blum’s death in 1995. Her third novel "The Fate of Mary Rose" (1981) describes the effect on a Kent village of the rape and torture of a ten year-old girl named Maureen and is narrated by a selfish historian whose obsessions destroy his domestic life. After this came a collection of five short stories, "Good Night Sweet Ladies" (1983), followed by her final novel, "Corrigan" (1984), which was the least successful and depicts the effects on a depressed widow of a charming, energetic but sinister cripple who erupts into her life.
Blackwood’s later books were based on interviews and vignettes, including "On The Perimeter" (1984), which focused her attentions on the women’s peace encampment at the Greenham Common air base in Berkshire, and "In The Pink" (1987), which was a reflective, ghoulish book looking at the hunting and the hunt saboteur fraternities and exposed the many obsessive personalities of both fox-hunters and animal rights activists.
Personal life.
Blackwood's marriage to Lucian Freud disintegrated soon after they tied the knot in 1953; and, in 1957, she moved to New York City and studied acting at the Stella Adler School. She also went to Hollywood and appeared in several films. Her marriage to Freud was finally dissolved in 1958 in Mexico. On 15 August 1959, she married the pianist Israel Citkowitz (1909–1974), a man who would have been the same age as her father. They had three daughters. By the time of the birth of the youngest daughter, Ivana in 1966, Blackwood's marriage to Citkowitz was over, though Citkowitz continued to live nearby and served as a nanny-duenna until his death. During the mid-1960s, Blackwood had an affair with Robert Silvers, a founder and co-editor of "The New York Review of Books", who stayed close to the family thereafter. According to Ivana, both Silvers and Ivana suspected that Silvers was her biological father. However, a deathbed admission by Blackwood revealed that Ivana's biological father was another boyfriend, the screenwriter Ivan Moffat, the grandson of actor-manager Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree.
In 1970, Blackwood returned to London and, in April, began a relationship with the poet Robert Lowell, who suffered from bipolar disorder. Lowell was at the time a visiting professor at All Souls College, Oxford. Their son, Sheridan, was born on 28 September 1971; and, after obtaining divorces from their respective spouses, Blackwood and Lowell were married on 21 October 1972. They lived in London and Milgate House in Kent. The sequence of poems in Lowell's "The Dolphin" (1973) provides a disrupted narrative of his involvement with Blackwood and the birth of their son (Lowell's friend Elizabeth Bishop strongly advised Lowell not to publish the book, advice he ignored). Blackwood at the time was distressed and confused in her reactions to Lowell's manic episodes, feeling useless and afraid of their effect on her children. Her anxieties, alcohol-related illnesses, and late-night tirades exacerbated his condition. In 1977, Lowell died, reportedly clutching one of Freud’s portraits of Blackwood, in the back seat of a New York cab, on his way back to his second wife, the writer Elizabeth Hardwick. This heartache was followed a year later by the death of her daughter Natalya from a drug overdose at the age of 18.
In 1977, to avoid tax, Blackwood left England and went to live in County Kildare, Ireland, in an apartment at the great Georgian mansion of Castletown House, which was owned by her cousin Desmond Guinness. Ten years later, in 1987, she returned to the United States, settling in a large, comfortable house in Sag Harbor, Long Island, where, although her powers were greatly depleted by alcoholism, she continued to write, including two vivid memoirs of Princess Margaret and Francis Bacon, published in the "New York Review of Books" in 1992. 
She never lost her dark, macabre sense of humour, even during her final illness. On her deathbed, British writer and essayist Anna Haycraft brought her holy water from Lourdes, which was accidentally spilled on her bed sheets: “I might have caught my death,” she muttered. 
On 14 February 1996, Lady Caroline Blackwood died from cancer at The Mayfair Hotel on Park Avenue in New York City, aged 64. She was survived by her two younger daughters Eugenia Citkowitz Sands (b. 1963), wife of actor Julian Sands, and Ivana (b. 1966); her son Sheridan Lowell; her sister Lady Perdita Blackwood; and her mother, the former Maureen Guinness, who died two years later, aged 91. She was predeceased by her father, Basil Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, 4th Marquess of Dufferin and Ava (1909-1945), and her brother, Sheridan Dufferin, 5th Marquess (1938-1988).

</doc>
<doc id="2924038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924038" title="Ioctl">
Ioctl

In computing, codice_1 (an abbreviation of input/output control) is a system call for device-specific input/output operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls. It takes a parameter specifying a request code; the effect of a call depends completely on the request code. Request codes are often device-specific. For instance, a CD-ROM device driver which can instruct a physical device to eject a disc would provide an codice_1 request code to do that. Device-independent request codes are sometimes used to give userspace access to kernel functions which are only used by core system software or still under development.
The codice_1 system call first appeared in Version 7 of Unix under that name. It is supported by most Unix and Unix-like systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, though the available request codes differ from system to system. Microsoft Windows provides a similar function, named "codice_4", in its Win32 API.
Background.
Conventional operating systems can be divided into two layers, userspace and the kernel. Application code such as a text editor resides in userspace, while the underlying facilities of the operating system, such as the network stack, reside in the kernel. Kernel code handles sensitive resources and implements the security and reliability barriers between applications; for this reason, user mode applications are prevented by the operating system from directly accessing kernel resources.
Userspace applications typically make requests of the kernel by means of system calls, whose code lies in the kernel layer. A system call usually takes the form of a "system call vector", in which the desired system call is indicated with an index number. For instance, codice_5 might be system call number 1, and codice_6 number 4. The system call vector is then used to find the desired kernel function for the request. In this way, conventional operating systems typically provide several hundred system calls to the userspace.
Though an expedient design for accessing standard kernel facilities, system calls are sometimes inappropriate for accessing non-standard hardware peripherals. By necessity, most hardware peripherals (aka devices) are directly addressable only within the kernel. But user code may need to communicate directly with devices; for instance, an administrator might configure the media type on an Ethernet interface. Modern operating systems support diverse devices, many of which offer a large collection of facilities. Some of these facilities may not be foreseen by the kernel designer, and as a consequence it is difficult for a kernel to provide system calls for using the devices.
To solve this problem, the kernel is designed to be extensible, and may accept an extra module called a device driver which runs in kernel space and can directly address the device. An codice_1 interface is a single system call by which userspace may communicate with device drivers. Requests on a device driver are vectored with respect to this codice_1 system call, typically by a handle to the device and a request number. The basic kernel can thus allow the userspace to access a device driver without knowing anything about the facilities supported by the device, and without needing an unmanageably large collection of system calls.
Uses.
Hardware device configuration.
The most common use of codice_1 is to control hardware devices.
For example, on Win32 systems, codice_1 calls can communicate with USB devices, or they can discover drive-geometry information of the attached storage-devices.
Unix systems use ioctls to configure network interfaces. For example, on BSD Unix systems such as Mac OS X, the IP subnet mask for an interface is configured by opening a network socket and then invoking the codice_11 call on it.
Terminals.
One use of codice_1 in code exposed to end-user applications is terminal I/O.
Unix operating systems have traditionally made heavy use of command line interfaces. The Unix command line interface is built on pseudo terminals (ptys), which emulate hardware text terminals such as VT100. A pty is controlled and configured as if it were a hardware device, using codice_1 calls. For instance, the window size of a pty is set using the codice_14 call.
Kernel extensions.
When applications need to extend the kernel, for instance to accelerate network processing, codice_1 calls provide a convenient way to bridge userspace code to kernel extensions. Kernel extensions can provide a location in the filesystem that can be opened by name, through which an arbitrary number of codice_1 calls can be dispatched, allowing the extension to be programmed without adding system calls to the operating system.
For example, on the Solaris operating system, the ipfilter packet firewall is programmed using the codice_17 calls.
Implementations.
Unix.
A Unix codice_1 call takes as parameters:
The kernel generally dispatches an codice_1 call straight to the device driver, which can interpret the request number and data in whatever way required. The writers of each driver document request numbers for that particular driver and provide them as constants in a header file.
Some Unix systems, including Linux, have conventions which encode within the request number the size of the data to be transferred to/from the device driver, the direction of the data transfer and the identity of the driver implementing the request. Regardless of whether such a convention is followed, the kernel and the driver collaborate to deliver a uniform error code (denoted by the symbolic constant codice_20) to an application which makes a request of a driver which does not recognise it.
The mnemonic codice_20 (traditionally associated with the textual message ""Not a typewriter"") derives from the earliest systems that incorporated an codice_1 call, where only the teletype (codice_23) device raised this error. Though the symbolic mnemonic is fixed by compatibility requirements, some modern systems more helpfully render a more general message such as ""Inappropriate device control operation"" (or a localisation thereof).
codice_24 exemplifies an codice_1 call on a serial port. The normal read and write calls on a serial port receive and send data bytes. An codice_26 call, separate from such normal I/O, controls various driver options like handling of special characters, or the output signals on the port (such as the DTR signal).
Win32.
A Win32 codice_4 takes as parameters:
The Win32 device control code takes into consideration the mode of the operation being performed.
There are 4 defined modes of operation, impacting the security of the device driver -
Alternatives.
Other vectored call interfaces.
Devices and kernel extensions may be linked to userspace using additional new system calls, although this approach is rarely taken, because operating system developers try to keep the system call interface focused and efficient.
On Unix operating systems, two other vectored call interfaces are popular: the codice_33 ("file control") system call configures open files, and is used in situations such as enabling non-blocking I/O; and the codice_34 ("set socket option") system call configures open network sockets, a facility used to configure the codice_35 packet firewall on BSD Unix systems.
Netlink.
Netlink is a socket-like mechanism for inter-process communication (IPC), designed to be a more flexible successor to codice_1.
Implications.
Complexity.
codice_1 calls minimize the complexity of the kernel's system call interface. However, by providing a place for developers to "stash" bits and pieces of kernel programming interfaces, codice_1 calls complicate the overall user-to-kernel API. A kernel that provides several hundred system calls may provide several thousand ioctl calls.
Though the interface to codice_1 calls appears somewhat different from conventional system calls, there is in practice little difference between an codice_1 call and a system call; an codice_1 call is simply a system call with a different dispatching mechanism. Many of the arguments against expanding the kernel system call interface could therefore be applied to codice_1 interfaces.
To application developers, system calls appear no different from application subroutines; they are simply function calls that take arguments and return values. The runtime libraries of the OS mask the complexity involved in invoking system calls. Unfortunately, runtime libraries do not make codice_1 calls as transparent. Simple operations like discovering the IP addresses for a machine often require tangled messes of codice_1 calls, each requiring magic numbers and argument structures.
Libpcap and libdnet are two examples of third-party wrapper Unix libraries designed to mask the complexity of codice_1 interfaces, for packet capture and packet I/O, respectively.
Security.
The user-to-kernel interfaces of mainstream operating systems are often audited heavily for code flaws and security vulnerabilities prior to release. These audits typically focus on the well-documented system call interfaces; for instance, auditors might ensure that sensitive security calls such as changing user IDs are only available to administrative users.
codice_1 interfaces are more complicated, more diverse, and thus harder to audit than system calls. Furthermore, because codice_1 calls can be provided by third-party developers, often after the core operating system has been released, codice_1 call implementations may receive less scrutiny and thus harbor more vulnerabilities. Finally, many codice_1 calls, particularly for third-party device drivers, are undocumented.
Because the handler for an codice_1 call resides directly in kernel mode, the input from userspace should be validated carefully. Vulnerabilities in device drivers can be exploited by local users by passing invalid buffers to codice_1 calls.
Win32 and Unix operating systems can protect a userspace device name from access by applications with specific access controls applied to the device. Security problems can arise when device driver developers do not apply appropriate access controls to the userspace accessible object.
Some modern operating systems protect the kernel from hostile userspace code (such as applications that have been infected by buffer overflow exploits) using system call wrappers. System call wrappers implement role-based access control by specifying which system calls can be invoked by which applications; wrappers can, for instance, be used to "revoke" the right of a mail program to spawn other programs. codice_1 interfaces complicate system call wrappers because there are large numbers of them, each taking different arguments, some of which may be required by normal programs.

</doc>
<doc id="2924047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924047" title="L. J. Smith">
L. J. Smith

John Smith III (born May 13, 1980), commonly known as L. J., which stands for "Little John", is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Rutgers.
Early years.
At Highland Park High School in Highland Park, New Jersey, Smith played both basketball and football. As a senior football linebacker, he posted 11 sacks, 143 tackles, and five interceptions.
College years.
A four-year starter, he finished second in Rutgers history among tight ends with 122 receptions for 1,458 yards and ten touchdowns, surpassed only by Marco Battaglia. Smith earned All-Big East honors as both a junior and senior, and served as team captain as a senior, leading the Scarlet Knights with a career-high 32 receptions for 384 yards and three touchdowns.
Professional career.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Smith was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft. As a rookie he had 27 receptions for 321 yards and a touchdown. He had 34 receptions, 377 yards and five touchdowns in 2004. His touchdown total of five was the most in a season by an Eagles tight end since Chad Lewis posted six in 2001. Smith also made an impressive diving reception in the back of the end zone for the Eagles' first touchdown in Super Bowl XXXIX.
He followed up his 2004 season with a strong 2005 campaign, hauling in 61 receptions for 682 yards (both career highs) and three touchdowns.
In 2006 he had 50 receptions for 611 yards and five touchdowns. In 2007 he had only 22 receptions for 236 yards and a touchdown.
On February 19, 2008 he was designated the franchise player of the Eagles. He finished the 2008 season with 37 receptions for 298 yards and three touchdowns.
Baltimore Ravens.
Smith signed a one-year, $1.5 million deal with the Baltimore Ravens on March 20, 2009. In his lone season in Baltimore (plagued by injuries) Smith had only two catches for 31 yards, and had no starts backing up Todd Heap.
Personal.
Smith was included in the 2005 Chunky Soup commercials featuring Donovan McNabb. He enjoys playing basketball and was a tremendous basketball prospect who drew interest from a number of Division I programs including Florida State and various schools from the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. He currently resides in Longport, NJ.

</doc>
<doc id="2924063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924063" title="Swinging Steaks">
Swinging Steaks

A five-man band out of Boston, MA, Swinging Steaks are among the originators of the current roots rock/ alt.country movement. Band members are:
The Swinging Steaks was formed in the late 1980s by former members of The Drive and friends. In 1991 they participated in the WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble. The Swinging Steaks' second album, "Southside of the Sky" (1993, Capricorn Records) introduced the band to a national audience with two top ten AAA radio singles and appearances on NBC-TV's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and NPR's "Mountain Stage". Their four self-released albums, "Suicide at the Wishing Well", "Shiner", the live, acoustic "Bare", and "KickSnareHat" have continued to expose the group to new audiences and garner them appearances at SXSW, CMJ Music Marathon and Nashville Extravaganza.
"Creem" magazine called them: "the best country-rock out of Boston since Harvard student Gram Parsons put together his International Submarine Band"
In 2005 the band released "Sunday Best" on First National Records in the U.S. and Blue Rose in Europe.
The band's name apparently comes from a restaurant in Mexican Hat, UT, called The Mexican Hat Lodge that bills itself as the "Home Of The Swinging Steak".
Discography.
http://swingingsteaks.com/

</doc>
<doc id="2924064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924064" title="Black Patch">
Black Patch

Black Patch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924070" title="Walter J. Kavanaugh">
Walter J. Kavanaugh

Walter J. Kavanaugh (June 30, 1933 – January 9, 2008) was an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey Legislature for 32 years, representing the 16th Legislative District. He died just two days after leaving the State Senate, having declined to run for re-election in 2007. His 32 years of service in the legislature made him the seventh-longest serving legislator in state history.
Kavanaugh had served in the State Senate since 1998, where he represented the 16th Legislative District. Senator Kavanaugh served on the Budget & Appropriations Committee and was Vice Chair of the Intergovernmental Relations Commission. Before being elected to the Senate, Kavanaugh served in the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, the General Assembly, from 1976 to 1997. In the Assembly, Kavanaugh served as the Majority Budget Officer from 1996 to 1997, Deputy Speaker from 1994 to 1995, Assistant Majority Leader from 1986 to 1989, Assistant Minority Leader in 1985, Deputy Assistant Minority Leader from 1980 to 1981, Minority Whip from 1978 to 1979 and as Assistant Minority Whip in 1977.
Kavanaugh had been a member of the Somerville First Aid and Rescue Squad since 1968. He had served on the State House Commission since 1998 and also from 1990 to 1994. He was a trustee of the Somerville Public Schools Board of Education from 1962 to 1975, serving as its President from 1967 to 1975. He was on the Somerset County Park Commission 1968-1975. Kavanaugh served in the United States Air Force from 1955 to 1976, reaching the rank of Lieutenant.
Kavanaugh received a B.S.C. from the University of Notre Dame in Marketing.
After Kavanaugh's death on January 9, 2008, Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine issued an executive order requiring that flags be flown at half staff in his memory on January 14, 2008 at all state and local government facilities across New Jersey.
District 16.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 16th Legislative District for the 2006-2008 legislative session were:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2924072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924072" title="History of Cleveland">
History of Cleveland

This article chronicles the history of Cleveland, Ohio.
Pre-history.
At the end of the last glacial period, which ended about 15,000 years ago at the southern edge of Lake Erie, there was a tundra landscape. It took about two and a half millennia to turn this wet and cold landscape dryer and warmer, so that caribou, moose, deer, wolves, bears and cougars were prevalent.
The oldest human, paleo-Indian traces reach back as far as 10500 BC. There was an early settlement in Medina County, dated between 9200 and 8850 BC. Some tools consisted of flint from Indiana.
Increasing temperatures at about 7500 BC lead to a stable phase between 7000 and 4500 BC which had similar characteristics to today's climate. Population grew, and these members of the so-called Early Archaic Culture lived in large families along the rivers and the shores of the lakes. During the warm seasons they met for hunting and gathering. The technology of tools improved but flint was still an important resource in that regard. Important archaeological sites are old Lake Abraham bog as well as sites on Big Creek, Cahoon, Mill and Tinker's Creek. There was a larger settlement where Hilliard Boulevard crosses the Rocky River.
Population density further increased during the Middle Archaic period (4500-2000 BC). Ground and polished stone tools and ornaments, and a variety of specialized chipped-stone notched points and knives, scrapers and drills were found on sites at Cuyahoga, Rocky River, Chippewa Creek, Tinker's, and Griswold Creek.
The Late Archaic period (2000 to 500 BC) coincided with a much warmer climate than today. For the first time evidence for regionally specific territories occurs, as well as limited gardening of squash, which later became very important. A long distance trade of raw materials and finished artifacts with coastal areas, objects which were used in ceremonies and burials. The largest graveyard known is at the junction of the East and West branches of the Rocky River. Differences in status are revealed by the objects which accompanied the dead, like zoo- and anthropomorphic objects or atlatls.
The following Early Woodland (500 BC – AD 100) and Middle Woodland (AD 100 – 700) is a period of increased ceremonial exchange and sophisticated rituals. Crude but elaborately decorated pottery appears. Squash becomes more important, maize occurs for ritual procedures. The first Mounds were erected, buildings for which Ohio is world-famous. The mound at Eagle St. Cemetery belongs to the Adena culture. Further mounds were found in the east of Tinker's Creek. Horticulture becomes even more important, the same with maize. The huge mounds concentrate much more in southern Ohio, but they were also found in northern Summit County. Some Hopewellian projectile points, flint-blade knives, and ceramics were found in the area of Cleveland itself. One mound, south of Brecksville, contained a cache of trade goods within a 6-sided stone crypt. A smaller mound between Willowick and Eastlake contained several ceremonial spear points of chert from Illinois - altogether signs of a wide range of trade. At Cleveland's W. 54th St. Division waterworks there was probably a mound and a Hopewellian spear tip was found there.
After AD 400 maize dominated. Mounds were built no more, but the number of different groups increased, with winter villages at the Cuyahoga, Rocky and Lower Chagrin Rivers. Small, circular houses contained one or two fire hearths and storage pits. Tools and ornaments made of antler and bone were found. During the spring, people lived camps along the lakeshore ridges, along ponds and bogs, or headwaters of creeks, where they collected plants and fished.
Between AD 1000 and 1200 oval houses with single-post constructions dominated the summer villages, the emphasis on burial ceremony declined, but became more personal and consisted of ornaments, or personal tools.
From 1200 to 1600 Meso-American influence mediated by the Mississippian culture could be traced, in Cleveland in new ceramic and house styles, new crops (common beans), and the presence of materials traded from southern centers. This influence was even stronger within the Fr. Ancient group, probably ancestors of later Shawnees. At this time, there was an obvious difference in archaeological findings from the areas of Black River, Sandusky River and Lake Erie Islands westwards on the one hand and Greater Cleveland eastwards on the other.
This late Woodland or Mississippian culture is called Whittlesey Tradition — after Colonel Charles Whittlesey, who was the first to relate about these sites. The early Whittlesey Tradition (1200 to 1350) reveals an equilibrium between hunters, fishers and gatherers. Three or four families lived in winter villages.
Between 1300 and 1500 agriculture became predominant, especially beans and new varieties of maize. Larger villages were inhabited in summer and fall. Small camps diminished and the villages became larger as well as the houses, which became rectangular. Some of the villages became real fortresses. During the later Whittlesey Tradition burial grounds were placed outside the villages, but still close to them. These villages were in use all year round.
The final Whittlesey Tradition, beginning at about 1500, shows long-houses, fortified villages, and sweat lodges can be traced. But the villages in and around Cleveland reported by Whittlesey, are gone. It was likely a warlike time, as the villages were even stronger fortified than before. Cases of traumatic injury, nutritional deficiency, and disease were also found. It is obvious that the population declined until about 1640. One reason is probably the little ice-age beginning at about 1500. The other reason is probably permanent warfare. It seems that the region of Cleveland was uninhabited between 1640 and 1740.
At about 1740 some Wyandot and Ottawa (from Detroit) reached the area. The Erie have been historically assumed to be the precontact inhabitants of the entire south shore of Lake Erie. But Erie villages are only located between Erie, Pennsylvania, and Buffalo, New York, but never farther west than the present New York/Pennsylvania state line.
Survey and Founding of the City: 1796–1860.
As one of thirty-six founders of the Connecticut Land Company, General Moses Cleaveland was selected as one of its seven directors and was subsequently sent out as the company's agent to map and survey the company's holdings. On July 22, 1796, Cleaveland and his surveyors arrived at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River. Cleaveland quickly saw the land, which had previously belonged to Native Americans, as an ideal location for the "capital city" of the Connecticut Western Reserve. Cleaveland and his surveyors quickly began making plans for the new city. He paced out a nine-and-a-half-acre Public Square, similar to those in New England. His surveyors decided upon the name, Cleaveland, after their leader. In October, Cleaveland and his staff returned to Connecticut where he pursued his ambition in political, military, and law affairs, never once returning to the settlement he established. The village of Cleaveland was incorporated on December 23, 1814 and its first citizen of European extract was Lorenzo Carter, who made Cleveland a solid source for trade. He also built a large log cabin for newcomers to settle in. The spelling of the city's name was changed in 1831 by "The Cleveland Advertiser", an early city newspaper. In order for the name to fit on newspaper's masthead, the first "a" was dropped, reducing the city's name to "Cleveland". Another account is that the spelling changes came from an error on a surveyor's map. The new spelling stuck, and long outlasted the "Advertiser" itself.
Though not initially apparent — the city was adjacent to swampy lowlands and the harsh winters did not encourage settlement — the location proved providential. The city began to grow rapidly after the completion of the Ohio and Erie Canal in 1832, turning the city into a key link between the Ohio River and the Great Lakes, particularly once the city railroad links were added. In 1822, a young, charismatic lawyer and politician, John W. Willey came to Cleveland and quickly established himself within the city. He became a popular figure in local politics and wrote the Cleveland Municipal Charter as well as several of the city's original laws and ordinances. Willey was then elected the first mayor of Cleveland for two terms.
With James Clark and several others, Willey bought a section of the Flats with plans to transform it into Cleveland Centre, a business and residential district. Willey then bought a piece of land from the southeast section of Ohio City across from Columbus Street in Cleveland. Willey named the new territory Willeyville and subsequently built a bridge connecting the two sections, calling it Columbus Street Bridge. The bridge siphoned off commercial traffic to Cleveland before it could reach Ohio City's mercantile district. This action aggravated citizens of Ohio City, and brought to the surface a fierce rivalry between the small city and Cleveland. Ohio City citizens rallied for "Two Bridges or None!". In October 1836, they violently sought to stop the use of Cleveland's new bridge by bombing the western end of it. However, the explosion caused little damage. A group of 1,000 Ohio City volunteers began digging deep ditches at both ends of the bridge, making it impossible for horses and wagons to reach the structure. Some citizens were still unsatisfied with this and took to using guns, crowbars, axes, and other weapons to finish off the bridge. They were then met by Willey and a group of armed Cleveland militiamen. A battle ensued on the bridge, with two men seriously wounded before the county sheriff arrived to end the violence and arrest many. A court injunction prevented further confrontations which may have led to an all out war between Cleveland and Ohio City. The two cities eventually made amends and Ohio City was annexed by Cleveland in 1854.
The Columbus bridge became an important asset for Cleveland, permitting produce to enter the city from the surrounding hinterlands and build the city's mercantile base. This was greatly increased with the coming of the Ohio & Erie Canal, which realized the city's potential as a major Great Lakes port. Later, as a halfway point for iron ore coming from Minnesota across the Great Lakes and for coal and other raw materials coming by rail from the south, the site flourished. Cleveland became one of the major manufacturing and population centers of the United States, and was home to numerous major steel firms.
By the end of the American Civil War, Cleveland was one of the five main oil refining centers in the U.S. (besides Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, New York, and the region in northwestern Pennsylvania where most of the oil originated). Standard Oil began as a partnership based in Cleveland, between John D. Rockefeller, William Rockefeller, Henry M. Flagler, and Samuel Andrews.
The Civil War years and the dawn of the Industrial Age: 1861–1900.
Civil War.
Prior to the American Civil War, Clevelanders viewed the slaveholding South based on political affiliation. While a majority of Clevelanders tended to side with the abolitionist North, not all of them loathed slavery, nor were they all convinced that a civil war would resolve ideological differences between North and South. As election year approached and impending clouds of war loomed, rhetoric of Cleveland's local newspapers became increasingly divided. For example, "The Cleveland Herald and Gazette" and "The Cleveland Leader", both largely Republican papers argued that southern actions had driven John Brown to raid Harpers Ferry on October 1859. "The Plain Dealer", a largely Democratic publication blamed Brown and abolitionist Republicans for the raid.
When Abraham Lincoln won 58% of the vote in 9 of 11 wards for the presidency and as the secession crisis loomed closer, the partisan rhetoric of Cleveland newspapers became more and more aggressive. The "Herald" celebrated Lincoln's victory as one of right over wrong, of Unionists over secession-minded southern Democrats, while the "Leader" dismissed threats of the South's secession. "The Plain Dealer", meanwhile argued that secession was imminent. When war finally did break out on April 1861, Cleveland Democrats and Republicans decided to end their dispute and united to form the Union party to support Lincoln's war effort. However, this coalition did not go untested.
The Civil War years brought an economic boom to Cleveland. The city was making the transition from a small town to an industrial giant. Railroad iron and gun-carriage axles were manufactured for military use. Due to the cutoff of Southern trade, Cleveland opened its first tobacco factory, T. Maxfield & Co., in 1862. The city's garment industry also began to prosper. The German Woolen Factory (also in 1862) became the first company to manufacture wool cloth in Cleveland. By 1865, its banks held $2.25 million in capital and $3.7 million in deposits. In 1863, 22% of all U.S. Naval crafts built for use on the Great Lakes were built in Cleveland. That figure increased by 1865 to 44%.
Civilian aid to the military centered around establishment and maintenance of the Soldiers' Aid Society of Northern Ohio (1861), the U.S. General Hospital (1862), Camp Taylor (1861), and Camp Cleveland (1862). Food, blankets, and reading material were provided by citizens to recruits at both military camps until government stores and equipment could be distributed.
When the war ended, Cleveland welcomed home troops after service in the field, treating them to a meal and a short welcoming ceremony on Public Square before they marched to Camp Cleveland for payment and discharge from the army. Those Clevelanders who died in the war were honored at Woodland Cemetery with the memorials commemorating the 7th Ohio Volunteer Infantry Regiment and the 23rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry Regiment.
The issue of full emancipation still lingered about. The Herald and the Leader supported the proposed Emancipation Proclamation of January 1, 1863, commending Lincoln for the "for the stalwart blow he struck for freedom and for the peace and future tranquility of the Union." "The Plain Dealer", on the other hand, argued that the only purpose of the war was to preserve the union and that making "citizens of the entire black population" would ultimately tarnish the white race.
Cleveland during the Gilded Age: 1865-1900.
The Civil War vaulted Cleveland into the first rank of American manufacturing cities and fueled unprecedented growth. By 1870, the city's population had shot up to 92,829, more than doubling its 1860 population of 43,417. Many mansions were built along the city's more prominent streets, such as the Southworth House along Prospect Avenue, and those on Millionaire's Row, on Euclid Avenue. Yet the population growth also fostered the need for efficient police and fire protection, decent housing, public education, health services, transportation, and better roads and streets.
After the Civil War, political power shifted from Democrats to Republicans. The main architect of this conversion was industrialist Mark Hanna, who entered politics when he was elected to the Cleveland Board of Education around 1869 and became a political kingmaker.
Hanna was eventually challenged by Republican Robert E. McKisson, who became mayor in 1895 and launched the construction of a new city water and sewer system. Vehemently anti-Hanna, McKisson created a powerful political machine to vie for control of the local Republican party. He padded the payroll with his political cronies, expanded the activities of government, and called for city ownership of all utilities. After serving two terms, he was soundly defeated by an alliance of Democrats and Hanna Republicans. It was clear that the city's government needed reform.
In 1897, Eliza Bryant founded the Cleveland Home of Aged Colored People (now Eliza Bryant Village), the oldest non-religious black institution in Ohio.
The Roaring Twenties: 1901–1929.
Early in the 20th century, Cleveland was home to pioneer carmakers, including steam car builders White and Gaeth and electric car company Baker.
After a succession of lax Democrats, Hanna Republicans and McKisson's corrupt political machine, Cleveland voted for change, putting Democrat Tom L. Johnson into the mayor's office in 1901. Johnson led reforms for "home rule, three-cent fare, and just taxation". He initiated the Group Plan of 1903 as well as the Mall, the earliest and most complete civic-center plan for a major city outside of Washington, D.C. With cabinet members Newton D. Baker and Harris R. Cooley, Johnson also reformed and professionalized city hall.
Despite the efforts of Johnson and his Republican successor Herman C. Baehr, the city sought more freedom from most state-imposed restrictions of the management of its affairs. Johnson progressive Newton D. Baker was elected in 1911, pushed for home rule, and helped write the 1912, Ohio constitutional amendment giving municipalities the right to govern themselves. By campaigning for its passage in 1913, Baker became influential in selecting the commission to write Cleveland's first home rule charter. In 1916, Baker declined to run for a third term and instead returned to private practice of law. Baker was succeeded as mayor by Harry L. Davis. Davis established the Mayor's Advisory War Committee, formed 1917 to increase efficiency of money, time, and effort. He appointed the committee to plan ways in which Cleveland could assist with aiding the American effort in World War I. The effort gained national recognition. After the war ended in 1918, during the time of the Russian Revolution, there began a new threat – the First Red Scare. One of the great dilemmas faced by Davis was trying to restore order during the violent Cleveland May Day Riots of 1919. Faced with the issue of the riots and his own ambitions to become governor of Ohio, Davis resigned in May 1920 (he would later serve as a mayor again in 1933).
In 1920, Cleveland reached nationwide recognition as the fifth-largest city in the United States. In that same year, the Cleveland Indians defeated the Brooklyn Robins in the World Series. The 1920s were prosperous for the city.
The northward migration of musicians from New Orleans brought jazz to the city; new jazz talent also rose from Cleveland Central High School.
Immigrants, particularly from Eastern Europe began entering Cleveland. With more people, more jobs were needed, and the city's industry also began to see rapid growth. New and better structures began to arise in the city. William R. Hopkins, who became the city manager in 1924 oversaw the development of parks, the Cleveland Municipal Airport (later renamed Hopkins International Airport), and improved welfare institutions. In 1926, the Van Sweringen brothers, who had previously worked to improve Cleveland's trolley and rapid program, began construction of the great Terminal Tower in 1927. Until 1967, the tower was the tallest building in the world outside of New York City.
The Eighteenth Amendment prohibiting the sale and manufacturing of alcohol first took effect in Cleveland on May 27, 1919. However, it was not well-enforced. One policeman even said, "Hell, I'm not going to arrest nobody for doing what I like to do myself." Cleveland alcohol stocks declined when the Prohibition Bureau sent an administrator and federal agents as the amendment and the Volstead Act became law in January 1920. With prohibition, Cleveland, like other major American cities saw the development of organized crime. Little Italy's Mayfield Road Mob was notorious for smuggling bootleg alcohol out of Canada to Cleveland. The mob's members included Joe Tonardo, Nathan Weisenburg, the seven Porello brothers (four of whom were killed), Moses Donley, Paul Hackett, and J.J. Schleimer. These names and Milano, Furgus, and O'Boyle held the same connotation as Al Capone in Chicago. Speakeasies began appearing all over the city. An anti-Prohibition group found 2,545 such locations throughout Cleveland.
The Great Depression and revitalization: 1929–1961.
On October 24, 1929, the stock market crashed, plunging the entire nation into the Great Depression. If Prohibition had been unpopular in Cleveland in its early days, it was even more unpopular during the Depression. Tired of gang wars in Cleveland and Chicago, Fred G. Clark founded an anti-gang, anti-Prohibition group called the Crusaders. The group formed "battalions" of "militant young men" into chapters nationwide. Cleveland became their national headquarters, and by 1932 the Crusaders claimed one million members. The Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform was another group formed in Cleveland that also rose to prominence.
When Franklin D. Roosevelt became president, Prohibition appeared to be near an end. Together, the Crusaders, the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, and the Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform formed the Ohio Repeal Council, and Prohibition was finally repealed in Cleveland on December 23, 1933.
However, this solved the least of Cleveland's problems. Harry L. Davis, who had previously served as mayor, returned and was elected again. Davis exhibited increasing incompetence in office and the city became a haven for criminal activity. The police department was corrupt, prostitution and illegal gambling were rampant, and organized crime was still abundant.
In the next election, Davis was ousted from office and Harold H. Burton became the city's new mayor. Burton, a lawyer from New England, enjoyed Cleveland and wanted to see the city get back on its feet. He accomplished this with the help of his newly appointed Safety Director, Eliot Ness, who previously served as Chief Investigator of the Prohibition Bureau for Chicago and Ohio, and played an important role in putting Al Capone behind bars. Ness made a name for himself in Cleveland by first and foremost cleaning up the city's police department. He fired corrupt, incompetent and crooked cops from the force and replaced them with talented rookies and unrecognized veterans. He also orchestrated raids on such notorious gambling spots as The Harvard Club and The BlackHawk Inn. In addition, Ness instituted on-the-spot drunk-driving tests. Those failing the test would be arrested immediately. With Ness at the head of the city's Safety Directorate, crime plummeted 38% in a single year.
Despite these impressive achievements, Ness could not end the terror that came about due to the activities of the Cleveland Torso Murderer, who committed a series of murders in which victims were brutally dismembered, as if by a surgeon. Dr. Francis E. Sweeney, who Ness strongly suspected of being the murderer, committed himself to a psychiatric ward, and the official series of murders ceased just as they had mysteriously begun. The actual culprit was never identified, and some have referred to Ness as the 14th victim of the Torso Murderer for his failure to apprehend him.
Cleveland made a steady recovery during the Depression years and even served as a national attraction for the Republican National Convention. The June 1936 Great Lakes Exposition also attracted great attention. During its first season, it drew 4 million visitors; there were 7 million attendees by the end of the second, final season in September 1937. The exposition was housed on grounds that are now used by the Great Lakes Science Center, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and Burke Lakefront Airport, among others.
Edward Blythin became mayor shortly after Burton resigned to assume a seat in the United States Senate. In 1942, Frank J. Lausche became the city's next mayor. Lausche, Cleveland's first mayor of Eastern European descent, was notable for organizing the Cleveland Transit System as well as overseeing the city's development during World War II and making plans for after the war with his Post War Planning Council.
Lausche went on to become the governor of Ohio, and the time came for a new mayor to take the reins of the city. Thomas A. Burke won a first term in office in the 1945 mayoral election. In the 1947 election, Burke found himself running against Eliot Ness, who left Cleveland during the war to become director of the Division of Social Protection of the Federal Security Agency. Burke defeated Ness in the election, but some historians believe that Ness would have won had he run six years earlier against Frank Lausche. At that time, Ness was at the peak of his popularity in Cleveland.
Cleveland's post-war period saw the city's greatest successes in sports with the Cleveland Indians winning the World Series in 1948 and the Cleveland Browns dominating the NFL from 1950 to 1956. In 1949, Cleveland was named an All-America City for the first time. In 1950, the city's population had grown to 914,808, the largest in its history. Cleveland was also advertised as the "best location in the nation" by many businessmen who felt the city's new growth brought more potential, using the slogan originated from the Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company (today part of FirstEnergy) in a campaign that ran from 1944 to 1974.
Burke's greatest achievement as mayor was his large capital-improvement program that included the establishment of the Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport. In 1954, progressive Democrat Anthony J. Celebrezze succeeded Burke. Celebrezze wanted to promote the city as a world trade center and did so by establishing the Cleveland Seaport Foundation. He was so popular with the voters that he served an unprecedented five terms before he retired to work as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare under John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.
Recent history: 1962–present.
Turbulent era.
Ralph S. Locher became Celebrezze's successor in 1962. Although Locher made some progress such as helping expand Hopkins Airport, his tenure was strained by the racial turmoil the city faced during the decade. It was the Hough Riots of 1966 that culminated the city's racial unrest. Four were killed; several injured and about 240 fires were reported. This and other city problems led to the gradual suburbanization of Cleveland residents. Locher was becoming less and less popular and lost the 1967 mayoral primary to Democrat Carl B. Stokes. Stokes went on to face Republican Seth Taft and won the election, becoming the first African American mayor of a major U.S. city, attracting national attention.
As mayor, Stokes began initiating reforms to boost the city's economy and aid its poverty-stricken areas. He first persuaded the Department of Housing and Urban Development to release urban renewal funds frozen under Locher. He persuaded city council to pass the Equal Employment Opportunity Ordinance and to increase the city's income tax from .5% to 1%. Stokes also launched "", a program aimed at rehabilitating the city. This program was highly successful. However, during the period after the Glenville Shootout, it was discovered that Fred (Ahmed) Evans and his black militant group who had initiated the chaos received money from "Cleveland: Now!", putting Stokes in a bad position. It was because of this incident and controversy surrounding an idea to build public housing in the Lee-Seville area, that lead Stokes to decline from running for a third term.
Ralph J. Perk became the city's next mayor, the first Republican to serve since Edward Blythin. Perk's political affiliation lead to good connections with President Richard Nixon. He obtained federal funds to help aid the Cleveland economy and a grant of $22 million to help crack down on city crime. Perk also had a reputation for being tough on labor unions. Perk also became a source of ridicule due to an incident in which his hair caught on fire, and his wife, Lucille, famously refused a dinner invitation from Pat Nixon for her "bowling night." However, Perk could not create any long-term solutions to help the city's economy and lost the 1977 nonpartisan primary.
The Kucinich administration.
Dennis J. Kucinich went on to win both the primary and the general elections. Kucinich was 31 when he was elected mayor, becoming the youngest mayor of a major city in the United States.
Kucinich's time as mayor began with one of the worst blizzards in Cleveland history on January 26, 1978, with winds up to 100 miles an hour. In March, Kucinich suspended his newly appointed police chief, Richard D. Hongisto. The feud later erupted into a heated debate between the two on live local television, ending with Hongisto being fired. With this move, voters felt that the "boy mayor" was not fit to govern the city. A successful recall drive with petitions of some 50,000 signatures, lead to the first recall election in the city's history. Kucinich was nearly ousted from his position, but narrowly won with 236 votes.
Part of Kucinich's promise to the city was to cancel the sale of the publicly owned electric company, Municipal Light, to the Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company (CEI), a private electric company. The sale was initiated by Perk, but when Kucinich came to office, that all changed.
When he cancelled the sale, CEI went to a United States federal court to demand that Muny Light pay $14 million in damages for the power it had purchased and to get an order attaching city equipment. Quickly, Kucinich attempted to pay the bill by cutting city spending. However, The Cleveland Trust Company, then Ohio's largest bank, told him that they would not renew the city's credit on $14,000,000 (USD) of loans taken out by the previous administration unless Kucinich would agree to sell. As it happened, Kucinich did not sell and at midnight on December 15, 1978, Cleveland Trust made Cleveland the first major American city since the Great Depression to default on its financial obligations.
With the CEI-Muny Light incident, the humorous situations surrounding Ralph Perk, and a 1969 fire on the Cuyahoga River where the oil and waste on the river's surface caught on fire, national media began referring to Cleveland as "the mistake on the lake". The city has struggled to shed this nickname ever since, though in recent times the national media have been much kinder to the city. Kucinich's popularity plummeted to an all-time low. In the 1979 mayoral election, he came in second in the mayoral primaries, only to be defeated by Republican George V. Voinovich.
"The Comeback City".
Voinovich brought the city out of its major economic problems, bringing about a downtown revitalization and urban renaissance. He oversaw the construction of Richard and David Jacobs' Key Tower, which surpassed the previous Terminal Tower in height as well as the Sohio (BP) Building, becoming the largest building in the city and state. By 1986, Cleveland was not only out of default but was named an All-America City for a second, third, and fourth time. Voinovich then made a successful run for the governorship of Ohio. Voinovich's successor was another progressive figure in Cleveland politics and the second African American to become mayor, Michael R. White. Redevelopment within the city limits under White was strongest in the downtown area near the Gateway complex—consisting of Jacobs Field and Quicken Loans Arena—and near the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Cleveland Browns Stadium. White's tenure as mayor was arguably the longest. In 2001, he declined from running for a fourth term and retired to an alpaca farm near Newcomerstown, Ohio. Four years later, it was revealed that despite the strides White made in office, he may have accepted bribes from one of his associates, Nate Gray in exchange for construction and parking contracts. He is currently under investigation by federal prosecutors.
In 2002, Jane L. Campbell was elected the city's first female mayor. Campbell had a relatively lackluster tenure as mayor. In the November 8, 2005 general mayoral election, Campbell lost to Cleveland City Council president, Frank G. Jackson. Jackson received 55% of the vote while Campbell secured 45%. His victory broke a 138-year tradition where sitting city council members failed to reach the city's highest office. Jackson assumed office as the city's 57th mayor on January 1, 2006.
An uncertain future.
In the first decade of the 21st century, the economic and civic recovery of the 1980s and 1990s appeared to stall. The white flight of the previous century continued as wealth and the middle class moved to the suburbs, leaving behind impoverished citizens and a decaying infrastructure in most neighborhoods. Tight budgets forced layoffs of city employees and cuts in public services. Still, several city neighborhoods attracted investment for revitalization, including Downtown, Tremont, Ohio City, Detroit-Shoreway, and parts of Hough. Meanwhile, many suburbs saw job growth, rising tax revenue, and new construction.
In 2006, the Ohio House legislature eliminated rules that required city workers to live within city limits. Amid fears that workers would move en masse to the suburbs, Cleveland's mayor supported lawsuits by the cities of Akron and Lima challenging the law, but these were defeated in a June 2009 Ohio Supreme Court ruling.
The national decline of the steel and auto industries hurt the region's economy, but there were other reasons for the city's malaise, according to a 2006 report by the Cleveland Branch of the Federal Reserve. The large publicly financed projects of the 1990s, such as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Cleveland Browns Stadium, and the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex, mostly failed to deliver their promised economic growth. The city's public school system languishes in the state's "academic emergency" rating, and the city proper attracted fewer college-educated citizens than the surrounding region. Moreover, regional governments did not spend much to develop new companies or train and retain engineers, scientists, and other highly educated persons who could drive a new knowledge-based economy.
Recent trends, however, point to a gradual awakening of the population to these problems and the beginnings of solving them. Cleveland has begun to rediscover its entrepreneurial past, and has begun to capitalize on the wealth of educational and medical facilities in the region to produce economic growth. The most promising economic developments for Cleveland are centered around its so-called "ed and med" district, University Circle. Projections of 10,000 new jobs to be created in the area of the circle and surrounding areas such as the Cleveland Clinic's Fairfax neighborhood offer a new opportunity to reinvent Cleveland as a modern city. The city and local economic development entities such as University Circle Inc. are currently working on a variety of plans to redevelop the neighborhoods surrounding University Circle and to build a vibrant neighborhood in what they term Cleveland's "Uptown" area. In addition to the improvement of housing stock and development of new neighborhood retail, the ed and med entities are investing in start-up and early stage companies at a higher rate than the city has seen in decades. Several area organizations, such as "JumpStart Inc.", are investing venture capital in early stage companies, while others, such as "BioEnterprise", focus on attracting venture capital and other funding into bioscience and technology firms. The level of venture capital investment in the region has increased more than five times over since 2001. Both the Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals have announced billions of dollars in investment in new facilities, such as a new heart center for the Clinic, as well as a cancer center and new pediatric hospital for UH. Case Western Reserve University, the region's leading research university, is planning to focus its bioscience research into a new research and incubation park known as the "West Quad", which will also involve a variety of institutions from around the region. It is hoped that initiatives such as these will deliver the private-sector economic growth that Cleveland has so desperately craved, and bring with it a better future for the city and region.

</doc>
<doc id="2924078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924078" title="Aleksandra Sokolovskaya">
Aleksandra Sokolovskaya

Aleksandra Lvovna Sokolovskaya (; 1872 – 1938?) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and Leon Trotsky's first wife. She perished in the Great Purges no earlier than 1938.
Sokolovskaya, was a Marxist revolutionary in Nikolaev, Ukraine in the 1890s. She was Leon Trotsky's first wife in 1899-1902, while the two of them were in prison and in Siberian exile together. They had two daughters, Zinaida Volkova (1901) and Nina Nevelson (1902).
When Trotsky considered escaping from Siberia (alone, of necessity) in the summer of 1902, Sokolovskaya fully endorsed his plan. After Trotsky met Natalia Sedova, his future second wife, in Paris in late 1902, his first marriage disintegrated, although the two maintained a friendly relationship until the end.
Not much is known about Sokolovskaya's life post-1902. Her daughters were mostly raised by David and Anna Bronstein, Trotsky's wealthy parents, in Yanovka, Ukraine. Sokolovskaya raised her granddaughter Aleksandra in 1932-1935 after the latter's mother, Zinaida Volkova, was allowed to leave the country in 1931 and her father, Zakhar Moglin, was arrested in 1932. According to the family, Sokolovskaya was an educator and was close to Lenin's widow, Nadezhda Krupskaya, in the early 1930s.
Sokolovskaya was arrested and exiled in 1935. She was last seen in a Kolyma labor camp by Nadezhda Joffe, Adolph Joffe's daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2924083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924083" title="Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing">
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEx; , also 香港交易所 or 港交所 ) operates a stock market and futures market in Hong Kong through its wholly owned subsidiaries The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK) and Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (HKFE). 
The Group also operates four clearing houses in Hong Kong: Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited (HKSCC), HKFE Clearing Corporation Limited (HKCC), the SEHK Options Clearing House Limited (SEOCH) and OTC Clearing Hong Kong Limited (OTC Clear). HKSCC, HKCC and SEOCH provide integrated clearing, settlement, depository and nominee activities to their participants, while OTC Clear provides OTC interest rate derivatives and non-deliverable forwards clearing and settlement services to its members.
HKEx provides market data through its data dissemination entity, HKEx Information Services Limited. HKEx also owns the London Metal Exchange, which has a dominant global position in base metals trading. With a total market capitalisation of over US$2.9 trillion as of 30 January 2014, the HKEx ranked sixth largest exchange in the world at the time by market capitalisation of listed companies (see List of stock exchanges for complete rankings). As of 31 December 2013, there were 1,643 companies listed on HKEx's securities market.
History.
Securities Market
Reports of securities trading in Hong Kong date back to the mid-19th century. However, the first formal market, the Association of Stockbrokers in Hong Kong, was not established until 1891. The Association was renamed the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1914.
A second exchange, the Hong Kong Stockbrokers' Association was incorporated in 1921. The two exchanges merged to form the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1947 and re-establish the stock market after the Second World War.
Rapid growth of the Hong Kong economy led to the establishment of three other exchanges - the Far East Exchange in 1969; the Kam Ngan Stock Exchange in 1971; and the Kowloon Stock Exchange in 1972.
Pressure to strengthen market regulation and to unify the four exchanges led to the incorporation of SEHK, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1980. The four exchanges ceased business on 27 March 1986 and the new exchange commenced trading through a computer-assisted system on 2 April 1986. Prior to the completion of the merger with HKFE in March 2000, the unified stock exchange had 570 participant organisations.
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited was incorporated in 1989. It created CCASS, the central clearing and settlement system, which started operating in 1992 and became the central counterparty for all CCASS participants.
The clearing operation is based on the immobilisation of share certificates in a central depository. Share settlement is on a continuous net settlement basis by electronic book entry to participants' stock accounts in CCASS. Transactions between CCASS participants are settled on T+2, the second trading day following the transaction.
The company also offers nominee service.
Derivatives Market
Established in 1976, the Hong Kong Commodity Exchange (the predecessor of Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited) is a derivatives leader in the Asia-Pacific region. The main products traded on the commodity exchange were cotton futures, sugar futures, soybean futures and gold futures. The Hong Kong Commodity Exchange was renamed the Hong Kong Futures Exchange (HKFE) on 7 May 1985.
HKFE launched on 6 May 1986 its flagship product, the HSI Futures, which is still its most popular futures product in HKEx’s derivatives markets today. HKFE provides efficient and diversified markets for trading futures and options contracts by its more than 160 participant organisations, including many that are affiliated to international financial institutions. The derivatives market under HKEx trades a broad range of products, including equity index, stock and interest rate.
HKEx and its subsidiary companies, HKFE Clearing Corporation Limited and SEHK Options Clearing House Limited, operate rigorous risk management system which enables participants and their clients to meet their investment and hedging needs in a liquid and well-regulated market place.
OTC Clearing Hong Kong Limited (OTC Clear) was incorporated as a subsidiary of HKEx in May 2012 for the purpose of acting as the clearing house for OTC derivatives in Hong Kong. Subsequently, HKEx, under the founding member programme, invited 12 financial institutions as founding members of OTC Clear, who in total hold 25 per cent of issued share capital in OTC Clear (in the form of non-voting ordinary shares) whilst HKEx holds the remaining 75 per cent. HKEx continues to hold 100 per cent of the voting ordinary shares of OTC Clear.
OTC Clear started offering OTC derivatives clearing services in November 2013. OTC Clear created OCASS, the OTC Clearing and Settlement System, for OTC Derivatives clearing and became the central counterparty for all clearing members. OTC Clear is currently providing clearing and settlement services interest rate swaps and non-deliverable forward products.
Base Metals Market
In June 2012, HKEx announced its cash offer to acquire the London Metal Exchange (LME), the world's premier metal exchange since its founding in 1877, for GBP1.388 billion. The acquisition was completed in December 2012.
The Hong Kong Government is the single largest shareholder in HKEx, and has the right to appoint six of the thirteen directors to the Board.
Merger Speculation.
After the New York Stock Exchange announced in November 2006 that it would open an office in Beijing to work with the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing chairman Ronald Arculli dampened speculation saying it has no immediate plans to acquire or merge with other exchanges, but would focus on "strengthening our competitiveness and reviewing our listing fees."
Infrastructure.
Computers were integrated on 2 April 1986, which has helped modernise the system. In 1993 the exchange launched the "Automatic Order Matching and Execution System" (AMS) that was replaced by the third generation system (AMS/3) in October 2000. Systems as such were added to meet the increased popularity of online Stock trading.
Trading Hours.
HKEx trades from 09:00 am to 12:00 pm and from 1:00 pm to 6:00 pm.
Products.
Major securities products include equity securities, depositary receipts, debt securities, unit trusts/mutual funds (i.e. ETF's and REIT's) and structured products. Derivative products include index and stock futures and options, interest rate and fixed income products and gold futures.
Controversies.
Penny stocks fiasco.
In April 2002, HKEx launched a study to consider the delisting of "penny stocks" to improve market efficiency. Its 25 July 2002 proposal to cancel listings of companies trading below HK$0.50 for 30 straight days hit penny stocks hard. Seventeen companies' shares lost more than 30 per cent of their value, and about HK$6 billion in market capitalisation was wiped off 105 listed companies. David Webb said that HKEx's desire to delist stemmed from these companies generating very little revenue for the exchange but taking up a disproportionate amount of staff resources. Webb decried the conflict of interest between its role as operator and regulator, and called on the regulatory role to be passed to the SFC.
On 10 September 2002, a government report was released which found HKEx Chief Executive Kwong Ki-chi guilty of administrative mistakes and said he "should be held responsible on behalf of the HKEx for any major policy shortcomings in the preparation and release of the consultation paper".
Government share purchase.
In September 2007, the government revealed that it had increased its stake from 4.41 percent to 5.88 percent. According to market sources, the Government spent HK$2.44 billion to buy 15.72 million shares in the company. The stake would be held by the Exchange Fund as a "strategic asset".
The move has drawn widespread criticism in Hong Kong and abroad: governance advocate and Board member David Webb said that the government was the second-largest single investor in the Hong Kong market after Beijing, with a portfolio of local equities estimated to be worth about HK$150 billion. He said the purchase violated the government's stated principle of "big market, small government", adding that it increased uncertainty and sends a very negative signal to the market as a whole; the Civic Party criticised the Government for damaging public confidence in the capital market, and interfering with the stock exchange's independence; A Wall Street Journal editorial said that the Hong Kong Government is further interfering in the market to "cozy up to China's
tightly controlled domestic exchanges". Financial commentator Jake van der Kamp noted the Financial Secretary's conundrum: The government is faced with a conflict of interest, as its desire for an efficient marketplace is contrary to its desire as a shareholder, who would prefer to maximise returns.
The Government said that it wanted to play a positive role in the stock exchange's development as a shareholder. Analysts expect the Government will continue to increase its stake, as HKEx is being prepared "for future integration and alliance with mainland exchanges". Another analyst was concerned about the independence of "Independent Chairman" Ronald Arculli, who also sits on the Executive Council.
Hong Kong stock exchange hacked.
On 10 August 2011, the Hong Kong stock exchange was forced to halt trading in the afternoon for 7 stocks, including itself and 2 other blue chip stocks - HSBC Holdings and Cathay Pacific, after its website was hacked during the morning trading session.
Regulation to extend directors' trading blackout.
Between 11 January 2008 and 7 April 2008, HKEx launched a consultation paper proposing changes to the Listing Rules "to address 18 substantive policy issues pertaining to corporate governance and initial listing criteria". On 28 November 2008, new rules were announced which included, "inter alia", limitation of directors' trading in their companies' shares between the end of each semester until after publication of its results. The Listing Rule amendments were due to become effective on 1 January 2009. The previous blackout period is within one month of publication, and was considered by HKEx to "fail to ensure that insiders do not abuse the market while in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information".
In mid-December, legislators representing the functional constituencies, led by Abraham Razack, Chim Pui Chung and David Li, demanded that regulators postponed the execution of a prolonged blackout proposal. Razack said HKEx did not consult widely enough and the process was a "black- box operation" that did not reflect industry opinion; David Webb said that the campaign was due to some well-connected tycoons and company directors' rearguard action to derail the rule change. On 30 December 2008, the Listing Committee said it would not withdraw the new rule because it would "have a long-term benefit on the market. However it postponed the rules' introduction by three months."

</doc>
<doc id="2924108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924108" title="Eli Pariser">
Eli Pariser

Eli Pariser (born December 17, 1980) is the chief executive of Upworthy, a website for "meaningful" viral content. He is a left-wing political and internet activist, the board president of MoveOn.org and a co-founder of Avaaz.org.
Career.
Pariser's rise to prominence as a political activist began when he and college student David H. Pickering launched an online petition calling for a nonmilitary response to the attacks of September 11. At the time, he was working as a program assistant for the national nonprofit More Than Money. In less than a month, half a million people had signed the petition.
Pariser joined Moveon.org in November 2001, when founders Wes Boyd and Joan Blades invited him to merge his efforts with theirs. During the 2004 U.S. presidential campaign, Pariser co-created the "Bush in 30 Seconds" ad contest and raised over $30 million from small donors to run ads and back Democratic and progressive candidates. Writing for "The New York Times Magazine" in 2003, journalist George Packer referred to MoveOn as the "mainstream" element of what "may be the fastest-growing protest movement in American history." Pariser was the Executive Director of MoveOn.org from 2004 to 2008 and since 2008 has been Board President.
Pariser later became concerned about the development of web personalization. He noticed a pattern of differing responses to search engine queries based on a user's past Internet search history, such that a person with a liberal orientation might get an entirely different set of responses than a conservative if he or she used Google, Facebook, or Yahoo to search for a phrase or term on the Internet. For example, a liberal typing "BP" might get information about the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, while a conservative typing "BP" might get investment information about the oil company. This led to his development of the concept of a filter bubble, a danger that people do not get exposed to viewpoints different from their own.
In 2013, Pariser joined the board of advisors for tech startup State.com, creating a network of structured opinions.
Personal life.
Pariser was born on December 17, 1980, the son of Dora Lievow of Camden, Maine and Emanuel Pariser of Waterville, Maine. He grew up in Lincolnville, Maine, and in 2000 graduated summa cum laude from Bard College at Simon's Rock with a B.A. in law and political science. In 2005, he returned to Simon's Rock to give the commencement speech. Pariser is married to Gena Konstantinakos.

</doc>
<doc id="2924125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924125" title="Higashi-Shiogama Station">
Higashi-Shiogama Station

Lines.
Higashi-Shiogama Station is served by the Senseki Line. It is located 17.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Senseki Line at Aoba-dōri Station. 
Station layout.
Higashi-Shiogama Station has one elevated side platform and one elevated island platform with the station building underneath. 
History.
Higashi-Shiogama Station opened on April 18, 1927 as a station on the Miyagi Electric Railway. The line was nationalized on May 1, 1944. On November 1, 1981 the station was relocated to its present location. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="2924127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924127" title="Bogotá's Bike Paths Network">
Bogotá's Bike Paths Network

Bogotá is the Colombian city with the most extensive and comprehensive network of bike paths. Bogotá’s bike paths network or "Ciclorutas de Bogotá" in Spanish, designed and built during the administration of Mayors Antanas Mockus, Enrique Peñalosa and Samuel Moreno, is also one of the most extensive in the world.
The design of the network was made taking into consideration the morphology and topography of the city. This is, from north to south the city has a flat topography and from east to west the city has varying degrees of inclination.
A mesh concept was applied for the theoretical plan of the network because it presented greater versatility and adaptation given that the road network was designed as a grid plan with streets going from south to north and from east to west.
The network was also integrated with the TransMilenio bus system which has bicycle parking facilities.
Network hierarchy.
A network hierarchy was determined following the criteria above.
Main Network: connects the main centres of the city in a direct and expeditious manner, for instance connecting the main work and education centers with the most populated residential areas, and receiving the flow from secondary networks.
Secondary Network: leads riders to the main network, it connects housing centers and attraction centres and parks with the main network.
Complementary Network: links and provides continuity to the network. It consists of additional bike paths that are required to complete the mesh system and to distribute bicycle traffic on specific areas. It includes a recreational network, local networks and a system of long green areas.
Bike paths' impact on city life.
Since the construction of the ciclorutas, bicycle use has quintupled in the city, and it is estimated that there are between 300,000 and 400,000 trips made daily in Bogotá by bicycle. A large portion of this use is in southern, poorer areas.
The ciclorrutas are an ongoing project. Many segments are still not connected to the main network. In some parts, they are placed on the sidewalk in a way that puts pedestrians and cyclists in competition.

</doc>
<doc id="2924143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924143" title="Harvey Cox">
Harvey Cox

Harvey Gallagher Cox, Jr. (born May 19, 1929 in Malvern, Pennsylvania) is one of the preeminent theologians in the United States and served as Hollis Research Professor of Divinity at the Harvard Divinity School, until his retirement in October 2009. Cox's research and teaching focus on theological developments in world Christianity, including liberation theology and the role of Christianity in Latin America. 
Biography.
After a stint in the U.S. Merchant Marine, Cox attended the University of Pennsylvania and graduated in 1951 with a B.A. degree with honors in history. He went on to earn a B.D. degree from the Yale University Divinity School in 1955, and a Ph.D. degree in the history and philosophy of religion from Harvard University in 1963.
Cox was ordained as an American Baptist minister in 1957, and started teaching as an assistant professor at the Andover Newton Theological School in Massachusetts. He then began teaching at the Harvard Divinity School in 1965 and in 1969 became a full professor.
Cox became widely known with the publication of "The Secular City" in 1965. It became immensely popular and influential for a book on theology, selling over one million copies. Cox developed the thesis that the church is primarily a people of faith and action, rather than an institution. He argued that "God is just as present in the secular as the religious realms of life". Far from being a protective religious community, the church should be in the forefront of change in society, celebrating the new ways religiosity is finding expression in the world. Phrases such as "intrinsic conservatism prevents the denominational churches from leaving their palaces behind and stepping into God's permanent revolution in history" (p. 206) were viewed as threatening to the "status quo" by some, or seen as an embrace of the social revolution of the 1960s. 
In Taylor Branch's history, "Parting the Waters", Branch notes that Cox hosted a dinner at which Martin Luther King, Jr. was introduced to people who would become some of his closest colleagues and advisors as a civil rights activist.
Cox retired in September 2009 in a well publicised ceremony and celebration. His new book, "The Future of Faith" was released to coincide with his retirement. “The Future of Faith’’ explores three important trends in Christianity’s 2,000 years. He views the religion’s first three centuries as the Age of Faith, when followers simply embraced the teachings of Jesus. Then came the Age of Belief, in which church leaders increasingly took control and set acceptable limits on doctrine and orthodoxy. But the last 50 years, Cox contends, welcome in the Age of the Spirit, in which Christians have begun to ignore dogma and embrace spirituality, while finding common threads with other religions.

</doc>
<doc id="2924147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924147" title="Bagnoud Observatory">
Bagnoud Observatory

François-Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ("Observatoire François-Xavier Bagnoud") is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François-Xavier Bagnoud. It is located above the village of Saint-Luc, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="2924150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924150" title="Peace River Country">
Peace River Country

The Peace River Country (or Peace Country) is an aspen parkland region around the Peace River in Canada. It spans from northwestern Alberta to the Rocky Mountains in northeastern British Columbia, where a certain portion of the region is also referred to as the Peace River Block.
Geography.
The Peace River Country includes the incorporated communities of Fort St. John, Dawson Creek, Tumbler Ridge and Chetwynd in British Columbia. Major communities in the Alberta portion of the Peace Country include Grande Prairie, Peace River, High Level and Fairview. It has no fixed boundaries but covers an area of approximately 100,000 miles² to 150,000 miles² (260,000 km² to 390,000 km²).
In British Columbia, the area extends from Monkman Provincial Park and Tumbler Ridge in the south, to Hudson's Hope and the Williston Lake in the west, to Fort St. John and Charlie Lake in the north. The term is used also in a broader sense to mean the whole of the Northeastern Interior past the Rockies, including Fort Nelson and other parts of the Liard drainage, and before W.A.C. Bennett Dam included the upper Peace River through its canyon between Finlay Forks and Hudson's Hope. In Alberta, the region stretches from Grande Prairie and Valleyview in the south, to High Prairie and Lesser Slave Lake in the east, to Fort Vermilion, High Level and Rainbow Lake in the north.
History.
The area was first explored by Sir Alexander MacKenzie in 1789, when he travelled along the Peace River, eventually reaching the Mackenzie River and the Arctic Ocean. In 1793 he used the same route to reach the Pacific Ocean. Subsequently, the region saw a surge in fur trade, with forts built along the river from Fort Vermilion to Hudson's Hope. 
At the beginning of the 20th century, the farming potential of the area was advertised by the federal government, but settlement was scarce because of difficult travel conditions through the muskeg. With the arrival of the railway in 1916, and following the opening of land for homesteaders in 1910, farming and ranching took off in the fertile Peace Country. The settlement of the British Columbia portion of the agricultural area, known as the Peace River Block], originated as a railway grant which wound up for a time under Dominion jurisdiction and managed by offices in Alberta until returned to British Columbia following ongoing jurisdictional conflicts.
Forestry plays a large role in the Peace Country, and as a result, pulp mills have been built in Chetwynd, Peace River and Grande Prairie since the 1970s.
Economy registered a new boost with the discovery of oil and gas in the region. In 1952, gas was struck in the Fort St. John No. 1 well, and the first refinery was built in 1957 at Taylor. In the mid-1970s, the massive Elmworth natural gas field in northwest Alberta was discovered, as well as other major gas fields in British Columbia and Alberta and both Fort St. John and Grande Prairie have experienced rapid economic and population growth as a result.
Economy.
Peace Country contains Canada's northernmost lands suitable for agriculture. Crops raised include canola, oats, peas and barley. Some cattle ranching and beekeeping is also done in the area. In 2006, the region accounted for 14.4% of Canada's total bison-producing herd.
Other industries include oil and gas extraction and forestry. Lumber, oriented strand board, and pulp are produced in many forestry mills throughout the region.
Infrastructure.
Peace Country is crossed by the southern leg of the Alaska Highway, the western extremity of Alberta Highway 43 and the southern portion of the Mackenzie Highway. Other important transportation routes include the northern part of Alberta Highway 2, Alberta Highway 35, British Columbia Highway 29, British Columbia Highway 97, and Alberta Highway 49.
Regional air transport hubs are Grande Prairie Airport and Peace River Airport in Alberta and Fort St. John Airport in British Columbia.
Health care is provided through Alberta Health Services and British Columbia's Northern Health.

</doc>
<doc id="2924155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924155" title="Battle of Corinth (146 BC)">
Battle of Corinth (146 BC)

The Battle of Corinth was a battle fought between the Roman Republic and the Greek city-state of Corinth and its allies in the Achaean League in 146 BC, that resulted in the complete and total destruction of Corinth. This battle marked the beginning of the period of Roman domination in Greek history.
Overview.
In 146 BC, the Romans finally defeated and destroyed their main rival in the Mediterranean, Carthage, and spent the following months in provoking the Greeks, aiming to a final battle that would strengthen their hold also in this area. In the winter of that year the Achaean League rebelled against Roman predominance in Greece. Marching from Macedonia, the Romans defeated the first Achaean army under Critolaos of Megalopolis at the Battle of Scarpheia, and advanced unhindered onto Corinth. 
The Roman consul Mummius, with 23,000 infantry and 3,500 cavalry (probably two legions plus Italian allies) with Cretans and Pergamese, advanced into the Peloponnese against the revolutionary Achaean government. The Achaean general Diaeus camped at Corinth with 14,000 infantry and 600 cavalry (plus possibly some survivors of another army that had been defeated earlier). The Achaeans made a successful night attack on the camp of the Roman advance guard, inflicting heavy casualties. 
Encouraged by this success they offered battle the next day but their cavalry, heavily outnumbered, did not wait to receive the Roman cavalry charge and instead fled at once. The Achaean infantry, however, held the legions until a picked force of 1000 Roman infantry charged their flank and broke them. Some Achaeans took refuge in Corinth but no defense was organized because Diaeus fled to Arcadia. Corinth was utterly destroyed in this year by the victorious Roman army and all of her treasures and art plundered. The annihilation of Corinth, the same fate met by Carthage the same year, marked a severe departure from previous Roman policy in Greece.
While there is archaeological evidence of some minimal habitation in the years afterwards, Julius Caesar refounded the city as Colonia Laus Iulia Corinthiensis in 44 BC, shortly before his assassination.

</doc>
<doc id="2924160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924160" title="Shinobu (band)">
Shinobu (band)

Shinobu is an American indie rock band from the California Bay Area. Its members include Bob Vielma on bass guitar, Jon Fu on drums, Matt Keegan on guitar and trombone, and Mike Huguenor on vocals and guitar. Matt Keegan also plays in the band Bomb the Music Industry, and Mike Huguenor plays in Classics of Love, and Hard Girls. In 2006 Shinobu put out "Worstward Ho!" on Asian Man Records, their first release with distribution. They have played with acts such as Xiu Xiu, Sage Francis, and Ted Leo/the Pharmacists. Shinobu is also part of the Phat 'n' Phunky Phamily, with members playing in local acts such as "The Runaway 5", "Taft's Brigade", "The Satans" and "The Rap$callionz". They are well known throughout the area for their "Cuddle Shows", which have featured a mix of Phat 'n' Phunky acts and touring bands such as Andrew Jackson Jihad, "Keyboard" and legendary Japanese punk rockers the Ging Nang Boyz.

</doc>
<doc id="2924161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924161" title="Kansas State Wildcats">
Kansas State Wildcats

Kansas State University's (variously "Kansas State", "K-State" or "KSU") athletic teams are called the Wildcats. The official color of the teams is Royal Purple, making Kansas State one of very few schools (including also Syracuse and Harvard) that have only one official color; white and silver are generally used as complementary colors.
Kansas State participates in the NCAA's Division I (Football Bowl Subdivision) and is a member of the Big 12 Conference since 1996. Previously, Kansas State competed in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference until 1912; the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association from 1913 to 1928; and the Big Eight Conference from 1928 to 1996 (known as the Big Six from 1928–47 and the Big Seven from 1947–57). Until 2014, the women's rowing team also had dual membership in Conference USA, until the Big 12 began sponsoring rowing for the 2015 season.
Athletics department.
Kansas State offers fourteen sports at a varsity level. As of July 2014, Kansas State has won 78 total conference championships through the years, not counting titles captured in the old Kansas Intercollegiate Athletic Association (see chart below). Kansas State has not won any team NCAA championships, but has had dozens of individual national champions.
The Kansas State Wildcats are currently represented in the following NCAA Division I varsity sports:
In 2012−2013, Kansas State became the second Big 12 school to win conference titles in football, men's basketball, and baseball in the same school year. In the 2007−2008 school year, Kansas State was the only school in the nation to have a consensus All-America in both football (Jordy Nelson) and men's basketball (Michael Beasley).
History.
Athletic competition began within the first decade after the founding of Kansas State Agricultural College in 1863, as students began organizing and playing games of baseball against locals from Manhattan. Beginning in 1890, a baseball game between the faculty and the senior class became an annual feature of graduation day.
According to most sources, intercollegiate competition began on Thanksgiving Day 1893, when Kansas State's football team defeated St. Mary's College 18-10. A baseball match against St. Mary's College followed on May 26, 1894. (St. Mary's was a regional athletics powerhouse, whose recent graduates included baseball pioneers Charles Comiskey and Ted Sullivan.) These matches are not, however, reflected in the school's official histories, and the first official contest recorded is a 14-0 loss to Fort Riley in a football game on November 28, 1896.
By the turn of the century, Kansas State was competing in the Kansas Intercollegiate Athletic Association, along with the University of Kansas and other state schools. Adopting a more organized approach to athletics, in 1911 an "athletic committee" was created at the school to set policy and schedule contests, among other duties. On the heels of athletic success in the Kansas conference, including a 1912 football championship, Kansas State was invited to join the more prestigious Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MVIAA) in 1913. In 1916 head football and basketball coach Z.G. Clevenger was elected the school's first official Athletic Director. Clevenger was assisted in that role by former football star Germany Schulz. In 1928, when the "Big Six" members of the MVIAA split away from the smaller schools of the Missouri Valley, Kansas State was included in its membership.
The school's commitment to athletics dipped thereafter. According to longtime Wildcat radio announcer Dev Nelson, after World War II Kansas State was one of the few major schools that didn't make a significant investment in its football program, or athletics overall. Indeed, for many years the Wildcats spent far less on athletics than any other Big Eight school. Between 1969 and 1975 the school added women's programs, but also cut four men's sports: men's swimming, wrestling, men's gymnastics and men's tennis. As recently as 1987-1988 the University of Oklahoma (the Big Eight's second smallest school) spent $12.5 million on athletics while Kansas State spent only $5.5 million. In more recent decades, however, the school has recommitted significant resources to athletics, and in 2012 it was the most profitable athletics department in the United States, although it still offers the fewest varsity sports in the Big 12 Conference.
Administration.
Athletics at Kansas State University are administered by the University's Department of Intercollegiate Athletics. The department is headed by the Athletic Director. The Athletic Directors over the years at Kansas State University are:
Baseball.
The Wildcats call Tointon Family Stadium home. The team's head coach is Brad Hill.
Kansas State's baseball team officially began play in 1897. The Wildcats earned what is believed to be the school's first varsity championship in 1907 under coach Mike Ahearn. The Wildcats went on to win a Missouri Valley Conference championship in 1928, and Big Six Conference championships in 1930 and 1933. The school's most recent championship was the Big 12 Conference regular season championship in 2013. Kansas State's best finish at the Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament is a runner-up finish in the 2008 tournament.
The Wildcats have traditionally not been competitive on a national scale, but in 2009 the team made its first appearance in the NCAA Tournament, and it has returned three times since. Coach Brad Hill's teams also earned the school's first national rankings in the "USA Today"/ESPN Coach's Poll in the 2009 and 2010 seasons.
Other milestones in the team's history include Earl Woods, the father of golfer Tiger Woods, becoming the first African-American baseball player in the Big Seven Conference in 1952, as well as all-time coaching wins leader Mike Clark winning the Big Eight Coach of the Year award in 1990.
Basketball.
The men's and women's basketball teams play their home games in Bramlage Coliseum, nicknamed the "Octagon of Doom".
Men's basketball.
Kansas State's men's basketball team began competition in 1902. The program has a long history of success. The first two major conference titles captured by the school were won in the sport, in 1917 and 1919, in the Missouri Valley Conference. Kansas State has gone on to capture 18 conference crowns in the sport. The program has also appeared in 27 NCAA basketball tournaments. Kansas State lost to the University of Kentucky for the national championship in 1951, and has reached the Final Four four times, the Elite Eight 12 times, and the Sweet Sixteen 16 times. K-State has finished ranked in the top ten of the AP Poll or Coaches Poll on nine occasions (most recently in 2010), and in the final top 25 polls fifteen total times. When "Street & Smith's Annual" listed the 100 greatest college basketball programs of all time in 2005, K-State ranked 22nd.
After a lengthy period with little success during the 1990s and 2000s, Kansas State has returned to prominence. Following a twelve-year absence, the team was invited to the 2008 NCAA tournament under first-year head coach Frank Martin. Following that season, Kansas State freshman Michael Beasley was named an All-American and Big 12 Conference Player of the Year. In the 2009–10 season, the team spent much of the year ranked in the Top 10 of the polls and finished second in the Big 12 with an 11-5 record. The team received a #2 seed for the 2010 NCAA Tournament, and beat North Texas, BYU and Xavier to advance to the Elite Eight. On March 31, 2012, Bruce Weber was announced as head coach, after the departure of Frank Martin. Weber led the 2012-13 team to the school's first regular-season conference championship since 1977, and a fourth straight appearance in the NCAA tournament.
Women's basketball.
Kansas State's women's basketball team began intercollegiate competition in 1968. The team is among the top 15 all-time winningest programs in the NCAA.
The women's team has participated in 19 total NCAA basketball tournaments and AIAW tournaments (pre-NCAA), the second-most appearances in the Big 12 Conference. K-State has finished ranked in the Top 10 of the AP Poll on three occasions (1984, 2003, 2004), and in the top twenty nine times. Following the 2005–2006 season, Kansas State was crowned champion of the Women's National Invitation Tournament.
The current head coach is Jeff Mittie, who replaced Deb Patterson after the 2013–2014 season.
Football.
Kansas State's football team officially began play in 1896 with a 14-0 loss to Fort Riley on November 28, 1896. Despite some shining moments in the 1920s and 1930s, by 1989 the school was statistically the worst program in NCAA Division I with a record of 299–509–41. Fortunes changed in 1989, when the athletic department hired Bill Snyder as head coach. Success and high rankings followed, culminating in a #1 national ranking during the 1998 season and a Big 12 Conference championship in 2003. Between the years of 1993 and 2003, Snyder's teams went 109–29–1 and attended eleven straight bowl games. Bill Snyder retired following the 2005 season, and Ron Prince was named the new head coach.
In three seasons, Prince guided the Wildcats to a 17–20 record and an appearance at the inaugural Texas Bowl. With three games left in the 2008 season, it was announced that Prince would not return for the 2009 season. Prince was replaced by former head coach Bill Snyder, who returned to the school for a second stint. Snyder returned K-State to prominence in 2011, when the team went 10–2 in the regular season, finished second in the Big 12, and ended the season with a loss to the Arkansas in the 2012 Cotton Bowl Classic. The 2012 season was even more successful for the Wildcats, with a regular season record of 11–1 and a Big 12 Conference championship. Officially, K-State shared the 2012 conference championship with the Oklahoma Sooners, although the Wildcats won the head to head match-up, 24–19. The season ended with a loss in the 2013 Fiesta Bowl to the Oregon Ducks.
The team plays its home games at Bill Snyder Family Stadium, and the KSU Marching Band (also known as the Pride of Wildcat Land) performs at all home games, selected away games and all bowl games.
Track and field.
Kansas State began competing in track and field in 1904. The team has won 23 conference championships. Its athletes have also achieved considerable national success.
Through the end of the 2011–2012 season, K-State athletes have won individual NCAA national championships 33 times. Twenty Kansas State athletes have attended 14 Olympic Games and have won eight medals, most recently at the 2012 Summer Olympics where Erik Kynard took silver in the high jump.
The current head coach is Cliff Rovelto. Rovelto has won a number of coach of the year awards during his tenure at Kansas State, and served as head coach for the U.S. Track & Field team at the 2011 Pan American Games and assistant for the team at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki.
Former coach Ward Haylett, who is enshrined in the National Track & Field Hall of Fame, left a strong imprint on the Kansas State program. Haylett was head coach at the school from 1928–1963.
Volleyball.
The team currently plays in Ahearn Field House in Manhattan, Kansas.
Kansas State's women's volleyball team began intercollegiate competition in 1974. The team is among the all-time winningest programs in the NCAA.
As of the close of the 2013 season, the team has participated in 14 NCAA tournaments, including ten consecutive tournaments from 1996 to 2005. K-State also participated in the AIAW tournament in 1977. K-State has finished ranked in the top twenty of the AVCA poll six times, and in the top 25 on eleven occasions. The team most recently participated in the NCAA tournament in 2012.
The current head coach is Suzie Fritz. Fritz has led the Wildcats to several NCAA Tournament appearances and the school's first conference title in volleyball in 2003. As of the close of the 2008 season, Fritz also holds the second-highest winning percentage among all K-State's volleyball coaches after compiling a record of 148–70 (.679). In eight seasons as head coach, through the end of the 2008 season, Fritz has coached six All-Americans.
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
Kansas State rugby plays in the Heart of America conference against traditional rivals from the Big 12 north such as Kansas and Missouri. The Wildcats previously played college rugby in the Central Division, where they were champions in the 2009-10 and 2010-11 seasons. In the 2011-11 season Kansas State reached the sweet 16 round of the national playoffs and finished the season ranked 8th. The Wildcats best season was in 1981, when they reached the national semifinals.
Rivalries.
Kansas Jayhawks (Sunflower Showdown).
The first recorded meeting between Kansas State and KU in athletic competition was a baseball game in 1898. Since the early 1900s, when the schools began regularly competing in baseball, basketball, and football, the two teams schools and fans have developed a passionate rivalry.
Men's Basketball.
The rivalry on the hardwood peaked in the 1950s when both teams were national title contenders. A facilities race also began in the 1950s, starting with the construction of Kansas State's Ahearn Fieldhouse, which was one of the largest basketball facilities in the country with a capacity of 14,000 when opened in 1951. Kansas soon answered with Allen Fieldhouse, which would seat 16,300. The rivalry continued strong through the 1980s, but faded as Kansas began a 24-game win streak against the Wildcats in Manhattan in 1984. On January 30, 2008 #22 Kansas State upset #2 Kansas 84–75, winning against Kansas in Bramlage Coliseum for the first time with the aid of freshmen Michael Beasley and Bill Walker. Kansas State trails in the all-time series, 91–186.
Football.
Historically, neither football program has had sustained success. The rivalry intensified for a period in the early 1990s as both teams entered the national rankings. In 1991 Head Coach Bill Snyder gained his first win against the Jayhawks and over the next 12 years Kansas would only beat the Wildcats once, in 1992, until KU finally won again in a home game in 2004. The rivalry intensified again in the 2000s as Kansas returned to relevance under Mark Mangino and the Wildcats struggled under Ron Prince.
Since 1969, the two teams have competed for the Governor's Cup. Kansas State leads during the Governor's Cup era 24–19–1, but trails in the all-time series, 41–64–5.
Nebraska Cornhuskers.
Football.
After the creation of the Big 12 Conference in 1996, through the early 2000s, the Wildcats and Cornhuskers consistently competed for the Big 12 North championship. Before the 1990s, however, the series was severely one-sided, with Kansas State losing 29 consecutive games to Nebraska until November 14, 1998 when the #1-ranked Wildcats beat #11 Nebraska 40–30. Kansas State subsequently beat Nebraska in 2000, 2002, 2003 and 2004. Nebraska still leads the series 78-15-2.
Volleyball.
Nebraska was the Wildcats' biggest volleyball rival before leaving for the Big Ten Conference in 2011. Both teams were ranked in the AVCA Top 25 almost weekly during the Big 12 era, and Kansas State home games against Nebraska were promoted with t-shirts that read "Keep The Red Out."
History of racial integration.
Kansas State historically has been welcoming to all races. The university has been open to enrollment by African Americans since its founding in 1863, and as far back as the 1940s and 1950s (a time noted by many for its lack of civil rights in the United States), the leadership of K-State athletics took a strong stance in support of racial integration on its athletic teams.
Football.
In 1949, African American Harold Robinson played football for Kansas State with an athletic scholarship. In doing so, Robinson broke the decades-long "color barrier" in Big Seven Conference athletics, and became the first ever African-American athlete on scholarship in the conference. Harold Robinson later received a letter of congratulations from Jackie Robinson, who had integrated major league baseball in 1947 while playing with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Baseball.
In the spring of 1951, the conference color barrier in baseball was broken by Kansas State's Earl Woods (the father of golf great Tiger Woods). An indicator of the controversial nature of this position is reflected in an article published in "The Tulsa World" about an incident that occurred in the early 1950s during a baseball game:
Men's Basketball.
Finally, in the winter of 1951–1952, Kansas State's Gene Wilson broke the conference color barrier in basketball, together with LaVannes C. Squires at the University of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="2924162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924162" title="San Gabriel Chilac">
San Gabriel Chilac

San Gabriel Chilac is one of 216 municipalities in the Mexican state of Puebla. It is located near the city of Tehuacán.

</doc>
<doc id="2924163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924163" title="Chessie">
Chessie

The term Chessie has several meanings including:

</doc>
<doc id="2924166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924166" title="Television serial">
Television serial

A television serial is a type of television program that may take one of the following forms:

</doc>
<doc id="2924177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924177" title="Ridge (meteorology)">
Ridge (meteorology)

A ridge is an elongated region of relatively high atmospheric pressure, the opposite of a trough.
In hydrologic terms, a line or wall of broken ice forced up by pressure. May be fresh or weathered.

</doc>
<doc id="2924208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924208" title="Rights Managed">
Rights Managed

Rights Managed, or RM, in photography and the stock photo industry, refers to a copyright license which, if purchased by a user, allows the one time use of the photo as specified by the license. If the user wants to use the photo for other uses an additional license needs to be purchased. RM licences can be given on a non-exclusive or exclusive basis. In stock photography RM is one of the four common licenses or business models together with royalty-free, subscription and micro.

</doc>
<doc id="2924231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924231" title="Mimbres">
Mimbres

Mimbres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924234" title="South Medford High School">
South Medford High School

South Medford High School is a public high school in Medford, Oregon, United States.
History.
The South Medford campus was originally built in 1931 as Medford High School. Then in the 1960s, the school was divided between two campuses. Medford High became Medford Mid High, serving grades 9 and 10, with grades 11 and 12 going to a newly constructed campus, known as Medford Senior High, which is the current North Medford High School campus. This system was primarily used to allow Medford's football team to compete against schools in large cities such as Portland.
The campus is also home to Spiegelberg Stadium (9,250 seat capacity). Both South Medford and North Medford High School share the stadium for football.
In 2004, FieldTurf, a state-of-the-art surface commonly used on professional and college fields, was installed, and the surrounding track was resurfaced. The $700,000 privately funded project was spearheaded by Ed Singler, president of the Linebackers Club.
Small School Initiative.
In 2004-2005 school year, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation selected South Medford High as part of their Small School Initiative program. Over the course of the next three years, the staff of South Medford toured various other high schools across the nation to determine the exact manner in which to implement the program. Starting in the 2006-2007 school year, South Medford began the SSI with the "Freshman Academy." The following year adding the small schools "BACH" (Bridging the Arts, Communications and Humanities), "CHAMPS" (Community Health and Medical Professions School), and The Discovery School.
Academics.
In the 2008-09 school year, 81% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 441 students, 355 graduated, 44 dropped out, and 42 stayed in high school.
In the 2009-10 school year, 78% of South's Seniors received a diploma. Of 470 students, 374 graduated, 96 dropped out, and 7 stayed in high school.

</doc>
<doc id="2924235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924235" title="The Smith Family (charity)">
The Smith Family (charity)

The Smith Family is an Australian, independent non-profit children's charity whose goal is to create opportunities for disadvantaged children and their families and encourage them to participate more fully in society, using education as the a key tool. 
History.
Shortly before Christmas in 1922, five businessmen returning from a trip to the Blue Mountains visited an orphanage to share the Christmas spirit by providing the children with toys and sweets. Wishing their donation to be anonymous, each man responded as "Smith" when asked his name by the matron of the establishment.
And so The Smith Family came into existence.
During the Depression of the late 1920s and early 30s, The Smith Family assisted with the food and clothing needs of thousands of Australians as unemployment soared, and responsibility for the care of children and families fell to organisations such as The Smith Family.
In 1933 when rheumatic fever became a major health issue affecting children, The Smith Family set up a special hospital, Mt Arcadia in North Parramatta, to care for them. It closed in 1958.
In 1960, The Smith Family, under the leadership of General Secretary George Forbes, founded VIEW Clubs Australia ("Voice, Interest and Education of Women") to provide a support network for women.
The 1970s saw The Smith Family react to the needs of refugee families fleeing war in Vietnam and Timor and supporting the residents of Darwin recover from the devastation inflicted by Cyclone Tracey.
Today.
In Australia today more than 605,000 children* are living in jobless families. For these children, the effects of their family’s financial disadvantage go beyond the pressures of not having enough money for the basics; it can prevent them from accessing the same educational and life opportunities as their peers.
The Smith Family believes that every child deserves a chance and that circumstances should never limit the achievement of potential. With research showing that education has the power to transform lives, not just minds, the national charity’s "Learning for Life" program enables disadvantaged children and young people to get the opportunities they need to fully participate in their education and create better futures for themselves.
"Learning for Life" provides long term support for young Australians in need, all the way through their schooling years. This approach gives ongoing assistance to disadvantaged students so they can develop and build vital life skills, stay engaged in their education and have the best opportunity to break the cycle of disadvantage.
Through "Learning for Life", The Smith Family connects students to sponsors whose financial support helps families afford the cost of their children’s essential school items such as uniforms, text books and school excursions. "Learning for Life" workers in 97 communities link students to local learning opportunities and also encourage them to make the most of their education through participating in a range of learning support and mentoring programs.
The Smith Family’s work is evidence-led and strengthened by a network of strong partnerships with corporate and community organisations as well as individual sponsors, donors and volunteers, including the 20,000 members of VIEW Clubs of Australia.
Volunteering.
Each year over 7,000 volunteers contribute to Smith Family programs across the country.
Clothing donations.
The Smith Family operates clothing donation bins, into which people deposit used clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="2924238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924238" title="Consell Observatory">
Consell Observatory

Consell Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Latin American League of Astronomy. It is located in Consell on Majorca island, which is part of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2924246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924246" title="Thomas Straw">
Thomas Straw

Thomas Straw (1 September 1870 - 8 September 1959) was an English cricketer. A right-handed batsman born in Hucknall Torkard, Nottinghamshire, he kept wicket for Worcestershire County Cricket Club in their early years of first-class cricket. He was a poor batsman, with a top score of just 32 in his 94 innings, and went in at or near the bottom of the order.
Straw made his debut on 4 May 1899 in Worcestershire's very first first-class match, against Yorkshire at New Road. He batted at number 11, making 9 and nought, and claimed no victims in Yorkshire's first innings, although he did get off the mark in the second with a notable scalp when he held a catch to dismiss David Denton off the bowling of George Wilson.
In his 13 matches during the 1899 season, Straw held 29 catches and made one stumping, the latter against Oxford University. For the next two seasons he remained an integral part of the Worcestershire side, claiming a total of 90 dismissals in those two summers; however, he was replaced by George Gaukrodger for the 1902 season. Straw returned to the side for a single game against Oxford University in 1903, but was otherwise absent from the team for several years.
In May 1907, he made a return to the Worcestershire side against Hampshire, although only 58 overs of play were possible in the game and he did not get a mention on the scorecard. Later that same year, in August, he played four more matches, the last of these against Surrey at New Road. Straw's final victim in first-class cricket was Jack Hobbs, caught for 2 off the bowling of John Cuffe.
In the whole history of first-class cricket (prior to 2012) there have been only 23 instances of a batsman being dismissed for obstructing the field, but it happened to Straw on two occasions, in 1899 and 1901, both times against Warwickshire. 
Straw died in the place of his birth a week after his 89th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="2924261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924261" title="VRD">
VRD

VRD may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2924269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924269" title="Eternal Flame Falls">
Eternal Flame Falls

The Eternal Flame Falls is a small waterfall located at in the Shale Creek Preserve, a section of the Chestnut Ridge Park in New York. A small grotto at the waterfall's base emits natural gas, which can be lit to produce a small flame. This flame is visible nearly year round.
It was featured in the book "Secret Places" by Bruce Kershner.

</doc>
<doc id="2924273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924273" title="Glen Moss">
Glen Moss

Glen Robert Moss (born 19 January 1983) is a New Zealand goalkeeper who plays in the A-League for Wellington Phoenix, and has represented New Zealand at international level.
Club career.
Return to the A-League.
In August 2007, Moss signed a two-year contract with A-League new-comers, the Wellington Phoenix as their starting goalkeeper. In his first season he made 20 appearances out of the 21 league games and earned a reputation as a top goalkeeper, and was seen as one of the league's best shot-stoppers. However, injuries and dips in form during 2008–09 saw him share the starting jersey with fellow All Whites goalkeeper Mark Paston, making just 13 appearances and keeping 3 clean sheets.
After impressive performances for club and country, Moss attracted interest from A-League champions Melbourne Victory. Moss signed with the Victory for the 2009–10 season as their first choice goalkeeper, but lacklustre performances midway through the season after featuring in the opening 14 rounds of the season saw him overtaken by young-gun Mitchell Langerak as the Melbourne No. 1.
On 19 July it was announced Moss had signed a 2-year deal with Gold Coast United replacing Jess Vanstrattan who had moved to Central Coast Mariners and made his debut on 8 August 2010 against Brisbane Roar.
On 28 March 2012 it was announced he had signed a 3-year contract with A-League club Wellington Phoenix.
International career.
Moss has earned national selection at Under-20, Under-23 and All Whites international level.
He was selected for the U-23's in 2004 to compete in the 2004 OFC Men's Olympic Football Tournament, the qualification tournament for the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Moss gained his first international recognition when called up for the New Zealand squad for a friendly match against Iran in October 2003, however he did not earn his first cap until a 1–0 win over Malaysia in February the following year.
Moss was named in New Zealand's 2009 Confederations Cup squad to travel to South Africa where he played in all three games against Spain, South Africa and Iraq, where he kept a clean sheet and earned the All Whites a 0–0 draw – New Zealand's first point in a major FIFA competition.
In November 2008, Moss was handed a 4-match World Cup ban after swearing at referee Lencie Fred in a dead-rubber 2010 World Cup qualification match against Fiji. He was replaced by Mark Paston for the two World Cup play-off matches against Bahrain at the end of 2009. Following New Zealand's qualification for the World Cup, the ban meant Moss would miss the opening two group games.
On 10 May 2010, Moss was named in New Zealand's final 23-man squad to compete at the World Cup, but saw no action as in a reversal of roles, Paston played all of the All Whites' three games, keeping a clean sheet in the final game against Paraguay as the team missed out on a place in the last 16 despite remaining unbeaten.
International clean sheets and caps.
New Zealand's goal tally first.
Career statistics.
"CS = Clean Sheets"
1 - includes A-League final series statistics
2 - AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing during group stages (i.e. ACL 2010 and A-League season 2009–2010 etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="2924275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924275" title="Rikuzen-Hamada Station">
Rikuzen-Hamada Station

Lines.
Rikuzen-Hamada Station is served by the Senseki Line. It is located 20.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Senseki Line at Aoba-dōri Station. 
Station layout.
Rikuzen-Hamada Station has one side platform serving traffic in both directions. The station is unattended.
History.
Rikuzen-Hamada Station opened on April 18, 1927 as a on the Miyagi Electric Railway. The line was nationalized on May 1, 1944 and was renamed to its present name on that date. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. The station was closed from March 11 to May 28, 2011 due to damage caused by the tsunami associated with the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="2924276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924276" title="Bathvillite">
Bathvillite

Bathvillite is a naturally occurring organic substance. It is an amorphous, opaque, and very friable material of fawn-brown color, filling cavities in the torbanite or Boghead coal of Bathville, Lothian, Scotland. It has a specific gravity of 1.01, and is insoluble in benzene.

</doc>
<doc id="2924286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924286" title="Clifton Williams (composer)">
Clifton Williams (composer)

James Clifton Williams, Jr. (26 March 1923 Traskwood, Arkansas — 12 February 1976 Miami, Florida) was an American composer, pianist, French hornist, mellophonist, music theorist, conductor, and music educator. Williams was known by symphony patrons as a virtuoso French hornist with the San Antonio and New Orleans Symphony Orchestras. But he went on to become widely known as one of America's leading wind ensemble composers.
Education.
Williams began playing French horn, piano, and mellophone early on and played in the band at Little Rock High School. His senior class of 600 voted him as most outstanding in artistry, talent, and versatility. 
Williams attended Louisiana State University (B.M., 1947) where he was a pupil of Helen M. Gunderson (1909–1997). He also attended the Eastman School of Music (M.M., 1949) where he studied with Bernard Rogers and Howard Hanson. It was Howard Hanson who led Williams to write for the wind band rather than the orchestra, counseling Williams that he would get larger audiences and a larger range of organizations to perform his music in doing so.
During his musical studies at Louisiana State University Williams joined the fraternity Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, the largest, oldest musical fraternity in America. Later in his career, he honored this fraternity with a symphonic concert march, "The Sinfonians," that remains a staple of the concert band's repertoire today.
Career highlights.
He also served in the Army Air Corps band as a drum major, composing in his spare time.
In 1949 Williams joined the composition department at the University of Texas School of Music. He taught there until he was appointed Chair of the Theory and Composition Department at University of Miami School of Music in 1966. Williams retained this position until his death from cancer in 1976. His composition students included W. Francis McBeth, Lawrence Weiner, Robert Sheldon, Kenneth Fuchs, Ron Miller, Robert X. Rodriguez, Thomas Wells, Gordon Richard Goodwin, and John Barnes Chance. He was a close colleague of fellow composer Alfred Reed while the two worked at the University of Miami, their offices being only steps apart in the music building at UM.
Compositions.
Williams' early compositions were for orchestra and he would later achieve great success writing for concert band. One of his earliest works, "Fanfare and Allegro," was completed in 1954 but was considered, at the time, exceptionally difficult by the bands (including some military bands) that attempted to perform it. In particular, a military band struggled mightily with the work at a performance at the 1954 Brownsville (TX) Music Festival. Thus, Williams laid the work aside for some time.
The American Bandmasters Association then announced its first Ostwald Composition Prize in the winter of 1955. Williams slightly revised "Fanfare and Allegro" and entered it into this contest. "Fanfare and Allegro" won the inaugural "American Bandmasters Association's Ostwald Award for original band literature" in 1956. The first performance of the revised work, at the 1956 ABA convention, won rave reviews and the work moved rapidly to the forefront of serious wind literature. Williams won the award again in 1957 for "Symphonic Suite". Williams entered the competition for a third time in 1958 with an earlier work, his "Symphonic Essays" of 1953, but withdrew the work the day before the award winner was to be announced, feeling that winning a new competition a third consecutive time would discourage other equally worthy composers.
It was not revealed until several years later that "Symphonic Essays" was, in fact, set to be the winner of the 1958 ABA prize. The San Antonio Symphony commissioned Williams to compose a work for its 25th anniversary. He composed five symphonic dances of which he would later transcribe two of the dances for concert band. Francis McBeth, in 2000, reset the first dance for band but the parts remain in manuscript in the possession of Williams's daughter, Michele Williams Hanzlik.
Dances four and five also have been recast for band, and between 2007 and the present, a few performances of the entire work have occurred. The primary publishers of his wind music included Southern Music, Summy Birchard, Piedmont, C. L. Barnhouse, and University of Miami Music Publications. As of 2011, ten more of Williams' band compositions have been published by Maestro & Fox Music by arrangement with the estate of the composer. These never-before released works are: "Dramatic Variations, Sonata Allegro, Show Tune, Caprice Americana, Postwar Prelude, Louisiana Tech Band's March, Roll of Honor March, Hall of Fame March, Ballade," and "The Hero March."
More new publications are slated for 2012, some 36 years after the composer's death. The New Jersey City University's Symphony of Winds and Percussion will be re-premiering Williams' unpublished piece "Symphonic Essays" in the spring of 2013.
Williams considered "The Ramparts" to be his best work. It was commissioned for the United States Air Force Academy. It contains the hymn, "What Greater Thing", which became the unofficial Alma Mater and has been played at every USAFA commencement ceremony for the past 47 years. His wife Maxine wore a charm bracelet with six charms, each charm representing a significant band work. The charm for "The Ramparts" was the largest.
The following is a partial list of his band compositions. Works marked with an asterisk are unpublished; all others are published although some may have gone out of print over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="2924306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924306" title="Alois Hudal">
Alois Hudal

Alois Hudal (also known as Luigi Hudal; 31 May 1885 – 13 May 1963) was an Austrian titular bishop, based in Rome. For thirty years, he was the head of the Austrian-German congregation of Santa Maria dell'Anima in Rome and, until 1937, an influential representative of the Austrian Church. In his 1937 book, "The Foundations of National Socialism", Hudal praised Adolf Hitler and his policies and indirectly attacked Vatican policies. After World War II, Hudal helped establish the ratlines, which allowed prominent Nazi German and other European former Axis officers and political leaders, among them accused war criminals, to escape Allied trials and denazification.
Biography.
Education.
Alois Hudal was born on 31 May 1885, the son of a shoemaker in the Austrian city of Graz, where he studied theology from 1904 through 1908. He was ordained to the priesthood in July 1908. A professorship promised to him at the University of Vienna did not materialize.
Hudal became a noted specialist on the liturgy, doctrine and spirituality of the Slavic-speaking Eastern Orthodox Churches while a parish priest in Kindberg. In 1911, he earned a Doctor of Sacred Theology at the University of Graz. After completing his doctorate, he entered the Teutonic College of Santa Maria dell'Anima in Rome where he was a chaplain (1911–1913), attending courses in Old Testament at the Pontifical Biblical Institute. He took his Doctor of Sacred Scripture degree with a dissertation on "Die religioesen und sittlichen Ideen des Spruchbuches" ("The Religious and Moral Ideas of the Book of Proverbs"), published in 1914. He joined the faculty for Old Testament Studies at the University of Graz in 1914. During the First World War, he was a military chaplain. In 1917, he published a book of sermons to the soldiers, "Soldatenpredigten", in which he expressed the idea that "loyalty to the flag is loyalty to God", though also warning against "national chauvinism". In 1923, he was named rector of the Collegio Teutonico di Santa Maria dell'Anima (or simply "Anima") in Rome, a theological seminary for German and Austrian priests. In 1930, he was appointed a consultant to the Holy Office by Cardinal Rafael Merry del Val, whom Hudal considered a ""grand seigneur" of the Church".
Austria or Germany?
The Austrian Ambassador Ludwig von Pastor, introduced Hudal to Pope Pius XI in 1922, and recommended a publication by Hudal on the "Serbo-Croatian National Church" to the interested Pontiff. On 5 February 1923 he recommended Hudal for the position in the Anima, mainly because he was Austrian. Ambassador von Pastor was concerned that Austria, which had just lost World War I and with it much influence, would lose the Anima to a German, Dutch or Belgian candidate. The Pope agreed to name Hudal (in a private audience with Pastor on 24 February 1923). Hudal became "the Austrian front line" for Austria, the Austrian bishops' conference, and Austrian prestige in the Vatican, as German groups attempted to regain the Anima. Pope Pius XI supported Hudal, while simultaneously rejecting an Austrian request to subordinate German pastoral care to the Austrian Hudal. In 1924, Hudal, in a Vatican ceremony in the presence of Pope Pius XI, Cardinal Secretary of State Pietro Gasparri and numerous cardinals, delivered a commendatory address of Pastor, commemorating the 40th anniversary of Pastor's "History of the Popes From the Close of the Middle Ages". Thus Hudal was established within the Vatican as the leading Austrian Church representative, a position which he enjoyed until the publication of his controversial book on Nazism.
In June 1933, Hudal was ordained Titular Bishop of Aela by Eugenio Cardinal Pacelli, who had succeeded Merry del Val as the cardinal protector of the German national church at Rome. In April 1938, Hudal helped organise a vote of German and Austrian clerics at the German college of Santa Maria dell'Anima, over the question of the German annexation of Austria ("Anschluss"). The vote took place on the German heavy cruiser "Admiral Scheer", anchored in the Italian harbour of Gaeta. Contrary to the overall German result, these votes rejected the Anschluss with over 90%, an incident named the "Shame of Gaeta" at the time.
Winds of nationalism and conspiracies.
From 1933 on, Hudal publicly embraced the pan-Germanic nationalism he had previously condemned, proclaiming that he wished to be a "servant and herald" of "the total German cause". His invectives against Jews became more frequent, linking the so-called "Semitic race" - which allegedly "sought to set itself apart and dominate" - with the nefarious movements of democracy and internationalism and even denouncing an alleged Jewish bankers' conspiracy to become "the financial masters of the Eternal City". His opportunism and duplicity were patent in several moves he made at the time; for example, he wrote a preface to an Italian biography of Engelbert Dollfuss in 1935 without mentioning that the Austrian politician had been murdered by Austrian Nazis during a coup attempt in the previous year.
Bolshevism and Liberalism as enemies.
Hudal was a committed anti-Communist, and also opposed Liberalism. Before Nazism, he was already critical of Parliamentary Democracy. His ideas were similar to the political and economic ideas of the austro-fascist politicians Engelbert Dollfuss and Kurt Schuschnigg, Franz von Papen in Germany, Salazar in Portugal and, less clearly, of Benito Mussolini in Italy. According to an author, "Hudal squarely fitted into a formula current at the time, the category of Clerical-Fascism." Don Luigi Sturzo, the exiled Italian Catholic priest and Christian Democrat leader coined the term 'Clerical-Fascism' in the mid-20s to refer specifically to the faction of the Catholic party Italian People's Party (Partito Popolare Italiano-PPI) who chose to support Mussolini. It was used afterwards to describe various authoritarian situations and regimes supported by members of the hierarchy of the Catholic Church, including Dollfuss's politics and Austrofascism.
Hudal was most concerned with class conflict tearing apart European society, in particular the rise of the international Communist movement and worker parties in Austria. Fear of "Bolshevism" was his starting point, but this feeling turned into an aggressive political doctrine towards Russia: "Essential to understanding Hudal's politics is his fear that Bolshevist military forces would invade Italy through Eastern Europe or the Balkans and would be unstoppable until they destroyed the Church. Like many within the Church, he embraced the bulwark theory, which placed hope in a strong German-Austrian military shield to protect Rome. This protection involved a pre-emptive attack on godless Communism, Hudal believed, and so he felt an urgent need for a Christian army from Central Europe to invade Russia and eliminate the Bolshevist threat to Rome".
However, Communism was not his sole concern about Russia. He was concerned with Eastern Christianity as well. Hudal's long-term goals were "the reunification of Rome with the Eastern Orthodox Church and the conversion of the Balkans from the Serbian Orthodox Church to Catholicism". He expected that the invasion of the Soviet Union by European forces would serve these aims. Since Pope Benedict XV and the Russian Revolution of 1917, which crushed the Russian Orthodox Church and was regarded by Catholics as a historical opportunity to help Russian Christians with aid "and conversion", Rome was anxious about ending the thousand-year East-West Schism that separated Christianity.
"Good" and "bad" National Socialism.
Hudal is said to have received a Golden Nazi Party membership badge, but this is disputed. In 1937, in Vienna, Hudal published a book entitled "The Foundations of National Socialism", with an imprimatur from Archbishop Innitzer, which was an enthusiastic endorsement of Hitler. Hudal sent Hitler a copy with a handwritten dedication praising him as "the new Siegfried of Germany's greatness". Nevertheless, the book was not allowed to circulate in Germany by the Nazis — who generally heavily disliked the Roman Catholic Church and did not wish church officials to "clericalize" their ranks — though the book was not officially banned. During the Nuremberg trials, Franz von Papen declared that Hudal's book had "very much impressed" Hitler, whose "anti-Christian advisers" were allegedly to blame for not allowing a free German edition. "All I could obtain was permission to print 2,000 copies, which Hitler wanted to distribute among leading Party members for a study of the problem", Von Papen said.
Hudal was critical of the works of several Nazi ideologues, like Alfred Rosenberg or Ernst Bergmann, who despised Christianity and considered it "alien to Germanic genius". The condemnation by the Holy Office of Rosenberg's "The Myth of the Twentieth Century" in 1934 and, shortly thereafter, of Bergmann's "The German National Church" had been based on Hudal's assessment of both works In his own 1937 book, Hudal proposed a reconciliation and a pragmatic compromise between Nazism and Christianity, leaving the education of youth to the Churches, while the latter would leave politics entirely to National Socialism. This had been the line followed by German Catholic politician and former Reich Chancellor Franz von Papen. In the autumn of 1934, Hudal had personally explained this strategy to Pius XI: the "good" ought to be separated from the "bad" in Nazism. The bad - Rosenberg, Bergmann, Himmler and others - according to Hudal represented the "left wing" of the Nazi party. The "conservatives" - headed, he believed, by Hitler - should be directed toward Rome, Christianized and used against the Communists and the Eastern danger. Hitler's book, "Mein Kampf" was never put on the Index by Rome, as censors continually postponed and eventually terminated its examination, balking at taking on the chancellor of Germany.
By 1935, Hudal had become influential in creating a proposed list of "errors and heresies" of the "era", containing several racist errors of Nazi politicians, the Nuremberg laws, but also condemning several quotes directly taken from "Mein Kampf"; this list was accepted by Pope Pius XI as an adequate condemnation, but he wanted an encyclical rather than a mere syllabus. Three years later, in June 1938, the Pope ordered American Jesuit John La Farge to prepare an encyclical condemning antisemitism, racism and the persecution of Jews, which he did together with German Jesuit Gustav Gundlach and French Jesuit Gustave Desbuquois, resulting in Humani Generis Unitas which was on Pius XI's desk when he died, but was never promulgated by Pius XII.
Rosenberg's reaction to Hudal's ideas was violent, and the circulation of the "Foundations of National Socialism" was restricted in Germany. "We do not allow the fundaments of the Movement to be analyzed and criticized by a Roman Bishop", said Rosenberg. In 1935, even before he wrote the "Foundations of National Socialism" Hudal had said about Rosenberg: "If National Socialism wants to replace Christianity by the notions of race and blood, we will have to face the greatest heresy of the twentieth century. It must be rejected by the Church as decisively as, if not more severely than [...] the Action Française, with which it shares some errors. But Rosenberg's doctrine is more imbued with negation and creates, above all in the youth, a hatred against Christianity greater than that of Nietzsche".
Despite the restrictions imposed on his book, and despite National Socialist restrictions against German monasteries and parishes, and attempts by the Nazi government to forbid Catholic education at schools, going as far as banning the crucifix in schools and other public areas (the Oldenburg crucifix struggle of November 1936), and despite the Nazi dissolution and confiscation of Austrian monasteries and the official banning of Catholic newspapers and associations in Austria ("Ostmark"), Bishop Hudal remained close to some Nazi officials, as he was convinced that the Nazi new order would nevertheless prevail in Europe due to its "force". Hudal was particularly close to Franz von Papen, who as the Reich's ambassador in Vienna prepared the German-Austrian agreement of 11 July 1936, which some claim paved the way for the Anschluss. This agreement was backed by Hudal in the Austrian press, against the position of several Austrian Bishops. The former Centre politician von Papen, who was considered dangerous and disliked by the Nazis for his Catholicism, was later sent to the German Embassy in Ankara.
Vatican reaction.
When, in 1937, Hudal published his book on the foundations of National Socialism Church authorities were upset because of his deviation from Church policy and teachings. Hudal, without mentioning names, had openly questioned the Vatican policy of Pope Pius XI and Eugenio Pacelli towards National Socialism, which culminated in the encyclical Mit brennender Sorge, in which the Vatican openly attacked National Socialism. The 1937 Hudal book froze his steady rise in Rome and resulted in his leaving the city after the war. His publication like his two previous, "Rom, Christentum und deutsches Volk" (1935) and "Deutsches Volk und christliches Abendland (1935)" did not have an Imprimatur or ecclasiastical approval, which was another reason for the cooling of relations with the Vatican. Hudal had proposed a Faustian bargain between Church and Nazis, a "truly Christian National Socialism": Education and Church affairs remain in the hands of the Church, which in turn recognizes the complete separation of politics to be exclusively National Socialist. The Nazis had no intentions of giving up education to the Church. Together - according to Hudal - Church and state in Germany would fight against Communism. Hudal sees a direct link between Jews and Marxism and laments their alleged dominance in academic occupations Hudal supports discriminatory segregation legislation against Jews in order to protect a people against foreign influences
Break with the Vatican.
Hudal, previously a popular and influential guest in the Vatican, lived from 1938 on in isolation in the Anima College. This position he was forced to resign in 1952. Hudal's 1933 promotion to Bishop has been cited as evidence that he had close ties to members of the Roman Curia, particularly Cardinal Merry del Val (who died in 1930), and Cardinal Secretary of State Eugenio Pacelli, the future Pius XII, who had been Papal Nuncio in Germany. His close relationship with Pacelli and Pius XI stopped immediately after the publication of his book in 1937, which was seen as contradicting Mit brennender Sorge and the 1933 Reichskonkordat.
Hudal during World War II.
His exile within Rome continued during the years of World War II. Bishop Hudal continued as pastoral head of the Anima Church and College but had no position in the Vatican and no access to Pope Pius XII or his senior staff. The French Jesuit historian, Fr. Pierre Blet, co-editor of "Acts and Documents", mentioned Hudal only once, stating that the pope's nephew Carlo Pacelli saw Hudal and after this meeting, Hudal wrote to the military governor of Rome, General Stahel, and urged him to suspend all actions against Jews. The Germans suspended the actions "out of the consideration for the special character of Rome". According to another author, however, the idea of Hudal's intervention came from the German ambassador himself, who asked the rector of the Anima to sign a letter to the military commander of Rome, General Reiner Stahel, requesting that the arrests be halted, otherwise the pope would take a position in public against the arrests and the German occupiers. Ambassador Weizsäcker argued that he chose this ruse because Hitler might have reacted against the Vatican and the Pope if it had been the German embassy conveying the warning, instead of the Nazi friendly bishop.
During the war Hudal sheltered victims of the national-socialist system in the buildings of Santa Maria dell'Anima, which were used as safe-houses by the resistance. Brigadier general John Burns, a New Zealander, gave a description of it when recalling his escape from an Italian POW-camp in 1944.
According to several sources, Hudal may have been a Vatican-based informer to German intelligence under the Nazi regime, either the Abwehr of Wilhelm Canaris or the RSHA. Vatican historian Fr. Robert Graham SJ held that view more in his book "Nothing Sacred". Several other authors mention his contacts in Rome with SS intelligence chief Walter Rauff. In September 1943, Rauff was sent to Milan, where he took charge of all Gestapo and SD operations throughout northwest Italy. eventually finding safe haven in Syria, Egypt and later in Chile.
Ratline organizer.
After 1945, Hudal continued to be isolated from the Vatican. In his native Austria, his pro-Nazi book was now openly discussed and critiqued. In 1945, Allied-occupied Austria forced Hudal to give up his Graz Professorship, however Hudal appealed on a technicality and regained it two years later.
After 1945, Hudal gained notoriety by working on the Rat-line, helping former Nazis but also Croatian families to find safe haven in overseas countries. He viewed it as "a charity to people in dire need, for persons without any guilt who are to be made scapegoats for the failures of an evil system". He used the services of the Austrian Office in Rome, which had the necessary cards ("Carta di riconoscimento"), for migration mainly to Arab and South American countries.
It is unclear whether he was an official appointee of the Papal refugee organization or whether he acted as de facto head of the Catholic Austrian community in Rome. He is credited with helping, networking and organising the escape of war criminals such as Franz Stangl, commanding officer of Treblinka. Stangl himself told Gitta Sereny that he went looking for Hudal in Rome, because he had heard that the bishop was helping all Germans. Hudal arranged quarters in Rome for him until his "Carta di riconoscimento" came through, then gave him money and a visa to Syria. Stangl left for Damascus, where the bishop found him a job in a textile factory.
Other prominent Nazi war criminals allegedly helped by the Hudal network were SS Captain Eduard Roschmann, known as the "Butcher of Riga", Josef Mengele, the "Angel of Death" at Auschwitz, Gustav Wagner, commanding officer of Sobibor, Alois Brunner, organizer of deportations from France and Slovakia to German concentration camps, and Adolf Eichmann, the man in charge of running the murder of European Jewry. In 1994 Erich Priebke, a former SS Captain, told Italian journalist Emanuela Audisio, "La Repubblica", that Bishop Hudal helped him reach Buenos Aires, verified by church historian Robert Graham SJ.
In 1945, Hudal gave refuge to Otto Wächter. From 1939 on, as governor of the Cracow district, Wächter organized the persecution of the Jews and ordered the establishment of the Cracow Ghetto in 1941. Wächter is mentioned as one of the leading advocates in the General Government who were in favor of the Jewish extermination by gassing and as a member of the SS team who under Himmler's supervision and Odilo Globocnik's direction planned Operation Reinhard, the first phase of the Final Solution, leading to the death of more than 2,000,000 Polish Jews. After the war Wächter lived in a Roman monastery "as a monk",under the protection of Bishop Hudal. He died on 14 July 1949 in the Roman hospital of Santo Spirito "in the arms" of Bishop Hudal.
Whether Hudal worked as "Austrian Church Representative" or was one of twenty appointees in the POA is not known. Such an appointment would be viewed not as elevation but as a humiliation, since Bishop Hudal would have been taking orders from ordinary priests and lower level Monsignors in the POA after 1945. The Vatican, which was involved in helping over twelve million refugees and expellees in post-war Europe, was less concerned with the political views of each individual in the effort to save millions of people from possible starvation and death. The ratline was possible in the context of the size of this task and the resulting general confusion. Some historians take the view that Hudal was only a minor official whose ratline activities did not reflect Vatican policy. In particular, Catholic historians like Robert A. Graham (1913–1997) - an American Jesuit and a longtime Vatican operative who was co-editor of the 11-volume "Acts and Documents of the Holy See relative to the Second World War" - estimated Hudal as a "small fish" and as someone who was acting on his own behalf and due to his personal convictions.
While his official status was minor, Hudal clearly played a role in the rat line. In 1999, Italian researcher Matteo Sanfilippo revealed a letter drafted on 31 August 1948 by Bishop Hudal to Argentinian President Juan Perón, requesting 5,000 visas, 3,000 for German and 2,000 for Austrian "soldiers". In the letter, Hudal explained that these were not (Nazi) refugees, but anti-Communist fighters "whose wartime sacrifice" had saved Europe from Soviet domination. According to Argentine researcher Uki Goñi, the documents he uncovered in 2003 show the Roman Catholic Church was also deeply involved in the secret network. "The Perón government authorized the arrival of the first Nazi collaborators Argentina, as a result of a meeting in March 1946 between Antonio Caggiano, a elevated Argentine cardinal, and Eugène Tisserant, a French cardinal attached to the Vatican".
After the war, Hudal was one of the main Catholic organizers of the ratline nets, along with Monsignor Karlo Petranovic, an Ustasha war criminal who fled to Austria and then to Italy after 1945, Father Edward Dömöter, the Franciscan of Hungarian origin who forged the identity of Eichmann's passport, issued by the Red Cross in the name of Riccardo Klement, and Father Krunoslav Draganović, a Croatian professor of Theology.
Draganović, a smuggler of fascist (ustasha) war criminals who had also been involved in pro-Fascist espionage, was recycled by the U.S. during the Cold War - his name appears in the Pentagon payrolls in the late 1950s and early 1960s - and was eventually granted immunity in Tito's Yugoslavia, where he died in 1983 at 79. Monsignor Karl Bayer, the Rome Director of Caritas International after the war, also cooperated with this ring. Interviewed in the 70s by Gitta Sereny, Monsignor Bayer recalled how he and Hudal had helped Nazis to South America with the Vatican's support: "The Pope XII did provide money for this; in driblets sometimes, but it did come". Hudal's ratline was also supposedly financed by his friend Walter Rauff, with some funds allegedly coming from Giuseppe Siri, the recently appointed Auxiliary Bishop (1944) and Archbishop (1946) of Genoa. Siri however was "a hero of the Resistance movement in Italy" during the German occupation of northern Italy. Siri's involvement remains unproven.
According to Uki Goñi, "some of the financing for Hudal's escape network came from the United States", precising that the Italian delegate of the American National Catholic Welfare Conference provided Hudal "with substantial funds for his 'humanitarian' aid".
Furthermore, since the works of Graham and Blet were published, historian Michael Phayer, a professor at Marquette University (a Catholic, Jesuit University), has alleged the close collaboration between the Vatican (Pope Pius XII and Giovanni Battista Montini, then "Substitute" of the Secretariat of State, and later Paul VI), on the one side and Draganović and Hudal on the other, and has claimed that Pius XII himself was directly engaged in ratline activity. Against these allegations of the direct involvement of Pope Pius XII and his staff, there are some opposing testimonies and the denial by Vatican officials of any involvement of Pius XII himself. But according to Michael Phayer, the American Bishop Aloisius Muench, Pius XII's own envoy to occupied western Germany after the war, "wrote to the Vatican warning the pope to desist from his efforts to have convicted war criminals excused". The letter, written in Italian, is extant in the archives of the Catholic University of America.
In his posthumously published memoirs, Hudal instead recalls with bitterness the lack of support he found from the Holy See to give to Nazi Germany's battle against "godless Bolshevism" at the Eastern Front. Hudal several times in this work claims to have received criticism of the Nazi system rather than support for it from the Vatican diplomats under Pius XII. He assumed that the Holy See's policy during and after the war was entirely controlled by the western Allies. Until his death Hudal was convinced he had done the right thing, and said that he considered saving German and other fascist officers and politicians from the hands of Allied prosecution, a "just thing" and "what should have been expected of a true Christian", adding: "We do not believe in the eye for an eye of the Jew".
Hudal said that the justice of the Allies and the Soviets had resulted in show trials and lynchings, including the major trials at Nuremberg. In his memoirs he also developed a curious theory about the economic causes of World War II, which allowed him to plainly justify for himself his acts in favour of Nazi and Fascist war criminals: 
Resignation and death.
Hudal's activities caused a press scandal in 1947, after he was accused of leading a Nazi smuggling ring by the "Passauer Neue Presse", a Catholic newspaper, but, as in 1923, playing the Austrian versus the Vatican and German cards, he only resigned as rector of Santa Maria dell'Anima in 1952, under joint pressure from the German and Austrian bishops and the Holy See. In January 1952, the Bishop of Salzburg told Hudal that the Holy See wanted to dismiss him. In June Hudal announced to the cardinal protector of Santa Maria dell'Anima that he had decided to leave the College, though disapproving of the Church allegedly being governed by the Allies. He resided afterwards in Grottaferrata, near the city of Rome, where in 1962 he wrote his embittered memoirs called "Römische Tagebücher. Lebensbeichte eines alten Bischofs" (Diaries of Rome. The Confession of Life of an Old Bishop), published posthumously in 1976.
Until his death in 1963, he never gave up in trying to obtain an amnesty for Nazis. Despite his protests against anti-Semitism in the 1930s, in his memoirs, with full knowledge of the Holocaust as of 1962, the "Brown Bishop" said of his actions in favour of war criminals and genocide perpetrators and participants: "I thank God that He opened my eyes and allowed me to visit and comfort many victims in their prisons and concentration camps and help them escape with false identity papers" — where these so-called "victims" were in fact Axis prisoners of war and their "concentration camps" Allied detention camps.
After he was banned from Rome by the Vatican of Pope Pius, he withdrew to his sumptuous residence in Grottaferrata near Rome, embittered towards Pope Pius XII. However, not only the Vatican, but also the Austrian public were upset with Hudal especially at his last trip to Austria in 1961. He died in 1963. His diaries were published in Austria thirteen years after his death and describe perceived Vatican injustices he experienced under Pope Pius XI and Pius XII after the publication of his book. He maintains the opinion that a Faustian bargain between socialism, nationalism and Christianity is the way of the future.

</doc>
<doc id="2924315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924315" title="String band">
String band

A string band is an old-time music or jazz ensemble made up mainly or solely of string instruments. String bands were popular in the 1920s and 1930s, and are among the forerunners of modern country music and bluegrass.
String bands in old-time music.
During the 19th and early 20th centuries, other stringed instruments began to be added to the fiddle-banjo duo that was essential to dance music of the early 19th century United States. These other instruments included the guitar, mandolin, and double bass (or washtub bass), which provided chordal and bass line accompaniment (or occasionally melody also). Such an assemblage, of whatever instrumentation, became known simply as a "string band."
In the 1870s African-American dance houses of Cincinnati had musicians who played violin, banjo, and bass fiddle. East of the Mississippi, the genre gave way to country music in the 1930s and bluegrass music in the 1940s. During the same period, west of the Mississippi, Western musicians retained the acoustic style of the bands while the big Western dance bands amplified their strings.
String bands in jazz.
Artists began to combine and record string-band music in collaboration with other popular styles in the 1920s. Lonnie Johnson and his brother, James “Steady Roll” Johnson were both proficient at banjo, guitar, and violin, and recorded with various string bands in a blues style. Lonnie Johnson also recorded duets with Eddie Lang during the late 1920s, and set the precedent for string band jazz, which included "Bull Frog Moan/A Handful of Riffs" from 1929. As influential as the Johnson/Lang duets were those by Lang and Joe Venuti. These works, completed in 1926, emphasized the rhythm of a chordal guitar with the melody in the swung violin line.
Red McKenzie, who also recorded with Lang, recorded with an influential string band group during the 1930s, the Spirits of Rhythm. The group consisted of tiple, guitar, homemade percussion, double bass, and often involved scat singing. The particular form of scat that was eventually associated with string band music was based on Harlem slang, and can be heard in McKenzie’s recording "My Old Man", from 1933. Another string band from the 1930s, Slim and Slam, continued this particular form of scat in their recording "The Flat Foot Floogie".

</doc>
<doc id="2924331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924331" title="Loose Balls">
Loose Balls

Loose Balls: The Short Wild Life of the American Basketball Association is a sports book originally published in 1990 by Simon and Schuster. The book, a history of the original American Basketball Association, was written by sportswriter Terry Pluto, although much of his writing is limited to introductions and summaries of each season. Most of the dialogue is from former players, league executives, and journalists, among others.
The Cast.
Almost the entire book is told by former players, executives, and journalists, all of whom are listed at the beginning as the "Cast of Characters". Some of those interviewed include:
In the book, the writing is set so that a topic is introduced by Pluto, and then one of the "cast members'" name is highlighted, followed by their memories on the subject. The book covers the entire history of the ABA, from the league's founding in 1967 through the ABA-NBA merger in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="2924334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924334" title="Long Tân, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu">
Long Tân, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu

Long Tân is a commune (xã) and village in Đất Đỏ District, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province, Vietnam, at . When it was part of South Vietnam, it was in Phước Tuy Province.
It is renowned for its rubber plantations, and hosts a very small population of roughly 1,200 people.
The village, along with nearby Long Phước, Bà Rịa-Vũng Tàu, was cleared to make an exclusion zone around the Nui Dat Australian base near Bà Rịa. The destruction of the two villages formed part of the background for the Battle of Long Tan on 18 August 1966, where a much smaller Australian unit recorded a decisive victory over the Vietnamese communist force.
History.
The southern tip of Vietnam was colonised by Vietnam late after battles with Champa. Like many villages in the southern tip of Vietnam the village's official Confucian name contains the word "New" Tân (隆新).
Battle.
During this battle, 2,500 Việt Cộng and North Vietnamese attacked 108 Australian troops. It is unclear how many Vietnamese were killed but records suggest 240-1,000 Vietnamese were killed, while Australian forces lost 18 in comparison.
The newly arrived 1st Australian Task Force established its Phước Tuy operations base in 1966 at Núi Đất, a piece of high ground surrounded by rubber plantations. The Viet Cong had achieved dominion in the province and decided to inflict a politically unacceptable defeat on the Australians. Their plan was to lure the Australians from their base by firing recoilless rifle and mortar shells into it. They theorised that the Australians would sweep the area around the base in an attempt to stop the attacks, and the Viet Cong would ambush the sweeping forces.
On the night of 16/17 August 1966, the Viet Cong fired a barrage of shells into Núi Đất, wounding 24 Australians. Prior to this event, the Australians had become aware, from radio intercepts and sightings, that a large enemy force was operating close to the base. Australian patrols sent out specifically to find the Viet Cong had not encountered the force.
On 18 August 1966 D Company of 6RAR was patrolling in the area of the Long Tân rubber plantation when, at about 3.15pm, the lead platoon (11 Platoon, commanded by 2Lt Gordon Sharp, a national serviceman) encountered a small group of Viet Cong who fled leaving one of their number killed by the Australians. The aggressive patrolling continued until, at about 4.08pm, the main body of the Viet Cong 275 Regiment was encountered. The Viet Cong attacked vigorously with mortars, rifle and machine gun fire.
In pouring rain, the Australians returned fire with platoon weapons and artillery which was firing from the Núi Đất base, some five kilometres to the west. Close air support was also called for but couldn't be used because the target was unable to be identified accurately in the conditions.
At 5pm D Company's commander, Major Harry Smith, radioed for ammunition resupply. Two RAAF Iroquois helicopters which happened to be at Nui Dat to transport a concert party were tasked and flew at tree top level into the battle area where they successfully delivered the sorely needed boxes of ammunition.
The combination of aggressive fire from D Company soldiers plus devastating artillery fire from Núi Đất had swung the battle in the Australians' favour but the Viet Cong continued to manoeuvre to gain the upper hand. Meanwhile, A Company of 6RAR had been ordered to move to the support of the beleaguered D Company.
They did so mounted in armoured personnel carriers from 1st APC Squadron which forded a flooded stream and then shortly afterward encountered a substantial enemy force. 2 Platoon of A Company dismounted and advanced on the enemy who fled.
Although the Viet Cong could still be seen massing in failing light at 6.55pm as the relief force arrived in the D Company area, the enemy force melted away as darkness descended. The battle of Long Tân was over.
The Australians consolidated their position for the night and then commenced evacuation of their wounded using the lights from APCs to guide in helicopters. During the night the Viet Cong cleared many of their wounded and dead from the battle field. A number of the wounded Australians lay there all through the long terrifying night, as the Viet Cong moved around them.
Morning revealed that the Viet Cong force, estimated at 2,500, had been badly mauled. 245 Viet Cong bodies were found in the battle area. It was apparent that the Viet Cong commanders had failed to appreciate the effectiveness of artillery fire and had paid dearly as a result.
The Australians had lost 18 killed, 17 from D Company (including the young platoon commander of 11 platoon) and one from 1st APC Squadron, and 24 wounded

</doc>
<doc id="2924346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924346" title="Cinnoline">
Cinnoline

Cinnoline is an aromatic heterocyclic compound with the formula C8H6N2. It is isomeric with other naphthyridines including quinoxaline, phthalazine and quinazoline.
Properties.
The free base can be obtained as an oil by treatment of the hydrochloride with base. It co-crystallizes with one molecule of ether as white silky needles, (m.p. 24–25 °C) upon cooling ethereal solutions. The free base melts at 39 °C. It has a taste resembling that of chloral hydrate and leaves a sharp irritation for some time. Cinnoline derivatives are obtained from oxycinnoline carboxylic acid, which is formed by digesting orthophenyl propiolic acid diazo chloride with water. Oxycinnoline carboxylic acid on heating gives oxycinnoline, melting at 225 °C, which with phosphorus pentachloride gives chlorcinnoline. This substance is reduced by iron filings and sulfuric acid to dihydrocinnoline.
Discovery and synthesis.
The compound was first obtained in impure form by cyclization of the alkyne "o"-C6H4(NH2)C≡CCO2H in water to give 4-hydroxycinnoline-3-carboxylic acid. This material could be decarboxylated and the hydroxyl group reductively removed to give the parent heterocycle. This reaction is called the Richter cinnoline synthesis Improved methods exist for its synthesis. It can be prepared by dehydrogenation of dihydrocinnoline with freshly precipitated mercuric oxide. It can be isolated as the hydrochloride.
Cinnolines are cinnoline derivatives. A classic organic reaction for synthesizing cinnolines is the Widman–Stoermer synthesis, a ring-closing reaction of an α-vinyl- aniline with hydrochloric acid and sodium nitrite:
The sodium nitrite is first converted to nitrous acid which then forms the electrophilic intermediate dinitrogen trioxide. The next intermediate is the stable nitrosamine with goes on to lose water forming the diazonium salt which then reacts with the vinyl group in the ring-closing step. A conceptually related reaction is the Bamberger triazine synthesis towards triazines. 
Another cinnoline method is the Borsche cinnoline synthesis.
Safety.
Cinnoline is toxic.

</doc>
<doc id="2924349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924349" title="Overseas Press Club">
Overseas Press Club

The Overseas Press Club of America (OPC) was founded in 1939 in New York City by a group of foreign correspondents. The wire service reporter Carol Weld was a founding member. The club seeks to maintain an international association of journalists working in the United States and abroad, to encourage the highest standards of professional integrity and skill in the reporting of news, to help educate a new generation of journalists, to contribute to the freedom and independence of journalists and the press throughout the world, and to work toward better communication and understanding among people. The organization has approximately 500 members who are media industry leaders.
Every April, the OPC holds a dinner to award excellence in journalism for the previous year. 
The awards are juried by industry peers. The organization also has a foundation that distributes scholarships to college students who want to begin a career as a foreign correspondent. Many scholarship winners secure international assignments at some of the most prestigious news outlets in the world.
In April 2008, the OPC relaunched its website to include community features for members like forums, commenting, page sharing through email/print/download and RSVP and bill pay functions.

</doc>
<doc id="2924362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924362" title="List of That's So Raven episodes">
List of That's So Raven episodes

The following is an episode list of the American television sitcom "That's So Raven". The series aired on Disney Channel from January 17, 2003 to November 10, 2007, with 100 episodes produced spanning 4 seasons.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="2924368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924368" title="Political football">
Political football

A political football is a topic or issue that is seized on by opposing political parties or factions, and made a more political issue than it might initially seem to be. "To make a political football" of something is defined in William Safire's "Safire's Political Dictionary" as "To thrust a social, national security, or otherwise ostensibly non-political matter into partisan politics". In 1953 the gangster Lucky Luciano complained in an interview to Safire that "I been a political football". 
A less-used meaning, is a political issue that is continually debated but left unresolved. The term is often used during a political election campaign to highlight issues that have not been completely addressed, such as the natural environment and abortion.
History.
The Oxford English Dictionary has English examples of the use of "football" (the ball not the game) in a figurative sense for something helplessly tossed around by others as early as the 16th century, for example from about 1600 "I am the verye foote-ball of the starres". The phrase is used by the "Bangor, Maine Bangor Whig and Courier" in 1857. The American cartoon illustrated, from the time of President Harrison in 1889, shows a clear visual illustration of the metaphor, without using the actual phrase. It is now equally popular in other English-speaking countries, where the association is naturally with Association football ("soccer") or whatever the predominant local form of football is.
Other football metaphors in American politics.
Many other American football terms are in common use in the United States. Once a topic or issue has presented itself, the opposition will take the issue and ""run with it"" and ""try to score points"". There may be many parties in opposition to take up the topic, and sometimes run it into the ground, which at times can "backfire" and end up hurting the opposing faction. This can happen to the point of that party being seen as ""fumbling"" the issue. When a party or candidate ends up ignoring or putting off the issue, they are said to be ""punting"" it. In addition to the opponents of the politician or party using the subject as political fuel, the media may also ""run with it"". Sometimes these matters become larger, like during an election, than anyone would have thought possible during the event itself.
Other countries also use metaphors drawn from their local game in discussing politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2924379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924379" title="Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin">
Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin

Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin (10 July 1922 – 8 March 2013) was a German publisher and convenor of the Munich Conference on Security Policy until 1998. A member of the von Kleist family, his parents were active in the German resistance against Adolf Hitler. Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin, a German Army officer in World War II, was designated to kill Hitler in a suicide attack and was the last surviving member of the 20 July 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler.
Biography.
Early life.
Kleist was born on the family's manor Gut Schmenzin at Schmenzin (Smęcino) near Köslin (now Koszalin, Poland) in Pomerania. The family were firm monarchists and his father Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin (1890–1945) had been an active opponent of Nazism well before the Second World War broke out. The young Ewald grew up in this milieu.
Like his father, who had criticised Nazi ideology in print as early as 1929, Ewald-Heinrich loathed Hitler and National Socialism from the beginning. The Nazi murders of 30 June 1934 — the "Night of the Long Knives" — further intensified young von Kleist-Schmenzin's hatred of the Nazi régime.
World War II.
In 1940, aged 18, he joined the Wehrmacht as an infantry officer. Kleist was personally recruited for the resistance by Claus Graf Schenk von Stauffenberg. In January 1944, with his father's blessing, he volunteered to replace the wounded Axel Freiherr von dem Bussche-Streithorst in another suicidal assassination attempt on Hitler.
Kleist, the company leader, and his men were scheduled to show Hitler new uniforms that had been tested at the front. Kleist planned to set off explosives hidden in his briefcase. He believed that he might have been able to escape alive, even if the briefcase exploded in his hands. But like earlier attempts, the plan was not carried out, as Hitler kept putting off the scheduled uniform demonstration.
20 July 1944.
Kleist, at 22, was the youngest of the many supporters and helpers at the Bendlerblock in Berlin who carried out an attempt on Hitler's life at the Wolf's Lair near Rastenburg in East Prussia on 20 July 1944. He was in the group that was to stage the coup in Berlin, had the assassination been successful. After the plot's failure, he managed to cover up his resistance activities and proceedings against him were dropped in December 1944 for want of evidence. He was, thereby, spared a trial before the "Volksgerichtshof", which would almost certainly have ended with a death sentence, as it did for many of his fellow plotters, including his own father. However, he was imprisoned at the Ravensbrück concentration camp, and subsequently sent to the front, where he remained until the war ended.
The post-war years.
After the war he was left homeless when most of Pomerania was transferred to Poland and all Germans expelled. Kleist went into the publishing business and founded his own publishing house, the Ewald-von-Kleist-Verlag which became a leading German publishing house. He joined the Protestant Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg), to which his executed father had belonged, and was admitted as a Knight of Honour in 1957 and promoted to Knight of Justice in 1975. 
In 1962, Kleist founded the "Wehrkundetagung" in Munich, the predecessor of the modern Munich Conference on Security Policy. He was the convenor of this conference until he retired in 1998. This forum was an important event during the Cold War years and is today a forum for diplomats, politicians and defence personnel from around the world to debate international security issues. In recognition of his services to strengthening transatlantic ties, Kleist was awarded the US Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service in 1991. When he retired from his role at the Munich conference in 1998, eight NATO Defence ministers attended the event to salute him.
Although Kleist remained active in German public life after the war and expressed his views openly on a variety of subjects including the German armed forces and unilateral nuclear disarmament, which he criticised, he never spoke publicly about the failed 20 July 1944 plot.
Death.
Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist died at his home in Munich on 8 March 2013. He was 90.
Portrayal in the media.
In the 2004 German production, "Stauffenberg", von Kleist-Schmenzin is portrayed by actor Sebastian Rüger.

</doc>
<doc id="2924390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924390" title="Mutt Mitt">
Mutt Mitt

Mutt Mitt is a degradable plastic mitt used to pick up waste from pets, especially dogs for over 20 years. Mutt Mitt dispensers can be found in parks, apartment complexes, and condominiums throughout the U.S.
About.
Mutt mitt plastic mitts have a 2-ply construction and a bottom pouch. With its unique construction, there is no way to get waste on the users hands. They are also puncture resistant and by tuning the mitt inside out, again there will be no mess. After the task of picking up the waste is finished, the mitt can simply be thrown away. Mutt Mitts are 100% degradable.
Mutt Mitts now come in single use for the non-commercial customers. These new Mutt Mitts come in packages of 300 and 500.

</doc>
<doc id="2924399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924399" title="Bucherer carbazole synthesis">
Bucherer carbazole synthesis

The Bucherer carbazole synthesis is a chemical reaction used to synthesize carbazoles from naphthols and aryl hydrazines using sodium bisulfite. The reaction is named after Hans Theodor Bucherer.

</doc>
<doc id="2924401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924401" title="Drug (disambiguation)">
Drug (disambiguation)

A drug is any chemical substance other than a food or device that affects the function of living things. Drugs can be used to treat illness, relieve a symptom or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.
Drug(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924413" title="Kodak DCS 100">
Kodak DCS 100

The Kodak Professional Digital Camera System or DCS, later unofficially named DCS 100, was the first commercially available digital single-lens reflex (DSLR) camera. It was a customized camera back bearing the digital image sensor, mounted on a Nikon F3 body and released by Kodak in May 1991; the company had previously shown the camera at Photokina in 1990. Aimed at the photo journalism market in order to improve the speed with which photographs could be transmitted back to the studio or newsroom, the DCS had a resolution of 1.3 megapixels. The DCS 100 was publicly presented for the first time in Arles (France), at the Journées de l'Image Pro by Mr Ray H. DeMoulin, the worldwide President of the Eastman Kodak Company. 453 international journalists attended this presentation, which took place in the Palais des Congres of Arles.
The predecessor to the commercial Digital Still Camera (DCS) was prototyped in the spring of 1987 at Kodak Research Labs. A 1.3 megapixel imager had been produced by Kodak’s Microelectronics Technology Division and the logical next step was to build a high resolution digital imaging system around it. The DCS prototype was developed for trials by the Associated Press. Kodak researchers chose the Nikon F3HP SLR because it was the most widely used professional camera at the time.
A number of key problems had to be solved: 
How to accurately position the image sensor in the camera’s film plane? How to synchronize the camera’s mechanical shutter exposure period and the image sensor’s electronic integration period? Which lenses would provide sharp images without aliasing artifacts? What feedback could be provided to assist the photographer with getting the right exposure? Many scenes had higher dynamic range than the imager. How were digital images to be stored? Where was sufficient power to be sourced?
Fortunately, the F3HP had motor drive contacts that provided signals sufficient for electronic synchronization. A set of potential lenses underwent MTF testing and best matched lenses were selected. The battery power and a hard drive were integrated into a tethered remote system to be worn on the shoulder while the photographer worked. The A/D converter output was processed to generate an exposure histogram for the photographer. Finally, since the 1.3MP imager was smaller than the full 35mm film frame, colored templates were added to the viewfinder to indicate the area the imager would capture.
The prototype system was tested extensively in 1987 and 1988 by AP photographers and in studies comparing its performance to film systems. There was enough enthusiasm for the system to undertake a commercial version. An early version was shown at Photokina in 1990 and the product was launched in May 1991.
The DCS 100 retained many of the characteristics of the prototype, including a separate shoulder carried Digital Storage Unit (DSU) to store and to visualize the images, and to house the batteries. The DSU contained a 200 megabyte hard disk drive that could store up to 156 images without compression, or up to 600 images using a JPEG compatible compression board that was offered later as an optional extra. An external keyboard allowed entry of captions and other image information.
The Kodak Professional Digital Camera System was available with two different digital format backs. The DC3 color back used a custom color filter array layout. The DM3 monochrome back had no color filter array. A few DM3 backs were manufactured without IR filters.
Internally, It has a 3.5" SCSI hard drive. It connects to a computer via an external SCSI interface. It appears as a non-disk SCSI device, and can be accessed by a TWAIN-based plugin for Photoshop 3.
There were many models of the DCS 100 with different buffers, monochrome, color, transmission versions with keyboard and modem.
The system was marketed at a retail price of $20000. A total of 987 units were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="2924418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924418" title="Smokers v Non-Smokers">
Smokers v Non-Smokers

Two first-class cricket matches billed as "Smokers v Non-Smokers" were played during the 1880s. Featuring players from Australia and England, each match occurred during a tour of one of those countries by the other's national team. The first match was won by the Non-Smokers, while in the second, which was drawn, the Non-Smokers scored a then-record 803 runs in the first innings.
The first match was played at the end of the Australian tour of England in 1884, and was held at Lord's in aid of the Cricketers' Fund Friendly Society. Eight of the tourists took part; four on each side. The Non-Smokers batted first, and then forced their opponents to follow on, aided by a strong batting performance from George Bonnor. The Smokers, batting twice, only finished thirteen runs ahead, a total which was chased down without the need for the scheduled third day of the contest.
In the second match, held in Australia two and a half years later, the contest once again featured a combination of Australian and English players. Aided by a Arthur Shrewsbury double century, the Non-Smokers set a new record for the highest innings in first-class cricket, accumulating 803 runs. As in the original match, the Smokers had to follow on, and when the match finished as a draw they were still almost 500 runs behind.
First match, 1884.
The Australia national cricket team toured England in 1884, playing an itinerary of 32 matches, including three designated as Tests. At the end of the tour, an additional fixture was arranged by V. E. Walker, who went on to become president of both the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and Middlesex County Cricket Club. The match, which was described in "The South Australian Advertiser" as being "novel and interesting", combined Australian and English players into two teams; those who smoked and those who did not. The match was played to raise money for the Cricketers' Fund Friendly Society, in which it was considered very successful, raising in excess of £561. Walker also wanted the British public to have an opportunity to see members of the Australian touring party play against each other, to which end Alick Bannerman, George Bonnor, Billy Murdoch and Tup Scott represented the Non-Smokers, while George Giffen, Percy McDonnell, Eugene Palmer and Frederick Spofforth played for the Smokers. The reporter from "The South Australian Advertiser" judged that the Smokers had the stronger batsmen, while the Non-Smokers had the better bowlers.
Lord Harris captained the Smokers, and called the toss wrong; the captain of the Non-Smokers, W. G. Grace, opted for his side to bat first. The Smokers team amused the crowd by walking out to field smoking cigarettes. The first three wickets fell for the addition of 38 runs; Grace scored 10, Murdoch got 4 and Bannerman had 22, bringing together Bonnor and Dick Barlow. The pair added 152 runs together, with the Lancashire professional Barlow playing a supporting role to the Australian Bonnor. The latter scored 124 runs, and according to "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack", he batted against Spofforth "with such astonishing freedom." Bonnor hit a six and 16 fours during his innings, which was the only score over 50 in the match. Barlow continued to bat carefully, but was eventually dismissed for 39 by the left-arm spinner Edmund Peate, who claimed six of the final seven wickets to finish with figures of six for 30, and end the Non-Smokers innings on 250.
The Smokers began their innings late on the first day. By that stage, the pitch had deteriorated and light was poor, making batting more difficult. By the end of the day's play forty minutes later, they had lost four wickets and only scored 25 runs. They fared better the following morning, but only three batsmen reached double figures—Billy Gunn, 18, Monty Bowden, 29, and Charles Clarke, 20 not out—as they were bowled out for 111 just before the lunch break. W. G. Grace was the pick of the bowlers, taking five wickets for 29 runs. A first-innings deficit of 139 runs meant that the Smokers were forced to follow on.
Beginning their second innings after lunch, there was a little improvement for the Smokers, though six of the team were dismissed without reaching double figures. Gunn top-scored for his side, remaining 43 not out at the end of the innings, while Charles Thornton and George Giffen both scored quickly, making 27 and 15 respectively. Despite these scores, the Smokers only reached 152, leaving the Non-Smokers needing 14 runs to win the match. Grace collected three further wickets in this second innings, but he was bettered by Barlow, who took five for 24. Although the match was past half past five in the evening with poor light, the decision was made that the match should not continue into the following day, and so the Non-Smokers came out to bat and hit the runs they required, reaching the total shortly after six o'clock. The match was played at Lord's in good weather on both days, and was well attended on the first day, with between six and seven thousand spectators at the ground.
Second match, 1887.
Two and a half years later, another first-class contest with the same title was held at East Melbourne Cricket Ground in Australia. The game was played as the penultimate match of the English tour of Australia in 1886–87, led by Alfred Shaw. Once again the two teams contained a mix of Australian and English players, including three who had taken part in the previous match; Barlow and Palmer each appeared for the same team as previously, but Gunn, who had played for the Smokers in 1884, switched teams and was on the side of the Non-Smokers in 1887. The touring side had been due to face a "Combined Australia" team, but as such a team would be missing those players from New South Wales, it was decided to split the teams as in 1884. The match was sponsored by four companies, with prizes of 500 cigars each for the best batsman and bowler for the Smokers, 250 cigars for the best aggregate batting score for the Smokers, another 250 cigars for the best individual score from either side, and 200 cigars for the best bowling for the Non-Smokers.
The match began in similar fashion to the earlier contest; the Non-Smokers won the toss, and their captain Arthur Shrewsbury chose to bat first. The Smokers, led by the Australian Harry Boyle, walked onto the pitch smoking cigars. Despite the strong bowling attack boasted by the Smokers, which included Johnny Briggs and George Lohmann, the Non-Smokers took advantage of a good batting wicket and accrued 196 runs before the first wicket fell, that of William Bruce for 131. Billy Bates was dismissed shortly thereafter for four, bringing in Billy Gunn. Shrewsbury and Gunn batted together for the rest of the day, and the following morning, building a partnership of 310 runs; Shrewsbury was eventually caught off the bowling of Briggs for 236, while Gunn was bowled by Boyle for 150. Fifties from Richard Houston, Harry Musgrove and Jack Worrall in the middle-order boosted the score to 803, a new record for the highest innings total in first-class cricket. The previous record, 775 runs, had also been set in Australia, by New South Wales. The score fell some way short of the highest innings score in any cricket, which was believed to have been the 920 scored by Orleans Club against Rickling Green in 1882. The score has since been surpassed over twenty times.
The Smokers began their response on the third morning of the match, and after losing Maurice Read for 30, Eugene Palmer and Briggs put together a partnership of 160, but both were dismissed before the close of play that day, Palmer for 113 and Briggs for 86. Nevertheless, with the score at 302 for three, it was considered likely that the match would end in a draw. The following morning, wickets fell rapidly; Bates finished the innings with figures of six for 73, and the Smokers, who were all out for 356, were asked to follow on. Briggs recorded a second fifty in the match, but otherwise no player made a significant impact, and the game pestered towards the expected draw. The last ball of the match resulted in a situation described by Gerald Brodribb as "most unusual". William Scotton faced the final delivery of the contest. Eager to claim the ball as a souvenir of the high-scoring match, he defended the delivery and picked the ball up. The fielders—who also wanted the souvenir—appealed, and Scotton was ruled out, having handled the ball. The match was drawn, with the Smokers still trailing by 491 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="2924421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924421" title="Layered Service Provider">
Layered Service Provider

Layered Service Provider (LSP) is a deprecated feature of the Microsoft Windows Winsock 2 Service Provider Interface (SPI). A Layered Service Provider is a DLL that uses Winsock APIs to attempt to insert itself into the TCP/IP protocol stack. Once in the stack, a Layered Service Provider can intercept and modify inbound and outbound Internet traffic. It allows processing of all the TCP/IP traffic taking place between the Internet and the applications that are accessing the Internet (such as a web browser, the email client, etc.). For example, it could be used by malware to redirect web browers to rogue websites, or to block access to sites like Windows Update. Alternatively, a computer security program could scan network traffic for viruses or other threats. The Winsock "Service Provider Interface (SPI)" API provides a mechanism for layering providers on top of each other. Winsock LSPs are available for a range of useful purposes, including parental controls and Web content filtering. The parental controls web filter in Windows Vista is an LSP. The layering order of all providers is kept in the Winsock Catalog.
Details.
Unlike the well-known Winsock 2 API, which is covered by numerous books, documentation, and samples, the Winsock 2 SPI is relatively unexplored. The Winsock 2 SPI is implemented by network transport service providers and namespace resolution service providers. The Winsock 2 SPI can be used to extend an existing transport service provider by implementing a Layered Service Provider. For example, Quality of Service (QoS) on Windows 98 and Windows 2000 is implemented as an LSP over the TCP/IP protocol stack. Another use for LSPs would be to develop specialized URL filtering software to prevent Web browsers from accessing certain sites, regardless of the browser installed on a desktop. 
The Winsock 2 SPI allows software developers to create two different types of service providers—transport and namespace. Transport providers (commonly referred to as protocol stacks) are services, which supply functions that set up connections, transfer data, exercise flow control, error control, and so on. Namespace providers are services that associate the addressing attributes of a network protocol with one or more human-friendly names and enable protocol-independent name resolution. The SPI also allows you to develop two types of transport service providers—base and layered service providers.
Base service providers implement the actual details of a transport protocol: setting up connections, transferring data, and exercising flow control and error control. Layered service providers implement only higher-level custom communication functions and rely on an existing underlying base provider for the actual data exchange with a remote endpoint.
Winsock 2 LSPs are implemented as Windows DLLs with a single exported entry function, "WSPStartup". All other transport SPI functions are made accessible to ws2_32.dll or an upper chain layered provider via the LSP's dispatch table. LSPs and base providers are strung together to form a protocol chain. The LSP DLL has to be registered using a special LSP registrant which instructs Winsock 2, the loading order of the LSPs (there can be more than one LSP installed) and which protocols to intercept.
LSPs work by intercepting Winsock 2 commands before they are processed by ws2_32.dll; they can therefore modify the commands, drop a command, or just log the data which makes them a useful tool for malware, network filters, network intercepters, and stream based sniffers. Sniffing network traffic through LSP can sometimes be troublesome since anti-virus vendors typically flag such activity as malicious — a network packet analyzer is therefore a better alternative for capturing network traffic.
A feature of LSP and Winsock proxy sniffing is that they allow traffic to be captured from a single application and also enable traffic going to localhost (127.0.0.1) to be sniffed on Windows.
There are two kinds of LSP: IFS and non IFS LSP. Currently most LSPs on the market are non IFS. The difference between the two LSPs is that non IFS LSPs modify the socket handle to a non valid Windows IFS handle and therefore the LSP must implement all Winsock 2 methods. IFS LSPs, on the other hand, preserve the socket handle, which allows the LSP to implement only the functions it wants to intercept.
Deprecation and LSP bypass.
LSPs have been deprecated since Windows Server 2012. Systems that include LSPs will not pass the Windows logo checks. Windows 8 style "metro" apps that use networking will automatically bypass all LSPs. The Windows Filtering Platform provides similar functionality and is compatible with both Windows 8 style "metro" apps and conventional desktop applications.
Corruption issues.
A major issue with LSPs is that any bugs in the LSP can cause applications to break. For example, an LSP that returns the wrong number of bytes sent through an interface can cause applications to go into an infinite loop while waiting for the network stack to indicate that data has been sent.
Another major common issue with LSPs was that if they were to be removed or unregistered improperly or if the LSP was buggy, it would result in corruption of the Winsock catalog in the registry, and the entire TCP/IP stack would break and the computer could no longer access the network.
LSP technology is often exploited by spyware and adware programs in order to intercept the communication across the Internet. For example, malware may insert itself as an LSP in the network stack and forward all of the user's traffic to an unauthorized external site, where it can be data-mined to find the user's interests to bombard him/her with targeted advertisements, as well as spam e-mail. If a malware LSP is not removed correctly, older versions of Windows may be left without a working network connection.
Such potential loss of all network connectivity is prevented in Windows XP Service Pack 2, Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 and all later Windows operating systems, in which Winsock has the ability to self-heal after a user uninstalls such an LSP.
Installed LSPs can be viewed using the XP/Vista Windows Defender's "Software Explorer" or using third-party utilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2924424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924424" title="Matsuyama-Machi Station (Miyagi)">
Matsuyama-Machi Station (Miyagi)

Bus.
Miyako-bus

</doc>
<doc id="2924425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924425" title="St. Andrew's Church">
St. Andrew's Church

St. Andrew's Church, Church of St Andrew, or variants thereof, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924429" title="Crotonic acid">
Crotonic acid

Crotonic acid, or trans-2-butenoic acid, is a short-chain unsaturated carboxylic acid, described by the formula CH3CH=CHCO2H. Crotonic acid is so named because it was erroneously thought to be a saponification product of croton oil. It crystallizes as needles from hot water.
Racemic threonine can be prepared from crotonic acid by alpha-functionalization using mercury(II) acetate.

</doc>
<doc id="2924436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924436" title="Electromagnetic wave equation">
Electromagnetic wave equation

The electromagnetic wave equation is a second-order partial differential equation that describes the propagation of electromagnetic waves through a medium or in a vacuum. It is a three-dimensional form of the wave equation. The homogeneous form of the equation, written in terms of either the electric field or the magnetic field , takes the form:
where 
is the speed of light in a medium with permeability (), and permittivity (), and is the Laplace operator. In a vacuum, meters per second, which is the speed of light in free space. The electromagnetic wave equation derives from Maxwell's equations. It should also be noted that in most older literature, is called the "magnetic flux density" or "magnetic induction".
The origin of the electromagnetic wave equation.
In his 1864 paper titled A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field, Maxwell utilized the correction to Ampère's circuital law that he had made in part III of his 1861 paper On Physical Lines of Force. In "Part VI" of his 1864 paper titled "Electromagnetic Theory of Light", Maxwell combined displacement current with some of the other equations of electromagnetism and he obtained a wave equation with a speed equal to the speed of light. He commented:
"The agreement of the results seems to show that light and magnetism are affections of the same substance, and that light is an electromagnetic disturbance propagated through the field according to electromagnetic laws." 
Maxwell's derivation of the electromagnetic wave equation has been replaced in modern physics education by a much less cumbersome method involving combining the corrected version of Ampère's circuital law with Faraday's law of induction.
To obtain the electromagnetic wave equation in a vacuum using the modern method, we begin with the modern 'Heaviside' form of Maxwell's equations. In a vacuum- and charge-free space, these equations are:
where because there's no charge density in free space.
Taking the curl of the curl equations gives:
We can use the vector identity
where is any vector function of space. And
where is a dyadic which when operated on by the divergence operator yields a vector. Since 
then the first term on the right in the identity vanishes and we obtain the wave equations:
where 
is the speed of light in free space.
Covariant form of the homogeneous wave equation.
These relativistic equations can be written in contravariant form as
where the electromagnetic four-potential is
with the Lorenz gauge condition:
and where
is the d'Alembert operator.
Homogeneous wave equation in curved spacetime.
The electromagnetic wave equation is modified in two ways, the derivative is replaced with the covariant derivative and a new term that depends on the curvature appears.
where formula_15 is the Ricci curvature tensor and the semicolon indicates covariant differentiation.
The generalization of the Lorenz gauge condition in curved spacetime is assumed:
Inhomogeneous electromagnetic wave equation.
Localized time-varying charge and current densities can act as sources of electromagnetic waves in a vacuum. Maxwell's equations can be written in the form of a wave equation with sources. The addition of sources to the wave equations makes the partial differential equations inhomogeneous.
Solutions to the homogeneous electromagnetic wave equation.
The general solution to the electromagnetic wave equation is a linear superposition of waves of the form
for virtually "any" well-behaved function of dimensionless argument , where is the angular frequency (in radians per second), and is the wave vector (in radians per meter).
Although the function can be and often is a monochromatic sine wave, it does not have to be sinusoidal, or even periodic. In practice, cannot have infinite periodicity because any real electromagnetic wave must always have a finite extent in time and space. As a result, and based on the theory of Fourier decomposition, a real wave must consist of the superposition of an infinite set of sinusoidal frequencies.
In addition, for a valid solution, the wave vector and the angular frequency are not independent; they must adhere to the dispersion relation:
where is the wavenumber and is the wavelength. The variable can only be used in this equation when the electromagnetic wave is in a vacuum.
Monochromatic, sinusoidal steady-state.
The simplest set of solutions to the wave equation result from assuming sinusoidal waveforms of a single frequency in separable form:
where
Plane wave solutions.
Consider a plane defined by a unit normal vector 
Then planar traveling wave solutions of the wave equations are
where is the position vector (in meters).
These solutions represent planar waves traveling in the direction of the normal vector . If we define the z direction as the direction of . and the x direction as the direction of , then by Faraday's Law the magnetic field lies in the y direction and is related to the electric field by the relation 
Because the divergence of the electric and magnetic fields are zero, there are no fields in the direction of propagation.
This solution is the linearly polarized solution of the wave equations. There are also circularly polarized solutions in which the fields rotate about the normal vector.
Spectral decomposition.
Because of the linearity of Maxwell's equations in a vacuum, solutions can be decomposed into a superposition of sinusoids. This is the basis for the Fourier transform method for the solution of differential equations. The sinusoidal solution to the electromagnetic wave equation takes the form
where
The wave vector is related to the angular frequency by
where is the wavenumber and is the wavelength.
The electromagnetic spectrum is a plot of the field magnitudes (or energies) as a function of wavelength.
Multipole expansion.
Assuming monochromatic fields varying in time as formula_30, if one uses Maxwell's Equations to eliminate , the electromagnetic wave equation reduces to the Helmholtz Equation for :
with "k = ω/c" as given above. Alternatively, one can eliminate in favor of to obtain:
A generic electromagnetic field with frequency can be written as a sum of solutions to these two equations. The three-dimensional solutions of the Helmholtz Equation can be expressed as expansions in spherical harmonics with coefficients proportional to the spherical Bessel functions. However, applying this expansion to each vector component of or will give solutions that are not generically divergence-free (), and therefore require additional restrictions on the coefficients.
The multipole expansion circumvents this difficulty by expanding not or , but or into spherical harmonics. These expansions still solve the original Helmholtz equations for and because for a divergence-free field , . The resulting expressions for a generic electromagnetic field are:
where formula_35 and formula_36 are the "electric multipole fields of order (l, m)", and formula_37 and formula_38 are the corresponding "magnetic multipole fields", and and are the coefficients of the expansion. The multipole fields are given by
where "hl(1,2)(x)" are the spherical Hankel functions, "El(1,2)" and "Bl(1,2)" are determined by boundary conditions, and 
are vector spherical harmonics normalized so that
The multipole expansion of the electromagnetic field finds application in a number of problems involving spherical symmetry, for example antennae radiation patterns, or nuclear gamma decay. In these applications, one is often interested in the power radiated in the far-field. In this regions, the and fields asymptote to
The angular distribution of the time-averaged radiated power is then given by
Other solutions.
Other spherically and cylindrically symmetric analytic solutions to the electromagnetic wave equations are also possible.
In spherical coordinates the solutions to the wave equation can be written as follows:
and
These can be rewritten in terms of the spherical Bessel function.
In cylindrical coordinates, the solutions to the wave equation are the ordinary Bessel function of integer order.

</doc>
<doc id="2924447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924447" title="Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal">
Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal

Charles Fredrick Weisenthal was awarded the patent for the first known mechanical device for sewing in 1755. One might argue that he invented the sewing machine. He was born in Germany, but was in England at the time of invention. For his invention of a double pointed needle with an eye at one end, he received the British Patent No. 701 (1755).

</doc>
<doc id="2924464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924464" title="John Thomas (athlete)">
John Thomas (athlete)

John Curtis Thomas (March 3, 1941 – January 15, 2013) was an American track and field athlete who set several world records in the high jump using the straddle technique. As a youth, he earned the Eagle Scout award. At the age of 17, while a freshman at Boston University, Thomas became the first man to clear 7 feet (2.13 m) indoors. He subsequently pushed the world indoor record to 7'1½" (2.17 m), and broke the world outdoor record three times, with a career best jump of 7'3¾" (2.22 m) in 1960 while just 20 years old.
Thomas' meteoric career briefly captivated the track world, but he failed to win an Olympic gold medal, despite being favored to win in both his efforts. In 1960, he took the bronze medal behind Russia's Robert Shavlakadze (gold), and Valeriy Brumel (silver). In 1964 he was bested again by Brumel, who cleared the same top height as Thomas, but was declared the winner based on fewer misses at lower heights. His failure in 1960 on Thursday 1 September was accompanied by other failures that day by American favorites and the day become renowned as 'Black Thursday'.
He is an inductee of the USATF Hall of Fame.
Jumping orientation.
Thomas planted his left foot for take-off and high kicked with his right leg that would lead over the bar.
Biography.
Thomas was born in Boston and grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His father Curtis was a bus driver and his mother Ida was a kitchen employee at Harvard University.
He graduated from Boston University in 1963 with a bachelor's degree in physical and psychological rehabilitation.
Thomas retired from competition at the age of 27 and became a businessman. He later served as an assistant coach at Boston University and athletic director at Roxbury Community College.
Thomas died at age 71 while undergoing vascular surgery at a Brockton, Massachusetts hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2924475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924475" title="Joke Waller-Hunter">
Joke Waller-Hunter

Joke Waller-Hunter (15 November 1946 - 14 October 2005) was a Dutch United Nations official who worked on several environmental issues including the Kyoto Accord. 
She was born Joke Hendrina Hunter in Haarlem, daughter of Cornelis Hunter and Hendrina van Smalen. She studied French and, as a student in 1969, married Herman Waller, of the old patrician family Waller from Nijkerk, who died at the age of 48 in 1991. She started working for the province of North Holland, and after that for many years at the Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment. Her efforts at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 drew much attention, and even earned her the moniker "Dutch Maffia" amongst opponents of a treaty.
She was the first UN Director for the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development, a position which she served from 1994-1998. From 1998 to 2002 she was director of the OECD Environment Directorate. She then joined the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change as Executive Secretary.
She was awarded an honorary doctorate from the Vrije Universiteit in September 2005 citing "her contribution to society through her outstanding work in the field of sustainable development and protection of the global climate". After her death as the result of breast cancer at the age of 58 in a hospital in Lohmar, the UN organized a memorial ceremony in Bonn and a memorial concert in Montréal. Childless, she left her estate to the Dutch environmental organization Both ENDS.

</doc>
<doc id="2924476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924476" title="Joseph Tate">
Joseph Tate

Joseph Tate is an American attorney who represented government official Lewis Libby in the CIA leak grand jury investigation. Tate is a partner with the law firm Dechert LLP in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He specializes in defending clients against charges of complex white collar crime, in particular, anti-trust and other regulatory issues. Previously, Tate worked in the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice.
Education.
Tate graduated from Villanova University in 1963 and Villanova University School of Law in 1966. He was a member of the Villanova University Law Review. 
Involvement with the CIA leak grand jury investigation.
Tate, acting as Lewis Libby's attorney, has spoken publicly about the Libby's involvement in the CIA leak grand jury investigation. In particular, Tate discussed Libby's connection to the "New York Times" journalist Judith Miller. Miller spent 85 days in jail for refusing to disclose the identity of her source, an unidentified government official. Despite speculation to the contrary, Tate repeatedly denied that Libby was the source that Miller was protecting. Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald, investigating the CIA leak, wrote to Tate on September 12, 2005 to clarify that communication between Libby and Miller would not be obstruction of justice. Fitzgerald knew that Libby was the government official that Miller refused to discuss. Tate continues to deny that Libby was Miller's protected source, instead, insisting that a written waiver was provided a year ago. Miller was eventually released from jail, after Libby contacted Miller by phone with Tate and Miller's attorney's listening. 

</doc>
<doc id="2924484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924484" title="Sudan III">
Sudan III

Sudan III is a lysochrome (fat-soluble dye) diazo dye. It is structurally related to azobenzene.
Uses.
It is used to color nonpolar substances like oils, fats, waxes, greases, various hydrocarbon products, and acrylic emulsions. Its main use is as a fuel dye in the United States of America mandated by the IRS to distinguish low-taxed heating oil from automotive diesel fuel, and by the EPA to mark fuels with higher sulfur content; it is a replacement for Solvent Red 26 with better solubility in hydrocarbons. The concentration required by IRS is a spectral equivalent of 3.9 pounds per 1000 barrels, or 11.13 mg/l, of Solvent Red 26 in solid form; the concentrations required by EPA are roughly 5 times lower.
It is also used to dye some hydraulic fluids and some other hydrocarbons, predominantly gasoline.
Biological staining.
Sudan III is a dye used for Sudan staining. Similar dyes include Oil Red O, Sudan IV, and Sudan Black B. They are used for staining of triglycerides in frozen sections, and some protein bound lipids and lipoproteins on paraffin sections. It has the appearance of reddish brown crystals and a maximum absorption at 507(304) nm.
Its other names are Sudan Red BK, Fat Ponceau G, Cerasin Red, C.I. 26100, Solvent Red 23, Sudan Red, Sudan Red III, Sudan V, Sudan Red B, Sudan G, Scarlet B, and Tony Red.
Safety.
Sudan I, Sudan III, and Sudan IV have been classified as category 3 carcinogens by the International Agency for Research on Cancer.
Its risk and safety phrases are -/.

</doc>
<doc id="2924488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924488" title="Leave It Alone">
Leave It Alone

Leave It Alone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924510" title="Window of Opportunity (Stargate SG-1)">
Window of Opportunity (Stargate SG-1)

"Window of Opportunity" is the sixth episode from season 4 of the science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1", and first aired on the American subscription channel Showtime on August 4, 2000. The episode is based on a time loop scenario, with SG-1 team members Colonel O'Neill and Teal'c repeatedly reliving the same ten hours after a mission on a planet. Since the rest of their team and all personnel at Stargate Command are unaware of the happenings and do not remember the time resets, O'Neill and Teal'c are forced to find a solution on their own.
Penned by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie, "Window of Opportunity" was the writing duo's second script, and their first episode to air. Mallozzi and Mullie later became executive producers of both "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis". The episode's unique story style caused an unexpected shortage of footage during filming, which director Peter DeLuise compensated for by shooting additional scenes, many of which were humorous. "Window of Opportunity" is widely regarded as a fan favorite.
Plot.
On a mission on P4X-639, a planet experiencing strong solar activity, the SG-1 team encounters an alien archaeologist named Malikai (Robin Mossley). When a geomagnetic disturbance hits its peak, the Stargate activates simultaneously on the planet and on Earth, and a flash strikes Malikai, Colonel O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson) and Teal'c (Christopher Judge) near an Ancient altar. Moments later, O'Neill finds himself in the Stargate Command (SGC) cafeteria in the middle of a breakfast conversation with Dr. Daniel Jackson (Michael Shanks) and Major Carter (Amanda Tapping), who claim to have no knowledge of the planet. O'Neill and Teal'c later express familiarity with the events, and they are checked and certified to be in perfect health. Before SG-1 can resume their planned mission to the planet, an unscheduled offworld activation of the Earth Stargate, accompanied by flashes, transports O'Neill back to breakfast.
While the events at the SGC repeat themselves, Daniel makes first progress in the translation of writings in the photos of the ancient altar. SG-1 return to the planet where Malikai lets slip he too remembers what's happening, but O'Neill finds himself back at breakfast before the altar's activation can be stopped. With the help of O'Neill's and Teal'c's explanations, Carter devises a plan to break the time loop by preventing an incoming wormhole, which fails. Meanwhile, Daniel attempts to translate the altar's writing loop after loop, but his memory is reset each time along with everyone else's, and he cannot possibly translate it all within just a few hours. Ultimately, O'Neill and Teal'c realize the only solution is to learn and remember the alien language themselves. After many loops of teaching, Daniel makes an offhand remark about events that occur during each loop having no consequences once the loop is over, which inspires O'Neill and Teal'c to indulge in wildly outrageous behavior as a means of dealing with the boredom and frustration of being caught in repeating time. The pair play golf through the active Stargate (much to General Hammond's irritation in at least one loop), Teal'c takes action against the painful starts of his loops by slamming the door back in the face of the airman who accidentally hit him with it in the beginning of each loop, O'Neill tries pottery-making (clearly improving with each progressive loop), bicycles through the base, and just before the end of one loop, resigns from the Air Force whilst wearing an outrageous sweatshirt for the sole purpose of grabbing Carter and kissing her in the seconds before the loop resets.
After what is later believed to have been at least three months, Daniel is finally able to reconstruct the planet's history with the finished translations: the Ancients had attempted to escape a mysterious plague by building a time machine but never got it to work properly. Upon returning to the planet, SG-1 learn of the death of Malikai's wife, whom Malikai wants to visit in the past with the help of the time machine. O'Neill's experience of his son's death convinces Malikai to shut down the device before yet another new loop can start. Back at the SGC, O'Neill, Carter, and Daniel have their first breakfast after the loops, and O'Neill answers Daniel's question about unusual activities in the loops with a long look at Carter.
Production.
"Window of Opportunity" was the second "Stargate SG-1" script by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie, and their first episode to air. The writing duo's first script, "Scorched Earth", would air three episodes later. Choosing "Ad Infinitum" as the episode's working title, Mallozzi and Mullie originally pitched "Window of Opportunity" as a darker story from the finished episode. SG-1 would encounter a world whose scientists work feverishly on preventing an imminent apocalypse, but after being unable to find a solution in time, they initiate a time loop that would trap the SG-1 team. Executive producer Brad Wright however noted the similarities to the ' episode "Cause and Effect", and writer Robert C. Cooper suggested a lighter direction similar to the feature film "Groundhog Day", which O'Neill would briefly reference in the episode. To simplify continuity in the shooting process, Brad Wright encouraged chaos-theory-type fluctuations in the story as early as in the episode's concept meeting. Director Peter DeLuise asked the prop department to glue the Froot Loops to O'Neill's breakfast spoon to have the same loops in the same spots in each take.
According to Paul Mullie, having Froot Loops as O'Neill's breakfast was not scripted, and he is unsure if the loop reference was intentional. This was contradicted by Script coordinator Cath-Anne Ambrose who said "I had to get Fruit Loops cleared the company that makes them, and so the guy calls me back and says, 'Well how do you feel about Eggo Waffles? Would you consider using Eggo Waffles instead of Fruit Loops?' So I go to these guys writing department and ask, 'How do you feel about waffles?' And they're like, 'No! It's Fruit Loops! It's a time loop! No!' Waffle sales were down."
The off-world scenes were filmed on an interior sound stage, using occasional lens flares and off-camera fans to simulate weather. A matte painting by the in-house visual effects department later served as a sky replacement for the used greenscreen. The Vancouver-based company GDFX was responsible for almost all visual effects shots, some of which were re-used within the episode to save money. Other visual effects clips were re-used from previous episodes. "Window of Opportunity" was the first episode to feature a rear-screen projection in the briefing room. To speed up the shooting process, scenes were filmed in thematic blocks instead of in a story-chronological order, and short sequences were re-used to help the audience with a visual recall in new scenes. Sound effects were later added to give the wooden altar prop the impression of being made of stone.
It became evident by the third day of production that the episode was going to run significantly short, partly caused by the time-efficient filming style. The scene in which Daniel informs Jack and Teal'c of the opportunity to do whatever they like, was a late pitch by Brad Wright, who had also had the idea for some time to show someone golfing through the Stargate. Preliminary discussions about computer-generating the golf ball to not break the US$100,000 Stargate prop were later overturned, and the actors used a real golf ball. Many of the other humorous scenes in "Window of Opportunity" were improvised on set during filming. With juggling being one of Richard Dean Anderson's earlier careers, director Peter DeLuise filmed the juggling sequence in a last effort to fill the episode's time slot. "Window of Opportunity" has no deleted scenes.
As the first episodes of season 4 addressed the attraction between O'Neill and Carter, its after-effects were chosen to be still noticeable in "Window of Opportunity". The progressing frustration of Teal'c, "the man of infinite patience", is shown by his Kel'no'reem'ing (a fictional meditational state) during the briefing. The episode's main guest star was Robin Mossley as Malikai; Mossley would play a different character in the season 10 episode "Morpheus". Several crew members make cameo appearances in "Window of Opportunity". Nicole Forrest, the show's head of accounting and director Peter Woeste's wife, appears as Malikai's wife on a photographic device. One of Anderson's stand-ins on "SG-1", Bill Nikolai, plays the technician in O'Neill's bicycle scene. Director Peter DeLuise briefly appears as an airman who helps Daniel recover from being repeatedly knocked down by Sgt. Siler in each loop. Siler himself is played by stunt coordinator Dan Shea. The name of writer Joseph Mallozzi appears as the author of the book that O'Neill and Teal'c use to study the Ancient language.
Reception.
In his book "Approaching the Possible", Jo Storm saw the episode's title hinting at an "inevitable" story line about the sexual tension between O'Neill and Carter that has been looming since the beginning of the series. The characters "break the rules of conduct for their jobs" (fraternization) made the episode "seem completely unnatural", while it allowed the writers to explore possibilities in the narrative. Jo Storm also credited the writers for breaking the "boring" convention of getting either only one or all teammembers caught in a time loop. The producers enjoyed having O'Neill and Teal'c instead of the usual intellectual combination of Carter and Daniel solve the puzzle. Peter DeLuise regarded the episode as "funnier" and "more lighthearted" than usual episodes.
A season 4 DVD review by digitallyobsessed.com gave "Window of Opportunity" 4 out of 5 points, calling it an "enjoyable", "charming", and "unique" episode and "one of the series' most entertaining stories". Other reviewers found the episode "hilarious" and "a fine example of "SG-1" at its humorous best". The 2000 XPosé Yearbook ranked "Window of Opportunity" as the second-best episode of science fiction television in the year 2000. A sampling of fan opinions on space.com in 2001 showed the episode as a "clear favorite". In a fan poll conducted in 2007 on the Sci-Fi Channel's website, "Window of Opportunity" was voted the "best episode ever" out of thirty-two preselected "Stargate SG-1" episodes, and the majority of participants in a 2007 "SG-1" fan poll on MSN Canada named the episode their "favourite of all time."

</doc>
<doc id="2924529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924529" title="Joe Magarac">
Joe Magarac

Joe Magarac is a pseudo-legendary American folk hero. He is presented to readers as having been the protagonist of tales of oral folklore told by steelworkers in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania which later spread throughout the industrial areas of the Midwestern United States. 
Genesis.
Magarac first appeared in print in a 1931 Scribner's Magazine article by Owen Francis, who said he heard the story from immigrant steelworkers in Pittsburgh area steel mills. However, field research in the early 1950s failed to uncover any traces of an oral tradition about the character, meaning that Joe Magarac, like Big Steve, Febold Feboldson, and Paul Bunyan, probably belongs in the category of "fakelore," or stories told folk-tale style that did not actually spring from authentic folklore.
Since "magarac" means "donkey" (specifically, male donkey, or "jackass") in the Serbo-Croatian language, folklorists have speculated that Joe Magarac was originally a satirical character, if indeed he was not made up on the spot by Owen Francis's informants as a joke.
Legend.
As the story goes, he was a sort of patron saint for steel workers. He lived at Mrs. Horkey's boarding house and was physically made of steel. He supposedly rose out of an ore mine, having allegedly been born inside—or on the outside of—an ore mountain, to help steelworkers, and he won the beautiful Mary Mestrovich's hand in marriage in a weight-lifting contest. But he allowed her to marry her true love Pete Pussick. (Both these surnames are also of Croatian origin: Meštrović and Pušić.) He would appear out of nowhere at critical moments to protect the steel workers. One story goes that he showed up to stop the falling of a 50-ton crucible, set to fall on a group of steelworkers. His fate is debated as well. While one version of the tale states that he melted himself down in a Bessemer furnace for material to build a new mill, another states that he is still alive. The second version suggests that he is waiting at an abandoned mill, waiting for the day that the furnace burns again.
Joe Magarac stories were told in other industrial cities of the Midwest as well, though his home was always Pittsburgh. In Racine, Wisconsin, he was described as a Czech to children in Bohemian families. He was the ideal role model for parents to present to children who would likely follow them into factory work. He was strong, brave, and self-sacrificing, and he worked with the strength of a hundred men.
One version of the Magarac story was recorded by The New Christy Minstrels on their 1964 Columbia Records release "Land of Giants:" "We're gonna build a railroad down to Frisco and back, and way down to Mexico. Who's gonna make the steel for that track? It's Joe...Magarac."
Legacy.
The Magarac legend is described in some detail in John Brunner's science fiction short story "The Iron Jackass," which in many ways is a futuristic retelling of the legend with a robot in the role of Joe Magarac. 
Pittsburgh's local amusement park, Kennywood, had a depiction of Joe Magarac as a scene for the Olde Kennywood Railroad. During the slow moving, historic and culturally entertaining ride, Joe Magarac was depicted with a red-hot steel beam, bending it into shape for the amusement park's steel coasters. In 2009, the statue was donated to US Steel Corporation and has since been re-erected at the entrance to the company's Edgar Thomson Works.

</doc>
<doc id="2924530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924530" title="List of Upstairs, Downstairs (1971 TV series) episodes">
List of Upstairs, Downstairs (1971 TV series) episodes

"Upstairs, Downstairs" is a British television drama series created by Jean Marsh and Eileen Atkins, and developed by Alfred Shaughnessy for London Weekend Television. The series consists of 68 hour-long episodes that aired in Great Britain on ITV from 1971 to 1975 and in the United States as part of "Masterpiece Theatre" on PBS from 1974 to 1977. It was eventually broadcast in over 70 countries to an audience of over one billion viewers. 
The series is set during the period 1903–1930 and takes place largely in the London town house of the Bellamy family. The "upstairs" and "downstairs" of the title refers to, respectively, the Bellamys and their servants. The first season introduced David Langton as Richard Bellamy, Rachel Gurney as his wife, Marjorie, Nicola Pagett as their daughter, Elizabeth, and Simon Williams as their son, James. The household servants were Gordon Jackson as Angus Hudson (the butler), Angela Baddeley as Mrs Bridges (the cook), Jean Marsh as Rose Buck (the head maid), Pauline Collins as Sarah Moffat (maid), Patsy Smart as Maude Roberts (Mrs. Bellamy’s personal maid), Christopher Beeny as Edward (first servant), and George Innes as Alfred (the footman). In the second series Jenny Tomasin was introduced as Ruby (a kitchen/scullery maid) and George Innes was replaced by John Alderton as Thomas Watkins. Alderton and Pauline Collins later played their characters in a spin-off series, "Thomas and Sarah". 
Rachel Gurney and Nicola Pagett both left the show after the second series. The third series introduced Meg Wynn Owen as Hazel Forrest, Lesley-Anne Down as Georgina Worsley (Richard Bellamy’s "niece" – the stepdaughter of Lady Marjorie's late brother Hugo), and Jacqueline Tong as Daisy Peel (another maid). Owen was dropped from the cast after the fourth series and replaced in the fifth by Hannah Gordon as Virginia Hamilton, who becomes Richard Bellamy’s second wife. Anthony Andrews also became a regular in the fifth series in the role of Lord Robert Stockbridge, as did Karen Dotrice as Lily Hawkins, another maid in the Bellamy household.
During its run "Upstairs, Downstairs" won two BAFTA Awards, seven Emmys, and a Peabody and Golden Globe Award. The complete series has been released on DVD in regions one, two, and four.
Episodes.
A total of 68 hour-long episodes were produced and broadcast during the original run of "Upstairs, Downstairs." They are listed in order of their original airing in Great Britain. Two numbers (#) are listed for each episode. The first indicates the number for the entire series while the second is for within the season.
Series One (1971–72).
The first series is set from November 1903 to June 1909 and consists of 13 episodes that aired in two separate sections (October–November 1971 and January–March 1972). For this series the show won the BAFTA for Best Drama.
The first six episodes were made in black and white due to a strike at the ITV companies. When colour facilities became available again mid-way through production of the series, London Weekend Television remade the first episode in colour at the end of the first series block, thus making the series more marketable for overseas broadcasts. The original black-and-white version was subsequently destroyed. Two colour versions of the episode were edited, with the episode intended for overseas broadcast showing Sarah (Pauline Collins) leaving Eaton Place (as she does in "Board Wages") to maintain the series' continuity with the black-and-white episodes omitted. 
For original showings in the United States three episodes from the first British series and ten from the second were merged into a single season of 13 episodes. The unused episodes from these two series were eventually shown in 1989 under the banner "The Missing Episodes". 
Series Two (1972–73).
For its second series "Upstairs, Downstairs" is set from 1908 to 1910. As with the first series a total of 13 episodes were produced. This time all were made in colour. As mentioned above, the first season broadcast in the United States was a conglomeration of three and ten episodes from, respectively, the first and second British series. For its first American season, "Upstairs, Downstairs" won the 1974 Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series while Jean Marsh was nominated for an Emmy as Best Lead Actress in a Drama Series. 
Series Three (1973–74).
The third series is set in the pre-World War I era of 1912–14 and consists of 13 colour episodes. For this series "Upstairs, Downstairs" won the BAFTA for Best Drama Series and the Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for Outstanding Drama Series. Jean Marsh won the Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a drama. Angela Baddeley was nominated for Emmy for the Outstanding Continuing Performance by a Supporting Actress. 
Series Four (1974).
Series Four of "Upstairs, Downstairs" is set during the period of World War I (1914–18) and consists of 13 colour episodes. This series won an Emmy for Outstanding Limited Series, and Gordon Jackson won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series. Jean Marsh, Angela Baddeley and Christopher Hodson received Emmy nominations for, respectively, Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series, Outstanding Continuing Performance by a Supporting Actress, and Outstanding Directing in a Drama Series.
Series Five (1975).
The final series is set in the post-war period of 1919–30 and consists of 16 colour episodes. Once again "Upstairs, Downstairs" won an Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series while Jacqueline Tong received a nomination for Outstanding Continuing Performance by a Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. The series also received a Peabody Award for this season.
References.
Book:
Web site:

</doc>
<doc id="2924541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924541" title="Matsuyama-Machi Station">
Matsuyama-Machi Station

Matsuyama-Machi Station the name of two train stations in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="2924550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924550" title="Twin Angels">
Twin Angels

The title has been published in English under two names, Twin Dolls by Soft Cel Pictures and Twin Angels by Anime18. The series is also known as "Seijyuu Den" / "Inju Seisen" (or "Seijyuu Den Twin Dolls" / "Inju Seisen Twin Angel"). The Japanese original was published by Daiei Co., and created by Ohji Miyako. This title was one of the early popular titles in hentai that arrived in North America.
Plot.
The title involves twin sisters, Amatsu Ai (天津亜衣) and Amatsu Mai (天津麻衣), who become virgin priestesses that must watch over the boy, Onimaru (鬼麿), a distant relative of theirs. It becomes his choice to make the world a hellhole of debauchery or to keep as it is. Onimaru (鬼麿) is the descendant of a line of men, of whom the founder was betrayed by the Japanese government, and whose spirit wants revenge through his descendant, by making Onimaru a sex depraved demon king. The founder is the younger brother to two twin sisters. The three of them are the result of a union between a fisherman and an Angel (Tennyo) of the Buddhist tradition. 
As in traditional Japanese folklore, the man acquired his angelic wife by stealing her angelic robes while she bathed, so that she could not return to heaven, and blackmailing her to marry him. (This is also the basis for the anime Ayashi no Ceres/). The folklore originates in ancient China, known as "Tian Xian Pei", the love legend between an angelic girl and an ordinary cowherd boy.
The two original girls are the founders of a temple and order that rein in the descendants of the betrayed boy, their younger brother.
The two twin sisters of the anime, older sister Ai (with long hair) and younger sister Mai (with short hair), descendants of that Angel and her two girls, fight the forces of sexual perversion, in the demonic minions of the founding son, with the help of grandmother Amatsu Genjuu (天津幻舟), and Onimaru's guardian Dekonobu (木偶の坊).
Appearances in other media.
Scenes from later episodes of Twin Angels appeared in the movie "Demonlover" to illustrate older style 2D adult animation.

</doc>
<doc id="2924579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924579" title="Vidyasagar (Jain monk)">
Vidyasagar (Jain monk)

Acharya Vidyasagar (Kannada:ಆಚಾರ್ಯ ವಿದ್ಯಾಸಾಗರ್, Sanskrit:आचार्य विद्यासागर) is one of the best known modern Jain Acharya. He is known both for his scholarship and tapasya.
Biography.
He was born as Vidyadhar on 10 October 1946 on sharad Purnima in Sadalga, District Belgaum, Karnataka. His father was Shri Mallappa, who later became Muni Mallisagar. His mother Shrimati later became Aryika Samayamati.
He was initiated as a monk at the age of twenty-two by Acharya Gyansagar, who belonged to the lineage of Acharya Shantisagar, at Ajmer in 1968. He was elevated to the Acharya status in 1972.
Acharya Vidyasagara is an expert in Sanskrit, Prakrit and several modern languages such as Hindi, Marathi and Kannada. He has been a prolific author in Hindi and Sanskrit. Several researchers have studied his works for masters and doctoral degrees. His works include Niranjana Shataka, Bhavana Shataka, Parishah Jaya Shataka, Suniti Shataka and Shramana Shataka. He authored the hindi epic poem "Mukamati". This has been also included in the syllabus of MA Hindi in various institutions.
Acharya Vidyasagar has been a source of inspiration to the people for starting institutions for the welfare of living beings at different places.
Acharya Vidyasagar has been a source of inspiration for religious functions. He has initiated more than 125 monks, a number unmatched in the past nine centuries. Several Panch kalyanak and Gajrath Mahotsava have been organized at different places of the country in his presence like Drongiri, Chattarpur (M.P), Bina Baraha Sagar (M.P), Morena (M.P), Madanganj Kishangarh Ajmer Raj, khajurahro, kundalgri, koniji, Jabalpur Padmanabhpur - Durg (CG) etc.
Acharya Vidyasagar has been a source of inspiration for the construction, development and renovation of Jain temples and images all over India. He has always inspired to invite scholars of eminence to have discourses on different subjects. He has also taken classes to teach his disciples different Granthas.
His tradition.
He belongs to the tradition established by Acharya Shantisagar. Acharya Shantisagar initiated Acharya Virsagar. He was then succeeded by Acharya Shivsagar, Acharya Gyansagar and finally Acharya Vidyasagara. Two of his brothers, Muni Yogasagarji and Muni Samaysagarji also followed him and were initiated as muni (monks) by Acharya Vidyasagar. Some of his disciples are well known scholars of their own right. , about 21% of all the digambar monks were under Acharya Vidyasagara.

</doc>
<doc id="2924587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924587" title="Isabella FitzRoy, Duchess of Grafton">
Isabella FitzRoy, Duchess of Grafton

Isabella Bennet FitzRoy, 2nd Countess of Arlington and Duchess of Grafton (c. 1668–7 February 1723) was a British peeress and heiress.
Family and marriage.
Isabella was the daughter of Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington, a Royalist commander, by his wife Isabella de Nassau (1633–1718). (Her mother was a granddaughter of Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange and thus a great-granddaughter of William the Silent). Henry was created Baron Arlington for his loyalty to the crown. Lord Arlington was later further raised in the peerage to the titles of Earl of Arlington and Viscount Thetford, all of which were created with special remainder to allow women to inherit.
Isabella was married at the age of four to Henry FitzRoy, Earl of Euston (later created Duke of Grafton), the nine-year-old illegitimate son of King Charles II. The wedding ceremony was repeated on 7 November 1679 and they lived at Euston Hall. Isabella and her husband had one son, Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton, who succeeded both his parents as 2nd Duke of Grafton and 3rd Earl of Arlington. After her first husband's death in 1690 from a wound received at the storming of Cork while leading the forces of William of Orange, the Duchess of Grafton remarried on 14 October 1698 to Sir Thomas Hanmer.
Titles and styles.
On the death of her father in 1685, Isabella succeeded to his titles "suo jure".
Other.
Isabella is one of the Hampton Court Beauties painted by Sir Godfrey Kneller for Queen Mary II.
Isabella walked at the coronation of Queen Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="2924597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924597" title="High school ice hockey in New Jersey">
High school ice hockey in New Jersey

Ice Hockey is a popular and growing sport in New Jersey. Approximately one-hundred sixty one high schools currently field varsity teams, with new teams being formed almost every year. Teams are divided into the following Conferences: Gordon Conference, Big North Conference, New Jersey Ice Hockey League, Morris County Secondary School Ice Hockey League, Union County Ice Hockey League, Skylands Conference, Greater Middlesex Conference, Colonial Valley Conference, Shore Conference, Independents, and Prep Schools. Most of these leagues are divided into divisions. A State Championship Tournament is held at the end of the season by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. http://www.njsiaa.org/SPORTS/Icehockey.aspx
Divisions.
Hockey is one of the few sports in the state with "rolling divisions". The divisions can change every year depending on the performance of the teams and new teams formed. The divisions are arranged by geography and skill level. Typically, the last place team in a higher division will be moved into the lower division, with the first place team of the lower division moving into the higher division.
The current divisions of the various leagues follow.
State Tournament.
The NJSIAA crowns state champions in three categories; Private, Public A, and Public B. Through 1994, public and private schools played in one state tournament; however, private schools dominated the tournament due to their ability to recruit the best players in the state without geographical limitation. Beginning in 1995, the NJSIAA held separate private and public tournaments, crowning a private and public champion, with these champions playing each other for the overall state championship. In 2005, the NJSIAA eliminated the overall state championship game because a public school had won only once, in 1997. Similarly, in 2008, the Public Tournament was divided into A and B categories based on school enrollment as the smaller schools generally were unable to compete with the larger schools. http://www.njhockey.org/
To qualify for the State Tournament, teams must have played a minimum of 10 games and compiled a record of .500 or better record by a date set by the NJSIAA, usually around February 15. Teams within four games of .500 may petition for an at-large selection to the Tournament. The NJSIAA may select a maximum of 3 public and 2 private teams for an at-large birth. All members of the Gordon Conference earn automatic entry to the Private Tournament. http://www.njsiaa.org/SPORTS/Icehockey.aspx
In recent years, Delbarton and Randolph have been the dominant private and public hockey programs in the state. Delbarton has appeared in 13 of the last 19 Private School Championships, winning 8 of the last 12; while Randolph has appeared in 11 of the last 15 Public A Championships (8 of the last 9), winning 7 of the last 11. Coincidentally, these two schools are located just seven miles apart in Morris County. http://www.njhockey.org/
State Championship History.
Public Finals.
Public A
Public B
Private Finals.
Scoring Champions

</doc>
<doc id="2924598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924598" title="Zombie ball">
Zombie ball

The zombie ball is a magic illusion in which a metal sphere on a small pedestal is covered with a silk cloth, and appears to levitate upwards carrying the cloth with it. The magician continues to hold two corners of the cloth. The ball dances and seemingly moves of its own accord.
Routines can involve the magician letting the cloth hang down and the sphere sitting on the top edge, the sphere seemingly floating down behind the magician and back up, appearing behind his arm, and floating so high up the magician has to stand on his tip toes to pull it back down.
The ball then returns to its stand and the cloth is removed.
The effect was invented by magician Joe Karson, in the 1940s.
Method.
The usual way this effect is done is with a rod that clips to the finger, and is hidden from view by the cloth. By simply moving his finger (generally his thumb), the magician can achieve an almost lifelike reaction from the ball. There are several popular moves where the ball appears on the edge of the outstretched cloth, or it levitates upwards under the cloth. All these take a great deal of practice to make it look as though the ball is floating and to time the movements with the music.

</doc>
<doc id="2924618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924618" title="Reading for the Future">
Reading for the Future

Reading for the Future (RFF) is an international group which encourages literacy and reading through the use of speculative fiction. Some regional groups collect new and used books which are then distributed free of charge to schools and libraries. For many rural schools, this is the only way they get new books. 
RFF does not have a central organization but is rather a series of grassroots groups. Developing the Young Reader (DYR) associated with RFF in April 2000. Reading for the Future does have a Web site filled with resources for educators, librarians, home schoolers and parents (website).
Groups.
Regional groups are listed alphabetically. If webpages are known, they are linked.

</doc>
<doc id="2924619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924619" title="Bloomery (disambiguation)">
Bloomery (disambiguation)

Bloomery can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924625" title="The World Famous Pontani Sisters">
The World Famous Pontani Sisters

The World Famous Pontani Sisters are a dance act and burlesque revue based in New York City, consisting of three sisters: Angie Pontani, Tara Pontani, and Helen Pontani. More recently they have been billed at times as "Angie Pontani and the World Famous Pontani Sisters". 
The three sisters, who had danced and performed informally since childhood, got their professional start during the late 1990s swing revival craze, as a side act of the popular swing band The Flying Neutrinos. They have since taken part in burlesque-style performances and revues on the East Coast and throughout the United States. The sisters dance in a wide and eclectic variety of styles covering much of twentieth century dance, but often in a high-energy "go-go" style to instrumental Rock and Roll. The sisters perform in a variety of exotic costumes featuring ostrich feathers, tassels, sequins, and fancy headdresses, many of which they design themselves.
The act was conceived by performer/costume designer/choreographer Angie Pontani, the youngest of the three dancing sisters. She described the beginnings of the act in an interview: "The Pontani Sisters were literally born dancing on the boardwalk in Coney Island. I had been performing in a burlesque show in Manhattan almost direct from high school. When that show closed, I didn't know what to do with myself, so I turned my curtains into costumes, made three headdresses out of my plastic fruit kitchen table centerpiece, threw them on my sisters and we went to Coney Island and danced on the boardwalk. Within a month we were performing four nights a week throughout NYC. It was really kismet."
There is also a younger sister in the family named Dana, who, according to the Pontanis' official website, occasionally performs with her sisters as a singer. 
The sisters have toured Europe and the United States extensively, often with Los Straitjackets. The Pontanis appear on the cover of the Los Straitjackets album "Twist Party!!!", also credited to "Los Straitjackets with the World Famous Pontani Sisters and Kaiser George", and appear on an accompanying DVD. They have performed several times with Los Straitjackets on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". The Pontani Sisters were the subject of a 2004 documentary film by Rebecca Shapiro, "Showy and Five Foot Two."
The Sisters have released two DVDs combining dance instruction with aerobic exercise- "Go-Go Robics" & "Go Go Robics II".
Recently, Angie Pontani has also been performing as a solo artist, and all three World Famous Pontani Sisters have been prominently involved in a movement to save historic Coney Island in New York from developers.
The Pontani Sisters were awarded the title, "Best NY Based Dance Company", in 2002 by Show Business Weekly, "Best Super Hot Dancing Trio", by The Village Voice in 2006 as well as "#1 Burlesque Attraction in the Nation" in 2006 by AOL.com. They currently appear in the weekly long-running show in Manhattan, "This is Burlesque" with drag-King Murray Hill

</doc>
<doc id="2924630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924630" title="Builders Square">
Builders Square

Builders Square was originally a big-box home improvement retailer headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. A subsidiary of Acme, its format was quite similar to Home Depot, Menards and Lowe's with floor space of about . In 1997, a Los Angeles leveraged buyout specialist acquired Builders Square and merged it with Hechinger but the new combined company failed to thrive and all remaining stores ceased business operations by the end of 1999.
The current Builders Square, Inc. operates builderssquare.com as a comparison shopping website for home and garden products. It is headquartered in Edison, New Jersey. 
History.
Beginnings.
The company was founded in February 1970 as Home Centers of America by Frank Denny, an executive who had recently been president of the home center subsidiary of W. R. Grace and Company. Somewhat unusually for the time, Home Centers of America was funded from the beginning as a public stock company. The company opened its first store in San Antonio soon after and eventually operated nine stores, all in Texas, and all operating as Home Pro Warehouse. Home Centers of America was sold to Kmart in July 1984 for $88.2 million (USD). The company and all stores were renamed Builders Square after acquisition, with Mr. Denny continuing as Builders Square company president for several years and overseeing company expansion. By 1997, the chain operated 162 stores in Alabama, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Nevada, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin, and Puerto Rico. However, despite a $700 million investment by its parent company, high-profile sponsorships that included the Alamo Bowl, and celebrity spokespeople such as Darrell Waltrip and Tim Allen, the chain was not able to maintain profitability.
Hechinger and Bankruptcy.
In 1997, Kmart sold the Builders Square chain to Leonard Green & Partners for $10 million. Leonard Green had also recently acquired Hechinger and proceeded to merge Builders Square into Hechinger's Home Quarters division, and many Builders Square stores were rebranded as Home Quarters stores. Hechinger filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in June, 1999. The reorganization effort resulted in closure of a large number of stores and the sale of others to The Home Depot. All remaining Builders Square stores were converted to the Home Quarters brand. However, the reorganization plan was not successful and Hechinger filed for Chapter 7 liquidation in September, 1999. The six locations in Puerto Rico were bought out by Empresas Masso (Masso Enterprises), a local chain of home improvement stores, which in turn sold the stores to The Home Depot in 2000.
Return.
Builders Square re-emerged in 2006 as an online shopping comparison site focused exclusively on the home and garden market after parent company Home Decor Products purchased rights to the Builders Square name. Home Decor Products filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy in April, 2009 and ceased operations, but former executives purchased all assets as a new company, HomeClick, LLC, and revived Builders Square, Inc. and builderssquare.com. The company manages a product catalog of over 5 million items. Builders Square also owns and operates two blogs — The Square Deal and Builders Share.

</doc>
<doc id="2924633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924633" title="Ian Ward (cricketer)">
Ian Ward (cricketer)

Ian James Ward (born 30 September 1972) is a former English cricketer. He was a left-handed opening batsman and an occasional right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Having played for Surrey in 1992 and then been released, he was taken back on the staff in 1997, and was an integral part of the side who won the championship three times between 1999-2002. He moved to Sussex in 2003, still keen to receive a recall to the England squad.
Ward played five Tests for England in the 2001 summer against Pakistan and Australia. After a promising debut innings of 39 against Pakistan he subsequently failed to impress, betraying obvious technical problems which were quickly exploited by the Australian attack. He was duly dropped after three Tests of the Ashes series, never to return to international cricket.
Ward retired from first-class cricket in 2005 to pursue a career as a full-time cricket presenter and commentator, having worked for Sky Sports for the previous two winters.
Ward is now an integral part of the Sky Sports cricket presenting team. Over the 2013 Ashes coverage he anchored the "Ashes Zone", returning to his professional experience as a batsman, demonstrating cricket shots, bowling techniques and field placings. His in-depth analysis won acclaim from counter parts in the media.
He has a son who plays for Ripley.
He was at school in Somerset - Millfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2924641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924641" title="Return of capital">
Return of capital

'"
"Return of capital (ROC) refers to principal payments back to "capital owners" (shareholders, partners, unitholders) that exceed the growth (net income/taxable income) of a business or investment. It should not be confused with Rate of Return (ROR), which measures a gain or loss on an investment. Basically, it is a return of some or all of the initial investment, which reduces the basis on that investment. 
The ROC effectively shrinks the firm's equity in the same way that all distributions do. It is a transfer of value from the company to the owner. In an efficient market, the stock's price will fall by an amount equal to the distribution. Most public companies pay out only a percentage of their income as dividends. In some industries it is common to pay ROC. 
Tax consequences.
There will be tax consequences that are specific to individual countries. As examples only: 
Example.
You start a delivery business with one employee and one contract. Your initial investment of $12,000 goes to buy a vehicle.
At the end of each year:
At the end of four years:
Time value of money.
Some people dismiss ROC (treating it as income) with the argument that the full cash is received and reinvested (by the business or by the shareholder receiving it). It thereby generates more income and compounds. Therefore ROC is not a "real" expense.
There are several problems with this argument.

</doc>
<doc id="2924647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924647" title="WJMP">
WJMP

WJMP AM 1520 is a daytime only radio station licensed to Kent, Ohio and serving the Akron, Ohio radio market. WJMP operates with a maximum power output of 1,000 watts, using a six-tower, daytime-only directional antenna pattern.
WJMP is the Akron affiliate of "Mancow in the Morning", "The Laura Ingraham Show", "The Savage Nation", and "The Dennis Miller Show". AM 1520 also carries CBS Radio newscasts hourly. It is commonly owned with FM station WNIR and low-power television stations WAOH-LP channel 29 Akron and W35AX channel 35 Cleveland, which simulcast together as the Cleveland market's Retro Television Network affiliate.
History.
The station was signed in March 1964 as WKNT, owned by the publisher of the Kent Ravenna "Record-Courier" newspaper. It was purchased by Media-Com, Inc. in July 1971.
WJMP has had a variety of formats over the years, having a history of changing formats to react to changes made by other stations in both the Akron and Cleveland markets.
Prior to affiliating with Fox Sports Radio, WJMP was an Air America Radio affiliate. On June 2006, when Akron's WTOU/WARF dropped Fox Sports Radio for talk radio, WJMP took the sports format abandoned by the Akron station. WARF then added two Air America programs once run on WJMP to its existing talk lineup.
Earlier, in 2001, when Cleveland station WRMR AM 850 announced that it was dropping pop standards music for the sports format of WKNR, WJMP changed to a standards format.
WJMP also has been a talk radio sister station to WNIR, carrying various syndicated talk programs in contrast with WNIR's mainly local schedule of hosts.
It once relayed the TV audio of co-owned WAOH-LP/W35AX, and stunted during the Major League Baseball players' strike of 1994 with a continuous loop of "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" during its daytime broadcast hours. This stunt gained the small station nationwide attention, and an entry in the Guinness Book of Sports Records.
Before March 15, 1989 the station used the callsign WKNT. Until sister WKNT-FM became WNIR, and became a full-time talk radio station in the mid-1980s, WKNT AM 1520 simulcast with the FM station.
On June 8, 2009, WJMP dropped its all-sports format and became a news/talk station featuring such syndicated hosts as Mancow, Laura Ingraham, Michael Savage, and Lou Dobbs (WJMP replaced Dobbs with Dennis Miller following Dobbs leaving radio in 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="2924656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924656" title="One on One (Cheap Trick album)">
One on One (Cheap Trick album)

One on One is Cheap Trick's sixth studio album, and seventh release in general. Produced by Roy Thomas Baker, it was released in 1982 via Epic Records and was the first Cheap Trick album to feature their new bassist Jon Brant.
Background.
Nearly two years after their last LP "All Shook Up", Cheap Trick released an album full of brash, simple rockers. After original bassist Tom Petersson left the group in 1980, he was replaced by Pete Comita. Comita left the group in the early recording stages of "One on One" and was replaced by Jon Brant. Though this was the first album to feature Brant, most of it was recorded without him. Guitarist Rick Nielsen played bass on all but three tracks ("Saturday at Midnight", "If You Want My Love" and "She's Tight"). Brant's face is partially obscured on the front cover. The song "If You Want My Love" is one of Nielsen's favorite songs he has recorded with the group.
Physical copies of the album were out of print for several years (with the exception of Japan), but as of April 6, 2010 it has been reissued along with the following album "Next Position Please" on one CD.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Rick Nielsen, unless otherwise noted.
Remastered versions include an extended version of "If You Want My Love" as a bonus track.
Singles.
The album yielded four singles: "If You Want My Love", "She's Tight", "I Want You" and "Saturday at Midnight." There were promotional videos made for "She's Tight" and "If You Want My Love." Both received heavy rotation on MTV.

</doc>
<doc id="2924659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924659" title="Mengniu Dairy">
Mengniu Dairy

China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (; ) is a manufacturing and distribution company of dairy products and ice cream in the People's Republic of China. The company is based in Inner Mongolia and manufactures dairy products under the "Mengniu" brand.
In July 2009, Mengniu sold a 20% stake to a consortium led by state-owned China National Oils, Foodstuffs and Cereals Corp, China's largest importer and exporter of food. That sale made the state the single largest shareholder.
Mengniu's main competitor in China is Yili Group.
Products.
Mengniu's products include liquid milk products, such as ultra heat treated (UHT) milk, yogurt and milk beverages, ice cream and other dairy products, such as milk powder and milk tablets. During the year that ended 31 December 2005, the company operated 14 production bases with an aggregate annual production capacity of 2.78 million tons. China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited's operates in three segments: the liquid milk products segment, which manufactures and distributes processed UHT milk, milk beverages and yogurt; the ice cream products segment, which manufactures and distributes ice cream products, and the other dairy products segment, which manufactures and distributes processed milk powder and milk tablets products. The name Mengniu literally means 'Mongolian cow'.
History.
The owner and founder of Mengniu is Mr Niu Gensheng, a former employee of Yili, another Inner Mongolian dairy giant which is now "Mengniu"'s largest competitor. He started the company in 1999, and the company's textbook growth has swept the country by storm.
Advertising.
The company is a leading manufacturer of milk, yogurt and other dairy products in mainland China, partly due to its high-profile advertising campaigns. One such campaign advertised ""special milk for China's astronauts"" after the successful launches of the Shenzhou 5 and Shenzhou 6 spacecraft(in fact the company sponsors the Chinese space program), and Mengniu also sponsored the popular "SuperGirl" contest. "SuperGirl" Zhang Hanyun (aka "Baby Zhang") became associated with "Mengnius brand, appearing in Mengniu's commercials, which became instrumental in her elevation to fame. In marketing campaigns, it also uses the slogan "中國牛 世界牛 蒙牛", which metaphorically means "Mengniu will be outstanding in Inner Mongolia, be outstanding in China and world". The company, which has always been privately owned, has now become a symbol of entrepreneurship in China.
2008 Chinese milk scandal.
Mengniu was among those named for having milk powder samples which tested positive for melamine. The company recalled tainted milk powders and apologised to the public. Trading in Mengniu shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was suspended on 17 September. Shares in other dairy companies fell strongly the next day. On discovery that their liquid milk was also contaminated, Mengniu was stripped of its status as 'Chinese national brands'. "This is not a situation of somebody innocently cheating just to try to make a little more money," said John Eldred, managing partner of law firm Keller and Heckman LLP in Shanghai. "They are doing it with an eye toward knowing they are cheating and knowing they are risking the health of the people who are using their products." The Washington-based firm specializes in food and drug regulation.
Mengniu, whose products tested negative in Hong Kong government tests, was immediately de-listed by supermarket chains after tests showed that contaminated samples had been found on the mainland. Mengniu's CFO attempted to reassure consumers by offering a no-quibble refund on all products, and by drinking liquid milk in front of reporters. He also said that its export products were less likely to be contaminated. This comment spurred accusations on Internet bulletin boards that the company's preferential export policies was because it thought Chinese lives were cheaper than foreigners'.
In 2011 Mengniu Dairy stated that moldy cattle feed led to excessive toxin levels in its milk.
Mengniu Arla.
In 2006, China Mengniu Co. Ltd teamed up with Arla Foods, the largest producer of dairy products in Scandinavia, to produce and distribute solid milk products in China, including Hong Kong and Macau. The Chinese dairy products maker said it would hold 50 percent of the venture, while Arla Foods would own 48 percent. The joint venture company was named Mengniu Arla.
On 17 September 2008, Arla Foods issued a statement on the company's web site, Mengniu Dairy, its Chinese joint venture partner, whose products have tested positive for melamine, and subsequently have been recalled and production at Mengniu Arla's milk powder factory has been temporarily suspended.
CEO Peder Tuborgh, Arla Foods, said: "The situation is extremely distressing for all the families who need milk of the highest quality to feed their children. It is extremely important that we get to the bottom of the problem so that consumers' safety can be guaranteed and confidence in the Chinese dairy industry maintained, together with Mengniu and the authorities, we're doing everything we can to safeguard quality."

</doc>
<doc id="2924663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924663" title="Andrea Carandini">
Andrea Carandini

Count Andrea Carandini (born 1937) is an Italian professor of archaeology specialising in ancient Rome. Among his many excavations is the villa of Settefinestre. 
Biography.
The son of Italian diplomat Count Nicolò Carandini (1896–1972), Andrea was born in Rome and has been teaching archaeology at the University of Rome La Sapienza before retiring. His research is focused on the topography of ancient Rome, Etruria in the Roman period and the analysis of monumental complexes in various cities in Italy (Volterra, Grumentum, Pompeii, and Veii). Since 1993 he has coordinated a project in Rome's "suburbium" and the Tiber valley in conjunction with the Soprintendenza Archeologica and the Sovrintendenza Comunale di Roma. He continues to direct the excavations of the north slope of the Palatine Hill in Rome where important discoveries relating to the earliest city of Rome have been made, including the discovery of the famous Palatine wall in 1988 (cf. "New York Times" June 10, 1988). 
In the 1990s Carandini was also involved in the excavation of the Auditorium site in Rome, a substantial domestic structure dating to the fifth century B.C.; it is most likely to have been the monumental residence of an important clan ("gens"). Some of his views on the historicity of Romulus are controversial. Carandini was a student of Ranuccio Bianchi Bandinelli.

</doc>
<doc id="2924666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924666" title="Hong Kong People's Alliance on WTO">
Hong Kong People's Alliance on WTO

The Hong Kong People’s Alliance on WTO (Traditional Chinese: 民間監察世貿聯盟; often abbreviated as HKPA) is a grassroots organization that aimed to protest at the WTO Ministerial Conference of 2005 which was held in Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre in Wan Chai North on 13–18 December 2005.
Representatives for 148 countries attended and HKPAOWTO aimed to lead over 10000 people in protests.
Background.
Launched on 22 September 2004, the HKPA is a network of grass-root organizations which include trade unions, community labour groups and organisations that represent migrant workers, students, women, church, human rights, research organisations and regional organisations that are based locally in Hong Kong.
At present, the HKPA has 31 organisations which include regional groups like: Asian Student Association (ASA), Documentation for Action Groups in Asia (DAGA), Christian Conference of Asia: Urban Rural Mission (CCA-URM), and Asia Monitor Resource Centre (AMRC).
Local groups are the following: The Neighbourhood and Workers Service Centre, The Pioneer, Union of Hong Kong Post Office Employees, Association of Government Technical And Survey Officers, Frontline Welfare Employees Union, Globalization Monitor, Global Network, Government Mod 1 Staff General Union, Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions (HKCTU), Consumers Acting for People & the Environment, Justice and Peace Commission of the Hong Kong Catholic Diocese, Student Christian Movement of Hong Kong.
There are also member groups of or organizations working on migrant workers, namely: Asia Pacific Mission for Migrants (APMM), Asian Migrants Centre, Asian Migrants Coordinating Body (AMCB), Coalition for Migrants Right (CMR), Far East Overseas Nepalese Association- Hong Kong (FEONA-HK), Indonesian Migrants Workers Union (IMWU), Philippines Domestic Helpers General Union (PDHGU), and The Hong Kong Indonesian Migrant Workers Organization (KOTKIHO).
Action towards WTO during 2005.
People's Action Week Programme: December 8–18
Sunday, 11 December
1:00pm, Victoria Park
Sunday, 11 December
8:00pm, Victoria Park
Tuesday, 13 December
1:00pm, Victoria Park
Sunday, 18 December
2:00pm, Victoria Park
Working Groups.
HKPA is made up of 8 working groups.
The Action and Mobilization Group (AMG) is responsible for organizing the public rallies during the action week in December . Since many local groups and overseas groups will join the rallies, however, it is very likely that the Hong Kong authorities will stigmatize the rallies in the media and also impose violence on the demonstrators. AMG is therefore responsible for networking with Human Rights groups to defend the freedom of assembly and the rights of free from violence imposed by the police. AMG will also try to form team of legal consultants to provide legal advice for demonstrators who come across maltreatment from the HK authority.
The Documentation Group (DG) is responsible for providing other people with information on the WTO and the HKPA, in terms of position papers and activities. On the other hand, DG will also document the process between now and the WTO’s ministerial meeting in HK in Dec.
Education and Local Mobilization Group
responsible for providing education on the impacts of WTO to the Hong Kong public. To fulfill this task, it has to contextualize the analysis of the impact of WTO on the livelihood of the Hong Kong. The Education and Local Mobilization Group is also responsible for mobilizing the public to participate in the global justice campaign.
Hong Kong Government Monitoring
Monitor the Government (MGG) is responsible for urging the government to release the information of the WTO negotiation and defending the rights and interest of the grass root group during the negotiation with the government.
Firstly, the Logistic and Fund Raising Group (LFRG) is responsible for raising funds for Action Week and education/mobilization activities. Secondly, LFRG is responsible for mobilizing volunteers from different network and local organization for the Action week (include interpreters). Lastly, LFRG will provide logistic support for activities during action week.
responsible for projecting the image and position of HKPA to HK media through media statements, activities and mass actions.
Outreach Group (OG) is responsible for expanding the international network of HKPA and establishing contact with groups those are under-represented in ICN in terms of the issues they concerned or the geographical area they come from.
Programme Group
Brief Description
Programme Group (PG) is responsible for developing content and design of maximum impact through collective action for the centralized Opening and Closing Plenary. On the other hand, PG will also coordinate all the information about on-going/planned activities for the Action week and produce a calendar of consolidated activities on the theme and sectors for each day.

</doc>
<doc id="2924680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924680" title="South Pacific">
South Pacific

South Pacific may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924682" title="James Ormond">
James Ormond

James "Jimmy" Ormond (born 20 August 1977, Coventry, England) is a former English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler although he has also bowled off-spin in his second and final Test match against India in Mohali.
James grew up playing club cricket at Corley CC and established himself as a hard hitting fast bowling all rounder creating batting as well as bowling records. He also played a few games for rivals Fillongley CC and memorably felled Fillongley stalwart Geoff Myton, who was innocently standing at second slip.
Ormond made his first-class debut in 1995 for Leicestershire County Cricket Club and played a part in the successful championship seasons of 1996 and 1998. Ormond had several consistent seasons at Leicestershire which saw him get rewarded with representation for England at Under-19 level and places on England A tours of Kenya and Sri Lanka.
Ormond eventually made his full Test debut against Australia in 2001. He was then picked for the tour of India where he played his second and final Test match. His two Test wickets were Ricky Ponting and Rahul Dravid, who both went on to score 12,000 Test runs. He was ostensibly dropped for lack of form, though many suspected that new coach Duncan Fletcher's obsession with fitness actually led to his being culled from the squad. 
After he returned to England he moved from Leicestershire to Surrey, where he won another county championship title in his first season. He remained at the club until the end of the 2009 season when he was released.
Controversies.
Ormond was involved in a notable piece of sledging; when, in a Test match against Australia in 2001, Mark Waugh asked him, "Mate, what are you doing out here? There's no way you're good enough to play for England." Ormond replied "Maybe not, but at least I'm the best player in my own family", a reference to Waugh's brother Steve, who was the captain of the Australian team.
Ormond, "fond of a fag and a few beers after close of play", was criticised for being overweight while an England player.

</doc>
<doc id="2924683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924683" title="WNIR (FM)">
WNIR (FM)

WNIR (100.1 FM) – branded WNIR 100 FM – is a commercial talk radio station licensed to Kent, Ohio, serving the Akron metro area. Owned by Media-Com, Inc., the station is the local affiliate for programs hosted by nationally syndicated personalities Jim Bohannon and Mike Gallagher. The WNIR studios are located in Franklin Township, while the station transmitter resides in Kent. In addition to a standard analog transmission, WNIR is available online.
History.
The station began on February 19, 1962, as WKNT-FM. It shared the call letters with its sister AM station WKNT/1520 (now WJMP) which signed on two years later, and most programming was simulcast on both stations. The stations were owned by the publisher of the Kent Ravenna "Record-Courier" newspaper and primarily served the Portage County area with an adult contemporary format.
The stations were purchased in 1972 by Media-Com, Inc., a family-owned business headed by Richard Klaus. Klaus lured a young Howie Chizek from Youngstown to man a five-hour midday talk show, changing the station's history forever. The call sign for the FM station was changed to WNIR on April 19, 1979, and it was branded Winner 100. Eventually, the AC music was dropped, and the station became all talk, adding Joe Finan in late afternoons in 1985 to replace a "GameRadio" afternoon drive show, hosted by Bob Roberts and Joey Harper.
A cult favorite of the late 1980s and early 1990s was WNIR's "Dating Show". The program was hosted nightly by Jim Albright. Albright would pick one "contestant" from the phone lines and talk to that person about their life for about 10 minutes. At the end of the conversation, Albright would ask late-night listeners of the opposite sex if they would like to meet the contestant. He would then answer, often live on the air, potential "date" calls. Jim Albright would sort through the prank calls and pick three potential dates for the contestant. After some talking back and forth, the contestant would pick a date and exchange phone numbers off the air.
Howie Chizek (1947–2012) was Northeast Ohio's "Dean of talk radio" with multiple #1 rankings for over 38 years. Chizek died June 17, 2012, in Florida at the start of his annual trip to Disney World with underprivileged children. Joe Finan retired in December 2004 and was replaced by former Cleveland Browns player Bob Golic. WNIR remains unique in this day and age dominated by corporate syndicated radio - live local programming from morning to night.
WNIR began internet audio streaming of its programming on January 2, 2009, and launched an improved website. On January 14, 2011, a WNIR app for the iPhone is now available. WNIR announced that an app for the Droid and Blackberry will follow soon.
MediaCom was founded by Richard "Dick" Klaus, who died on January 28, 2006, at the age of 86. Sons Robert and William continue today with the family ownership and management of the station.
"Inside Radio" noted that, during Summer 2005, WNIR was the highest rated FM talk station in America in terms of market rank and market share.
Current programming.
When WNIR became a talk station in the 1970s, it was unusual in that it is an FM talk station, whereas most talk stations were AM. Now, talk stations on FM are fairly common, many of them aimed at younger audiences. However, WNIR has always operated as more of a traditional, AM-style talk radio station with hourly newscasts and an affiliation with ABC Radio. WNIR does not broadcast in stereo.
WNIR's weekday schedule consists primarily of locally hosted programming. The station airs "The Morning Buzz" during morning drive time with Chris Fox, Angela Bellios, Steve French and Phil Ferguson. Long time morning host Stan Piatt retired in September 2013, the same month that Maggie Fuller resigned. Former Cleveland Browns Pro Bowl nose tackle Bob Golic hosts the afternoon drive show.
Longtime WNIR voice Tom Erickson was heard in the evenings until his death in 2012. Longtime NE Ohio radio personality and newspaper writer Jim Isabella was then brought in to fill the timeslot.
Longtime midday host Howie Chizek died in June 2012. After a couple of months of guest hosts filling the midday slot, on August 10, 2012, longtime Chizek show caller John "Couch Burner" Denning became the new full-time midday host. Overnight programming consists of nationally syndicated shows hosted by Jim Bohannon (from Dial Global) and Mike Gallagher (from Salem Radio Network) respectively.
The station's weekday personalities also host Saturday programs until 7 p.m. Long-time fill-in host Bob Earley hosted a live, local weekend show until he resigned in February 2014.
It was announced on June 3, 2011, that longtime Morning Show newsman Jim Midock was retiring from WNIR due to health reasons, but remains with the station hosting the Midock Minute featuring interviews with various local WNIR sponsors.

</doc>
<doc id="2924688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924688" title="Adelphi Charter">
Adelphi Charter

The Adelphi Charter on Creativity, Innovation and Intellectual Property is the result of a project commissioned by the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures & Commerce, London, UK, and is intended as a positive statement of what good intellectual property policy is. The Charter was issued on 13 October 2005.
The Charter has subsequently influenced thinking on Intellectual Property Law, and in particular, heavily influenced a subsequent copyright manifesto Copyright for Creativity - A Declaration for Europe.
Adelphi Charter on Creativity, Innovation and Intellectual Property.
The Adelphi Charter reads:
Humanity’s capacity to generate new ideas and knowledge is its greatest asset. It is the source of art, science, innovation and economic development. Without it, individuals and societies stagnate.
This creative imagination requires access to the ideas, learning and culture of others, past and present. And, in the future, others will use what we have done.
Human rights call on us to ensure that everyone can create, access, use and share information and knowledge, enabling individuals, communities and societies to achieve their full potential.
Creativity and investment should be recognised and rewarded. The purpose of intellectual property law (such as copyright and patents) should be, now as it was in the past, to ensure both the sharing of knowledge and the rewarding of innovation.
The expansion in the law’s breadth, scope and term over the last 30 years has resulted in an intellectual property regime which is radically out of line with modern technological, economic and social trends. This disconnect threatens the chain of creativity and innovation on which we and future generations depend.
We therefore call upon governments and the international community to adopt these principles: 
RSA, Adelphi, London, 13 October 2005
Authors of the Charter.
The Charter was prepared by an International Commission of experts from the arts, creative industries, human rights, law, economics, science, R&D, technology, the public sector and education.
Commission members at the time of publishing included;
The Director was John Howkins and the Research Coordinator Dr Jaime Stapleton [http://www.jaimestapleton.net.
External links.
"Official"

</doc>
<doc id="2924696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924696" title="Sawyer International Airport">
Sawyer International Airport

Sawyer International Airport is a county owned, public use airport in Marquette County, Michigan, United States. It is located south of the central business district of the City of Marquette.
This commercial and general aviation airport is located near Gwinn, Michigan, on a portion of the former K. I. Sawyer Air Force Base, which closed in September 1995. The airport opened for passenger service in September 1999, serving Marquette and the surrounding area. It replaced the former Marquette County Airport which closed the same year.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned SAW by the FAA and MQT by the IATA (which assigned SAW to Sabiha Gökçen International Airport in Istanbul, Turkey). The airport's ICAO identifier is KSAW.
Facilities and aircraft.
Sawyer International Airport covers an area of . It has a single asphalt/concrete runway, 12,370 by 150 feet (3,770 x 46 m), originally re-designed in 1959 to accommodate B-52 bombers and KC-135 tankers.
For 12-month period ending December 31, 2011, the airport had 21,345 aircraft operations (a decrease from 22,515 operations in 2008), an average of 58 per day: 49% general aviation, 49% air taxi, 2% military, and <1% scheduled commercial. There are 45 aircraft based at this airport: 87% single-engine, 11% multi-engine, and 2% helicopter.
There is an industrial park, the Telkite Technology Park, adjacent to the airport, with of land and of space in a Michigan Renaissance Zone, which exempts the tenant or owner from the majority of state and local taxes.
The airport is home to the Marquette County Aviation Wall of Honor which features many influential pilots and engineers.
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines offer scheduled passenger service at this airport:

</doc>
<doc id="2924697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924697" title="Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt">
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt

Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt or transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic stent shunting (commonly abbreviated as TIPS or TIPSS) is an artificial channel within the liver that establishes communication between the inflow portal vein and the outflow hepatic vein. It is used to treat portal hypertension (which is often due to liver cirrhosis) which frequently leads to intestinal bleeding, life-threatening esophageal bleeding (esophageal varices) and the buildup of fluid within the abdomen (ascites). 
An interventional radiologist creates the shunt using an image-guided endovascular (via the blood vessels) approach, with the jugular vein as the usual entry site. 
The procedure was first described by Josef Rösch in 1969 at Oregon Health and Science University. It was first used in a human patient by Dr. Ronald Colapinto, of the University of Toronto, in 1982, but did not become reproducibly successful until the development of endovascular stents in 1985. In 1988 the first successful TIPS was realized by M. Rössle, G.M. Richter, G. Nöldge and J. Palmaz at the University of Freiburg. The procedure has since become widely accepted as the preferred method for treating portal hypertension that is refractory to medical therapy, replacing the surgical portocaval shunt in that role.
Mechanism of action.
A TIPS decreases the effective vascular resistance of the liver. The result is a reduced pressure drop over the liver and a decreased portal venous pressure. This, in turn, lessens the pressure on the blood vessels in the intestine so that future bleeding is less likely to occur. The reduced pressure also makes less fluid develop, although this benefit may take weeks or months to occur.
Implantation.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunts are typically placed by an interventional radiologist under fluoroscopic guidance. Access to the liver is gained, as the name "transjugular" suggests, via the internal jugular vein in the neck. Once access to the jugular vein is confirmed, a guidewire and introducer sheath are typically placed to facilitate the shunt's placement. This enables the interventional radiologist to gain access to the patient's hepatic vein by traveling from the superior vena cava into the inferior vena cava and finally the hepatic vein. Once the catheter is in the hepatic vein, a wedge pressure is obtained to calculate the pressure gradient in the liver. Following this, carbon dioxide is injected to locate the portal vein. Then a special needle known as a Colapinto is advanced through the liver parenchyma to connect the hepatic vein to the large portal vein, near the center of the liver. The channel for the shunt is next created by inflating an angioplasty balloon within the liver along the tract created by the needle. The shunt is completed by placing a special mesh tube known as a stent or endograft to maintain the tract between the higher pressure portal vein and the lower pressure hepatic vein. After the procedure, fluoroscopic images are made to show placement. Pressure measurements in the portal vein and inferior vena cava are often done.
Use in hepatorenal syndrome.
TIPS has shown some promise for patients with hepatorenal syndrome.
Complications.
Procedural complications during a TIPS procedure, including bleeding and direct injury to the liver, are uncommon. In the hands of an experienced physician, operative mortality is less than 1%. On the other hand, because TIPS reduces or eliminates first-pass clearance of nitrogen from the gut, up to 25% of patients who undergo TIPS will experience transient post-operative hepatic encephalopathy. In general, this can be managed with a reduction in dietary protein and medication that reduces the absorption of nitrogen. 
A less common but more difficult complication is hepatic ischemia. Portal hypertension—the condition shared by all TIPS patients regardless of etiology—generally causes compensatory hypertrophy of the hepatic artery and a decreased reliance of the liver upon the portal vein for its oxygenation. For this reason, shunting of the portal blood away from hepatocytes is usually well tolerated. In some cases, however, TIPS creation can cause an ischemic injury to the liver. Acute hepatic dysfunction after TIPS may require emergent closure of the shunt.
A complication of umbilical hernia has been recently reported.

</doc>
<doc id="2924699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924699" title="Brian McGrattan">
Brian McGrattan

Brian McGrattan (born September 2, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was a fourth round selection of the Los Angeles Kings, 104th overall, at the 1999 NHL Entry Draft but never signed with the team. He signed with the Ottawa Senators organization in 2002 and made his NHL debut with the team three years later. McGrattan has also played with the Phoenix Coyotes and Nashville Predators and, as a career journeyman, with five American Hockey League (AHL) teams. An enforcer, he holds the AHL record for most penalty minutes in one season with 551, set in 2004–05 with the Binghamton Senators. McGrattan overcame an alcohol abuse problem that plagued him early in his career and has become a partner with the NHL's substance abuse program and mentor to fellow players.
Playing career.
Junior.
A native of Hamilton, Ontario, McGrattan played minor hockey in the city where he was one of his teams' best scorers before moving to Toronto to play bantam and junior hockey. He played five seasons in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) between 1997 and 2002. He appeared in 25 games with the Guelph Storm in 1997–98, and although he did not appear in any playoff games, he was a member of the Storm's J. Ross Robertson Cup winning team as OHL champions. After only six games with Guelph the following season, McGrattan was sent to the Sudbury Wolves where he recorded 153 penalties in minutes (PIM) in 53 games to go along with 17 points. He followed that season up by scoring 32 points and recording 245 PIM in 1999–2000 in a season split between Sudbury and the Mississauga IceDogs. 
Playing the entire 2000–01 season with Mississauga, McGrattan led the IceDogs with 20 goals despite playing only 31 games. He missed the majority of the season after suffering a knee injury in a January 1, 2001, game against the Kingston Frontenacs. He began the 2001–02 OHL season as Mississauga's captain, but was traded to the Owen Sound Attack in October 2001, then to the Oshawa Generals a few days later. He was traded again, to the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds in January 2002. Split between the four teams, McGrattan appeared in 60 games, scored 20 goals and 35 points, and had 159 PIM.
Ottawa Senators.
McGrattan was selected by the Los Angeles Kings in the fourth round, 104th overall, of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, but the Kings opted not to sign him to a contract following his knee injury. He attended the Detroit Red Wings' development camp prior to the 2001–02 season, before signing a contract with the Ottawa Senators on June 2, 2002. He spent three seasons in the American Hockey League (AHL) with Ottawa's affiliate, the Binghamton Senators. McGrattan scored his first professional point on October 11, 2002, against the Bridgeport Sound Tigers; an assist on a Jeff Ulmer goal that also stood as the first goal in Binghamton's history. 
Due to his size, McGrattan believed his best chance of making it to the NHL was as an enforcer. Dennis Bonvie, the all-time penalty leader in professional hockey, taught him to be a better fighter while the two were teammates in Binghamton. After posting 173 PIM in 2002–03, McGrattan finished second in the AHL with 327 in 2003–04. He then set an AHL single-season record for penalties with 551 in 2004–05. 
Having established himself as an enforcer, and with the Senators seeking to add physical toughness to their lineup, McGrattan earned a spot on Ottawa's roster for the 2005–06 season. He appeared in 60 games with Ottawa where he recorded five points and 141 PIM. McGrattan scored his first NHL goal on November 19, 2005, against goaltender Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils, and led the league with 19 fights. His most famous battle came against Tie Domi of the Toronto Maple Leafs. McGrattan knocked his opponent down with one punch, which the "Toronto Star" called Domi's "most decisive loss in 10 years".
His role with the team diminished over the following two seasons, as McGrattan appeared in only 45 games in 2006–07 and 38 in 2007–08. He had only five points and 146 PIM combined between the two seasons. McGrattan made headlines midway through the 2007–08 campaign when he fought teammate and goaltender Ray Emery – himself a noted fighter – in practice. McGrattan's on-ice performance had suffered over time in Ottawa as a result of a worsening drinking problem he had developed beginning early in his career with Binghamton.
Phoenix, Calgary and Nashville.
The Senators struggled late in the 2007–08 season, leading general manager Bryan Murray to make changes to the team. Both Emery and McGrattan were sent from Ottawa in separate transactions. McGrattan, a pending free agent, was traded to the Phoenix Coyotes on June 25, 2008, in exchange for a fifth round draft pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. The Coyotes subsequently signed him to a one-year contract for the 2008–09 season. However, he played only three games with Phoenix before he voluntarily entered the league's substance abuse program. McGrattan's struggles with alcohol abuse reached its lowest point and he spent over two months at an Arizona rehab centre as he worked toward changing his life. He returned to the Coyotes late in the season but played only two additional games before he suffered a shoulder injury that required surgery to repair.
McGrattan was six months sober when he signed with the Calgary Flames for the 2009–10 season. He recorded his first career "Gordie Howe hat trick" – a goal, assist and fight – on October 16, 2009, in a 5–3 victory over the Vancouver Canucks. The goal was his first NHL marker in three years. He added only two assists to finish with four points in 34 games. McGrattan also fought 14 times and was allowed to go to free agency following the season.
McGrattan attended the Boston Bruins camp on a try-out basis, and earned a one-year contract with the team. He was assigned to the Providence Bruins to begin the 2010–11 season and spent the entire campaign in the AHL. The Bruins traded him to the Anaheim Ducks, along with Sean Zimmerman, in exchange for David Laliberte and Stefan Chaput on February 27, 2011. He was assigned to the Syracuse Crunch, where he set a franchise record for shots in one game with 13 in a March 12 game against the Rochester Americans. McGrattan scored 10 goals combined between Providence and Syracuse, the highest single-season total of his AHL career.
After beginning the 2011–12 NHL season in the Ducks' organization, McGrattan was claimed off waivers by the Nashville Predators on October 11, 2011. The transaction resurrected his NHL career and earned praise from his former teammates who praised him as being a "great guy" and a hard worker. McGrattan appeared in 30 games for Nashville, including his 200th career game on December 8 against the Columbus Blue Jackets. After two games with the Predators in the lockout-shortened 2012–13 season, McGrattan was assigned to the AHL's Milwaukee Admirals. 
After only six games in Milwaukee, McGrattan was traded back to the Flames, in exchange for Joe Piskula, on February 28, 2013. McGrattan's positive influence in the locker room as a player always prepared to play was cited as a reason why Calgary re-acquired him. The Flames also expected he would add a physical presence to the team, which he did in his re-debut with the Flames, a 4–2 victory over Vancouver that included several hits and a fight with Tom Sestito – his first NHL fight in over a year. He gave the crowd a salute following the fight, sending the fans into a frenzy and earning a ten-minute misconduct. He finished the season with three goals and 49 PIM in 19 games with the Flames, and earned a two-year contract extension from the team.
McGrattan was a regular in the Flames lineup throughout 2013–14. He set career highs in games played (76), goals (4) and points (8) in a season. He appeared in his 300th NHL game late in the campaign. Though best known for his fighting skills, McGrattan played a prominent role as a peacekeeper during a January 18, 2014, incident between the Flames and Canucks. Vancouver coach John Tortorella, upset over a line brawl between the two teams at the start of the game, attempted to accost Calgary's coach Bob Hartley in the hallway between the two team's locker rooms during the first intermission. McGrattan stepped between Tortorella and members of the Flames to ensure that the dispute did not develop into a violent altercation.
Personal life.
McGrattan married his wife Michelle in 2012. His nickname is "Big Ern", after the Bill Murray character "Big Ern McCracken" in the movie "Kingpin". 
Sober for four years by the time he began his second tenure with the Flames in 2013, McGrattan had also become a mentor and friend to former Nashville teammate Jordin Tootoo in his own efforts to overcome similar addictions. McGrattan's experiences led to a desire to help others; he partnered with the NHL substance abuse program to act as a mentor for others who wanted the advice of a fellow player, and plans to spend his off-seasons earning a university degree in addiction counseling. McGrattan is also an advocate for anti-bullying charities and volunteers with Be The Game, a camp that supports underprivileged kids.

</doc>
<doc id="2924704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924704" title="Frank Gasparro">
Frank Gasparro

Frank Gasparro (August 26, 1909 – September 29, 2001) was the tenth Chief Engraver of the United States Mint, holding this position from February 23, 1965 to January 16, 1981. Before that, he was Assistant Engraver. He designed both sides of the Susan B. Anthony dollar, both sides of the Eisenhower Dollar (with the exception of the Bicentennial issue of 1976), the Lincoln Memorial reverse of the cent (minted from 1959 to 2008), and the reverse of the Kennedy half dollar. Signature: FG
Birth and early life.
Gasparro was born in Philadelphia on August 26, 1909. His musician father wanted his son to continue in the family profession and would rip up drawings he made out of frustration. His father ultimately relented and had Gasparro apprentice under sculptor 
Giuseppe Donato, who had earlier worked for Auguste Rodin. He attended the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and traveled to Europe with the aid of scholarships that allowed him to refine his craft.
First job.
He was hired by the United States Mint in December 1942 under Chief Engraver John R. Sinnock. Gasparro's first major successful coin design was his redesign of the reverse of the Lincoln cent as part of the 150th anniversary of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, while he was Assistant Engraver at the Philadelphia Mint. Gasparro's design was selected from a group of 23 designs prepared by the Mint's engraving staff to replace the Wheat cent produced by the Mint from 1909 to 1958. His original design included the words "Lincoln Memorial" and 13 stars around the rim of the coin, which he removed at the request of staff at the Mint. Despite the complaints of his superiors, the design retained his initials to the right of the monument as well as the image of Lincoln seated in the monument, making it the first American coin to have the same likeness on both sides of the coin. Gasparro would often tell cashiers that he had designed the back of the penny and when asked what he had designed as a sculptor would reply "it's in your pocket". By the time of his death, Gasparro's design had appeared on the more than 100 billion pennies produced by the Mint.
The Susan B. Anthony dollar.
Asked to produce a design for the Susan B. Anthony dollar, Gasparro was able to find two photos of women's suffrage leader, one at age 28 and the other when she was 84. He initially chose the portrait of the younger Anthony, but widespread consensus was that the design made her look too pretty. His design using the older photo was accepted. While Gasparro felt that the Anthony dollar was his "top achievement", the coin was largely rejected by the public, which complained that the coin was too similar to the Washington Quarter.
Later life.
The Mint's Chief Engraver from 1965 to 1981, Gasparro also created designs for the reverse of the Kennedy half dollar, for which he took painstaking attention to the details of the design of the Seal of the President of the United States, making the words "E pluribus unum" more prominent. Other designs by Gasparro included medals for Winston Churchill, Albert Gallatin, Douglas MacArthur and Sam Rayburn, along with the presidential medals for all Presidents from Lyndon B. Johnson to Ronald Reagan and numerous foreign coins produced by the Mint. One of his best known works was the obverse of the Congressional gold medal for John Wayne, widely bought by the public in bronze.
Retirement.
After his retirement from the mint he continued to design medals for both private and public groups. He also taught art at Philadelphia's Samuel S. Fleisher Art Memorial until shortly before his death.
Death.
Gasparro died at age 92 on September 29, 2001, in Havertown, Pennsylvania. He was survived by his wife, Julia, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2924711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924711" title="The Spizzwinks">
The Spizzwinks

The Spizzwinks, stylized as the The Spizzwinks(?), are an a cappella singing group of male students from Yale University. Founded in late 1913, the Spizzwinks(?) are the oldest underclassman a cappella group in the United States, dating back to a first performance in early 1914.
Composed of eighteen college-aged men, the Spizzwinks perform internationally, touring to every continent within a three-year term. The group is also a 501(c)(3) organization, meaning that the group is a non-profit organization. 
History.
In 1913, four young men met at Mory's Temple Bar, Yale's historic tavern, to create a light-hearted alternative to the more serious Whiffenpoofs (another a cappella singing group). They decided upon the "Spizzwinks," a reference to a mythical creature to which the Corn Blight of 1906 had been whimsically attributed. Because the editor of the Yale Banner was unsure how to spell the fledgling group's name, he added a question mark in parentheses to the headline announcing its foundation. The group liked the look of "Spizzwinks(?)" and has officially adopted the symbol as both a part of its name and as a logo.
Music and Humor.
The Spizzwinks' repertoire comprises music arranged entirely by current and former members of the group, including a mixture of traditional Yale songs, songs by composers such as George Gershwin, Cole Porter, Leonard Bernstein, and more modern artists like Queen, MIKA, fun., Adele, and Justin Timberlake. The group values a signature "laugh of loud" humor, and a typical concert includes a variety of skits and other comedy.
Each year, the Yale Spizzwinks(?) perform over 100 concerts across the nation and around the world, typically in tuxedos or tails. They have performed at the White House, Madison Square Garden, Carnegie Hall, and professional sporting events, as well as at country clubs, yacht clubs, churches, schools, and resorts. The group sells CDs and other merchandise to raise funds for their touring, as they are completely self-funded.

</doc>
<doc id="2924714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924714" title="Michel Gagné">
Michel Gagné

Michel Gagné (born 1965, Roberval, Quebec) is a Canadian cartoonist.
Film.
Gagné studied Classical Animation at Sheridan College and worked for Sullivan Bluth Studios for six years, working on such films as "An American Tail", "The Land Before Time", "All Dogs Go to Heaven", "Rock-A-Doodle", and "A Troll in Central Park". While at Bluth's company, Gagné worked on his own short film, "Prelude to Eden", which was nominated for an Annie Award in 1996.
After leaving Bluth, Gagné moved around and eventually settled at Warner Bros.' animation studio, where he worked on such films as "Quest for Camelot", "The Iron Giant", and "Osmosis Jones". More recently, Gagné designed the special effects for the Cartoon Network series "". He has also occasionally worked for Disney and Pixar. His short films, "Sensology", was short listed for an Academy Award in 2010.
His graphic novel, "The Saga of Rex", is currently being adapted into an animated feature-length film by Gagné himself and Belgian animation and visual effects studio, Grid VFX/Animation.
"Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet".
Gagné has also finished his first video game, "Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet", a 2D side-scrolling shooter game which was released August 3, 2011 on Xbox Live Arcade as part of the XBLA Summer of Arcade promotion.
Published Work.
Gagné has also made a name for himself in comics and illustrated fiction. His first book, "A Search for Meaning: The Story of Rex", was self-published in 1998. Several more books followed. Gagné also created a Batman story, "Batman: Spore", which was serialized in "Detective Comics" #776-780 (January–May 2003). His comic story, "The Saga of Rex" was serialized in the comics anthology "Flight" volume 2-7 (2005-2010), and later collected as a complete graphic novel, published by Image Comics in October 2010. He has produced a 10-issue comic book series, "ZED" (2001-2013), which was collected and published by Image Comics in 2013 as, "ZED: A Cosmic Tale". He is also well known for his work as an artist for the card game Xeko

</doc>
<doc id="2924717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924717" title="WRWJ">
WRWJ

WRWJ is a Southern Gospel and Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Murrysville, Pennsylvania, serving Murrysville, Plum, and Vandergrift, all in Pennsylvania.
WRWJ broadcasts the "He's Alive" Radio Network, which originates from Grantsville, Maryland and flagship station WAIJ. WRWJ is owned and operated by He's Alive, Inc.
External links.
<BR STYLE="CLEAR:BOTH">

</doc>
<doc id="2924722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924722" title="Writ (website)">
Writ (website)

Writ is a legal commentary website on the topic of the law of the United States hosted by FindLaw. Writ publishes at least one new column by one of its regular columnists every business day, and frequently posts a second column by a guest columnist. The regular columnists are all notable attorneys; almost all are law professors, most with an endowed chair; some are former law clerks from the U.S. Supreme Court; some are past or present federal prosecutors; one is a former Counsel to the President; one is a novelist, and one is the current director of the Terrorism and Counterterrorism Program of Human Rights Watch. The guest columnists also tend to be law professors or seasoned attorneys. The columnists comment both on notable ongoing court cases and recent court decisions, as well as on current events.
Writ also publishes occasional book reviews, on books of both legal and more general interest; the book reviewers are likewise academically inclined attorneys.
Writ is free, and maintains all of its material from its inception in a free archive.
Although Writ is known mainly among legal circles, its columnists tend to be prolific authors who reach a broad audience. Many have published books as well as frequent articles and op-eds in newspapers and magazines such as "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The Atlantic Monthly", "U.S. News & World Report", "The Los Angeles Times", "The Chicago Tribune", and "Slate". One Writ columnist, Marci Hamilton, was the first guest on "The Daily Show" in its new studio in 2005; columnist Edward Lazarus also appeared on "The Daily Show" in 2006.
Writ is available online, but has published just two columns since December 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2924733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924733" title="Back That Thang Up">
Back That Thang Up

"Back That Thang Up" (or the explicit version "Back That Azz Up") is a song recorded by American hip-hop artist Juvenile. It was released in February 1999 as the second single from his 1998 album "400 Degreez". The song, an explicit exploration of the same themes as Sir Mix-a-Lot's "Baby Got Back" was Juvenile's biggest hit single until the release of "Slow Motion" in 2004, peaking at number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Content.
Also performing verses on "Back That Thang Up" are the song's producer, Mannie Fresh, and Juvenile's fellow Hot Boy, Lil Wayne. Wayne's verse ("After you back it up and stop/then drop, drop, drop, drop it like it's hot.") popularized an expression for a certain type of sexually suggestive dance; the expression was later re-popularized by Snoop Dogg with his number-one hit "Drop It Like It's Hot". Lil Wayne's verse was repeated on his 2008 single, "Lollipop". Drake samples the song for his song "Practice" from his 2011 album Take Care.
Both the song and its music video were omnipresent in media venues for much of 1999 and early 2000. "Back That Thang Up", Lil Wayne's "Tha Block Is Hot", and B.G.'s "Bling Bling" were the three hits that launched Cash Money into the pop mainstream.
Based on the content of the song, there were three edited versions of the song, which allowed for radio stations to choose between playing "Back That Thang Up" and the edited version of "Back That Azz Up". Johnny Kenaya was in the studio with Juvenile and Mannie Fresh while the record was playing. He gave the green light on the project to go on. The former had redone amended lyrics, while the latter was edited as is (with the word "ass" left intact). Also, the edited album version had "ass" backmasked along with other expletives, mainly due in part to "Back That Thang Up" never being released on any album until Juvenile's Greatest Hits album five years later.
Court ruling.
In Positive Black Talk, Inc. v. Cash Money Records, Inc., the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals concluded in 2004 that the song did not infringe the copyright of DJ Jubilee's song "Back That A$$ Up."

</doc>
<doc id="2924749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924749" title="Ngalakgan language">
Ngalakgan language

Ngalakan (Ngalakgan) is an Australian Aboriginal language. It has not been fully acquired by children since the 1930s. It is one of the Northern Non-Pama–Nyungan languages formerly spoken in the Roper river region of the Northern territory. It is most closely related to Rembarrnga.
Sounds.
Consonants.
Ngalakan has a typical Australian consonant inventory, with many coronal places of articulation (see Coronals in Indigenous Australian languages), including nasals at every stop place, and four liquids, but no fricatives. Baker (1999, 2008) analyses the language as having both geminate and singleton realizations of every plosive consonant. Merlan (1983), however, argues that there is a fortis–lenis contrast, and thus two series of plosives rather than the one shown here. Lenis/short plosives have weak contact and intermittent voicing, while fortis/long plosives have full closure, a more powerful release burst, and no voicing. Similar contrasts are found in other Gunwinyguan languages, such as Bininj Gun-wok, Jawoyn, Dalabon, Rembarrnga, Ngandi, as well as in the neighboring Yolngu languages.
Key features of the language.
Free word order, with no syntactically governed positions for subject, object, verb etc. in a sentence. All this information is encoded in the morphology, which results in highly complex word structures. Interpreting these complex words correctly is crucial in determining what the speaker is trying to say.
adverb+verb"'

</doc>
<doc id="2924756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924756" title="Michael Bishop">
Michael Bishop

Michael Bishop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924759" title="Kwai Chung Sports Ground">
Kwai Chung Sports Ground

Kwai Chung Sports Ground (traditional chinese: 葵涌運動場) is one of the major sports grounds in the Kwai Tsing District, located in Kwai Fong, Hong Kong. It was built in 1979.
It provides facilities for track and field and football. It is the first such ground constructed with tartan track in the district. It has a covered grandstand. It is alongside Hing Fong Road, opposite to the Metroplaza.
The sports ground is mainly used for school sports days and Hong Kong Second Division League games.
Transport.
The sports ground is 10 minutes walk away from Kwai Fong MTR station.

</doc>
<doc id="2924764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924764" title="Bullbar">
Bullbar

A bullbar (also roo bar or nudge bar in Australia and push bar or grill guard in The United States) is a device fitted to the front of a vehicle to protect its occupants from collisions, whether an accidental collision with a large animal in rural roads, or an intentional collision with another vehicle in police usage. They vary considerably in size and form, and are usually made of welded steel or aluminium tubing, and, more recently, moulded polycarbonate and polyethylene materials. The "bull" in the name refers to cattle, which in rural areas sometimes roam onto rural roads and highways.
Studies have shown bull bars to cause an increase in the risk of death and serious injury to pedestrians. This is because the bull bar is rigid and so transmits all the force to the pedestrian, unlike a bumper which absorbs some force and crumples. Due to the number of deaths and injuries caused by the rigid fronts of cars, often with metal bullbars (in 2000 some 2,000 deaths/year and 18,000 serious accidents/year in Europe), the sale of metal bullbars was banned by a European Union Directive.
Design and terminology.
Where cattle are more prominent and where larger four-wheel drive vehicles are used, drivers use larger steel bullbars.
Brushbars (or Bush Bars) are similar to bullbars, often integrated into the bullbar design. They protect the front of the vehicle, especially headlights, from brush and small trees.
"Nudge bars," another kind of bullbar, are generally fitted to sedans and small SUVs, and consist of light aluminium or polycarbonate tubing that protects only the radiator grille and areas without replacing the bumper bar. Bullbars typically replace the front bumper or fender, so most require indicator light housings.
Bullbars are sometimes used as a platform for mounting spotlights and vehicle recovery winches. Radio antennas for equipment such as CB radios are often mounted onto bullbars, even though mounting above the roof provides better performance.
Bullbars incorporating a winch are often known as "Winch bumpers", especially in the UK where bullbars made of metal have, as mentioned above, been banned. However, a steel bullbar incorporating a winch is legal.
As a safety feature, traditional bars are built to protect the vehicle, which is considered less safe than allowing controlled deformation to absorb kinetic energy during a collision. Modern design of bullbars and roo bars has advanced so some vehicle manufacturers and aftermarket companies now offer impact bars which integrate with the vehicle safety system, such as activation of airbags after collision with the bullbar. Plastic bullbars made from materials such as polyethylene are designed to act like a spring and deflect due to the force of a collision so that the vehicle is still driveable after striking an animal. These designs are more "pedestrian friendly" than the same vehicle without any bullbar.
There are many aspects relating to the proper construction of a bullbar. It is widely accepted that the channel section which provides the strength for the protection system must be constructed from one piece of material and free from sections bolted on or welded together. The thickness of the material is something which should be considered when choosing a bullbar, generally the thicker the material, the stronger the product delivering greater protection. The grade of material is also important, products manufactured from steel or hi-tensile/structural grade alloys are stronger than a standard alloy or polymer products.
In recent times bullbars have become popular also as a cosmetic accessory, particularly on the larger four wheel drive and Sports Utility Vehicles (SUVs). Studies and media attention to them and their role in increasing pedestrian deaths led to an agreement with the European Union among carmakers not to install them on new vehicles from January 1, 2002. This was followed by a full EU ban on the sale of rigid bullbars (e.g., by aftermarket fitters). Vehicles that already had them fitted prior to the ban remain legal.
Police usage.
A Push Bumper or Nudge Bar is fitted to the chassis of the car and located to augment the front bumper, to allow the car to be used as a battering ram for simple structures or fences, or to push disabled vehicles off the road.
The Pursuit Intervention Technique (PIT) bumper attaches to the front frame of a patrol car. It is designed to end vehicle pursuits by spinning the fleeing vehicle with a nudge to the rear quarter panel. Cars not fitted with a PIT Bumper can still attempt a PIT Maneuver at risk of increased front-end damage and possible disablement if the maneuver fails and the pursuit continues.
Australia.
Kangaroos are a primary road safety hazard in Australia, hence the alternative name "roo bar." Kangaroos account for over 60% of collisions between vehicles and animals in Australia; the next most common type of animal being dogs at 12%. This high animal strike incidence is why "roo bars" are most commonly fitted to vehicles in Australia in outback or rural areas. 
Over recent years there has been debate in Australia regarding the safety implications of fitting a bullbar, especially as four-wheel drives and their accessories are becoming increasingly popular in urban areas. The use of bullbars in urban areas is criticised by cycling and pedestrian organisations.
Bullbar manufacturers in Australia must conform to Australian standard AS47861.1/2002. In some states it may be illegal to drive a vehicle fitted with a bullbar that does not comply with the Australian Design Rules (ADRs). The main ADR requirement that applies to bullbars is a clause within ADR 42/xx (where xx designates a version number), which states (in part) that: ""No vehicle shall be equipped with any object or fitting, not technically essential to such vehicle, which protrudes from any part of the vehicle so that it is likely to increase the risk of bodily injury to any person.""
This requirement is not specifically aimed at bullbars but does effectively prescribe requirements for their construction. ADR 42/00, the first version of this rule, applied to vehicles built from July 1988. Australian Standard AS4876.1-2002 "Motor vehicle frontal protection systems Part 1: Road user protection" was released in 2002, and applies construction rules to all bullbars manufactured since that date, regardless of the age of the vehicle that they are fitted to. Similar requirements for older vehicles fitted with bullbars manufactured before that Australian Standard was implemented exist only in state legislation.
In 2003, NSW State Member of Parliament, Anthony Roberts suggested there is little or no enforcement of the ADR requirement and Harold Scruby (of the Pedestrian Council of Australia) has proposed that modern standards should be made retrospective.
Bullbars are not allowed to cause a vehicle to fail to comply with other ADRs to which they were originally constructed. This includes visibility of lights, such as headlights and indicators; but it particularly relates to ADR 69/00, the rule for "Full frontal impact protection". In order to comply with this rule, bullbars manufactured for vehicles equipped with SRS (airbag systems) must be tested for compatibility with the airbag system.

</doc>
<doc id="2924777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924777" title="Notre Dame Junior Senior High School (Utica)">
Notre Dame Junior Senior High School (Utica)

Notre Dame Junior Senior High School (NDJSHS) in Utica, New York, is a co-ed Roman Catholic high school. Notre Dame includes grades 7-12, and is known primarily for being highly competitive in both baseball and basketball. Notre Dame's current principal is Sister Anna Mae Collins, assisted by Roy Kane as the vice principal. It is located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse.
Background.
The school mascot is the Juggler. Morning announcements are generally made via the daily "Morning Show", a student run news channel broadcast to mounted televisions in each room. Popular segments on the "Morning Show" include birthdays, the day's lunch, a news segment called "One Nation Under God" and other, more entertainment based segments. (Previous segments which were primarily meant for entertainment included the "Fact of Earl", sports segments, and various other short pieces.
Extracurricular activities.
The school is home to several extracurricular activities such as athletics, chorus and drama. The school also has a Naval Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps (NJROTC); Master Sergeant Howard Keyes of the United States Marine Corps currently administers the program. The NJROTC program is active in the community, holding regular fish fries at the American Legion Post 229, sending cadets to volunteer at nursing homes, marching in parades, as well as providing volunteer service for the community as a whole. The program also possesses several drill teams, such as trick, silent, NS1 basic, unarmed platoon drill, armed platoon drill, as well as academic and inspection teams and the color guard.
Sports teams include Soccer, Tennis, Lacrosse, Cross Country, Basketball, Hockey (through other schools), Cheerleading, Bowling, Golf, Softball, Baseball and Football. Clubs include Drama, Choir, Mock Trial, Rotary Club, Campus Ministry, National Honor Society, Senior Ball Committee, Yearbook Staff, "The Morning Show," Chess Club, "Tech Squad", and Student Council. 
The land that the school was built on was the former location of a military hospital. Initially, the school owned the land currently occupied by the business park, but sold it off, giving the current boundaries.
Education.
Notre Dame holds a variety of classes meant to challenge and aid its students in the academic process. Foreign language choices are limited to French or Spanish, which are begun in seventh grade and required. A standard selection of mathematics is available, including pre-algebra, algebra, geometry, trigonometry, pre-calculus, calculus, and statistics. The sciences offered include living environment, physical sciences, earth science, biology, chemistry, and physics. Standard business courses are also offered in lieu of foreign language. There are several courses which broach the topic of fine arts. Social studies include basic American history, world history, US history, and various government classes. Students must take physical education (P.E.) unless enrolled in the NJROTC program, which is a class in itself. Standard English classes are offered and generally mandatory for all students, as well as the option for Honors English in eleventh grade. Theology classes are required for all students, including those not of the Catholic faith. Computer classes are mandatory for all seventh and eighth graders, and students can join Tech Squad, which maintains the school computers. Basic classes are also offered in all subjects for those unable to cope with Regents work . Through a joint program with Mohawk Valley Community College, several college courses are available. Also, several AP courses are offered, including World History, US History, Biology, Calculus AB and English. An optional "tenth period" is held on Wednesday to Friday for students to go to a teacher for extra help. A small library is also maintained with a selection of recently published books.
Technology.
The Notre Dame campus is well updated with the current technology. Each teacher is equipped with a laptop, their choice of PC or Macintosh, with which they record grades and attendance, as well as use to enhance the learning experience. There are also several carts of laptops which teachers may borrow for classroom use. These carts are equipped with Macintosh laptops, as the computer lab is equipped with Macintosh desktops. PCs, though less dominant, are also available to students. Two half-year computer courses in seventh and eighth grade are geared towards not only computer literacy, but also an understanding of the Macintosh platform. The school is equipped with a secure wireless network as well as a network of Ethernet cables through the building. Also utilized are projectors, overheads, the ELMO (a modern variant on the overhead which does not require transparent sheets), as well as several SmartBoards (a touchscreen white board onto which the computer desktop is projected) and AirLiners (a wireless touch tablet which allows interaction with a computer without physically using the computer).
Foundations.
Notre Dame was established in 1959 by the Xaverian Brothers. It was originally just a high school, but in 1994 both local Catholic junior high schools merged and moved to the high school building.
Future.
Effective as of 2009, the Diocese of Syracuse intends to combine all of the Catholic schools in the Greater Utica area into one location. The first phase of this step was taken in the summer of 2009, with the closing of the schools of St. Peter's and the remaining St. Mary's, consolidating them into the Our Lady of Lourdes site. This followed the 2002 closings of the Sacred Heart, Holy Trinity and other St. Mary's schools. The former Our Lady of Lourdes was renamed to Notre Dame Elementary School. Current plans entail the renovation and creation of additions to the current Notre Dame JS/HS site to accommodate the elementary school. The plans project completion of this renovation by around 2014 to 2015. However, certain questions as to space have been raised in regards to the additions. The campus, which is already crowded, would seem a poor choice for this consolidated school. An example of this is the use of the baseball outfield as a soccer field in the fall, and the lack of a softball field.

</doc>
<doc id="2924778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924778" title="Matteo Carandini">
Matteo Carandini

Matteo Carandini (born 1967) is a contemporary neuroscientist who studies the visual system. He received a PhD in Neural Science from New York University and continued as a postdoctoral fellow at Northwestern University. After holding positions in Zurich (1999–2002) and in San Francisco at the Smith-Kettlewell Eye Research Institute (2002–2008), he is currently a Professor at University College London. 
He studies the lateral geniculate nucleus and the visual cortex (V1) as well as the activity of individual neurons and their intercommunication within the visual cortex, with a particular interest in the functions of the eye, thalamus, and the early visual areas of the cerebral cortex.Carandini conducts his research with the goal of contributing to the knowledge of how the brain processes visual information in the human brain and he works primarily with mice.
Achievements.
In the 1990s, working with David Heeger and J. Anthony Movshon he refined and provided evidence for Heeger's normalization model of V1 responses. 
Together with David Ferster he characterized the relationship between synaptic excitation, synaptic inhibition, membrane potential, and firing rate in visual cortex and discovered that prolonged visual stimulation causes a tonic hyperpolarization in V1 neurons.
More recent work concerns the characterization of fast adaptive mechanisms in the responses of the early visual system, a comparison with the properties of natural images and a test of the resulting models in the responses to complex natural stimuli. Other recent research projects include the use of optical and electrical imaging of cortical responses, population coding of visual stimuli, and the improvement of techniques for visual psychophysics in mice.

</doc>
<doc id="2924784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924784" title="Hillsdale, Portland, Oregon">
Hillsdale, Portland, Oregon

The Hillsdale district is a neighborhood in the southwest section of Portland, Oregon, United States. It is centered around the Hillsdale retail and business area, a series of strip malls on SW Capitol Highway between SW Sunset Boulevard and SW Bertha Boulevard. It is home to the Hillsdale Farmer's Market, which takes place on Sundays during the Summer.
Hillsdale borders Southwest Hills, Healy Heights, and Homestead on the north, South Portland on the east, South Burlingame and Multnomah on the south, and Hayhurst and Bridlemile on the west.
Oregon Route 10 connects Hillsdale to Downtown Portland to the north and Raleigh Hills and Beaverton to the west. 

</doc>
