<doc id="2867238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867238" title="List of cooperatives">
List of cooperatives

This is a list of notable co-operative enterprises by country. Co-operatives are business organizations owned and operated by a group of individuals for their mutual benefit.
Bangladesh.
co-operative has been playing an important role in socio-economic development of Bangladesh for more than a century. Acknowledging it’s importance the Constitution of Bangladesh mandates co-operative as one of the three modes of ownership i.e., State, co-operative and Private. Starting it’s journey in 1904, to raise agricultural production and rural economic advancement through production and processing services, the co-operative movement has expanded in other economic sectors like fishery, dairy, housing, micro finance and service sectors. In Bangladesh, co-operative has great opportunities in social awareness building, entrepreneurship development and community based programmes and activities. Here is a list of notable co-operative enterprises :
Canada.
Manitoba.
Old Market Autonomous Zone Marketing Co-op (formed in 2010) comprises the cooperatives and activist groups located in the heritage building at 91 Albert St in Winnipeg's Exchange District. It houses the following cooperatives:
Alberta.
The United Farmers of Alberta (UFA) has over 120,000 members and with 2007 revenues of over $1.8 billion, UFA is ranked as the 37th largest business in Alberta by revenue according to Alberta Venture magazine. 
Alberta's credit unions are also large operations.
India.
Tamil Nadu.
Tamil Nadu state level cooperative Federations:
Agriculture:
Co-operative Banks:
District Co-operative Banks:
Urban Cooperative Societies
Employees Cooperative Societies:
Sugar Co-operatives:
Dairy Co-operatives:
Textile Co-operatives:
United Kingdom, Channel Islands and Isle of Man.
Football and rugby union supporters' trusts are incorporated as co-operatives of supporters. Several own the football club outright and many hold equity in the club.
Kenya.
Kenya has the strongest Co-operative movement in the world. In Africa its ranked number 1. Many Kenyan Co-operatives were started in the early 1960s and mainly because of Farming the was being embraced after the British left the newly independent country. Kenyans formed co-operatives so that they could buy large chunks of land from the British farmers as well as market their produce. Below are some of the largest co-operatives in Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="2867239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867239" title="STX Corporation">
STX Corporation

STX Corporation is a South Korean holding company engaged in the provision of trading services. Headquartered in Gyeongsangnamdo, South Korea, the company operates its business through two divisions: trade and ship maintenance. Its trade business division provides shipping and energy materials, coal, oil, steel and others. Its ship maintenance business offers cargo management, marine technical, insurance, crew management and other related services. The company had five local subsidiaries including STX Offshore & Shipbuilding, STX Engine, STX Heavy Industries, STX PanOcean and STX Energy. STX Offshore & Shipbuilding is the world's fourth largest shipbuilder, recently acquired Norwegian Shipbuilder Aker Yards in order to diversify their product line. As Europe's second largest shipbuilder behind Italy's Fincantieri, Aker Yards has a technical background in cruise ship building. STX Group, formerly Ssangyong Heavy Industries, recently had an IPO of STX PanOcean. The IPO gave the group a substantial amount of cash to acquire Aker Yards.
STX Business Areas.
<br>
Shipbuilding
Engine
Construction & Plant
Energy
Shipping
Bank

</doc>
<doc id="2867252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867252" title="Mohammad Ali Jouhar">
Mohammad Ali Jouhar

Mohammad Ali Jouhar (10 December 1878 – 4 January 1931) was an Indian Muslim leader, activist, scholar, journalist and poet, and was among the leading figures of the Khilafat Movement.
He was the sixth Muslim to become the President of Indian National Congress( At Kakinada—1923 ) and it lasted only for few months. He was one of the founders of the All-India Muslim League and he was also the former president of the All India Muslim League.
Early life.
Mohammad Ali, also known as Maulana Mohammad Ali Jauhar (مَولانا مُحمّد علی جَوہر), was born in 1878 in Rampur (UP), India. He was the brother of Maulana Shoukat Ali and Zulfiqar Ali. Despite the early death of his father, Jouhar attended the Darul Uloom Deoband, Aligarh Muslim University and, in 1898, Lincoln College, Oxford University, studying modern history.
Upon his return to India, he served as education director for the Rampur state, and later joined the Baroda civil service. He became a writer and orator, contributing to major English and Indian newspapers, in both English and Urdu. He launched the Urdu weekly "Hamdard" and English "The Comrade" in 1911. He moved to Delhi in 1913.
Jouhar worked hard to expand the AMU, then known as the Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College, and was one of the co-founders of the Jamia Millia Islamia in 1920, which was later moved to Delhi.
Khilafat and political activities.
Jouhar had attended the founding meeting of the All India Muslim League in Dhaka in 1906, and served as its president in 1918. He remained active in the League till 1928.
He represented the Muslim delegation that travelled to England in 1919 in order to convince the British government to influence the Turkish nationalist Mustafa Kemal not to depose the Sultan of Turkey, who was the Caliph of Islam. British rejection of their demands resulted in the formation of the Khilafat committee which directed Muslims all over India to protest and boycott the government.
Now accorded the respectful title of Maulana, Ali formed in 1921, a broad coalition with Muslim nationalists like Shaukat Ali, Maulana Azad, Hakim Ajmal Khan, Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari and Indian nationalist leader Mahatma Gandhi, who enlisted the support of the Indian National Congress and many thousands of Hindus, who joined the Muslims in a demonstration of unity. Jouhar also wholeheartedly supported Gandhi's call for a national civil resistance movement, and inspired many hundreds of protests and strikes all over India. He was arrested by British authorities and imprisoned for two years for what was termed as a seditious speech at the meeting of the Khilafat Conference.
He was elected as President of Indian National Congress in 1923.
Alienation from Congress.
Jouhar was however, disillusioned by the failure of the Khilafat movement and Gandhi's suspension of non-cooperation in 1922, owing to the Chauri Chaura incident.
He restarted his weekly Hamdard, and left the Congress Party. He opposed the Nehru Report, which was a document proposing constitutional reforms and a dominion status of an independent nation within the British Empire, written by a committee of Hindu and Muslim members of the Congress Party headed by President Motilal Nehru. It was a major protest against the Simon Commission which had arrived in India to propose reforms but containing no Indian nor making any effort to listen to Indian voices.
Mohammad Ali was in jail. So All Parties Conference on Nehru report was represented by Shaukat Ali, Begum Mohammad Ali and 30 other members of Central Khilafat Committee which included Abdul Majid Daryabadi, Azad Subhani, Dr.Maghfoor Ahmad Ajazi, Abul Mohasin Mohammad Sajjad and others.
Mohammad Ali opposed the Nehru Report's rejection of separate electorates for Muslims, and supported the "Fourteen Points" of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the League. He became a critic of Gandhi, breaking with fellow Muslim leaders like Maulana Azad, Hakim Ajmal Khan and Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari, who continued to support Gandhi and the Indian National Congress.
Ali attended the Round Table Conference (The chairman being Sir Agha Khan of the Muslim delegation) to show that only the Muslim League spoke for India's Muslims. In 1921, British Government established the Court in Khaliqdina Hall in Karachi and punished him with two and half years imprisonment in Karachi Central Jail. He died on January 4, 1931 and was buried in Jerusalem according to his own wish. The inscription written on his grave near the Dome of the Rock says: "Here lies al-Sayyid Muhammad Ali al-Hindi."
Jouhar died at a time when the Pakistan & India movement had not been formed, and it is a matter of continuing debate if he would have ever supported the idea.
Legacy.
Various places have been named after Jouhar. These include:
Quotes.
"I had long been convinced that here in this Country of hundreds of millions of human beings, intensely attached to religion, and yet infinitely split up into communities, sects and denominations, Providence had created for us the mission of solving a unique problem and working out a new synthesis, which was nothing low than a Federation of Faiths... For more than twenty years I have dreamed the dream of a federation, grander, nobler and infinitely more spiritual than the United States of America, and today when many a political Cassandra prophesies a return to the bad old days of Hindu-Muslim dissensions I still dream that old dream of "United Faiths of India." — Mohammad Ali – From the Presidential Address, I.N.C. Session, 1923, Cocanada(now Kakinada).

</doc>
<doc id="2867255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867255" title="Colonel Zadok A. Magruder High School">
Colonel Zadok A. Magruder High School

Colonel Zadok A. Magruder High School (#510) is a secondary public school located in Rockville (Montgomery County), Maryland.
Magruder is named for Colonel Zadok Magruder, a Revolutionary War patriot and farmer. He was colonel in command of part of the Maryland militia and helped establish Montgomery County's government in 1776. The school is called simply "Magruder" by its students.
The school first opened in 1970 at , with 8th, 9th and 10th graders. In 1971, the same student body became 9th, 10th and 11th graders. The first graduating class was the Class of 1973 and numbered approximately 300.
Major additions were added in 1974 (), 1994 (), and 2000 ( of additions, of renovation of the 1994 addition, and demolition of of the 1994 addition). The building now totals .
Magruder has an International Studies Partnership with Hage Geingob High School in Windhoek, Namibia.
Academics.
The school hosts many innovative programs:
Learning Academies:
Students who opt for one of these programs will focus on that field and be better prepared for a career in that area.
Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps.
The JROTC program at Magruder instills leadership, good citizenship and responsibility in students who may or may not choose a military career. Included in its programs are a drill team, color guard, academic/leadership teams and a raider team. In addition, in 2009, the Magruder JROTC program was awarded the title "Honor Unit with Distinction", the highest honor a JROTC unit can earn. Currently Sergeant Major Hayes is the Senior Army Instructor and Master Sergeant Jackson is the Army Instructor.
George B. Thomas, Sr. Learning Academy Saturday School.
The GBTLA Saturday School started at Magruder in the 2005-2006 school year. The goal of the program is for the students to attain grade level proficiency in reading, language arts, mathematics, and test-taking skills.
Students.
In the 2008-2009 school year, the 1,971 students at Magruder were 43.4% white, 19.4% African American, 23.0% Hispanic, 14.0% Asian, and 0.3% Native American.
In 2010, Magruder was listed in "Newsweek" magazine as the 481st highest-rated school in the country.
The 2010 graduation rate at Magruder High School was 90.5%.
Magruder features, alongside the National Honors Society, societies in:
As well as the engineering academy "Project Lead the Way".
Magruder offers a wide range of courses from regular to honors to AP classes. The percentage of students receiving a 3 or higher on the AP College Board exams is high and is above average compared to the rest of the state and the nation. SAT scores among students are also above average.
In the 2010 graduating class, 80.1% of students expected to go to college or training, 14.5% to college and employment, 1.6% directly to employment, and 2.2% to the military. Graduating classes from Magruder High School accumulate over $5 million in scholarships each year.
Athletics.
Magruder High School Athletics is one of many storied programs within Montgomery County, MD. As attested by the number of Regional & State Champions it has produced, Magruder has become a part of the top echelon of elites in the entire state. The school continues to be a powerhouse in Women's Volleyball, Men's Soccer, Wrestling, as well as Field Hockey and Men's Ice Hockey. In previous years, the Magruder Men's Basketball team was also a top-notch competitor. In more recent years, however, the team has not had the same level of success as it had in previous years.
Although Magruder has not produced a state title in Women's Volleyball, it has created one of the top volleyball programs in the state under head coach Scott Zanni, often ranking in the "Washington Post" Top 10 and the Montgomery County "Gazette" Top 5.
The Boy's Varsity Soccer Team has also been a consistent Top Ranker in the DC Metro Area as well as Nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="2867263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867263" title="Fisheries Centre">
Fisheries Centre

__NOTOC__
The Fisheries Centre, located at the University of British Columbia, promotes multidisciplinary study of aquatic ecosystems and broad-based collaboration with maritime communities, government, NGOs and other partners. The Fisheries Centre is the focal point for development of the widely used Ecopath with Ecosim approach and software.
Location.
Fisheries Centre<br>
Aquatic Ecosystems Research Laboratory (AERL)<br>
2202 Main Mall<br>
The University of British Columbia<br>
Vancouver, BC<br>
Canada V6T 1Z4

</doc>
<doc id="2867265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867265" title="Free Hand">
Free Hand

Free Hand is an album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant that was released in 1975. It also marked their first album under their new label, Chrysalis Records in the U.K. This album is noted for its high production values, and a less dissonant, more accessible feel than their previous album "The Power and the Glory". It was their highest-charting album in the U.S. and the only one to crack the Top 50 on the Billboard album charts.
The 1990 CD version released by the re-issue label One Way Records of Albany, New York mistakenly used an alternate rough mix version of the album. This version revealed some different musical details. Alucard/EMI re-released the CD in 2009, "from the original 1/4-inch tapes through 24bit 96k Hi-Resolution transfer."
Track listing.
All songs composed by Kerry Minnear, Derek Shulman and Ray Shulman, except where noted.
Personnel.
There are no instrument credits listed on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="2867267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867267" title="David Dortort">
David Dortort

David Dortort (October 23, 1916 – September 5, 2010), was a Hollywood screenwriter and producer, widely known for his role as producer in two successful NBC television series: "Bonanza" (1959–73) and "The High Chaparral" (1967–71). Dortort's focus shifted in the late 1960s to the newer series, leaving the production of "Bonanza" largely to his associates during its last five and a half years (1967–1973).
From 1954-55, he was involved in directing and writing for "The Public Defender". He produced 'The Restless Gun' (1957–59), "The Cowboys" television version (1974), and a prequel series featuring younger versions of the "Bonanza" characters called "Ponderosa" (2001), which was produced with Beth Sullivan. In 1979–1980, he created the 13-week CBS miniseries, "The Chisholms". Michael Landon appeared in a supporting role in the pilot for "The Restless Gun", starring John Payne, aired on March 19, 1957, as an episode of "The Schlitz Playhouse of Stars" and Dan Blocker played multiple roles in "The Restless Gun" in the first season. 
Alan W. Livingston of NBC hired Dortort to write the screenplay for the pilot episode of "Bonanza". He did it at night, while producing "The Restless Gun" by day.
In 2001, the alumni association of City College of New York, where he had studied history, honored him with its John H. Finley award.
Personal life.
A native of New York City, Dortort was married for 67 years to the former Rose Seldin, who died September 30, 2007, at age 92. They had two children, Wendy (Mrs. Czarnecki), and Fred. 
Death.
David Dortort died in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles, California, on September 5, 2010, a month and a half before his 94th birthday, following a history of heart disease.
Writings.
Dortort's two published books:

</doc>
<doc id="2867270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867270" title="Blue Water High">
Blue Water High

Blue Water High is an Australian television drama series, broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on ABC1 and on Austar/Foxtel Nickelodeon channel in Australia and on various channels in many other countries. Each season follows the lives of a young group of students at Solar Blue, a high-performance surf academy where several lucky 16-year-olds are selected for a 12-month-long surfing program on Sydney's northern beaches (Avalon, Sydney, and New South Wales in Australia).
There are three series in Blue Water High. The first two series were screened in 2005 and 2006 and the producers did not intend to create a third and final series. However, due to popular demand by fans, they relented and made one more series with only Kate Bell returning in a main role. Series three ended with the closure of Solar Blue, indicating that the show would most likely not continue.
Plot summary.
Series one.
The first series consisted of twenty-six episodes. It starred Adam Saunders as Heath, the relaxed joker who struggles with school; Tahyna Tozzi as Perri, resident glamour queen from the Gold Coast; Sophie Luck as Fly, the youngest; Kate Bell as Bec, the local; Khan Chittenden as Edge, the aggressive and competitive teenager; Chris Foy as Matt, the generic 'smart guy' and Mara Scherzinger as Anna, a famous German Kiteboarder. At the end of the year, two of them (one girl and one boy) get a wild card spot on the pro-circuit tour. The first series was released on DVD in 4 volumes, though fans are strongly urging for a complete re-release featuring the entire season in one package as was later done with Series Two. Sophie Luck won the 2005 Australian Film Institute Award for Best Young Actor for her role in the series. The winners for series one were Fly and Edge.
Series two.
Filming of a second series began in early January 2006 in Sydney, Australia, with a revised cast, which included Sophie Luck who was back as Fly, Adam Saunders as Heath, who leaves in episode six and Trent Dalzell as Corey, Ryan Corr as Eric, Lesley Anne Mitchell as Brooke, Taryn Marler as Rachel, Gabrielle Scollay as Amy, and James Sorensen as Mike. It premiered on 28 June 2006. Sophie Luck, Adam Saunders, Kate Bell, Chris Foy, Tahyna Tozzi, Nadine Garner and Khan Chittenden have all reappeared in the second series in various episodes. The winners of Series Two were Brooke and Eric.
The complete second series was released on DVD in Australia on 1 October 2007.[http://www.sanity.com.au/product/product.asp?sku=2084157]
Series three.
The third and final series began filming in October 2007. Kate Bell returns as Bec for series three and is joined by Craig Horner as Garry. The new Solar Blue pupils are Guy (Kain O'Keeffe), Charley (Lachlan Buchanan), Adam (Eka Darville), Bridget (Cariba Heine), Loren (Amy Beckwith) and Cassie (Rebecca Breeds). Series Three began screening on Rollercoaster on 3 April 2008.
The winners are Bridget and Adam, but Bridget decides to go to university instead of joining the Pro Circuit, so Loren gets the wild card after Cassie literally 'draws the short straw' (as they both have the same number of points in the final surf-off so they decide who gets the wild card this way). In the last episode, Simmo makes a surprise return as one of the three judges in what is described as "one of the best finals Solar Blue has seen", saving the day as he pulls "not a rabbit out of a hat, but an elephant", ensuring that the winners of the final surf-off still get a wild card invitation.
List of episodes.
Series two (June–December 2006) and Series three (April–September 2008).
Episodes of season 2 and 3 were not named, but were numbered from 1 to 26.
International broadcasts.
Africa.
In South Africa, "Blue Water High" was aired twice a week on Go on the local satellite system, DSTV. After DSTV added more MNET channels, "Blue Water High" started airing every weekday at 19:30 on Magic World 112 from 1 July 2010.
Europe.
In Germany, the series is called "Blue Water High, die Surf-Akademie" (which means "Blue Water High, the Surf Academy") and is broadcast on KI.KA (a children's channel). In Ireland "Blue Water High" was broadcast on RTÉ Two as part of "The Den" and in Spain, the show was broadcast on La 2 and ClanTVE. In France it was broadcast on Filles TV as "Blue Water High: Surf Academy" in 2007 and France Ô has started reairing the series on 12 November 2012. In Norway the show aired on TV 2 Zebra. SIC in Portugal also bought the first season, and it aired in the country from Monday to Friday at 5pm in Summer 2009; the show was named "Mar Azul" ("Blue Sea"). It also started again on SIC K in December of that year. The series also began airing on RTL 8 in the Netherlands from 2009 onwards. In the UK it is broadcast on Pop Girl.
North America.
"Blue Water High" was broadcast on the internet in North America through the former The WB Television Network, which was resurrected by the Warner Bros. television arm as a website in 2008.
Oceania.
In Australia, the country of its origin, "Blue Water High" currently airs once every day in the afternoon on ABC3 and on Nickelodeon once every Sunday night. In New Zealand, "Blue Water High" currently airs every Saturday afternoon on TV2.
South America.
In the Spanish-speaking countries of Latin America, the show is titled "Blue Water High, Escuela del Surf", which translates as "Blue Water High, Surf Academy", and is broadcast on Boomerang Latin America. In Brazil, it is broadcast by Boomerang Brazil under the title "Galera do Surfe" (The Surf Crowd). In Falkland Islands, "Blue Water High" was aired on Falkland Islands Television Service Tuesdays to Friday at 15:00 and Saturday at 11:30.

</doc>
<doc id="2867278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867278" title="Shrak">
Shrak

Shrak (branded as Shrak for Quake) is an unofficial total conversion mod developed for id Software's "Quake" by Quantum Axcess.
"Shrak"'s environments tend to be more abandoned-looking than "Quake"'s, with a greater emphasis on post-apocalyptic themes and puzzles. The provided Red Book Audio soundtrack is ambient electronica by Bonetribe. It shipped with Capture the Flag, Deathmatch, and Bugwar game modes, the latter of which allows the player to compete in teams of either scorpions or spiders.

</doc>
<doc id="2867281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867281" title="John Vlissides">
John Vlissides

John Matthew Vlissides (August 2, 1961 - November 24, 2005) was a software scientist known mainly as one of the four authors (referred to as the Gang of Four) of the book "Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software". Vlissides referred to himself as "#4 of the Gang of Four and wouldn't have it any other way".
Education/Career.
Vlissides studied electrical engineering at University of Virginia and Stanford University. Since 1986 he worked as software engineer, consultant, research assistant and scholar at Stanford University. From 1991 he stayed at IBM T.J. Watson Research Center in Hawthorne, New York as research staff member. He was author of several books, of many magazine articles and conference papers and was awarded with several patents. His work concentrated on object oriented technology, design patterns and software modeling.
Death.
John Vlissides died on Thanksgiving 2005 (November 24, 2005) following a struggle with complications from a brain tumor. He was 44 years old.
Posthumous.
Ward Cunningham and Grady Booch (on his blog entry of Nov 27, relaying a call from John Vlissides's widow, Dru Ann) have called for stories to remember him by. Since then, there has been a steady inflow of contributions located at the WikiWikiWeb page for .
In recognition of the contributions to computer science that John Vlissides made during his lifetime, ACM SIGPLAN has established the John Vlissides Award. The award is presented annually to a doctoral student participating in the OOPSLA Doctoral Symposium showing significant promise in applied software research.

</doc>
<doc id="2867282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867282" title="Second City Hall (Ottawa)">
Second City Hall (Ottawa)

Ottawa, Ontario's second city hall was built in 1877 on Elgin Street between Queen and Albert Streets and next to Ottawa's First City Hall. 
Built by architects Horsey and Sheard of Ottawa, the Second Empire French and Italian Style had one tall tower and three smaller ones. The building used Gloucester Blue Limestone and Ohio sandstone. 
The second city hall lasted until a fire destroyed it in 1931. The next permanent city hall was not built until 1958. In the interim the municipal government was housed at the Transportation Building.

</doc>
<doc id="2867288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867288" title="Sentosa Express">
Sentosa Express

Sentosa Express () is a monorail line connecting Sentosa island to HarbourFront on the Singapore mainland across the waters.
Built at a cost of S$140 million, development started in June 2003 and was completed in December 2006. The fully elevated 2.1-kilometre (1.3-mile; per direction) two-way line (4.3-km total track length) and three out of four stations opened on 15 January 2007. The fourth station, Waterfront, opened on 1 February 2010.
The monorail system, privately owned and operated by Sentosa Development Corporation, can move up to 4,000 passengers per hour per direction.
Train timings.
The daily first and last train timings of both Sentosa and Beach termini are 07:00 and 00:00 hours. Trains run at an average frequency of three minutes during peak hours. The entire route, from one terminus to the other, takes eight minutes.
Fare and ticketing.
The single-day Sentosa Pass costing S$4 allows island entry and unlimited rides on the Sentosa Express. The contactless RFID card can be purchased from automated ticketing machines at any operational Sentosa Express station. Payment can be made using cash, NETS or credit card.
Alternatively, visitors may also scan their EZ-Link cards (used for electronic payments on public transport) on Sentosa terminus' turnstiles for island entry payment and a day of unlimited number of rides on the monorail.
Stations.
S$26 million was spent on the elevated stations and the depot next to Beach terminus. Sentosa terminus is the only station of the line on the mainland; the rest are on Sentosa. It is also the only one with full-height platform screen doors and bay platform using the Spanish solution. The other stations are not air-conditioned and are the first railway stations in the country to utilise Automatic platform gates.
The original Waterfront did not open for service before being demolished in December 2007, less than a year after the monorail line's opening, to make way for the construction of Resorts World Sentosa. The station was rebuilt and opened on 1 February 2010.
Like the Mass Rapid Transit, stations have bi-directional escalators and a lift to take passengers from the station concourse to the platforms, except Sentosa terminus which has both on the same level within VivoCity on the mainland.
Station name signage and system map signage at the stations are in the three languages used by the majority of visitors—English, Chinese (simplified) and Japanese (Katakana phonetization), hence the inclusion of Japanese even though it is not one of the national official languages.
Sentosa.
Located at third level of VivoCity, the northern terminus is just a few levels above HarbourFront MRT station and the nearby HarbourFront Bus Interchange. Just like Changi Airport and Promenade MRT stations, ticketing, turnstiles and platforms are all on the same level. Like the dismantled Sentosa Monorail stations in the past and Ten Mile Junction station, it is currently the only train station in Singapore to feature an organised boarding system like the Spanish solution — passengers enter via one side of the train after passengers have alighted on the other side.
Imbiah.
Located in the middle of Sentosa near to Imbiah Lookout, it is located along a minor road called Beach View and it is next to the giant Merlion. The station also provides access to the Imbiah Lookout's cluster of attractions like Sentosa Luge & Skyride, Images of Singapore, Tiger Sky Tower, Sentosa 4D Magix, Butterfly Park and Singapore Cable Car.
Beach.
It is located between Siloso Beach and Palawan Beach at Sentosa. Trains have to enter the station before they can switch directions and tracks to enter or leave the depot which is located just beside the station.
Alight at the single-platform southern terminus for the beaches, sea sports, pubs, cafés, food court and restaurants. Transfer to the blue beach trams to get to Siloso Beach or the green ones to get to Palawan Beach and Tanjong Beach. To get to other attractions around the island, transfer to the Blue Line or Yellow Line island buses.
Rolling stock.
The Sentosa Express is the first system to use Hitachi's small and straddle–type monorail with a capacity of about 184 passengers per train. With a total of six two-car, 25-metre-long trains of different colours each—namely green, orange, blue, purple, pink and red; the pink and red trains were added to the original fleet of four only on 1 December 2009. Unlike the old, dismantled Sentosa Monorail trains, the current trains are air-conditioned, have inter-car walk-through gangways and spaces for standing passengers, wheelchairs and strollers. Seats can also be flipped up to maximise standing space when required. There is a non-passenger yellow maintenance train which is located inside the depot during operational hours.
Operated by drivers and guided with Automatic Train Protection to ensure trains keep a safe distance between each other and Automatic Train Supervisory to provide the route setting for the train to travel, trains cruise at 15 to 50 km/h but is designed to speed up to 80 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="2867295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867295" title="Howard Morgan (weather forecaster)">
Howard Morgan (weather forecaster)

Howard Morgan (19?? -) is a retired weather forecaster for Albuquerque, New Mexico television station KOAT-TV, Holdrege, Nebraska station KHOL-TV, and other stations in Kansas and Utah. He was known as "Uncle Howdy" during children's programming in all four states.
Morgan was born in Baumstown, Pennsylvania.
Morgan started his career as a graphic artist at KHOL-TV, and in 1953, became a weather forecaster there.
Morgan first drew "Thermo," his trademark drawing of the Sun with eyes and a smile, on his second day of weather forecasts at KHOL. He used Thermo for most of his weather forecasts until greenscreens and computer graphics became the norm for weather broadcasts.
In 1971, he moved to Albuquerque to work at KOAT.
While at KOAT, Morgan did a regular series of reports called "Gardenlore."
He retired from KOAT in November 1999 after a 46-year career. He can still be seen in commercials as a spokesman for an Albuquerque window manufacturer. He also appears in an ad for hearing aids.
Books.
Howard Morgan, based on Gardenlore, wrote three books:
All three were published by KOAT.

</doc>
<doc id="2867302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867302" title="Don Hutchison">
Don Hutchison

Donald "Don" Hutchison (born 9 May 1971) is an English-born Scottish sports television pundit, commentator and former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and forward from 1989 to 2008.
He was a much travelled player and had spells in the Premier League with Liverpool, West Ham United, Everton and Sunderland, as well as in the Football League for Hartlepool United, Sheffield United, Millwall, Coventry City and Luton Town. He earned 26 full caps for the Scottish national team and scored six international goals.
Club career.
Hartlepool United.
Hutchison started his career at Hartlepool United as a trainee. He was a member of the Promotion winning squad of the 1990–91 season. However he left long before the season's end with his last game being on 24 November 1990, a 2–0 win against Scarborough.
Liverpool.
His talents were quickly spotted by the big guns and he moved to Liverpool under Kenny Dalglish. Hutchison said of his time at Anfield, "I got on well with Graeme Souness and I think he quite liked my style of play because I got stuck in."
West Ham United.
In August 1994 Hutchison was signed by manager Harry Redknapp for West Ham United for a fee of £1.5 million. He made his debut and scored his first goal for West Ham on 31 August 1994 in a 3–1 home defeat to Newcastle United. Hutchison had a poor disciplinary record at West Ham. He played 39 games in his first spell with the club and received eleven bookings and was sent-off once, on 5 November 1994, in a home game against Leicester City. Known to fans and fellow players as ""Budweiser"" following a drunken incident in Ayia Napa when he had appeared covering his genitals with a Budweiser beer label, he was allowed to leave the club in January 1996.
Sheffield United.
Hutchison next moved to Sheffield United where he flourished under the management of Howard Kendall. Hutchison enjoyed good form, so much so that when Kendall left to manage Everton, he made Hutchison one of his signings.
Everton.
He is one of a small group of players that have played for both Liverpool and Everton, after joining the Toffees in March 1998 after Kendall had switched to Goodison. Kendall said after Hutchison impressed in the 1–0 win over Blackburn (14 March 1998) in which Hutchison's passing showed an impressive range and vision in the face of some typically robust challenges by Tim Sherwood and Billy McKinlay, "I've given Don a role and he's got the opportunity to show people in the Premiership how good a player is," the Everton manager said. "I thought he was outstanding. Word will get round and I'm sure it will reach Craig Brown."
Hutchison found himself out of the side at the start of the 1998/1999 season due to new manager Walter Smith's preference of his new signings Olivier Dacourt and John Collins, however an injury to Collins keeping him out for 6 months, saw Hutchison return to side and help Everton avoid relegation for the second season running.
1999-2000 saw Hutchison become captain when Dave Watson was out the side, and Hutchison produced great form in both midfield and when asked to play upfront, so much so he was courted by other premier league sides. Hutchison turned down a new deal in March 2000, stating that he wanted parity with other top earners at the club, and was only offered an extension on his current terms. He was subsequently dropped from the squad for these comments, but injuries to Kevin Campbell and Francis Jeffers saw Hutchison return to the side as a striker for the trip to Leicester in April where he scored the equalising goal. Fans were unhappy at the apparent future sale of Hutchison who had only one year left on his deal, but despite retaining his place until the end of the season, no new contract offer was made by the club and Hutchison moved onto Sunderland in a deal worth 2.5m, much to the upset of Evertonians who despite his Liverpool roots, had taken Hutchison to their hearts.
Sunderland.
He was sold to Sunderland for £2.5 million in July 2000 after failing to agree to a new contract with Everton. His good form continued and was a key player with the Wearsiders, so much so that he was the subject of another big offer.
Return to West Ham.
Hutchison signed for West Ham United for £5 million for again a club record transfer fee, this time in August 2001. Hutchison sustained an anterior cruciate ligament injury in February 2002, only months after his return to Upton Park. When he finally regained full fitness, he found himself out of favour, having missed most of the 2003–04 season through injury, and was unable to force his way back into the first team in the 2004–05 season.
Millwall.
Hutchison joined Millwall in August 2005 after being released at the start of the 2005–06 season by West Ham. He spent barely three months at the New Den, during which time he struggled to hold down a regular place in the starting XI. He left Millwall by mutual consent in November 2005 and signed for Coventry City, saying""I have left because of a lack of first-team football. At my age I need to be playing regularly.""
Coventry City.
In January 2006, he was given a contract until the end of the 2006–07 season, and signed a new one-year deal in June 2006. Manager Micky Adams said of him, ""There's a saying that class is permanent and that applies to Don. He may not have the legs he had when he was younger but he possesses a fantastic ability to read the game."" He was released by Coventry at the end of the 2006–07 season after an ankle injury restricted his appearances for the first team.
Luton Town.
Hutchison signed for Luton on a one-year deal in July 2007. After scoring once for Luton in the Football League Trophy against Northampton, he was released at the end of the season and refused to take his final 2 wage packets from cash-strapped Luton Town, instead offering to sponsor two youth team players from the 2008–09 season.
International career.
Although born in Gateshead, Don Hutchison consistently stated his passion of playing for Scotland citing the strong relationship he enjoyed with his Scottish father as the reason behind this. Hutchison's father, a miner for 35 years, was from Nairn. Hutchison first represented Scotland B in an international against Wales B in Wrexham in 1994. However, Hutchison had a disappointing game and was substituted, prompting an international exile of five years. He later said, "That night at Wrexham was a bit of an anti-climax, but I never thought that was the end of it."
Hutchison debuted for Scotland under Craig Brown, coming on as a substitute in the Euro 2000 qualifier at Celtic Park on 31 March 1999, while Hampden Park was under reconstruction. The result was a 2–1 won for the Czech Republic. In his next game he scored the only goal of the game to give Scotland a 1–0 victory against Germany in Bremen.
Hutchison scored in the Euro 2000 qualifier 2–1 win against Bosnia-Herzegovina in Sarajevo, along with Billy Dodds. Hutchison also scored in the 3–0 home win against Lithuania in the same competition. He scored at Wembley in the Euro 2000, 1–0 play-off second leg win over England in November 1999. Hutchison recalls: "I remember Christian Dailly playing a good pass to Neil McCann and him delivering a great cross. I finished it off and nothing was going to stop me celebrating a goal in front of the Tartan Army at Wembley." Scotland lost the tie 2–1, their quest to reach three consecutive major tournaments unravelled by a Paul Scholes first leg double at Hampden. Brown lobbied hard for a postponement of the Old Firm derby the week before. His fears were confirmed when Paul Lambert sustained a fractured cheekbone. As Brown said, “The SPL went ahead with an Old Firm game a week before. I was furious because they did not legislate for a play-off, especially not for one against England. Predictably, we get a major injury and my holding midfielder, who performed with such distinction in the Champions League final for Borussia Dortmund, cannot play. Barry Ferguson played brilliantly but he was not a holding midfielder. Scholes scored two goals and that was the guy Paul Lambert was going to pick up …”
Hutchison's next international goal was in Dublin in a 2–1 friendly win against the Republic of Ireland. His last international goal was in a World Cup qualifier away to San Marino. Scotland won all six games in which Hutchison scored for them. Craig Brown said of Hutchison, "Don has the all-round game to make things happen, he is good in the air, has an excellent touch and is a terrific passer, lacking only pace. But he makes up for this by being tough and determined. He is a fierce tackler who can mix it, and so is a real presence in any team."
Hutchison said in 2003, "My father died recently and he was my biggest fan. I cried when they played the national anthem before the Iceland game because Flower of Scotland was played at my dad's funeral. The happiest I ever saw him was when we beat England at Wembley thanks to my goal." He added, "Playing for Scotland for my dad was something I really wanted to do because it made him feel proud. I will never forget his face when we played England at Wembley."
International goals.
Scotland goals listed first
Media career.
Hutchison has forged a new career with Al Jazeera and TalkSport. In his retirement from playing he commented, "I still text Ally McCoist saying ‘come on, if David Weir is getting a game at 39 there is hope for me yet’.”
Hutchinson was recently featured on the "Going for Glold" feature on the fun football show The Football Ramble.
He also works as a pundit in PLTV which covers the English Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="2867304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867304" title="First City Hall (Ottawa)">
First City Hall (Ottawa)

The first city hall for the city of Ottawa, Ontario was built in 1849 on Elgin Street between Queen and Albert Streets.
Originally known as the West Ward Market Building on Elgin Street, the building was one of two markets in Ottawa, then called Bytown. The market did not last, facing competition from the Byward Market in the Lower Town and closed in that same year. 
The site was then donated to Bytown by town councillor Nicholas Sparks in 1849 for conversion to a town hall. The first meeting of the Ottawa Horticultural Society was held here on March 9, 1854.
Inadequate to the needs of the growing community, it was replaced in 1877 by the Second City Hall, built next to this site.
The wooden building, with a bell tower, had two floors with the first floor as a fire hall/police station and upper floor as town offices.

</doc>
<doc id="2867308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867308" title="Sea Around Us Project">
Sea Around Us Project

The Sea Around Us Project (SAUP) is an international research group based at the University of British Columbia Fisheries Centre that is devoted to studying the impacts of fisheries on the world's marine ecosystems. To achieve this, project staff have used a Geographic Information System (GIS) to map global fisheries catches from 1950 to the present, under explicit consideration of coral reefs, seamounts, estuaries and other critical habitats of fish, marine invertebrates, marine mammals and other components of marine biodiversity. The data presented, which are all freely available, are meant to support studies of global fisheries trends and the development of sustainable, ecosystem-based fisheries policies.
Members of the Sea Around Us Project uncovered that China was overestimating its catches and showed that, when such distortions were removed from overall fisheries catches, global fisheries were actually declining since the late 1980s. The Project also showed that the biomass of large fish in the North Atlantic is one tenth of what it was only a century ago. Aquaculture, according to another study with members from the Project, cannot be expected to compensate for overfishing but is instead likely to exacerbate the problem due to the reliance on wild fish for fishmeal. In other words, without serious long-term planning, the oceans might get a lot worse before they get better.
Initiated and mainly funded by the Pew Charitable Trusts in Philadelphia, the Sea Around Us Project documents human impacts and proposes policies to mitigate them. The Project contributes to global initiatives such as the Convention of Biological Diversity (through the development of the Marine Trophic Index) and the United Nations Millennium Ecosystem Assessment. The Sea Around Us Project also communicates to broad audiences to convey the urgency of reducing excess fishing capacity, the need to eliminate subsidies and create extensive networks of marine protected areas, and reconsider the current model of carnivorous aquaculture.

</doc>
<doc id="2867311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867311" title="List of opera companies">
List of opera companies

This list of opera companies lists the most important opera companies in the world by virtue of their long history and size. These companies are full-time professional opera companies that present a minimum of six fully staged opera productions during an annual season. To search more inclusive lists of opera companies by location see the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2867321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867321" title="Isola Maggiore">
Isola Maggiore

Isola Maggiore is the second largest island (at approximately 10-acres) on Lake Trasimeno, in Umbria, central Italy. It is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Tuoro sul Trasimeno, and is the only inhabited island on the lake, with a current population of 35.
History.
St Francis of Assisi lived on the island as a hermit from 1211. The 12th century Church of Saint Michael the Archangel was built on the top of the hill.
The island's only town reached its height in the 14th century, after the establishment of a Franciscan Monastery is 1328. Most of the towns buildings date from this period.
By the 1800s the town had a population of 700 and was in decline.
The Guglielmi castle was built on the monastery in the 1880s, which has since fallen into disrepair. The castle is in the process of being turned into a luxury resort and spa, although as of January 2010 for sale.
Economy.
Today the town is dependent on fishing, agriculture, tourism and traditional Irish lace making which was introduced in the 1900s. Some of the olive trees on the island are hundreds of years old.
From the end of February 1944 until 18 June 1944 the castle was used as an internment camp for Jews and political prisoners, sent there for their own safety by the Fascist Prefect of Perugia Armando Rocchi, who was under German instructions to send them instead to a concentration camp at Fosssoli, Carpi di Modena. After the Fascist authorities left Perugia and the British arrived at Sant'Arcangelo on 19 June they were eventually rowed to safety by the island's fishermen, to whom a monument has been erected in the open space next to the Lace Museum. The rescue was organised by the island's priest, don Ottavio Posta.
Visitors can explore the old town and hill; paths cross the island through the olive groves.

</doc>
<doc id="2867333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867333" title="Egg (magazine)">
Egg (magazine)

Egg is a style magazine for "gyaru" fashion, distributed in Japan. It features photos of "ganguro" girls and synopses about what they like or a popular trend. "Egg" also usually has photos of the newest fashions, where to buy them, latest hairstyles, cell phones, and make up tips. It also has candid photos of "ganguro" girls on the streets of Japan, similar to "Fruits" magazine. "Egg" has its own models which star in every magazine. Related to the declining of Gyaru popularity, the magazine will shut with the last issue on May 31, 2014.
Special editions.
Along with the main monthly issues, "Egg" also releases special magazine issues. One is a seasonal beauty magazine called "egg's Beauty" which used to be released each year, but is now typically released twice a year in spring and autumn & winter editions. Other special releases include "Manba" which was an issue published in 2004 when Manba was still a big boom in Japan, "Romi & Kana 120%" which was released in 2010 and was dedicated to popular and longstanding Egg models Hiromi Hosoi (referred to as Romihi in the magazine) and Kanako Kawabata's trip to Guam, and the most recent "Flowers" which was released in March 2011, and is described as "Girl's history of egg" which goes through 10 years of the magazine.
Models.
"Egg" typically uses the same models for each issue of the magazine, some of whom have been involved with the magazine for a very long time. Every so often, these "older generation" of models leave the magazine, and newer girls come in. Girls who leave the magazine usually go and model for another fashion magazine, or delve into something different, such as acting, singing or even setting up a clothing line, all of which are popular options. Some girls who leave the magazine return to a normal life outside of the media world and are very rarely seen in the public eye again. Notable Egg models Rumi Itabashi (formally Ringo) and Kaoru Watanabe who were part of the magazine for a long time have since left the magazine and have had children. 
Egg usually recruits new models for the magazine while finding girls for "Street Snaps", usually in the famous Center Gai (センター街 Sentā-gai) in Shibuya, Tokyo. This appears in the "Street Groove" section of the magazine which is a mix of random girls and Egg models. After a while of appearing in Street Snaps and small features and sections, girls may debut as more regular and full-time models for the magazine. Models for the magazine have public blogs which are followed by fans, and usually contain aspects of their personal lives as well as things related to the magazine or other career projects.
Other publications.
Egg has a few other counterpart magazines, including one for men called MensEGG, and also one for teenage boys called "Men's Egg Youth". These magazines again have their own models who feature in every issue. Men's Egg has a more grown-up and "rockier" style compared to Egg which mixes both cute and sexy styles, and Men's Egg Youth has a more colourful and extreme style. A sideline from Egg magazine is "EggMgg TV" (pronounced "eggmegg") which is an internet programme hosted by some of the models from Men's Egg. Each episode features different events that may be happening in and around Shibuya, such as magazine parties or brand promotions, and also different topics related to young people such as relationships and dating.

</doc>
<doc id="2867334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867334" title="Harry J. Wild">
Harry J. Wild

Harry J. Wild, A.S.C. (July 5, 1901 - February 24, 1961) was a film and television cinematographer. Wild worked at RKO Pictures studios from 1931 through the 1950s. In total Wild was involved in 91 major film projects and two extended television series.
In 1931, he began his career and was hired as second cameraman and operator on nine projects, most notably Fred Niblo's "Young Donovan'a Kid" (1931). In 1936, Wild shot his first feature, Wallace Fox's sports drama "The Big Game". Two years later he shared an Academy Award nomination for the Republic Pictures film "Army Girl" (1938).
According to film critic Spencer Selby, Wild was a prolific "film noir" cinematographer, shooting 13 of them, including: Dmytryk's "Murder, My Sweet" (1944), "Johnny Angel" (1945), "Nocturne" (1946), the Jean Renoir-directed "The Woman on the Beach" (1947), "They Won't Believe Me" (1947), and others. He was also, in the early 1950s, Jane Russell's cinematographer; he worked on seven of her movies as an actress, three of which were released by other studios: "His Kind of Woman" (1951) and "Son of Paleface" (1952) for Paramount, and, his most widely seen movie, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" (1953) for Twentieth Century-Fox.
Filmography.
Source:
Accolades.
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="2867337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867337" title="Gerry Reid">
Gerry Reid

Gerry Reid (born June 18, 1954 in Carbonear, Newfoundland) was the Leader of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. He served as interim leader from 2005 to 2006, until Jim Bennett replaced him in February 2006. Reid was reelected as leader of the party on May 29, 2006, after Bennett resigned due to differences with the Liberal Party caucus.
On October 9, 2007, in the general election, he led the party to its worst showing in the province's history with just 3 out of 48 potential seats. Reid was also defeated in his own riding by Progressive Conservative candidate Derrick Dalley, by a margin of twelve votes. Reid announced his departure from politics and resignation as party leader on November 13, 2007. He was subsequently replaced by MHA Yvonne Jones as interim leader.

</doc>
<doc id="2867341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867341" title="Kappa Aquilae">
Kappa Aquilae

Kappa Aquilae (κ Aql, κ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It is a faint star at apparent visual magnitude +4.957, but bright enough to be seen with the naked eye in dark suburban skies. The annual parallax is only 1.94 mas, which equates to a distance of approximately from Earth (with a 10% margin of error).
The spectrum of Kappa Aquilae matches a stellar classification of B0.5 III, where the luminosity class of III is typically associated with evolved giant stars. This is a huge star with 15.50 times the Sun's mass and 12.5 times the radius of the Sun. Massive stars like this blaze brightly; it is radiating 52,630-fold the Sun's luminosity from its outer atmosphere with a scorching effective temperature of 26,500 K, giving it the intense blue-white glow of a B-type star. It is only 11 million years of age and is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 265 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="2867342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867342" title="Associated Grocers of Florida">
Associated Grocers of Florida

Associated Grocers of Florida, Inc. is a retailers' cooperative based in Pompano Beach that distributes full lines of groceries and general merchandise. Founded in 1945, it provides retail services to independent Supermarkets.
Associated Grocers of Florida is a wholesale distributor and exporter of groceries, meat, produce, dairy, ice cream, frozen food, general merchandise, health and beauty care, and store supplies to supermarkets throughout Florida, Central and South America, and Caribbean countries. 
Store Brands include Shurfine, Shurfresh, Paws Premium Pet Care, Valutime, Top Care, IGA, and Full Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="2867347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867347" title="Frederick Sykes">
Frederick Sykes

Air Vice-Marshal The Right Honourable Sir Frederick Hugh Sykes GCSI, GCIE, GBE, KCB, CMG (23 July 1877 – 30 September 1954) was a military officer, British statesman and politician.
Sykes was a junior officer in the 15th Hussars before becoming interested in military aviation. He was the first Officer Commanding the Military Wing of the Royal Flying Corps before World War I and later served as the Flying Corps' Chief of Staff in France during the 1914 and 1915. Later in the War, he served in the Royal Naval Air Service in the Eastern Mediterranean before returning to Great Britain where he worked to organise the Machine Gun Corps and manpower planning. In late 1917 and early 1918, Sykes was the deputy to General Wilson on the Supreme War Council and from April 1918 to early 1919 he served as the second Chief of the Air Staff.
After the War, Sykes was appointed the Controller of Civil Aviation and he continued in this role until 1922 when he entered politics, becoming the Conservative MP for Sheffield Hallam, which he held until 1928 when he resigned. From 1928 to 1931 Sykes was Governor of Bombay, after which time he returned to Great Britain where he involved himself in business and public life. During World War II, Sykes was an MP once more, this time for Central Nottingham. He lost his seat in 1945 and he died nine years later.
Military career.
Sykes was the son of Henry Sykes and Margaret Sykes (née Sykes). Following civilian employment as a clerk and after working on a tea plantation in Ceylon, Sykes enlisted as a trooper in the Imperial Yeomanry Scouts regiment of the British Army at the start of the Second Boer War. Following capture, Sykes was forcibly marched across South Africa but was later abandoned and returned to the British forces. In 1900 he was commissioned into Lord Roberts' Bodyguard but suffered a serious wound to the chest which resulted in his being invalided back to Great Britain. On 2 October 1901 he was granted a regular commission as a second lieutenant in the 15th Hussars. He was posted to the West African Regiment and granted the local rank of lieutenant on 7 March 1903. He was promoted to the substantive rank of lieutenant on 29 July 1903.
In 1904, Sykes's interest in aviation was first demonstrated when he obtained his ballooning certificate whilst being attached to the Balloon Section of the Royal Engineers. He was restored to the establishment of the 15th Hussars on 22 September 1904. He joined the Intelligence Staff at Simla in India in 1905 before attending Staff College, Quetta in Autumn 1908. He was promoted to captain on 1 October 1908.
In 1910 Sykes commenced flying lessons at Brooklands which led to him being awarded Royal Aero Club certificate No. 96 in June 1911.
On 25 February 1911 Sykes was posted as a staff officer to the Directorate of Military Operations at the War Office. As a firm believer in the importance of wartime aerial reconnaissance, he was chosen to join the sub-committee of the Committee of Imperial Defence which was given the task of investigating the use of aircraft.
On 13 May 1912 Sykes was appointed Officer Commanding the Military Wing of the Royal Flying Corps with the temporary rank of major. His duties included the recruitment and training of pilots. While in command, Sykes solicited suggestions for a new motto for the Corps: Sykes approved J S Yule's suggestion, "Per Ardua ad Astra", and it was this phrase which was subsequently adopted by the Royal Air Force as its motto. On 9 July 1913 his role was restyled as Commandant of the Military Wing of the Royal Flying Corps and he was granted the temporary rank of lieutenant-colonel.
With the outbreak of World War I, Royal Flying Corps squadrons were deployed to France in August 1914. Although the configuration and effectiveness of the deployed forces owed much to Sykes, as a middle-ranking officer he lacked the seniority thought necessary for command in the field. General Henderson became the General Officer Commanding the Royal Flying Corps in the Field and Sykes acted as his Chief of Staff from 5 August 1914.
On 22 November 1914, Henderson was appointed General Officer Commanding the 1st Infantry Division and Sykes took up command of the Royal Flying Corps in the Field. However, Sykes did not spend long in command. The decision to post Henderson and replace him with Sykes was not to Lord Kitchener's liking and he ordered a reversal of the appointments. On 21 December 1914, Henderson resumed command of the Royal Flying Corps in the Field and Sykes was granted the temporary rank of colonel and once again made his Chief of Staff. He was promoted to the substantive rank of brevet lieutenant colonel on 18 February 1915. With the rapid expansion of the Corps, there was a growing debate between those who believed that the Corps should remain under central control and those who believed that its units should be placed under the control of the corps or divisional commanders. Unsurprisingly as Chief of Staff, Sykes took the former view and following increasing arguments, Sykes was posted on 26 May 1915 being placed at the disposal of the Admiralty. 
Sykes visited the Dardanelles to investigate the confused air situation and after writing a report he was appointed as the Officer Commanding the Royal Naval Air Service Eastern Mediterranean Station on 24 July 1915 with the rank of colonel commandant in the Royal Marines as well as the rank of Wing Captain in the Royal Naval Air Service. This made Sykes the air commander for the Dardanelles Campaign. During this time he acted on the recommendations of his report, building up his forces which sunk several Turkish ships. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George on 14 March 1916 and mentioned in despatches on 16 March 1916.
Sykes was made Assistant Adjutant and Quartermaster-General of the 4th Mounted Division in March 1916 and, having been awarded the Russian Order of St Vladimir, 4th Class on 12 April 1916, he was appointed Assistant Adjutant-General at the War Office with responsibility for organising the Machine Gun Corps and manpower planning on 9 June 1916. He was made Deputy Director of Organisation at the War Office and granted the temporary rank of brigadier-general on 8 February 1917. On 27 November 1917 he became Deputy Adjutant and Quartermaster-General at the War Office in which role he served on the British section of the Allied War Council in the Palace of Versailles under General Wilson.
Sykes's military career culminated in his appointment as Chief of the Air Staff on 13 April 1918 and, in that role, he did much to establish the new service. However, in January 1919, Winston Churchill was appointed Secretary of State for War and Secretary of State for Air. While Churchill was preoccupied with implementing post-War defence cuts and the demobilization of the Army, Sykes submitted a paper with what were at the time unrealistic proposals for a large air force of the future. Being dissatisfied with Sykes, Churchill decided to reinstate Sir Hugh Trenchard, the previous Chief of the Air Staff. Accordingly on 1 January 1919 Sykes was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath and allowed to take early retirement with the rank of major-general with effect from 31 March 1919.
Sykes was appointed a Commander of the Belgian Order of Leopold on 15 July 1919 and awarded the American Distinguished Service Medal on the same date. He was also granted the rank of air vice marshal when the RAF introduced its own rank structure on 1 August 1919, appointed a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire on 26 August 1919 and appointed an officer of the French Legion of Honour on 18 November 1919. 
From 1919 to 1922, Sykes was the Controller of Civil Aviation. He was awarded the Japanese Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class on 4 January 1921
and in 1922 he published "Aviation in War and Peace", a history of aviation in three chapters which covered pre-War flight, aviation during World War I and both military and civil aviation in peace time.
Political career.
Sykes entered political life at the general election in November 1922 when he was elected the Conservative Member of Parliament for Sheffield Hallam. Sykes retained the seat at the 1923 election and the 1924 election. He resigned the seat on 26 June 1928 to become Governor of Bombay on 17 October 1928. He was appointed a Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire on 3 November 1928 and a member of the Privy Council on 20 November 1928 and served in Bombay until 8 November 1933.
Sykes returned to Great Britain in 1933 and for the next six years he held various directorships and official committees posts. He was appointed a Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India on 2 February 1934 and a Knight of Justice of the Order of St John on 19 June 1936. With the outbreak of War in 1939 Sykes offered his services to the British Government but he was not required and so he stood for Parliament once more. Ater the death in May 1940 of Terence O'Connor, the Solicitor General and MP for Nottingham Central, Sykes was returned unopposed in the resulting by-election. He served as Nottingham Central MP until the 1945 general election and died at Beaumont Street in London on 30 September 1954.
Family.
In 1920 Sykes married Isabel Harrington Law, the elder daughter of Andrew Bonar Law; they had one son.

</doc>
<doc id="2867350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867350" title="Rho Aquilae">
Rho Aquilae

Rho Aquilae (ρ Aql, ρ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Delphinus – it moved across the border from Aquila into Delphinus in 1992. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.94 and is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye in good conditions. The annual parallax shift of this star is 21.75 mas, which corresponds to a physical distance of around from Earth.
This star has the traditional name Tso Ke, from the Mandarin 左旗 "zuǒqí" meaning "the left flag". In Chinese, (), meaning "Left Flag", refers to an asterism consisting of ρ Aquilae, α Sagittae, β Sagittae, δ Sagittae, ζ Sagittae, γ Sagittae, 13 Sagittae, 11 Sagittae and 14 Sagittae. Consequently, ρ Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
Rho Aquilae is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A2 V. This star is about 50 to 120 million years old and it displays an excess emission of infrared radiation that may be explained by a circumstellar disk of dust.

</doc>
<doc id="2867358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867358" title="VivoCity">
VivoCity

VivoCity (Chinese: 怡丰城) is the largest shopping mall in Singapore. Located in the HarbourFront precinct, it was designed by the Japanese architect Toyo Ito. Its name is derived from the word "vivacity". According to Mapletree chairman Edmund Cheng, VivoCity "evokes a lifestyle experience that is modern, stimulating and accessible to everyone, a place bubbling with energy and flowing with vitality".
History.
VivoCity was built on the site of the exhibition halls of the former World Trade Centre, now the HarbourFront Centre. It has of gross floor area and of retail space, larger than Suntec City and Ngee Ann City (the former of which was the largest before VivoCity's opening). It was designed by the renowned Japanese architect Toyo Ito. Mapletree Investments, a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings, is the developer of the S$417 million complex.
Official opening.
The shopping mall opened officially on December 1, 2006 after a topping-out ceremony on April 18 and a soft launch on October 7 of the same year. The official opening included a six-minute fireworks display, a concert by American band String Theory for the general public, and a Stefanie Sun concert at the mall's amphitheatre at the Sky Park on the third floor. The guest of honour of the event was chairman of Temasek Holdings and former cabinet minister S Dhanabalan. During its first month of opening, it attracted 4.2 million visitors, equivalent to the population of Singapore, and attracted 7.28 million visitors in total before the grand opening. The String Theory concert included a giant harp with strings stretching to the third floor of the mall. The concert was held at The Promenade and lasted ten days, from 1 to 10 December. Barricades were put at the boardwalk blocking the front portion of the boardwalk which is facing the Keppel Harbour. CISCO auxiliary police were deployed for the opening, with the food court on the third floor and the whole Sky Park (roof garden) closed to the public for the day. Parts of the car park were closed for the invited guests as well. A giant projection screen was put at the main entrance of the mall; this screen was to show the concert of Stefanie Sun.
Countdown.
VivoCity served as the official venue for the live televised countdown to the new year, instead of Sentosa as in previous years.
The 2007 Countdown, held from 31 December 2006 to 1 January 2007, was held at the rooftop amphitheatre and included performances by well-known homegrown artists from MediaCorp Channel 5 and 8, as well as the Top 11 finalists of the second season of Singapore Idol.
The 2008 Countdown, held from 31 December 2007 to 1 January 2008 showcased Taufik Batisah, Daren Tan Sze Wei and the Deal Or No Deal girls in addition to artists from Channel 5 and 8. Before the actual countdown party, fans were treated to a 50-minute showcase for the solo and group winners of the Channel 5 talent competition "Live The Dream", as well as performances by the other finalists of that competition.
The 2009 Countdown, from 31 December 2008 to 1 January 2009 was held. This time it was for the artists from Channel 8 and U instead of those from Channel 5. Since then, Channel 5 will hold its Countdown from The Float at Marina Bay.
It also held the following countdowns for the year of 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Facilities.
VivoCity's iconic architecture sets it apart from the traditional box format of many existing (and upcoming) retail developments in the region as it includes event spaces, al fresco dining by the 300 m long Promenade and a large roof-top amphitheatre. The Sky Park has been a popular place for all walks of life since its opening. The Play Court and the open spaces in the mall are popular with families and children. The Promenade and the entrance area with the water features a popular place for children to play in. The wading pool on the third floor is where many children play at besides the Play Court downstairs. The Sky Park has an Amphitheatre and was where the grand opening was held. It is also a place popular to view Sentosa. Some hold picnics in the mall's outdoor space as well. VivoCity's design allows it to accommodate over 300 tenants, including many new-to-market brands and retail concepts.
The mall has Singapore's largest cinema multiplex with 15 screens and 2,172 seats by the cinematic company Golden Village, along with one of the largest cinema screens in Asia. Companies such as Toys "R" Us and Dairy Farm have their flagship outlets in VivoCity. Dairy Farm, which owns Cold Storage, Shop N Save, Giant Hypermarket, 7-Eleven and Guardian Health & Beauty takes up 3,700 square metres (1 acre) of space on Basement 2 and about 7,400 square metres on Level 1. The new hypermart, called VivoMart, is connected by its own travelator and sells gourmet food from all over the world, including the United States, Germany, Japan and Australia. The hypermarket Giant is on both basement two and level one while Cold Storage and Guardian pharmacy are on level one.
There are two giant food courts — a 2,200 square metre Kopitiam Group facility in Basement 2 and another spread over 2,500 square metres run by the BreadTalk Group, which is a Food Republic food court in similar concept at its sister food court at Wisma Atria.
As one of the venues of the inaugural Singapore Biennale in 2006, several commissioned art pieces from established designers around the world were unveiled in VivoCity. It is the only venue of the Singapore Biennale where the exhibits are permanent. An international student design contest was recently held to find a design for incorporation into the architecture of VivoCity; it received 365 submissions.
Other features include a True Fitness gym, spas, restaurants and dance clubs. A Tangs store is located in the building on the first and second floor, which it is the only branch other than its flagship Orchard Road store. The store will sell merchandise that cannot be found at its Orchard Road store, and the management has said the aisles are wider. The first Gap store in Southeast Asia opened at the mall and a number of new faces to the Singapore retail market will set up shops at the mall.
There is a car park with a total of 2,179 lots and a loading and unloading bay. The car parks are located in basements 1 and 2 as well as from levels 2 to 7. Also, there is a coach and tour buses bay in the mall.
Transportation.
The terminal of the Sentosa Express monorail is located on level 3 (next to the Food Republic food court) and is known as Sentosa Station. It was officially opened on January 15, 2007.
Upgrading works.
The mall has seen several problems since its opening in October, such as lack of signs and directions. The mall provides brochures with layout maps at their information counters. The mall has engaged an Australian agency Woodhead to improve the signs. The new signs will be named after the anchor tenants instead of generic words as internal landmarks. New signs have been added to the corridors leading to elevator lobbies. All existing signs will be replaced.
The toilets were wet and a toilet bowl had a seat and cover missing from a ladies toilet. Sanitary bins were also overflowing, but the floors, sinks and cubicles were in acceptable condition. The management has since started on improvements to the toilets and the nursing room to cater to the heavy usage due to the number of shoppers. The works are being done in phases and have been completed since March 2007.
Some have raised issues of the water hygiene at its water features. The management cordoned off part of the pool for maintenance work for a time which has since been completed. The wading pool is filtered and chlorinated on a regular basis.
Incidents.
Scaffolding collapse.
On August 24, 2006, a 15-meter (50 ft) tall section of construction scaffolding outside the mall collapsed, injuring three workers.
Candy Empire controversy.
A notice posted in the Candy Empire shop in the basement initially banned trolleys and wheelchairs from entering. After an outcry in Singaporean newspapers and threats of boycotting, the store backed down and now allows entry to all.
Drain pipe leakage.
On November 15, 2009, a blocked drain pipe caused water to overflow at the entrance of two basement food courts. Tenants said that it was not the first time that this had occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="2867361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867361" title="Walls of Jericho (album)">
Walls of Jericho (album)

Walls of Jericho is the debut full-length studio album by German power metal band Helloween, released in 1985 on LP by Noise Records. 
In 1988, "Walls of Jericho" was released on CD. Due to the enhanced capacity of the CD, the "Helloween" EP/mini-LP and the song "Judas" from the "Judas EP" were added to the "Walls of Jericho" track listing; they are now released as a compilation. In the late 1980s, due to a manufacturing error, side one of several cassette copies of "Walls of Jericho" accidentally contained the music of Celtic Frost's "To Mega Therion", confusing many first-time Helloween listeners.
Track listings.
2006 Remastered & Expanded Edition.
"Disc one is the same as above."

</doc>
<doc id="2867366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867366" title="John H. Sammis">
John H. Sammis

John H. Sammis was the writer of the Christian hymn "Trust and Obey" with Towner in 1887. Sammis was born in 1846, in Brooklyn, New York and died in 1919 in Los Angeles, California. A businessman who became a Presbyterian minister, John Sammis also wrote the hymn "He's a Friend of Mine". He taught at the Bible Institute of Los Angeles.
Sammis wrote over 100 hymns. Most of them can be categorized in "Songs of TRUST" and "Songs of OBEDIENCE". They were compiled by T. C. Horton (a founder of Bible Institute of Los Angeles) and R. A. Torrey in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="2867369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867369" title="Frye's Inn">
Frye's Inn

Frye's Inn is an early 19th-century stagecoach inn and tavern near the "Capon Bridge" that crosses the Cacapon River in Capon Bridge, West Virginia.
History.
Frye's Inn, located on the east side of the Cacapon River, was constructed between 1800 and 1818 by Margaret Caudy and her husband Eli Beall. Originally known as Beall's Tavern, the log structure became a haven for early pioneers and stagecoach travelers headed west on the Northwestern Turnpike (presently U.S. Route 50). Beall's daughter Sarah Jane married a man with the surname Frye and this marriage between the Beall and Frye families resulted in the tavern's name change to Frye's Inn.
During the American Civil War, General Stonewall Jackson of the Confederate States Army and his men paused to pray under the large walnut tree directly opposite the inn along the turnpike. This event was later recounted by Jenny Frye in a local newspaper.
The inn currently serves as the private residence of Thomas Kipps of Capon Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2867376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867376" title="Arthur Mitchell (politician)">
Arthur Mitchell (politician)

Arthur Mitchell is a Canadian politician, who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Yukon and the leader of the Yukon Liberal Party from 2005 to 2011. He is a former real estate agent and an assistant to John Ostashek, the Yukon Party government leader from 1992 to 1996. He was elected leader in June 2005 in a leadership race against Pat Duncan, the Yukon's first Liberal premier. Duncan called the leadership race after seeing her government defeated and losing all but her own seat in the 2002 Yukon general election. Mitchell ran in the Copperbelt riding in that election, but did not win his seat.
He also served as alternate chair of the Yukon Worker's Compensation Health and Safety Board, on the City of Whitehorse Parks and Recreation Board, and on the Elijah Smith Elementary School Council.
He is originally from the United States, and the brother of television journalist Andrea Mitchell. He moved to Canada in the 1970s, settling in Atlin, British Columbia to run a general store until moving to Yukon in the early 1990s and becoming a real estate agent in Whitehorse.
Mitchell was elected to the Yukon Legislative Assembly in a by-election on November 21, 2005 in the Copperbelt riding.
On May 1, 2006, he became Yukon's Leader of the Official Opposition.
He ran in the redistricted riding of Copperbelt North in the 2011 election, but was defeated by Currie Dixon of the Yukon Party and announced his resignation of the head of the Yukon Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2867395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867395" title="Leonid Utyosov">
Leonid Utyosov

Leonid Osipovich Utyosov or Utesov (); real name Lazar (Leyzer) Iosifovich Vaysbeyn or Weissbein (Russian: Ла́зарь (Ле́йзер) Ио́сифович Вайсбе́йн) (, Odessa – 9 March 1982, Moscow), was a famous Soviet jazz singer and comic actor of Jewish origin, who became the first pop singer to be awarded the prestigious title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1965.
Biography.
Leonid Utyosov was brought up in Odessa (in present day Ukraine) and attended the Faig School of Commerce, from which he dropped out and joined the Borodanov Circus troupe as an acrobat. He started his stage career in 1911 in Kremenchuk, then returned to Odessa, changed his artistic name to Leonid Utyosov, and performed as a stand up comedian with the Rosanov troupe and with the Rishelyavsky Theatre. In 1917, he won a singing competition in Gomel, Belarus, then performed in Moscow.
In the 1920s, he moved to Leningrad and set up one of the first Soviet jazz bands. In Leningrad, he began collaboration with the popular composer, Isaak Dunayevsky, which turned out to be a breakthrough for both artists. At that time, Utyosov built a band of the finest musicians available in Leningrad, and created a style all his own - a jazz show with stand up comedy, which blended several styles, ranging from Russian folk songs to a variety of international cosmopolitan genres. In 1928, Utyosov toured Europe and attended performances of American jazz bands in Paris, which influenced his own style. During the 1930s, Utyosov and his band, called "Thea-Jazz" (a portmanteau of Theatrical Jazz) had a regular gig at the Marble Hall of the Kirov Palace of Culture in Leningrad. Utyosov's jazz band also performed at the Leningrad Maly Opera theatre, at the "Svoboda-teatr," and at the Leningrad Music Hall. In his performances, Utyosov delivered a variety of musical styles, including such genres as American jazz, Argentine tango, French chanson, upbeat dance, and Russian folk music.
His popularity was on the rise in the 1930s when he co-starred with Lyubov Orlova in the comedy "Jolly Fellows". In it, Utyosov performed such hits as "Serdtse" (Heart), "Me and My Masha at the Samovar," and "Tired Sun", also known in English as "Burnt by the Sun" (revived by Nikita Mikhalkov as a theme for his eponymous Oscar-winning film). During World War II, Utyosov performed on the front lines, helping lift the spirits of the Russian soldiers fighting against the Nazis. On Victory Day (9 May 1945), he performed on Sverdlov Square in Moscow.
Utyosov lived in Moscow for the rest of his life, albeit in many of his songs he alluded to his native town of Odessa, where a monument to him was dedicated in 2000.
Richard Stites writes:
In the years of the "red jazz age" (1932–1936) European and Soviet bands were heard in dozens of cities. The kings were Alexander Tsfasman and Leonid Utesov. ... Utesov - musically far less gifted - was actually more popular than Tsfasman, partly because of the spectacular success of his comedy film "Happy-Go-Lucky Guys", but mostly because his Odessa background and his circus and carnival road experience on the southern borscht belt gave him a clowning manner. He resembled his idol, the personable Ted ("Is everybody happy?") Lewis more than he did any of the great jazz figures of the time. In fact, Utesov was the typical "estrada" entertainer - quick witted, versatile, and funny. He was not only one of the stars of the 1930s but also a personal favorite of Stalin.
Honours and awards.
A minor planet, 5944 Utesov, discovered on May 2, 1984, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2867396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867396" title="George Tuska">
George Tuska

George Tuska (April 26, 1916 – October 16, 2009), who early in his career used a variety of pen names including Carl Larson, was an American comic book and newspaper comic strip artist best known for his 1940s work on various Captain Marvel titles and the crime fiction series "Crime Does Not Pay", for and his 1960s work illustrating Iron Man and other Marvel Comics characters. As well, he drew the DC Comics newspaper comic strip "The World's Greatest Superheroes" from 1978–1982.
He was a 1997 recipient of the industry's Inkpot Award.
Biography.
Early life and career.
George Tuska was born in Hartford, Connecticut, the youngest of three children of Russian immigrants Harry and Anna Onisko Tuska, who had met in New York City. George's siblings Peter, the eldest, and Mary, the middle child, were born in New York City. Years later, Mary died while giving birth to her second child, who was stillborn. Harry, a foreman at a Hartford auto-tire company, died when George was 14. Anna then opened a restaurant in Paterson, New Jersey, where she had relatives, and later remarried. At 17, Tuska moved to New York City, rooming with his cousin Annie, and a year later began attending the National Academy of Design. His artistic influences included illustrators Harold von Schmidt, Dean Cornwell, and Thomas Lovell, and comic strip artists Lou Fine, Hal Foster, and Alex Raymond. At some early point, he took his first job in art, designing women's costume jewelry.
Tuska then began working for comic book packager Eisner & Iger, one of a handful of companies at the time that supplied comics on demand for publishers entering the new medium. His first known published comic-book work appeared in Fox Comics' "Mystery Men Comics" #1 and "Wonderworld Comics" #4, both cover-dated August 1939. Tuska in the mid-2000s recalled:
At Eisner & Iger, Tuska said in 2001, "I worked alongside Bob Powell, Lou Fine, and Mike Sekowsky". His studio colleagues later grew to include artists Charles Sultan, John Celardo, and Nick Cardy, and writer Toni Blum. 
Writer-artist and company co-founder Will Eisner recalled of the period, "It was a friendly shop, and I guess I was the same age as the youngest guys there. We all got along. The only ones who ever got into a hassle were George Tuska and Bob Powell. Powell was kind of a wiseguy and made remarks about other people in the shop. One day, George had enough of it, got up, and punched out Bob Powell". The otherwise mild-mannered Tuska, thinking comic books "would last two or three years — a fad", later left to seek non-comics work. After two weeks, however, he came across colleagues Sultan and Dave Glaser, on their way to meet with comics packager Harry "A" Chesler. Tuska, invited along, joined Chesler's studio, working there in 1939 and 1940, earning $22 a week, increased to $42 a week within six months. Alongside colleagues that included Sultan, Ruben Moreira, Mac Raboy, and Ralph Astarita, to Tuska helped to supply content for such Fawcett Comics publications as "Captain Marvel Adventures". Later, when Eisner-Iger client Fiction House formed its own bullpen to produce work on staff, Tuska left Chesler to join Cardy, Jim Mooney, Graham Ingels and other artists there.
Tuska produced a prodigious amount of work that included, for Fiction House, the South Sea adventure feature "Shark Brodie" (under the pen name George Aksut) and the investigative feature "Hooks Devlin", both for "Fight Comics"; the rich-vigilante feature "Glory Forbes" in "Ranger Comics"; and "Jane Martin" in "Wings Comics". Before and during his six years at Fiction House, Tuska freelanced such features as the North Atlantic seafaring adventure "Spike Marlin" (as Carl Larson) in Harvey Comics' "Speed Comics"; "Wing Turner" (as Floyd Kelly) for Fox Comics' "Mystery Men Comics"; "Archie O'Toole" (as Bud Thomas) in Quality Comics' "Smash Comics" and "Cosmic Carson" (as Michael Griffith) in Fox's "Science Comics".
At some point, Tuska again worked for Will Eisner, now split from Jerry Iger, with a group of artists that included Alex Kotzky and Tex Blaisdell. "While with Eisner, I penciled some Spirit and Uncle Sam stories". (Tuska's first Uncle Sam work was the cover and virtually every story in "Uncle Sam Quarterly" #3, cover-dated Summer 1942.) Independently, he was assigned by Fawcett art director Al Allard to draw "a few more Captain Marvel stories. Allard had asked me to draw as close as possible to the way Captain Marvel had first appeared in "Whiz Comics". ... After those freelance jobs, I never worked for Fawcett again". Tuska's earliest Captain Marvel work appeared in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #2-4 (Summer 1941, Fall 1941, and the oddly dated Oct. 31, 1941).
Drafted into the U.S. Army circa 1942, Tuska was stationed at the 100th Division at Fort Jackson in Columbia, South Carolina, where he drew military plans and was honorably discharged after a year for reasons the artist did not specify. Returning home, he took up again with Fiction House, drawing a host of stories featuring Reef Ryan, Rip Carson, Lady Satan, the Western hero Golden Arrow, and Camilla, Queen of the Jungle.
"Crime Does Not Pay".
Following the huge popularity of superheroes during the World War II years, those characters' appeal began to dwindle in the post-war era. Comic-book publishers, casting about for new subjects and genres, found a hit in crime fiction, the most prominent comic of which was Lev Gleason Publications' "Crime Does Not Pay". Tuska would soon make a name for himself as one of the genre's top comics artists. After starting with short backup features and spot illustrations for text stories, Tuska was drawing the lead stories and more by "Crime Does Not Pay" #50 (March 1947).
1950s.
Tuska's first work for the future Marvel Comics came in 1949, when Marvel's predecessor company, Timely Comics, was transitioning to its 1950s iteration, Atlas Comics. His first confirmed credit is the seven-page story
"Justice Has a Heart" in "Casey - Crime Photographer" # 1 (Aug. 1949). He quickly went on to draw in an abundance of genres for Atlas, including crime fiction (in titles including "Crime Can't Win", "Crime Exposed", "Private Eye", "Justice", "Amazing Detective Cases", and "All True Crime Cases Comics"); military fiction ("Men in Action", "War Combat", "Man Comics", "Battlefield", and "Battle"); horror ("Adventures into Weird Worlds", "Adventures into Terror", "Mystic", "Menace", and "Strange Tales"); and, particularly, Westerns ("Black Rider", "Gunsmoke Western", "Kid Colt, Outlaw", "Red Warrior", "Texas Kid", "Two-Gun Kid", "Western Outlaws & Sheriffs", "Wild Western", and many others) through 1957, while also occasionally contributing to Lev Gleason and St. John Publications.
Simultaneously at first, from 1954 to 1959, Tuska took over as writer-artist for the failing adventure comic strip "Scorchy Smith", supplying "eye-catching drawings and interesting plots, but it was too late". The strip would end in 1961. Tuska by then had moved on to the long-running science-fiction comic strip "Buck Rogers", on which he was the final artist, drawing both the daily and Sunday strip from April 1959 to 1965, and the daily only from then through 1967, when both the daily and the Sunday were canceled.
The Silver Age.
Near the cancellation of the daily "Buck Rogers" strip, Tuska again found a freelance home at what was by now Marvel Comics, then in the full breadth of what historians and fans call the Silver Age of Comic Books. "I called and he said, 'Come on up', Tuska recalled in the mid-2000s. His first Marvel story, a "Tales of the Watcher" feature in "Tales of Suspense" #58 (Nov. 1964), included a special introduction by Lee, hailing the return of the Golden Age great.
Tuska became a Marvel mainstay, penciling and occasionally inking other artists on series as diverse as "Ghost Rider", "Sub-Mariner", and "The X-Men". His signature series became "Iron Man", on which he enjoyed a nearly 10-year, sometimes briefly interrupted, run from issue #5 (Sept. 1968) to #106 (Jan. 1978). He and writer Archie Goodwin created the Controller as an antagonist in "Iron Man" #12 (April 1969).
Comics historian Les Daniels noted that when Goodwin, Tuska and inker Billy Graham launched "Luke Cage, Hero for Hire" in 1972, "it was the first Marvel comic to take its title from a black character." Shanna the She-Devil was created by Carole Seuling, Steve Gerber, and Tuska in the eponymous first issue of that character's own series. He was one of the artists on the licensed movie tie-in series "Planet of the Apes". Due to Marvel not having the likeness rights for Charlton Heston, the star of the film, one of the lawyers at 20th Century Fox insisted on changes to Tuska's art. Editor Roy Thomas believed that Tuska "just made a handsome looking guy, but it didn't look like Heston...you can't argue. If somebody says it looks like Charlton Heston and they're worried he's gonna sue, you can't say 'no' because they just weren't going to give the approval." 
"The A.V. Club" insert of "The Onion" wrote, shortly before Tuska's death in 2009, that,
That assessment of Tuska's Marvel work is not widely shared. John Romita, Sr., Marvel's de facto and later official art director during this period, found Tuska "so versatile. He could do everything. When Stan knew that a guy could do anything, he used him in every possible, conceivable way. George was a helluva artist and very versatile and very fast. ... He was in demand". Comics writer and Tuska collaborator Tony Isabella wrote, "I would love to see a "Best of George Tuska" collection which included his crime, mystery, romance, war, and western stories. He brought as much excitement and talent to those genres as he did to superhero comics". Comics journalist and historian Tom Spurgeon wrote that,
Later career and death.
Later, for DC Comics, Tuska drew characters including Superman, Superboy, and Challengers of the Unknown. He had a five-year run drawing "The World's Greatest Superheroes" comic strip from 1978–1982, inked by Vince Colletta. By this time, his health had become a handicap; Jim Shooter, who scripted an issue of "Daredevil" penciled by Tuska in 1977, recalled that, "George Tuska was at the end of his brilliant career, he was mostly deaf, communication was difficult, and though he showed occasional flashes of the chops that made him a big name artist in his day, I don't think his work on "Daredevil" was anywhere near his best."
Retired from active comics work as of the 2000s, Tuska lived in Manchester Township, New Jersey with his wife Dorothy ("Dot"), where he did commissioned art. The couple had three children, Barbara, Kathy and Robert. Tuska died in 2009 "near the stroke of midnight between October 15 and October 16," officially on the latter date. His last published comic-book art was one of four variant covers for Dynamite Entertainment's "Masquerade" #2 (March 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="2867405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867405" title="Mário de Andrade">
Mário de Andrade

Mário Raul de Morais Andrade (October 9, 1893 – February 25, 1945) was a Brazilian poet, novelist, musicologist, art historian and critic, and photographer. One of the founders of Brazilian modernism, he virtually created modern Brazilian poetry with the publication of his "Paulicéia Desvairada" ("Hallucinated City") in 1922. He has had an enormous influence on modern Brazilian literature, and as a scholar and essayist—he was a pioneer of the field of ethnomusicology—his influence has reached far beyond Brazil.
Andrade was the central figure in the avant-garde movement of São Paulo for twenty years. Trained as a musician and best known as a poet and novelist, Andrade was personally involved in virtually every discipline that was connected with São Paulo modernism, and became Brazil's national polymath. His photography and essays on a wide variety of subjects, from history to literature and music, were widely published. He was the driving force behind the Week of Modern Art, the 1922 event that reshaped both literature and the visual arts in Brazil, and a member of the avant-garde "Group of Five." The ideas behind the Week were further explored in the preface to his poetry collection "Pauliceia Desvairada", and in the poems themselves.
After working as a music professor and newspaper columnist he published his great novel, "Macunaíma", in 1928. Work on Brazilian folk music, poetry, and other concerns followed unevenly, often interrupted by Andrade's shifting relationship with the Brazilian government. At the end of his life, he became the founding director of São Paulo's Department of Culture, formalizing a role he had long held as the catalyst of the city's—and the nation's—entry into artistic modernity.
Early life.
Andrade was born in São Paulo and lived there virtually all of his life. As a child, he was a piano prodigy, and he later studied at the Music and Drama Conservatory of São Paulo. His formal education was solely in music, but at the same time, as Albert T. Luper records, he pursued persistent and solitary studies in history, art, and particularly poetry. Andrade had a solid command of French, and read Rimbaud and the major Symbolists. Although he wrote poetry throughout his musical education, he did not think to do so professionally until the career as a professional pianist to which he aspired was no longer an option.
In 1913, his 14-year-old brother Renato died suddenly during a football game; Andrade left the Conservatory to stay at Araraquara, where his family had a farm. When he returned, his piano playing was afflicted intermittently by trembling of his hands. Although he ultimately did receive a degree in piano, he gave no concerts and began studying singing and music theory with an eye toward becoming a professor of music. At the same time, he began writing more seriously. In 1917, the year of his graduation, he published his first book of poems, "Há uma Gota de Sangue em Cada Poema" ("There is a drop of blood in each poem"), under the pseudonym Mário Sobral. The book contains hints of Andrade's growing sense of a distinctive Brazilian identity, but it does so within the context of a poetry that (like most Brazilian poetry of the period) is strongly indebted to earlier European—particularly French—literature.
His first book does not seem to have had an enormous impact, and Andrade broadened the scope of his writing. He left São Paulo for the countryside, and began an activity that would continue for the rest of his life: the meticulous documentation of the history, people, culture, and particularly music of the Brazilian interior, both in the state of São Paulo and in the wilder areas to the northeast. He published essays in São Paulo magazines, accompanied occasionally by his own photographs, but primarily he accumulated massive amounts of information about Brazilian life and folklore. Between these trips, Andrade taught piano at the Conservatory, and became one of its professors in 1921.
The Week of Modern Art.
While these folklore-gathering trips were going on, Andrade developed a group of friends among young artists and writers in São Paulo, who, like him, were aware of the growing modernist movement in Europe. Several of them were later known as the "Grupo dos Cinco" (the Group of Five): Andrade, poets Oswald de Andrade (no relation) and Menotti del Picchia, and artists Tarsila do Amaral and Anita Malfatti. Malfatti had been to Europe before World War I, and introduced São Paulo to expressionism. Jack E. Tomlins, the translator of Andrade's second book, describes in his introduction a particularly crucial event in the development of Andrade's modernist philosophy. In 1920, he had recently met the modernist sculptor Victor Brecheret, and bought a sculpture from him entitled "Bust of Christ," which depicted Christ as a Brazilian with braided hair. His family (apparently to his surprise) was shocked and furious. Andrade retreated to his room alone, and later recalled, in a lecture translated by Tomlins, that—still "delirious"—he went out onto his balcony and "looked down at the square below without actually seeing it."
Retaining that title ("Paulicéia Desvairada", in Portuguese), Andrade worked on the book for the next two years. He very quickly produced a "barbaric canticle", as he called it in the same lecture, and then gradually edited it down to half its original size.
These poems were entirely different from his earlier formal and abstract work. The lines of verse vary greatly in length and in syntactical structure, consisting primarily of impressionistic and fragmented descriptions interspersed with seemingly overheard, disconnected bits of speech in São Paulo dialect. The speaker of the poems often seems overwhelmed by the maze of dialogue that constantly interrupts him, as in "Colloque Sentimental":
<br>
After the poems were completed, Andrade wrote what he called an "Extremely Interesting Preface", in an attempt to explain in hindsight the poems' theoretical context (though Bruce Dean Willis has suggested that the theories of the preface have more to do with his later work than with "Paulicéia"). The preface is self-deprecating ("This preface—although interesting—useless") but ambitious, presenting a theory not just of poetry but of the aesthetics of language, in order to explain the innovations of his new poems. Andrade explains their tangle of language in musical terms:
He makes a distinction, however, between language and music, in that "words are not fused like notes; rather they are shuffled together, and they become incomprehensible." However, as Willis has pointed out, there is a pessimism to the preface; in one of its key passages, it compares poetry to the submerged riches of El Dorado, which can never be recovered.
In 1922, while preparing "Paulicéia Desvairada" for publication, Andrade collaborated with Malfatti and Oswald de Andrade in creating a single event that would introduce their work to the wider public: the "Semana de Arte Moderna" (Week of Modern Art). The "Semana" included exhibitions of paintings by Malfatti and other artists, readings, and lectures on art, music, and literature. Andrade was the chief organizer and the central figure in the event, which was greeted with skepticism but was well-attended. He gave lectures on both the principles of modernism and his work in Brazilian folk music, and read his "Extremely Interesting Preface." As the climactic event of the "Semana", he read from "Paulicéia Desvairada". The poems' use of free verse and colloquial São Paulo expressions, though related to European modernist poems of the same period, were entirely new to Brazilians. The reading was accompanied by persistent jeers, but Andrade persevered, and later discovered that a large part of the audience found it transformative. It has been cited frequently as the seminal event in modern Brazilian literature.
The Group of Five continued working together in the 1920s, during which their reputations solidified and hostility to their work gradually diminished, but eventually the group split apart; Andrade and Oswald de Andrade had a serious (and public) falling-out in 1929. New groups were formed out of the splinters of the original, and in the end many different modernist movements could trace their origins to the Week of Modern Art.
"The apprentice tourist".
Throughout the 1920s Andrade continued traveling in Brazil, studying the culture and folklore of the interior. He began to formulate a sophisticated theory of the social dimensions of folk music, which is at once nationalistic and deeply personal. Andrade's explicit subject was the relationship between "artistic" music and the music of the street and countryside, including both Afro-Brazilian and Amerindian styles. The work was controversial for its formal discussions of dance music and folk music; those controversies were compounded by Andrade's style, which was at once poetic (Luper calls it "Joycean") and polemical.
His travels through Brazil became more than just research trips; in 1927, he started writing a travelogue called "The apprentice tourist" for the newspaper "O Diario Nacional". The column served as an introduction for cosmopolites to indigenous Brazil. At the same time, it served as an advertisement for Andrade's own work. A number of Andrade's photographs were published alongside the column, showing the landscape and people. Occasionally, Andrade himself would appear in them, usually filtered "through" the landscape, as in the self-portrait-as-shadow on this page. His photographs thus served to further his modernist project and his own work at the same time as their function in recording folklore.
Though Andrade continued taking photographs throughout his career, these images from the 20s comprise the bulk of his notable work, and the 1927 series in particular. He was particularly interested in the capacity of photographs to capture or restate the past, a power he saw as highly personal. In the late 1930s, he wrote:
In many of the images, figures are shadowed, blurred, or otherwise nearly invisible, a form of portraiture that for Andrade became a kind of modernist sublime.
"Macunaíma".
At the same time, Andrade was developing an extensive familiarity with the dialects and cultures of large parts of Brazil. He started to apply to prose fiction the speech-patterned technique he had developed in writing the poems of "Hallucinated city". He wrote two novels during this period using these techniques: the first, "Love, Intransitive Verb," was largely a formal experiment.; the second, written shortly after and published in 1928, was "Macunaíma," a novel about a man ("The hero without a character" is the subtitle of the novel) from an indigenous tribe who comes to São Paulo, learns its languages—both of them, the novel says: Portuguese and Brazilian—and returns. The style of the novel is composite, mixing vivid descriptions of both jungle and city with abrupt turns toward fantasy, the style that would later be called magical realism. Linguistically, too, the novel is composite; as the rural hero comes into contact with his urban environment, the novel reflects the meeting of languages. Relying heavily on the primitivism that Andrade learned from the European modernists, the novel lingers over possible indigenous cannibalism even as it explores Macunaíma's immersion in urban life. Critic Kimberle S. López has argued that cannibalism is the novel's driving thematic force: the eating of cultures by other cultures.
Formally, "Macunaíma" is an ecstatic blend of dialects and of the urban and rural rhythms that Andrade was collecting in his research. It contains an entirely new style of prose—deeply musical, frankly poetic, and full of gods and almost-gods, yet containing considerable narrative momentum. At the same time, the novel as a whole is pessimistic. It ends with Macunaíma's willful destruction of his own village; despite the euphoria of the collision, the meeting of cultures the novel documents is inevitably catastrophic. As Severino João Albuquerque has demonstrated, the novel presents "construction and destruction" as inseparable. It is a novel of both power (Macunaíma has all kinds of strange powers) and alienation.
Even as "Macunaíma" changed the nature of Brazilian literature in an instant—Albuquerque calls it "the cornerstone text of Brazilian Modernism"—the inner conflict in the novel was a strong part of its influence. "Modernismo", as Andrade depicted it, was formally tied to the innovations of recent European literature and based on the productive meeting of cultural forces in Brazil's diverse population; but it was fiercely nationalistic, based in large part on distinguishing Brazil's culture from the world and on documenting the damage caused by the lingering effects of colonial rule. At the same time, the complex inner life of its hero suggests themes little explored in earlier Brazilian literature, which critics have taken to refer back to Andrade himself. While "Macunaíma" is not autobiographical in the strict sense, it clearly reflects and refracts Andrade's own life. Andrade was a mulatto; his parents were landowners but were in no sense a part of Brazil's Portuguese pseudo-aristocracy. Some critics have paralleled Andrade's race and family background to the interaction between categories of his character Macunaíma. Macunaíma's body itself is a composite: his skin is darker than that of his fellow tribesmen, and at one point in the novel, he has an adult's body and a child's head. He himself is a wanderer, never belonging to any one place.
Other critics have argued for similar analogues between Andrade's sexuality and Macunaíma's complex status. Though Andrade was not openly gay, and there is no direct evidence of his sexual practices, many of Andrade's friends have reported after his death that he was clearly interested in men (the subject is only reluctantly discussed in Brazil). It was over a pseudonymous accusation of effeminacy that Andrade broke with Oswald de Andrade in 1929. Macunaíma prefers women, but his constant state of belonging and not belonging is associated with sex. The character is sexually precocious, starting his romantic adventures at the age of six, and his particular form of eroticism seems always to lead to destruction of one kind or another.
Inevitably, "Macunaíma's" polemicism and sheer strangeness have become less obvious as it has grown ensconced in mainstream Brazilian culture and education. Once regarded by academic critics as an awkwardly constructed work of more historical than literary importance, the novel has come to be recognized as a modernist masterpiece whose difficulties are part of its aesthetic. Andrade is a national cultural icon; his face has appeared on the Brazilian currency. A film of Macunaíma was made in 1969, by Brazilian director Joaquim Pedro de Andrade, updating Andrade's story to the 1960s and shifting it to Rio de Janeiro; the film was rereleased internationally in 2009.
Late life and musical research.
Andrade was not directly affected by the Revolution of 1930, in which Getúlio Vargas seized power and became dictator, but he belonged to the landed class the Revolution was designed to displace, and his employment prospects declined under the Vargas regime. He was able to remain at the Conservatory, where he was now Chair of History of Music and Aesthetics. With this title he became a de facto national authority on the history of music, and his research turned from the personal bent of his 1920s work to textbooks and chronologies. He continued to document rural folk music, and during the 1930s made an enormous collection of recordings of the songs and other forms of music of the interior. The recordings were exhaustive, with a selection based on comprehensiveness rather than an aesthetic judgment, and including context, related folktalkes, and other non-musical sound. Andrade's techniques were influential in the development of ethnomusicology in Brazil and predate similar work done elsewhere, including the well-known recordings of Alan Lomax. He is credited with coining the word "popularesque," which he defined as imitations of Brazilian folk music by erudite urban musicians ("erudite" is generally a deprecation in Andrade's vocabulary). The word continues to have currency in discussion of Brazilian music as both a scholarly and nationalist category.
In 1935, during an unstable period in Vargas's government, Andrade and writer and archaeologist Paulo Duarte, who had for many years desired to promote cultural research and activity in the city through a municipal agency, were able to create a unified São Paulo Department of Culture ("Departamento de Cultura e Recreação da Prefeitura Municipal de São Paulo"). Andrade was named founding director. The Department of Culture had a broad purview, overseeing cultural and demographic research, the construction of parks and playgrounds, and a considerable publishing wing. Andrade approached the position with characteristic ambition, using it to expand his work in folklore and folk music while organizing myriad performances, lectures, and expositions. He moved his collection of recordings to the Department, and expanding and enhancing it became one of the Department's chief functions, overseen by Andrade's former student, Oneyda Alvarenga. The collection, called the "Discoteca Municipal," was "probably the largest and best-organized in the entire hemisphere."
At the same time, Andrade was refining his theory of music. He attempted to pull together his research into a general theory. Concerned as always with "Modernismo's" need to break from the past, he formulated a distinction between the classical music of 18th- and 19th-century Europe, and what he called the music of the future, which would be based simultaneously on modernist breakdowns of musical form and on an understanding of folk and popular music. The music of the past, he said, was conceived in terms of space: whether counterpoint, with its multiple voices arranged in vertical alignment, or the symphonic forms, in which the dominant voice is typically projected on top of a complex accompaniment. Future music would be arranged in time rather than space: "moment by moment" (in Luper's translation). This temporal music would be inspired not by "contemplative remembrance", but by the deep longing or desire expressed by the Portuguese word "saudade".
Through his position at the Department of Culture in this period, he was able to assist Dina Lévi-Strauss and her husband, Claude Lévi-Strauss with films they were making based on field research in Mato Grosso and Rondônia.
Andrade's position at the Department of Culture was abruptly revoked in 1937, when Vargas returned to power and Duarte was exiled. In 1938 Andrade moved to Rio de Janeiro to take up a post at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro. While there he directed the Congresso da Língua Nacional Cantada (Congress of National Musical Language), a major folklore and folk music conference. He returned to São Paulo in 1941, where he worked on a collected edition of his poetry. 
Andrade's final project was a long poem called "Meditação Sôbre o Tietê." The work is dense and difficult, and was dismissed by its early critics as "without meaning", although recent work on it has been more enthusiastic. One critic, David T Haberly, has compared it favorably to William Carlos Williams's "Paterson," a dense but influential unfinished epic using composite construction. Like "Paterson", it is a poem about a city; the "Meditação" is centered around the Tietê River, which flows through São Paulo. The poem is simultaneously a summation of Andrade's career, commenting on poems written long before, and a love poem addressed to the river and to the city itself. In both cases, the poem hints at a larger context: it compares the river to the Tagus in Lisbon and the Seine in Paris, as if claiming an international position for Andrade as well. At the same time, the poem associates both Andrade's voice and the river with "banzeiro," a word from the Afro-Brazilian musical tradition: music that can unite man and river. The poem is the definitive and final statement of Andrade's ambition and his nationalism.
Andrade died at his home in São Paulo of a heart attack on February 25, 1945, at the age of 52. Because of his tenuous relationship with the Vargas regime, the initial official reaction to his career was muted. However, the publication of his "Complete Poems" in 1955 (the year after Vargas's death) signalled the start of Andrade's canonization as one of the cultural heroes of Brazil. On February 15, 1960, the municipal library of São Paulo was renamed "Biblioteca Mário de Andrade."
Partial bibliography.
Poetry.
Published posthumously:
Essays, criticism, and musicology.
Posthumous:
Stories and Crônicas.
Posthumous:
Journals.
Posthumous:

</doc>
<doc id="2867413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867413" title="Give blood (disambiguation)">
Give blood (disambiguation)

Blood donation occurs when an individual voluntarily has blood drawn, usually for a blood transfusion to another person.
Give blood may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867420" title="MensEGG">
MensEGG

MensEGG is a style magazine distributed in Japan aimed at young men. It is a counterpart of Egg magazine, which focuses on Gyaru-oh (male Gyaru) fashions – it is the gyaru-oh bible. There is also "Men's Egg Bitter" magazine, aimed at Gyaruo aged 23 and above.
"Men's Eggs image revolves around Japanese working-class trends, appealing to young men mostly under 20. 
It draws inspiration from Japanese "yankee" (delinquent) culture, also with techno and surfer influences.
This style is often looked down on by some other Japanese, who associate it with juvenile delinquency, and also, "Inakamono"(somebody from the countryside). The generic "Bon-Jovi"-esque style featured in Men's Egg magazine can be found being offered cheaply in chain clothing-stores across Japan such as "Zenmall" or "Jeansmate" although the big name gyaruo fashion brands sell for high prices.
Apart from fashion, the magazine also features information for young teenagers, such as advice on picking up girls, dating, and explicit articles with advice on sex. The magazine also contains information about club events. "Men's Egg" style continues to be very popular in Japan, and can be found in most convenience stores.
Men's Egg ceased publication in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2867431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867431" title="Nikolai Virta">
Nikolai Virta

Nikolai Yevgenyevich Virta () (real name Karelsky) ( - January 3, 1976) was a Soviet writer who developed the theory of "conflictless" drama.
Biography.
Nikolai Virta was born in the village of Bolshaya Lazovka in Tambov Governorate, into the family of a village priest who was shot in 1921 as a supporter of Aleksandr Antonov. From 1923 he worked as a reporter for newspapers and radio, and from 1930 he lived in Moscow. He won fame with his 1935 novel "Odinochestvo" (Alone), which he used as the basis for his play "Zemlya" (Earth, 1937). He was awarded the Stalin Prize for the novel in 1941, as he was for his plays "Khleb nash nashushchny" (Our Daily Bread) in 1948 and "Zagovor obrechennykh" (Conspiracy of the Condemned, a "virulently anti-American drama") in 1949 and for his script for the film "Stalingradskaya bitva" (The battle of Stalingrad) in 1950. He later turned his 1956 novel "Krutye gory" (Steep Hills) into the play "Dali dal'nye, ne oglyadnye" (1957).
In 1943 Joseph Stalin decided to allow publication of the Bible in Russia, and Virta was chosen as the censor for the project; he decided there were no deviations from Communist ideology and passed it without alteration. In 1954, as the result of a scandal, he was excluded from the Writers' Union, but he was reinstated in 1956.
In describing the "nadir of the Soviet theatre" between World War II and the death of Stalin, Michael Glenny writes:
Matters reached the depth of absurdity when one of the most compliant Stalinist playwrights, Nikolay Virta, propounded the theory of 'lack of conflict'. According to this, the only possible basis of drama for a Soviet play was the struggle between the 'good' and the 'better'. The resulting plays were so abysmal that even the party was forced to disown them.
Kornei Chukovsky described Virta as follows in his diary entry for October 19, 1941:
But morally suspect as he is, there is something endearing about him: he hasn't read a thing and doesn't care for poetry, music, or nature, yet he is hardworking, tireless in his machinations (and not only when they're for his own good), not without literary ability (some of his newspaper reports are very well written). It's just that he's a predatory type by nature. He adores things—fancy clothes, fine furniture, rich food—and power.

</doc>
<doc id="2867432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867432" title="Studentship">
Studentship

United States
In the US a "studentship" is similar to a scholarship but involves summer work on a research project. The amount paid to the recipient is normally tax-free, but the recipient is required to fulfill work requirements. Types of studentships vary among universities and countries. Studentships are sometimes known as teaching and research assistantships. Studentships are almost exclusively awarded to research students, preferably at the Ph.D. level.
United Kingdom
In the UK, a 'studentship' is a common name for a PhD scholarship. At Christ Church, Oxford, however, the term "Studentship" has the same meaning as the term "Fellowship" has at other colleges, i.e. the office of a Student or the duration thereof, or the Students collectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2867446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867446" title="Big Y">
Big Y

Big Y Foods, Inc. (or Big Y) is an American supermarket chain. Big Y has stores in Connecticut and Massachusetts. It operates under the trade names "Big Y World Class Market" or "Big Y Supermarket."
In 1936, a young entrepreneur, Paul D'Amour, with aid from his brother Gerald and sisters Ann Marie, Yvette, and Gertrude, purchased the Y Cash Market in the Willimansett section of Chicopee, Massachusetts at an intersection where two roads converged at a "Y". On December 12, 1936, the brothers began Y Cash Market, the forerunner of Big Y. The company is headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts. Big Y now is run by cousins Charles and Donald D'Amour.
Big Y is one of the largest independently-owned supermarket chains in New England, and employs over 8,500 people. Big Y is the 268th-largest private company in the United States, according to the 2005 Forbes Magazine "500 Largest Private Companies" list.
Stores.
As of December 2013, Big Y operates 59 supermarkets (29 located in Massachusetts and 30 located in Connecticut); many of which are located in the metropolitan areas of Springfield, Worcester, and Hartford. In addition to its traditional supermarkets, Big Y owns and operates two specialty markets: Table & Vine, a large specialty liquor and wine store in West Springfield; and the Fresh Acres Market, a concept mixing an open-air-style farmers' market with upscale food choices, in Springfield. Big Y also operates two standalone pharmacies in Springfield and Wilbraham in addition to the pharmacies located in many of its stores. 
Big Y's largest competitor is Stop & Shop, based out of Quincy, and to a lesser extent Big Y also competes with Boston-based Shaw's and Albany, New York's Price Chopper supermarkets. In Connecticut, Big Y is the second-largest supermarket chain by number of locations, with only Stop & Shop operating more Connecticut stores. 
Some Big Ys offer free child care for customers, operating as the Little Y Kids' Club. Big Y also competes by offering "buy one, get two free" sales and special coins redeemable for discounts that change bi-monthly.
Unlike most supermarkets, whose sales run Sunday to Saturday, Big Y's sales week is Thursday to Wednesday, as most customers get paid on Thursdays.
In 2011, Big Y's 75th anniversary, plans included a gala and a sweepstakes for customers with a top prize of $75,000; the drawing was held at the Big E.
In 2012 after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Big Y's Newtown location put up four large green and white ribbons on the outside of the store and were also selling ribbons, shirts, and other items to show their support to those who were lost.
In 2013, Big Y announced they were partnering with fellow Springfield-based company, F.L. Roberts, to enter the convenience store and fuel station industry. The newly created convenience stores will be branded "Big Y Express." The first of these new stores opened in the fall of 2013 in Lee, adjacent to Big Y's full-size supermarket.
Expansion.
Big Y focuses primarily on opening stores to strengthen its existing footprint, though that footprint is expanding slowly. In 2010, Big Y announced that its new store plans included Lee, Franklin, and Milford, Massachusetts; according to its website, each town would have a store by 2012. The Lee store opened in November 2011, adding to Big Y's presence in the Berkshires; while the Franklin store opened in August 2012 and is the chain's newest location. The Franklin store is a sister location to Big Y's store in Walpole, which had previously been their only store in Greater Boston. During 2011 Big Y also announced a new store in Foxborough, but plans for that location were ultimately withdrawn. Plans to construct a store in Holyoke, MA (originally announced in 2011) were also withdrawn in September 2013. Two future store locations are in development for Simsbury, CT, and Old Saybrook, CT, both of which are expected to open in 2014. 
In late 2010, Big Y purchased seven stores from A&P, which was leaving central Connecticut. Four of these (Branford, Mystic, Old Lyme, West Hartford) were re-opened as Big Y World Class Markets, bringing Big Y's Connecticut store count at the time to 28. Another Big Y opened in Meriden, Connecticut in August 2011.
Big Y has stores near the New York, Rhode Island, and Vermont borders, but expansion into these states has not yet been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="2867451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867451" title="Gary Buckenara">
Gary Buckenara

Gary Buckenara (born 3 July 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Buckenara first played senior football for Subiaco in the West Australian Football League from 1979 to 1981. Subiaco agreed to lease him for three years for $210,000 and after a court case began his career at Hawthorn. His kicking was highly regarded by his teammates and his reputation in football was assured when he kicked a goal after the siren in the 1987 Preliminary Final to defeat Melbourne.
During his time at Hawthorn, Buckenara played 154 games, usually playing in the centre or at half-forward when he had problems with his knees. He kicked 293 goals, won four premierships and played in one losing Grand Final team. He played for his state regularly from 1979 onwards and was selected as the Western Australian captain. In 1983, 85 and 86, he was named in the All Australian Team. His career ended early due to knee injuries, and he moved into coaching. He was appointed senior coach of the Sydney Swans in 1992 but was replaced in the middle of the 1993 season, when the Swans were performing quite badly. He returned to his original club Subiaco to coach in 1995 and 1996 and is now one of the staff at Hawthorn. In 2003, he was named in the Hawthorn Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="2867456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867456" title="PlayStation Broadband Navigator">
PlayStation Broadband Navigator

PlayStation Broadband Navigator (also referred to as BB Navigator and PSBBN) is software for Japanese PlayStation 2 consoles that formats a hard disk drive for use with those consoles and provides an interface for manipulating data on that hard disk drive. It only works with official PlayStation 2 HDD units.
Apparently the PlayStation Broadband Navigator has a more strict region lock on it than normal PlayStation 2 software, as the software will only boot on NTSC-J systems with a model number ending in 0, meaning they are sold in Japan, making the software unusable on Korean and Asian NTSC-J PlayStation 2 consoles.
Features.
PlayStation Broadband Navigator offers many features that are not available with the original HDD Utility Disc software. Some Japanese releases take advantage of the features, and may even require a specific version (or higher) of the software.
Non-Japanese Release.
Sony Computer Entertainment America released the HDD on March 23, 2004 with HDD Utility Disc 1.01 and bundled with Final Fantasy XI. Consumers that knew about PlayStation Broadband Navigator were confused as to why it wasn't included with the HDD Utility Disc. SCEA's response was always that PlayStation Broadband Navigator would be released in North America "at a later date." This date now appears to be never in light that SCEA has switched to only manufacturing the slim, HDD-incompatible PlayStation 2 models and stopping manufacture of HDD units for their region.
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe and Sony Computer Entertainment Australia never released the HDD outside of the Linux Kit before switching to only manufacturing the slim PlayStation 2 model, so it appears that neither HDD Utility Disc or PlayStation Broadband Navigator will be released in those regions.
Broadband Navigator can now be used on any PS2 by using a modified var.
Compatible Software.
A few games require PlayStation Broadband Navigator either for certain features to work, or for the game to work at all.

</doc>
<doc id="2867459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867459" title="Dmitri Skobeltsyn">
Dmitri Skobeltsyn

Dmitri Vladimirovich Skobeltsyn () (born November 24, 1892, Saint Petersburg – November 16, 1990) was a Soviet physicist, academician of the Soviet Academy of Sciences (1946), Hero of Socialist Labor (1969).
Dmitri Skobeltsyn was awarded the Stalin Prize (1950), six Orders of Lenin, two other orders, and numerous medals.
In 1923, while using a cloud chamber to try to detect gamma radiation in cosmic rays, Skobeltsyn detected particles that acted like electrons but curved in the opposite direction in an applied magnetic field. He was puzzled by these results, and they remained unexplained until the discovery of the positron in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="2867462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867462" title="General Richard Butler Vagabonds Drum and Bugle Corps">
General Richard Butler Vagabonds Drum and Bugle Corps

The General Butler Vagabonds junior drum and bugle corps is a drum and bugle corps and community band marching band founded in 1966 by Andrew Yaracs and others.
History.
The General Butler Vagabonds hail from Lyndora (Butler), Pennsylvania, approximately 35 miles north of Pittsburgh. The corps serves the Western Pennsylvania region, providing a low-cost musical experience for youth ages 12–21. The Vagabonds were affiliated with Drum Corps International. As of 2008, they are a parade corps with a young, but active membership. The corps has begun a recruitment drive in hopes of a return to DCI Competition.
Founded in 1966 by Andrew Yaracs and others, the Vagabonds at first was an all-male corps. By 1971, however, the Vagabonds were gender integrated. They won the U.S. Open Class A Championship in Marion, Ohio, in 1969, 1971, and 1972. This vaulted the organization into the upper tiers of the elite Class A corps of the era. 
The 1970s were the corps' heyday, when it placed well in DCI competition and became an Associate member of DCI in 1975. Many outstanding players and teachers such as Andy Yaracs Jr., Bill Coulter, Bruno Zuccala, Tony Christofano, Scott Koter, Curt Hawkins, Ken Fennell, Candy Weigel, Mike Rhodes, Jack Ratica, and others marched in the 1970s era Vagabonds. This era also saw Pat Cavanaugh and Ed Lewis win DCI Individuals on French Horn and Soprano, respectively and Ken Fennell place 2nd behind Lewis at Denver DCI 1975 and 1976 Philadelphia DCI 
The corps became well known for its large, talented brass lines taught by the late Pete Spadero. The 1975 offering gained notoriety by beating nearly every other line in head to head competition. Powered by Lewis, Hawkins, Cavanaugh, Fennell and others, the corps presented the first of its hallmark "Big Band" shows featuring American Patrol and the Harry James Medley. The soprano solos by Fennell gained the reputation of Harry James II. In addition, the Vagabonds were the host corps for the long-running classic drum corps show the American International Open. In its heyday during the late 1970s and early 1980s, the AIO was a two- or three-day event with national corps hoping to capture the lucrative purse. By 1981, however, the Vagabonds could field only 18 horns and were not as competitive as in earlier years. The first generation of Vagabonds came to an end after the 1981 season. 
The Vagabonds seem to have a cyclical pattern of performing for several years and then spending time rebuilding. For instance, after the corp's most successful era in the late 1970s, the Corps went inactive in DCI competition in 1982. In that year, the corps marched in parades and rebuilt with heavy recruitment from Beaver County, Pennsylvania. In 1983, the Vagabonds would return with a large class A corps in 1983 featuring 32 brass, 22 cg and 25 percussion. When the 1983 Vagabonds stepped onto the field at Allentown to open the competitive season, it was almost an entirely new corps. Less than five members had prior DCI experience. This version of the Vagabonds, with few seasoned members, emphasized crowd entertainment. In 1983 Musical Director and drum corps legend Robert "Pepe" Notaro chose a traditional show of Drum Corps traditional favorites. Scores were relatively low in 1983 as the young battery struggled. 
By 1984, the Vagabond percussion section had begun to markedly improve under the instruction of Andrew Yaracs, Tom Milchek and Dave Campbell. Meantime, a new musical director, Ron Crusan, updated the corps' show with contemporary pop tunes. In 1984, the Vagabonds were very competitive with corps of their size such as the Black Watch from Wilmington NJ., and made the finals of several national shows. Nevertheless, the Vagabond's show design remained behind the times in conceptualization. In 1983, the Garfield Cadets had changed the competitive nature of Drum Corps with their fast moving and expansive drill. The Vagabonds, like many other smaller corps remained behind the times in that regard.
In 1985, the battery would step to the fore with 8 snares, 3 quads, five bases, 4 cymbals, five pit and a quality of sound that was rapidly approaching the upper ranks of DCI Class A. But the hornline had declined in number to 18 members. With competitive scores remaining relatively low, seasoned members began seeking a more competitive experience joining corps such as the Garfield Cadets, Bridgemen, Boston Crusaders, Canton Blue Coats, and the Crossmen. With a very small amount of brass players remaining, the corps retired from DCI competition for the 1986 season. The Vagabonds returned to the parade route in the late 1980s in order to rebuild.
Throughout their history, the Vagabonds have participated in field contests and parades in 38 states in the USA and Canada. They were voted the best marching and playing military unit at the Baltimore National VFW Parade in 1990, in the New Orleans 1991 parade, in Indianapolis in 1992, and in Dallas in 1993. 
In the late 1990s, the General Butler Vagabonds entered a new era.
While Andrew Yaracs remained the organization's guiding light, a new staff led by Dave Campbell rejuvenated the corps. While much smaller than the corps of the 1970s and 1980s, the Vagabonds enjoyed success in the DCI Division III. This version of the corps performed more sophisticated shows emphasizing themes such as "Fiddler on the Roof." The Vagabonds made DCI Finals as a Division III corps in 1997 with their ground-breaking "Fiddler on the Roof" show. The corps received the coveted "Spirit of Disney" award for most entertaining program in 1997, and the Bronze medal and 3rd place in Division III in 1998. The 99 program, music from the opera "Carmen" finished 4th and secured the High Brass trophy. Unfortunately, by 2000, the Dave Campbell-led version of Vagabonds had collapsed due to conflicts between the Board of Directors and the Artistic staff. Many of the 1990s era Vagabonds moved on to other more competitive units.
For the period from 2000 to 2012, the corps featured younger performers and did mostly local parades and performance at the VA under the directorship, once again, of Andy Yaracs. The corps performance schedule gradually shrunk as his health declined. Mr. Yaracs passed away on March 26th, 2012 and age 88.
After a period of uncertainty, co-founder and former Vice President of the corps Alex Schott took the reins and a new path forward was forged by Mr. Rich Zamperini and several alumni, who successfully relaunched the group as a summer parade and performance unit that performed in the Small Drum Corps Association (SDCA)in 2013. With new energy and a new staff, Rich's energy and passion caught fire with new members and the corps had a great summer or mostly local performances. Sadly, the pattern was again repeated with tension between the board and director that led to Mr. Zamperini leaving his position in August that same year.
During their long history, the Vagabonds have been unique in many ways. First, there was never a tour fee. Amazingly enough, Corps Director Andrew Yaracs built a successful financial operation through hard work and shrewd business maneuvers. The Vagabonds own two corps halls-one devoted to bingo and fundraising, and the other for rehearsals. In addition, the corps maintains a fleet of buses and trucks that at one time provided transportation to the Butler Community at large. The Vagabonds also never suffered the often rumored "peanut-butter and jelly" diets that some corps endured. The Vagabonds ate well, had excellent instruments, uniforms and rehearsal spaces thanks to the Board of Directors.
The bingo hall, once a huge part of the corps fund raising efforts has seen a steady decline in patrons since casino gambling has been made legal in the state. The current board of directors is working to increase attendance and is, once again, renting the facility for weddings and other events in an attempt to fund the corps in a more meaningful way. With such a long and varied history, the only remaining active Junior corps in the Pittsburgh area is still a work in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="2867466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867466" title="Yamada Denki">
Yamada Denki

Overview.
The company was founded in 1973 as a privately owned store. Yamada Denki Co., Ltd. was established in 1983. The current corporation was created on May 21, 1987, by a merger with the dormant company "Japan Electrical Wiring Industries", founded in 1978, via a change in the face value of the stock, and a change in the company name (to Kabushiki-gaisha Yamada Denki). Yamada Denki is listed in the first division of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and the location of its head office is 4-40-11, Hiyoshi-chō, Maebashi, Gunma Prefecture, Japan. The head office is scheduled to move to Takasaki, Gunma in 2007. In February 2005, the company achieved sales figures of 1 trillion yen, making it the first specialist retailer in Japan to do so.
At the end of 2004, the company had 223 directly run stores across Japan, and 33 stores owned by subsidiaries, a total of 256 stores. It aims to expand further by branching out into small-scale retail and retail in the areas close to train stations. With the opening of the Tecc Land Tokushima Aizumi store in Aizumi, Tokushima Prefecture, on July 29, 2005, it became the first consumer electronics retailer to have stores in every prefecture in Japan.
There is a strong rivalry between Yamada Denki and Kojima, another major retailer of consumer electronics, with its head office in the neighboring prefecture of Tochigi, in Utsunomiya. Sales competition between the two has often caused sparks to fly, and sometimes disputes have ended up in court. There have been fierce battles for shop sales and store locations with other companies in the same industry, and in every store location "consumer electronics wars" named after the local area have broken out. In Shizuoka, in June 2005, Yamada Denki made news by opening a store next to the Kojima store on National Route 1, Suruga-ku, which was of the same scale. There are several other stores next to Kojima stores. In Kumagaya, Saitama Prefecture, despite having a store at some distance from the Kojima store, Yamada Denki opened a new store in the building vacated by Maruetsu, right in front of Kojima's nose, while keeping their existing store open. Kojima then opened a "New Kumagaya store", more than twice the size, renovating it using the scrap-and-build method. Since the 1990s, competition between the stores has been so tight that other rivals are unable to come close. At one point during the time when it was called Gigas Kansai, Gigas opened a store, but was quickly forced to withdraw. In Kōriyama, Fukushima, Kojima and Best Denki used to have stores at the same crossroads, but Best Denki withdrew, and Kojima reopened its New Murayama store, which had been closed, increasing its area several times using the scrap-and-build method. The competition in the consumer electronics field is still continuing at present.
Before Yamada Denki brought in its point system, it set up an experimental store to test the system, using the name "Digital 21" rather than "Tecc Land", in Adachi-ku and Okayama Prefecture. In Okayama, a Tecc Land store was closed and renovated to turn it into the Digital 21 Okayama store.
Groups including , a trade union composed of booksellers from across Japan, have expressed the opinion that issuing points for books, and selling books using points, is an infringement of the resale price maintenance system, and requested that the redemption rate of the points (currently 3%) be lowered. When points were introduced, the rate for books was 5%, but it was later lowered to 3%.
In June 2004, the main Hiroshima store was opened in the central district of Hiroshima, partly as a test run for a city-based store. Based on the knowhow acquired from this test, "LABI1 Namba" was opened in 2006. The opening hours of the main Hiroshima store and LABI1 Namba are from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., the longest of any Yamada Denki stores in the country.
In August 2005, the company bought land in front of the east exit of Takasaki Station through Shimizu Corporation. This is scheduled to be completed in 2007, becoming the location of a large city store, and doubling as the company headquarters. There was initially a plan to build the store in the Minato Mirai 21 area of Yokohama, but the plan was changed, apparently because the Yokohama city government expressed concerns about traffic congestion in the area.
In November 2005, Yamada Denki, together with the Kagawa Prefecture supermarket Marunaka, and the electrical goods retailer "Dynamite", also from Kagawa, founded "Chūgoku / Shikoku Tecc Land". Dynamite was transformed into a franchise, and its major stores were changed to Tecc Land stores. The result, in practice, was the acquisition of Dynamite.
As of 2006, the company uses the actor Masanobu Takashima and the professional soccer player Shunsuke Nakamura for publicity, and the two appear in television commercials.
Trivia.
This song ends in a coda, over which (as of December 2006) a female singer yells "Yamada.. DENKI!". This ending coda is played at seemingly random intervals within the store, often interrupting the background music - much to the surprise of patrons not accustomed to it.
Sources.
Much of this article was translated from the equivalent article in the Japanese Wikipedia, as retrieved on November 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2867479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867479" title="Faith Evangelical Seminary">
Faith Evangelical Seminary

Faith Evangelical College & Seminary is an evangelical Christian college and seminary located in Tacoma, Washington, USA. It features an online degree program. It is accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools. Though the seminary is a private religious school, it is non-religious-exempt in the State of Washington and is listed as an authorized degree-granting institution by the Washington Higher Education Coordinating Board and meets the requirements and minimum educational standards established for degree-granting institutions under the Degree Authorization Act.
The seminary aims to build a community of teachers and students who seek to strengthen their Christian beliefs by exegeting and interpreting Scripture, and who uphold the form of doctrine expressed in orthodox Christianity. It provides instructors and facilities for undergraduate and graduate Christian education. The seminary grants degrees supporting the ministry.
Attendance and faculty.
Faith Evangelical College & Seminary has approximately 450 students—335 are actively enrolled as of spring 2014. The school employs 34 faculty members plus visiting lecturers and additional administration and staff.
Degree programs.
Faith Evangelical Seminary offers the following degree programs:
History.
Faith Evangelical College & Seminary was founded in 1969 as Faith Evangelical Lutheran Seminary by Lutherans Alert-National (LAN), an organization committed to biblical inerrancy. In 1968, the LAN was commissioned to investigate possible avenues of proclaiming historic, biblical theology because a significant part of the church was moving toward liberalism. It eventually seemed expedient to recommend the establishment of a seminary committed to the inerrant Word of God. The Rev. Dr. R. H. Redal was called as the first president and the initial classes were held September 23, 1969, in Tacoma, Washington.
Global outreach.
The institution established an educational outreach in the Kingdom of Tonga (South Pacific) in 1992 in conjunction with Polynesian Missions. The institution offers distance education (DVD) courses (augmented by resident teaching in Tonga) that have been vital in helping thwart the spread of liberal theology and the proliferation of cults in that area of the world.
Korean Division.
The institution has a Korean Division for the Bachelor of Arts in Religion, Master of Arts Christian Ministry (Christian Counseling concentration), Master of Arts Theological Studies (Interdisciplinary program), and Master of Divinity programs. Courses are taught in Korean and English and are offered through a local resident program.
Chinese Division.
The institution has a Chinese Division for the Graduate Certificate in Leadership (Professional Development). Courses are taught in Chinese and are offered online though a local resident program.

</doc>
<doc id="2867481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867481" title="Johnny Tsunami">
Johnny Tsunami

Johnny Tsunami is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie. It was nominated in 2000 for the Humanitas Prize as Children's Live-Action Category. "Johnny Tsunami" is the predecessor to "", released in June 2007. The film focuses on a young surfer from Hawaii who must adapt to new challenges when his father's job forces the family to move to Vermont.
Plot summary.
The movie starts out when Johnny Kapahala (Brandon Baker) is living in Hawaii. Johnny has good friends, a great family, and a grandpa, the famous Johnny Tsunami (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), a surf legend who saved a group of survivors from a plane crash. But then, his father, Pete (Yuji Okumoto), gets a job transfer and makes his wife, Melanie (Mary Page Keller), and Johnny move to Vermont.
In Johnny's new town, there are two schools: one is a private school where the students are all skiers, and the other is the public school where all the students are snowboarders. Although Johnny goes to the skiers' school, he would prefer to snowboard because he thinks it is more like surfing. Although he has a hard time at first, Johnny eventually learns how to snowboard with some help from Sam Sterling (Lee Thompson Young).
While at his new school, Johnny meets a girl named Emily (Kirsten Storms), with whom he becomes good friends, but she is Headmaster Pritchard's daughter. However, a skier named Brett likes Emily as well and doesn't think Johnny is right for her. During one incident in the mountain, the Urchins (the students from the public school) decide to ride the side of the mountain that belongs to the skiers and are confronted by the Skies (the private school students). Emily attempts to learn how to snowboard with Johnny and his new friends, but gets hurt in the process.
A quick fight ensues between Johnny and Brett (Zachary Bostrom), but is immediately dispersed when a snow ranger arrives. When Johnny arrives home after a meeting with his parents and the headmaster concerning the fight with Brett, Sam tells Johnny that he is moving to Iceland, as are his father's orders since he is a sergeant major in the U.S. Marine Corps. Pete tells him that Sam moving away would be for the better and wants him to fit in with his peers. This causes a fight between father and son, which Johnny wishes his grandfather was here because he understands him better than Pete. Intent on doing something to prevent the move, Johnny and Sam fly to Hawaii on a cargo plane to stay with Johnny's grandfather. This leads to a telephone confrontation between the men. Pete demands the boys be sent home right away because he and Sam's father are upset with their actions. Johnny's grandfather refuses to send them home and tells him they must make that decision on their own. In Vermont, Melanie finally tells Pete how she's been feeling about him unnecessarily punishing Johnny and tells him off he needs to stop forbidding their son from his friends and let him snowboard. He tries to defend his actions with her, but it falls on deaf ears. Melanie tells Pete off that she wishes that she could have the easy-going husband that she once loved, before he became the way he is.
Johnny and Sam have a great time in Hawaii surfing and enjoying the warm weather, but they decide to come back to Vermont along with Johnny's grandfather, the famous Johnny Tsunami. Pete is shocked to see his father in Vermont and decides to discuss his son's punishment later. At the house, Johnny's grandfather finally has a heart-to-heart talk with Pete about his punishment in forbidding his son from snowboarding with his friends. Pete finally admits he did go too far in punishing Johnny, but he wanted him to fit in with his peers at his school and not snowboard. His father encourages him to just go easy on Johnny and let him make his own mistakes so he can learn from them. He wisely tells Pete the more he tries to punish him, the more resentful Johnny will be towards his father later on in life. The next day, he and his grandfather arrives at the mountain. Johnny is worried and tells him they should go home because he's still grounded. His grandfather tells him not to worry about Pete because he'll deal with him later and just show him the best slopes. Johnny, to his amazement, finds out that his grandfather has great snowboarding ability and they decide to ride the skiers' side of the mountain, where the best rides are.
Brett and his gang meet Johnny and his grandfather and they decide to have a one-race challenge between Brett and Johnny. If Johnny wins the race, then the skiers must share the mountain with the snowboarders. If Brett wins, then he is awarded the Tsunami Medal, a prize given to the best surfer in Hawaii. Before the race, Pete encourages Johnny to win the race because the Tsunami Medal must remain in the family. He wins the race, despite Brett's dirty attempts to cheat, allowing him and Emily to begin a relationship. Brett's friends congratulates Johnny and are inspired to learn how to snowboard with the Urchins.
Johnny's parents decides to throw a celebration party. The brothers finally reunite and thanks Johnny for helping them see the error of their ways. Randy and Eddie who own the opposite sides of the mountain finally reveal their story as they were the original Sky and Urchin. Their parents divorced a long time ago and they couldn't agree on what should happen when they inherited the mountain after they passed away. This ended up being split between the two brothers, the Skies having the best rides, leaving the Urchins with not so great ones. Randy and Eddie decides it's time to reunite the mountain and open a new shop which allows everyone the best access to the best slopes. The ending scene shows Johnny and Emily dancing together.

</doc>
<doc id="2867485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867485" title="Johanna Schneller">
Johanna Schneller

Johanna Schneller is an American-born Canadian film journalist and television personality.
A freelance celebrity interviewer for such publications as "Vanity Fair", "GQ", "Chatelaine" and "Toronto Life", she is also the film columnist for "The Globe and Mail", and hosted TVOntario's weekly "Saturday Night at the Movies" for two seasons. Schneller has lived in Toronto since 1994 with her husband, Canadian journalist Ian Brown, and their two children, Hayley and Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="2867488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867488" title="Falls Creek">
Falls Creek

Falls Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867491" title="Isaak Dunayevsky">
Isaak Dunayevsky

Isaak Osipovich Dunayevsky (; also transliterated as Dunaevski or Dunaevsky; 25 July 1955) was the biggest Soviet film composer and conductor of the 1930s and 1940s, who achieved huge success in music for operetta and film comedies, frequently working with the film director Grigori Aleksandrov. He is considered one of the greatest Soviet composers of all time. Many of his songs are very well known and held in high regard in Russia and the former Soviet Union.
Biography.
Dunayevsky was born to a Jewish family in Lokhvitsa, Poltava Governorate, Russian Empire in 1900. He studied at the Kharkiv Musical School in 1910 where he studied violin under Konstanty Gorski and Joseph Achron. During this period he started to study the theory of music under Semyon Bogatyrev (1890–1960). He graduated in 1919 from the Kharkiv Conservatory. At first he was a violinist, the leader of the orchestra in Kharkiv. Then he started a conducting career. In 1924 he went to Moscow to run the Theatre Hermitage. After that he worked in Leningrad (1929–1941) as a director and conductor of the "Music-Hall" (1929–34) and then moved to Moscow to work on his operettas and film music.
Dunayevsky wrote 14 operettas, 3 ballets, 3 cantatas, 80 choruses, 80 songs and romances, music for 88 plays and 42 films, 43 compositions for light music orchestra and 12 for jazz orchestra, 17 melodeclamations, 52 compositions for symphony orchestra and 47 piano compositions and a string quartet. 
He was one of the first composers in the Soviet Union to start using jazz. His music was accessible to the masses, with melodious and memorable tunes that secured his success. He wrote the music for three of the most important films of the pre-war Stalinist era, "Jolly Fellows", "Circus" and the film said to be Stalin's favourite film "Volga-Volga", all directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. 
In a reply to the British book "The World of Music", he listed the following as his chief works: "The Golden Valley" operetta (1937), "The Free Wind" operetta (1947), and music to the films "Circus" (1935) and "The Kuban Cossacks" (1949).
He died of a heart attack in Moscow in 1955. His last piece, the operetta "White Acacia" (1955), was left unfinished at his death. It was completed by Kirill Molchanov and staged on 15 November 1955, in Moscow. 
A previously unknown opera libretto "Rachel" (1943) by Mikhail Bulgakov, was later found in his archive. The libretto was based on Guy de Maupassant's "Mademoiselle Fifi" and was published in a book by Naum Shafer (see references and links below).
A book of his essays and memoirs was published in 1961.
Honours.
Dunayevsky was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1950. He was twice awarded the Stalin Prize (1941, 1951) and received two orders and many medals (including the Order of the Red Labour Banner, the Order of the Red Star, and the Badge of Honour).
Family.
His brother Semyon (1906–1986) was a conductor; another brother, Zinovy (1908–1981), was a composer. 
Dunayevsky was married once. He had a son Yevgeny (b. 1932) by his wife Zinaida Sudeikina, and another son Maksim (b. 1945) by his lover, the ballerina Zoya Pashkova. Maksim was also a well-known composer. 
His daughter Alina (granddaughter of Isaak), who is living in France (was born in 1983 in Moscow), is continuing her grandfather's and her father's traditions. She is an author-composer, dancer, model and singer. She is the founder of her pop-rock-electro band Markize in Paris. She is well known in rock circles of Europe and Russia. She has issued two albums (one edited and reedited in France and in Russia), several video-clips and several singles. She made a great number of international concerts. In 2009 she was invited as a Guest of Honnor to sing in duet with a French pop-singer. She was also invoted to take part in projects of other different artists and has her fan-clubs in different countries. 
Alina Dunaevskaya: www.alina-dunaevskaya.com
Works.
Also:

</doc>
<doc id="2867492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867492" title="You Lucky Dog">
You Lucky Dog

You Lucky Dog is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie, first aired on June 27, 1998. It starred Kirk Cameron and was directed by Paul Schneider.
Plot.
In this film, Kirk Cameron plays a dog psychiatrist who is famous for literally being able to read dog's minds. At the beginning of the movie, the character no longer retains this ability, but is nonetheless hired by an estate to use his gifts with the titular lucky dog, the heir to his recently deceased master's fortune. Throughout the course of the film, Cameron's character regains his ability to read the mind of the dog and uses this ability to discover the truth behind the former master's demise. But, he not only gains the ability to read the mind of the dog, as he can now actually turn into a dog. He learns the murderer is a wealthy relative.
Awards.
in 1999 the original song "Togetherness" was nominated for a Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Music and Lyrics, David Michael Frank (composer) and Todd Smallwood (lyricist)

</doc>
<doc id="2867496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867496" title="Crane family">
Crane family

The Crane family is a fictional family on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera "Passions". Seated at 14 Raven Hill Road atop Raven Hill in Harmony, New England, the wealthy Crane family amassed its fortune during the eighteenth century via the slave trade, amongst other things. The Crane family wealth is now garnered from Crane Industries, a global corporation, which does a number of things, including shipping and fishing. Over the years, the Cranes have intermarried and reproduced with a number of notable families from Harmony and New England, including the Barretts, the Winthrops, the Lopez-Fitzgeralds, the Bennetts, and the Russells.
History.
The affluent and renowned Crane family emigrated from Great Britain in the seventeenth century, eventually settling in the coastal New England village of Harmony over three hundred years ago. The Cranes gained a great deal of influence in village affairs by the end of the century. In 1693, magistrate William Ephraim Crane ordered the execution of accused witch Tabitha Lenox after hearing testimony from the young Prudence Standish; as a result, Tabitha has long since held a grudge against William's descendants.
The Cranes first began to amass their multibillion dollar fortune in the eighteenth century through their participation in the Atlantic slave trade; further wealth was derived in the early twentieth century by illegally smuggling alcohol into the United States during the Prohibition and through other unpalatable activities. In more recent generations, the Cranes' main source of reported income has been derived from Crane Industries, the family-run international conglomerate.
Upon the debut of "Passions" in July 1999, the Crane family consists of patriarch Alistair; his two children, Julian and Sheridan; Julian's wife, Ivy, and eldest child, Ethan; and Ethan's girlfriend, Gwen. The Cranes are quickly established to be a dysfunctional bunch; Julian and Ivy, despite over two decades of marriage, bitterly despise one another and never, during their two years of marriage seen on-air, engage in sexual intercourse with one another, and patriarch Alistair seeks numerous times to murder Sheridan, his own daughter, often enlisting Julian's help in achieving his goal.
The Crane family seems to have largely fallen apart by early 2002 — Ethan, the heir apparent to the empire, is revealed to be the product of Ivy's adulterous affair with police chief Sam Bennett in early 2001, leading Julian to divorce Ivy in August, and Sheridan and Julian are both apparently murdered in August 2001 and January 2002, respectively. Following Julian's murder, Alistair is the only remaining member of the Crane family left until Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald has herself declared the legal Mrs. Julian Crane and takes control of Julian's estate. Theresa eventually gives birth to Julian's son, Ethan Martin Crane, in June 2002, and both Julian and Sheridan are later discovered to be alive later that summer. Theresa continues to hold control of much of the Crane estate, however, until her Bermudan wedding to Julian is revealed to have been a practical joke in March 2003.
In 2002, the writers begin introducing Julian and Ivy's frequently mentioned but heretofore never seen children into the program's storylines. Julian and Ivy's only son, Nicholas Foxworth "Fox" Crane, returns to Harmony in December 2002, followed by his eldest sister, Fancy, in June 2005. Julian and Ivy's third and final child, their youngest daughter, Pretty, returns to Harmony in July 2007 in order to seek revenge against her sister for a fight a decade earlier that left Pretty's face partially disfigured. Julian and Sheridan each welcome the birth of children in the following years — Julian has a daughter, Endora Lenox, with Tabitha in July 2003, while Sheridan gives birth to son Marty Lopez-Fitzgerald in September 2003 and then adopts then-husband Chris Boothe's son, James, in late 2006.
Both Alistair and Julian also learn that they have fathered children with other women. When Julian learns that his son with Eve did not died shortly after birth as had been previously believed, the two set out to find their child, and Alistair eventually reveals the boy to be Chad Harris, who was engaged to Eve's eldest daughter, Whitney Russell. In June 2006, however, Chad learns that his biological parents are actually Alistair and Eve's adoptive half-sister, Liz Sanbourne, and Julian and Eve learned in July 2007 that their son is the intersex Blackmailer that has been terrorizing most of Harmony, Vincent Clarkson; Vincent, as his female persona of Valerie Davis, sleeps with and bears his father's son in May 2008. Alistair also discovers in spring 2005 that his one-night stand in the 1970s with then-Harmony harlot Edna Wallace produced a daughter, Beth.
As of the series finale in August 2008, the only current Crane family members living in Harmony are Julian, Sheridan, Fancy, Endora, Julian and Vincent's unnamed son, and Marty. Chad and Fox are murdered in August and September 2007, respectively, and Whitney moves with her and Chad's young son, Miles, to New Orleans. Beth is also killed in July 2006 in Rome, and custody of Sheridan's adoptive son, James, rests with the boy's father, Chris. Alistair, meanwhile, is murdered once-and-for-all in May 2008; that same year, Pretty is revealed to be suffering from a mental disorder in June and sent away to a mental institution, and Vincent is revealed to be alive and arrested for his crimes in July.
Being a "true Crane".
Central to several of the soap's storylines is the concept of being a "true Crane". A true Crane is considered to be a Crane who behaves in the Machiavellian manner of his or her Crane ancestors, ruthlessly and single-mindedly stopping at nothing in order to achieve his or her goals while failing to consider or care about how others will be affected; for example, the Cranes, according to Alistair, have a history of patricide. Alistair Crane can be considered to epitomize the ideal of the true Crane; other characters frequently compare Cranes who act in the manner of a true Crane to Alistair. Alistair himself takes pride in being a true Crane, and his only descendant that he considers to possess these same qualities is his beloved granddaughter and favorite family member, Fancy; somewhat ironically, Fancy is one of the few Cranes to abstain from the nefarious and deceitful schemes for which her family is infamous.
Crane Industries.
Crane Industries, a publicly traded company, was founded by Alistair Crane. The company is the sole source of the family's revenue and is primarily involved in fishing. However, in addition to Crane Fisheries and the Crane Cannery, Crane Industries also produces a fashion line, Crane Couture, and has an extensive security and surveillance department. Crane Industries is based in Crane Tower in Harmony, and the company also owns the Crane Recording Studio, as well as the Book Café.
Alistair Crane serves as CEO of the company until he falls into a coma in 2006; when he resurfaces the following year, he is unable to take control of the company back because he is wanted for his actions in Rome and for the murder of his son, Chad. Alistair leaves Theresa, who had previously served as Vice President of the company in 2002, in charge of Crane, while Julian is the company's president.
Chad and Fox both work in the business division; Valerie serves as Chad's assistant, and then later Theresas's, whereas Kay becomes Fox's assistant after leaving the Crane Cannery. Alistair establishes Crane Couture for Fancy in 2005, although she leaves the company in 2006 to become a police officer in 2006. Sheridan briefly heads Crane's charitable division before Alistair fires her for giving money to Theresa in 2004; she later takes over Crane Couture after Fancy's departure and secures an accounting job for her husband, Chris. Other Crane employees include Jared Casey, who is also a business executive.
Ethan Winthrop serves as the company's legal counsel; he is to inherit the company upon Alistair's death until it is revealed that his biological father is Sam Bennett. Alistair later names Little Ethan his legal successor; however, according to Alistair's will, control of the company shall pass to Fancy, because Little Ethan is not Julian's biological son.
Inheritance.
Due to Alistair's position as one of the most powerful and wealthy men in the world, the contents of his will frequently factor in significantly to the program's storylines. For many years, Julian is Alistair's heir apparent, but Alistair disinherits Julian in favor of Ethan in 2000 after he grows disgusted with his son's behavior. Ethan does not last long as the heir, however, and is quickly disowned later that year for breaking off his engagement to Gwen Hotchkiss in order to marry Theresa; the revelation that Ethan is Sam Bennett's son removes Ethan from Alistair's will completely.
After years of uncertainty, Alistair adopts his new wife Theresa's son with Julian, Little Ethan, and makes the nine-year-old his heir while disinheriting the rest of his family. When Alistair falls into a coma in January 2006, and again when he is believed to have died in July of that year, Theresa, as his wife and Little Ethan's mother, takes over control of the Crane empire as a sort of regent. Upon further study of Alistair's will, however, Theresa discovers that, should it be revealed that Little Ethan was fathered by Ethan and not Julian, Little Ethan will be disinherited and Fancy will become the sole heiress to the Crane fortune.
Family tree.
Alistair Ephraim Crane (died 2008)
<br>Grandson of Mrs. Crane.
m. Katherine Barrett (annulled)
<br>Younger sister of Rachel Barrett.
a. Edna Wallace
r. Elizabeth "Liz" Sanbourne
m. Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald (2005–08; widowed)
Note: the letter "m" indicates a marriage, "a" an affair, "r" a rape, and "c" a child resulting from one of those unions.

</doc>
<doc id="2867507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867507" title="Earl Gillespie">
Earl Gillespie

Earl W. Gillespie (July 25, 1922, Chicago, Illinois – December 12, 2003, West Allis, Wisconsin) was an American sportscaster, best known as the radio voice of Major League Baseball's Milwaukee Braves from 1953 to 1963. Before 1953, he was the play-by-play announcer for the minor league Milwaukee Brewers (American Association), an affiliate of the Braves, who moved to Toledo, Ohio when the Braves moved from Boston to Milwaukee.
Gillespie was partnered with Blaine Walsh on WTMJ Radio and known for his dramatic, extroverted style of play-by-play and his use of the phrase "Holy cow!" during moments of great excitement (an on-air catchphrase he shared with fellow baseball announcers Harry Caray and Phil Rizzuto).
Gillespie called both of the Braves' World Series appearances in Milwaukee (1957, 1958) over NBC radio, as well as the 1955 All-Star Game (played in Milwaukee) over Mutual radio. At various times he also did radio and television commentary for Green Bay Packers football, Milwaukee Hawks basketball, Marquette Warriors basketball, and Wisconsin Badgers football. He worked at WITI-TV in Milwaukee from 1963 until his retirement in 1985.
Gillespie was named Wisconsin Sportscaster of the Year eight times by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, and was inducted into the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 2001.
Earl's son John Sr., and grandson John Jr. are also Wisconsin sportscasters, with the younger John Gillespie currently ended his employment with WBAY-TV in Green Bay in late July 2010.
Play-by-play highlights.
On September 23, 1957, Gillespie described the Braves' capture of the National League pennant this way:
""The pitch to Henry Aaron. A swing and a drive back into center field! Going back towards the wall! It's back at that fence...and is it gone or not? It's a home run! The Braves are the champions of the National League! Henry Aaron has just hit his forty-third home run of the year!""
On October 10, 1957, Gillespie's description of the Braves' World Series win:
""The outfield around to the left. McDougald is on at third, Coleman is at second. Tommy Byrne the base runner at first. Hank Aaron is pulled around in left-center field. A breeze is blowing across from left to right. Burdette's pitch. Swung on, lined, grabbed by Mathews who steps on third--and the World Series is over and the Milwaukee Braves are the new world champions of baseball!""

</doc>
<doc id="2867515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867515" title="Brown Cottage">
Brown Cottage

Brown Cottage was the first building of the educational institution in Hampton, Virginia now known as Hampton University. 

</doc>
<doc id="2867520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867520" title="M1 protein">
M1 protein

The M1 protein is a matrix protein of the influenza virus. It forms a coat inside the viral envelope. This is a bifunctional membrane/RNA-binding protein that mediates the encapsidation of RNA-nucleoprotein cores into the membrane envelope. It is therefore required that M1 binds both membrane and RNA simultaneously.
The M1 protein binds to the viral RNA. The binding is not specific to any RNA sequence, and is performed via a peptide sequence rich in basic amino acids.
It also has multiple regulatory functions, performed by interaction with the components of the host cell. The mechanisms regulated include a role in the export of the viral ribonucleoproteins from the host cell nucleus, inhibition of viral transcription, and a role in the virus assembly and budding. The protein was found to undergo phosphorylation in the host cell.
The M1 protein forms a layer under the patches of host cell membrane that are rich with the viral hemagglutinin, neuraminidase and M2 transmembrane proteins, and facilitates budding of the mature viruses.
M1 consists of two domains connected by a linker sequence. The N-terminal domain has a multi-helical structure that can be divided into two subdomains. The C-terminal domain also contains alpha-helical structure.

</doc>
<doc id="2867523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867523" title="Calculator watch">
Calculator watch

A calculator watch is a digital watch with a built in calculator, usually including buttons on the watch face. Calculator watches were first introduced in the 1970s, and despite enjoying a heyday during the 1980s, continue to be produced. The most notable brand is the Casio Databank series, though watches made by Timex were also popular.
History.
Calculator watches first appeared in the Mid 1970s introduced by Pulsar (1975, then a brand of the Hamilton Watch Company) and Hewlett Packard. Several watch manufacturers have made calculator watches over the years, such as Pulsar and Timex, but the Japanese electronics company Casio produced the largest variety of models. In the mid-1980s, Casio created the Databank calculator watch, which not only performed calculator functions, but also stored appointments, names, addresses, and phone numbers. 
When mass-produced calculator watches appeared in the early 1980s (with the most being produced in the middle of the decade). Due to increased exposure in popular culture, calculator watches are considered synonymous with the 1980s. On the front cover of The Police song Wrapped Around Your Finger, frontman Sting can be seen wearing a calculator watch. Al, pilot in the Tom Hanks film "Cast Away" is seen wearing one. Also, Marty McFly in the Back to the Future series can be seen wearing one in the first two films. As a homage to this stereotype, Dwight Schrute, playing the egomaniacal and nerdy character on NBC's American version of "The Office", can be seen wearing a Casio Data Bank watch. Current users of calculator watches are more common among the trades and technical fields. Heavy Metal lead singer Rob Halford of Judas Priest wears calculator watches as seen in interviews possibly insuring the watches popularity. During the live series of Mr Bean, the titular character wears a calculator watch, which he famously lost whilst stuffing a turkey. More recently, Walter White, the main character of the AMC TV series "Breaking Bad", can be seen wearing a calculator watch throughout the series. Trevor Philips, one of the protagonists of video game Grand Theft Auto V, can also be seen wearing a calculator watch.
Future.
The future of the calculator watch as a practical and useful electronic device has been impacted by the introduction of PDAs, cell phones, and other powerful multi-functional compact computing devices. As a result, many calculator watches are used for aesthetic purposes.
However, calculator watches can serve a useful practice while traveling to calculate conversion rates between currencies. Due to their relative low cost, they provide practical use for travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="2867524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867524" title="Watch the Red">
Watch the Red

Watch The Red is the sixth album by Australian band The Angels, it was released in 1983.
In June 2002, Shock Records issued "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983". The 4-CD box set included remasters of "Dark Room" (9 bonus tracks), "Night Attack" (9 bonus tracks), "Watch The Red" (5 bonus tracks) and "The Blow" (2-CD set). In June 2006, Liberation Music re-issued "Dark Room" from "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983".
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks
"The Blow" (CD 2)

</doc>
<doc id="2867531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867531" title="I Can Only Imagine (MercyMe song)">
I Can Only Imagine (MercyMe song)

"I Can Only Imagine" (sometimes shortened to "Imagine") is a single recorded by Christian rock band MercyMe. Written and composed by Bart Millard, the song, based around a main piano track, was inspired by the death of Millard's father and considers what it would be like in Heaven and to be standing before God. The song was first issued as a track on MercyMe's 1999 album "The Worship Project", which was released on an independent record label. The song was re-recorded and included on their 2001 major-label debut album "Almost There" as the fifth song on the album.
"I Can Only Imagine" was released in 2001 as the album's lead single. It gained significant airplay on Christian radio formats before crossing over to mainstream radio formats such as adult contemporary and Top 40 in late 2003 and into 2004; to aid in promotion to these markets, a double A-side physical single (combined with "Word of God Speak") was released in 2003. It charted on several formats, including the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary (where it peaked at No. 5) and the Hot 100 (where it peaked at No. 71). In 2002, "I Can Only Imagine" earned the Dove Awards for 'Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year' and 'Song of the Year'; Millard earned the Dove Award 'Songwriter of the Year' at the same ceremony. In 2010, the song was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of over one million digital downloads, and is the first (and so far only) Christian single to reach that milestone.
Background.
"I Can Only Imagine" was the debut single for United States contemporary Christian and Christian rock band MercyMe. The father of Bart Millard, the band's vocalist, died in 1991. Millard was 18 at the time. Millard began writing the words "I can only imagine" on items when he was thinking about his father. During the recording of the band's 1999 independent album "The Worship Project", MercyMe needed one more song to fill out the album. Millard, alone on a bus in the middle of the night, finally wrote the lyrics to the song by drawing on his thoughts and personal faith about what one would experience standing before God in Heaven. Millard attests that "['I Can Only Imagine'] is one of the only songs I have ever written where there wasn't any mistakes, it was just written the way it is and left at that", and estimated that it took him only ten minutes to write the lyrics.
In writing the music for the song, however, the band faced more difficulty; Millard noted that "at first it was a fast song... it was all these random ideas". Keyboardist Jim Bryson noted that "we were literally tearing down the stuff... and I were talking about arranging it differently and doing a slower version, so we just tried out a piano intro... it was literally the first thing I played. It wasn't anything to do with me, I think it was just a God thing. [Millard said 'here it is, this is what's going to happen', and we laid the song down in about five minutes." At that time, the other MercyMe members were Robby Shaffer on drums and percussion, Nathan Cochran on bass guitar and Michael Scheuchzer on guitar. This line-up recorded the first version of the song for "The Worship Project". In 2006, it was included in the 'Platinum Edition' of "Almost There".
Composition.
"I Can Only Imagine" is a ballad with a length of four minutes and eight seconds. The song is set in the key of E major and has a moderately slow tempo of 80 beats per minute with a vocal range from B3–G5. The song opens up with only a piano, and builds up to include guitar and drums. Millard is credited with both the lyrics and music to the song. The song was produced by Pete Kipley, who had worked with MercyMe previously as well as with artists including Rebecca St. James, Phil Wickham and Lincoln Brewster.
The lyrics to the song are based around the narrator wondering what it will be like in Heaven and to be standing before God. Regarding this theme, Millard explained to Fox News that "I was always told that if he could choose, he would rather be in Heaven than here with me. As a Christian I believed that, but as an 18-year-old it was a little hard to swallow. So the questions in the song came from me asking God what was so great about Him that my dad would rather be there."
Release and promotion.
"I Can Only Imagine" was re-recorded for their major-label debut record "Almost There" and released as its lead single in 2001. The album was recorded in various locations: Ivy Park, The Indigo Room, Paradise Sound and IBC Studios. The single gained radio airplay on some contemporary Christian formats; by November, it peaked at number-one on the "Radio & Records" Christian AC format and in the top twenty of the "Radio & Records" Christian CHR chart.
In 2003, a Dallas mainstream radio station, 100.3 Wild-FM, first played the song on its morning show, "The Fitz Radio Program". They had responded to a caller's repeated requests and the urgings of the program's producer, Todd Sheppard. The song soon became the most requested and most played song on the station. After hearing the song played on the station, Millard called-in and spoke with the crew; MercyMe then came in and played the song live.
As other stations around the country caught on, MercyMe's label, INO Records, partnered with Curb Records. They marketed the single to wider audiences, such as Top 40 radio. In September, INO and Curb also released a double A-side physical single, "I Can Only Imagine/Word of God Speak". The latter track was co-written by Millard with the band's producer, Kipley. Eventually, the song cracked into secular charts, including the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts.
Impact.
MercyMe did not expect "I Can Only Imagine" to gain mainstream success, in part due to its explicit references to Jesus and Heaven. Millard noted that the band joked around about "the top five songs never to cross over, and they had included "I Can Only Imagine" on that list. Millard also believed some radio stations were playing the song to prove it could not succeed on mainstream radio. The song had a significant effect on the band's musical image; in an interview, Millard commented that "We were a rock band when we started 11 years ago. But we kind of became the 'adult contemporary poster child' when 'I Can Only Imagine' took off".
Music video.
A music video was released for "I Can Only Imagine". Millard recalled the video's inspiration: "I just kept seeing all these people holding picture frames MercyMe concerts that are empty because we all carry these people with us in some way. I've had so many people after a show pull out a picture of someone they've lost. These people embrace these photos and I just thought how can we tap into that". The video features everyday people as well as several music artists including Michael Tait, Tammy Trent, Bob Herdman, and Jesse Katina, each holding an empty picture frame to signify their loss of a loved one; as the video progresses, they are holding pictures of their loved ones including Millard with his father's photograph.
The video opens with a shot of an empty room and a chair, shifting to show a young boy climbing up a flight of stairs. The camera then shifts to the band before returning to the boy, now in an attic which is filled with many empty picture frames. The video alternates between shots of the boy and the band before shifting to individual shots of other people, each holding an empty picture frame. As the other instruments join in, the camera comes back to the band, focusing on them before returning to shots of the people, whose picture frames now contain pictures of deceased relatives. At the end of the video, the camera returns to the boy, now running down a street with an empty frame, climaxing with him lying down in a field with the empty frame.
Reception.
Critical response.
Critical reception for "I Can Only Imagine" was positive. Steve Losey of Allmusic commented that "song is a passionate piano-driven ballad. The song considers what it would be like to be in the presence of God. Delivered with conviction, the song is emotionally compelling". Jesus Freak Hideout's reviewer Kevin Chamberlin felt "The lyrics for the song are amazing. If you haven't listened to the lyrics, because you're afraid of hearing pop music, get over it and listen to it." Kevin McNeese of NewReleaseTuesday commented that "The definite highlight on ["Almost There"] is the worship/ballad 'I Can Only Imagine'... The song starts out with just piano that instantly invokes chills and builds dynamically into a powerful display of drums and guitar. But what makes the song are the lyrics, penned by Bart Millard himself. The song speaks about that day that we all dream about when we finally meet Jesus... It's a song that can't be listened to with eyes open".
Chart performance.
"I Can Only Imagine" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the chart week of 11 October 2003 at No. 76. The song peaked at No. 71 for two weeks and spent sixteen non-consecutive weeks on the Hot 100. On the Adult Contemporary chart, "I Can Only Imagine" debuted at No. 29 for the chart week of 23 May 2003, with an eventual peak of No. 5 for the chart week of 8 September 2003; in all, "I Can Only Imagine" spent thirty weeks on the chart.
On the Adult Top 40 chart, "I Can Only Imagine" debuted at No. 39 for the chart week of 9 August 2003 and reached a peak position of No. 27, holding that spot for three consecutive weeks; in all, the song spent twenty-six weeks on the chart. On the Mainstream Top 40 chart, the song debuted at No. 37 for the chart week of 12 July 2003, reaching an eventual peak of No. 33. On the Country Songs chart, the song debuted at No. 58 for the chart week of 27 December 2003, reaching an eventual peak of No. 52, which it held for two weeks. According to Mike Curb on the Curb Records website, "I Can Only Imagine" also peaked at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Singles Sales chart for ten weeks, No. 1 on the "Radio & Records" Christian AC chart for two weeks, and No. 15 on the Christian CHR chart.
In April 2010, "I Can Only Imagine" was certified platinum by the RIAA, signifying sales of over 1,000,000 digital downloads. It is the first single by any artist in the Christian music genre to go platinum.
Awards and accolades.
"I Can Only Imagine" earned two GMA Dove Awards in 2002; 'Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year' and 'Song of the Year'. Millard also won 'Songwriter of the Year' at the same ceremony. In November 2009, the song was played on board Space Shuttle "Atlantis" as a wake-up call for Barry E. Wilmore during STS-129.
Other versions.
The original version of "I Can Only Imagine" was a track on MercyMe's 1999 independent release "The Worship Project". In August 2006, both an acoustic and live form (as well as the original 1999 version) were included in the 'Platinum edition' of "Almost There". MercyMe recorded a version of the song for their "iTunes Originals" album. In 2009, two further variants were included on their compilation album "10"; a 'symphony version' featuring the London Symphony Orchestra, and a live version. Demi Lovato has also covered the song.
"I Can Only Imagine" has also been covered by several artists. In 2002 Amy Grant released a reworked version of the song (titled "Imagine" and paired with "Sing the Wondrous Love of Jesus") on her album, "Legacy... Hymns and Faith". In 2003, Jeff Carson and Kathryn Scott each issued variants of the song; Carson's version peaked at No. 50 on the Country Songs chart. In 2005 Wynonna Judd issued her form of the song; while in 2007 Emerson Drive provided theirs.
Charts and certifications.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications

</doc>
<doc id="2867537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867537" title="Ambassador 21">
Ambassador 21

Ambassador 21 is a Digital Hardcore band from Minsk, Belarus. Most of AMBASSADOR21's lyrics are in Russian and English languages. 
History.
Ambassador 21 was founded in the summer of 2001 by Natasha (voice, electronics) and Alexey Protasov (voice, electronics).
The duo have toured Europe intensively since 2003, and have performed at many events, including Wave-Gotik-Treffen 2010 (Leipzig / Germany), Maschinenfest '05, '06, '07, '08, '10, '11 (Germany) - as A21 and SUICIDE INSIDE, Ososphere 2009 (Strasbourg / France), Castle Party 2012 (Bolkow / Poland), Chauffer Dans La Noirceur 2010 and 2012 (Montmartin-Sur-Mer / France), Noxious Art Festival 2005 (Vesoul / France), Noxious Art Festival 2009 (Paris / France), Elektroanschlag (Altenburg / Germany), Resistance Festival 2004 (Bratislava / Slovakia), Resistance Festival 2005 (London / UK), Sick & Twisted (London / UK), Sickfest (Moscow / Russia), Dark Easter (Utrecht / Netherlands), Noise Central Festifal (Utrecht / Netherlands) and lots of gigs in France, Switzerland, UK, Italy, Canada, Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Denmark, Slovakia, Chech Republic, Russia and Belarus.
In 2002 Ambassador 21 founded their own record label Invasion Wreck Chords (now Invasion). The band have released material for Invasion, Ant-Zen, Hands Productions, Pflichtkauf, Vendetta Music, Restroom, Audiotrauma, Out Of Line, Beton Kopf Media, D-Trash Records and more.
"Power Rage (Face Your Future Killers)" was released in September 2009, and in 2009-2010 A21 do Power Rage Tour with lots of gigs in France, Canada, Germany, Italy, Belarus and shows at many festivals such Wave Gotik Treffen 2010 (Leipzig / Germany), M'era Luna 2010 (Hildesheim / Germany), Kinetik Festival 3.0 (Montreal / Canada), Festival Chauffer Dans La Noirceur (Montmartin-Sur-Mer / France), Moravian Industrial Festival (Olomouc / Czech Republic)...
In 2011 Ambassador 21 celebrates their 10th Anniversary with X Tour - in Germany, France, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Austria and Greece, playing with bands like Punish Yourself, Iszoloscope, Malakwa or Red City Noise and performed in HR Giger Museum in Grueres, Switzerland during X Tour.
In 2013 Ambassador 21 signed with German label Hands Productions and released "X" album.

</doc>
<doc id="2867538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867538" title="Robbie Gennet">
Robbie Gennet

Robbie Gennet is a piano player, a songwriter, and an entertainer, amongst other things.
Gennet has published music that is difficult to categorize. He has released 7 CDs and 6 cassettes but a majority of his song catalog has yet to go on record. He has gone on tour with several well-known bands, such as Saigon Kick, Seven Mary Three, Everclear, and was the front man for The Robbie Gennet Band.
History.
Robbie Gennet began his professional musical career playing keys, guitar, and backup vocals as he toured with Saigon Kick from 1992 to 1993. Eventually he established his own 'groovyacidboogiepop' band, The Robbie Gennet Band. Active from 1994 to 1996, the Robbie Gennet Band toured mainly the southeast USA. Robbie Gennet (keyboard, vocals), Groovey (guitar), Eric Larriviere (drums), Dave Garbarino (bass), and Lesley Daunt (guitar, vocals) consisted of the band's original members. In 1995, Dave Garbarino amicably departed from the band, and Debbie Duke (bass) continued on in his stead. The band put out a critically acclaimed EP "Harum Scarum" in 1995, after which Acoustic guitarist singer Lesley Daunt left. Than after three years of musical exploration the band parted ways in 1996. The posthumous full-length album "The Dream" was released in 1997. Robbie Gennet formed the band Rudy in 1995 with best friend Howard Goldberg as a side project. Rudy released two studio albums "Booty" (1998) and "Sexy" (2000) plus a double live album "Live at Skydive Sebastian" in 2001.
Gennet moved to New York City and lived with his sister Abby Gennet for the first half of 1997, then toured with Seven Mary Three, as their keyboardist, guitarist, and backup vocalist in 1997 and 1998. After that, Gennet lived in South Florida until relocating in the spring of 2001 to Los Angeles, CA where he resides today.
In 2001, Robbie Gennet toured nationwide with Everclear as keyboardist, rhythm guitarist, and backup vocalist. Robbie formed his band Rabbithead in 2002; the band last played in January 2006. For the rest of 2006, Gennet toured internationally as acoustic guitarist and harmony vocalist for recording artist Nick Lachey, touring the US, Canada and Scandinavia.
Robbie Gennet has been a contributing writer for Keyboard Magazine since 1998 and has several music instructional books and DVD's out. He has also been a writer for the popular political website Huffington Post since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2867544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867544" title="Ursuline Academy (Delaware)">
Ursuline Academy (Delaware)

Ursuline Academy is a private school in Wilmington, Delaware, which offers Early Childhood (Montessori and PreK/ Kindergarten) and Primary (Grades 1-3) school and Intermediate (Grades 4-5) school classes for both girls and boys, Middle (Grades 6-8), and Upper (Grades 9-12) school classes for girls. Established in 1893 by the Ursulines, it is run independently within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington.
History.
Saint Angela Merici founded the Ursuline Order in 1535. Her mission was to educate girls and her goal became known throughout the world.
On July 31, 1893, the Ursuline Nuns arrived in Wilmington. They came from Bedford Park, New York to succeed the Visitation Nuns who, up to that time, had conducted a boarding and day school at another location. Thus Ursuline Academy in Wilmington was created. Students received a strict education along with training in the Fine Arts.
It was in 1926 that the cornerstone of the present Ursuline Academy was laid. By then, the student body had grown thoroughly. 
In 1954, a new building was constructed to accommodate the Lower School classes. A major development program was begun in the summer of 1977. At that time, the Lower School Auditorium-gymnasium was converted into instructional areas. After a period of temporary use of the auditorium and gymnasium by all Ursuline students, a modern gymnasium complex was constructed for use by the Academy in 1979. In 1992, classroom additions were constructed adjoining the Upper School to accommodate Middle School students. 
In the summer of 1994, the convent was renovated to accommodate the Fine Arts Center. The full name of this building is the Rollins Fine Arts Center.
In the fall of 1998, the Academy introduced technology to students, calling the program "Learning With Laptops". Starting in 7th grade, students receive a laptop. Much of the curriculum includes technology.
The entire second and third floors of the Upper School were renovated during the summer of 2002. In the fall of 2002, the second floor science labs and third floor instructional areas opened. In addition, the third floor is the home of the Chapel of St. Angela, where students go for reflection and prayer. Also in 2002, the Academy purchased the former Christian Scientist Church adjacent to the campus. The building is now Ursuline Academy's Performing Arts Center. Not to be confused with the Rollins Fine Arts Center, the Performing Arts Center (PAC) is the location of some school masses and performances.
Location.
Ursuline Academy is located in the Cool Spring and Tilton Park section of the West Side of Wilmington. It is less than a mile off Exit 7 on I-95.
Facilities.
The urban campus includes Lower and Middle and Upper School buildings in addition to the Rollins Fine Arts Center, Performing Arts Center, and the Gerardine House. The Lower School contains a developmentally appropriate library in addition to a playground, a cafeteria, a computer lab, and an outdoor classroom. The Middle and Upper School houses its own library, computer lab, cafeteria, as well as a shared auditorium, fitness center, and school store. The Ursuline Academy Upper School is home to among the most advanced science laboratories in the state. 
Serviam Field, located less than five miles away, hosts the school's track, field hockey, lacrosse, and soccer teams.
Academics.
Montessori
The hallmark of the Montessori Method is individualized instruction using concrete materials designed to be sequential and to relate to other materials in the classroom. 
Pre-K/K
A curriculum for pre-K/K children would include open-ended Language Arts, reading skills, Mathematics, Social Studies, Science, Foreign Language, and an appreciation of the arts, technology, and activities that focus on fine and gross motor skills. Pre-reading and language skills are taught through thematic units, which focus on phonemic awareness and children’s literature.
Primary
A curriculum for primary children includes Religion, Language Arts, Mathematics, Social Studies, Science, Foreign Language, and an appreciation of the fine and performing arts. 
Intermediate
A curriculum for intermediate girls includes Religion, Language Arts, Mathematics, Social Studies, Science, Foreign Language, and involves critical thinking, problem solving, higher order thinking skills, and creativity and exploration through various forms of the fine and performing arts. This is accomplished through teacher-directed activities and cooperative learning, reading, discussion, varied strategies, and continuous assessment.
Middle School
Upper School
Advanced Placement courses are offered in Art History, Human Geography, European History, United States History, United States Government, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Environmental Science, French, Spanish, Calculus, Statistics, English Language, English Literature, and Studio Art.
Academic accomplishments.
In 2013 Ursuline Academy named 30 AP Scholars. Two students were named AP Scholar Award. The school is first in the state for the rate of girls receiving the distinction. Students from Ursuline are accepted some of the top post-secondary institutions in the country, including American University, Columbia University, Georgetown University, Wesleyan University, Swarthmore College, Vanderbilt University, Brandeis University, Duke University, College of William and Mary, Haverford College, Rice University, Yale, Harvard, the University of Delaware, Dartmouth College, and the United States Naval Academy.
Athletics.
Beginning in 3rd grade, students may participate in sports. 3rd to 8th graders participate in CYM sports, while 9th to 12th graders participate in the Division II Diamond State Catholic Conference. Sports offered in the high school are cross country, field hockey, volleyball, basketball, swimming, dance, indoor track & field, golf, lacrosse, outdoor track & field, soccer, and softball. If a student in 8th grade excels in a certain sport, she may be able to participate on the high school team.

</doc>
<doc id="2867550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867550" title="Kod">
Kod

thumbnail
Kod (which means "code", including the source code, in Swedish) is a text editor for Mac OS X. Written by Rasmus Andersson, a Facebook designer, Kod is designed to be fitted specifically to Mac OS X's architecture.
Often likened to a less feature-rich version of TextMate, Kod is unique among OS X-only text editors in its use of tabs ported from Chromium which can be torn off into new windows.
Kod supports syntax highlighting for more than 65 programming languages. It is also notable for its integrated scripting environment based on Node.js, as well as the ability to theme the application through CSS3.
Kod is free, but is released under a modified MIT License which adds the following clause:
In 2012, the project's founder declared he no longer used or was working on Kod, and recommended Sublime Text 2 as an alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="2867560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867560" title="Sagkeeng First Nation">
Sagkeeng First Nation

The Sagkeeng First Nation is an Anishinaabe First Nation which holds territory east of Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba, Canada. Sagkeeng, which was once called Fort Alexander, has an on-reserve population of approximately 3,300 people. Ojibwe is the name of the tribe that lives in Sagkeeng. The name "Sagkeeng" is derived from the Ojibwe word "zaagiing" meaning "at the outlet". The reserve lies adjacent to the northern border of the Rural Municipality of Alexander, and also borders the Town of Powerview-Pine Falls.
There is a long history of the aboriginal people and white explorers/traders in the area. The La Vérendrye's built two forts named Fort Maurepas. The first was north of Selkirk, Manitoba and the second, and more permanent one, on the north side of the Winnipeg River near Lake Winnipeg. Later, on the southside, there was a North West Company fort sometimes called Fort Bas de la Rivière. In 1807 the North West Company built a new fort which became known as Fort Alexander.
Recently of note is dance group Sagkeeng's Finest, winners of the first season of "Canada's Got Talent".
Treaty.
"Kakakepenaise" ("Gekeki-binesi", "Hawk-bird", a.k.a. William Mann I) signed Treaty 1 on behalf of the Sagkeeng people in 1871. Although Sagkeeng is a Treaty 1 nation, it is a member of the Grand Council of Treaty 3.
Community Elders speak about "five original families" at the signing of the treaty. Other families were mixed-blood Metis (French and Anishinaabe) who became part of the Treaty three years after the original signing. For several decades, the competing Catholic and Anglican churches caused division between the mixed families (Catholic) and the original Treaty families (Anglican). Today the churches have less influence in the community, the former rivalries between the full-blooded and mixed families have mostly been forgotten, and the community has embraced their Anishinaabe heritage.
Virginia Fontaine Addictions Foundation Scandal.
On October 18, 2000, Canadian Press organization reported that the Director of the Foundation, Perry Fontaine and 74 other persons attended a cruise to the Caribbean that was termed a "Staff Retreat". The cost of this trip was reported later to be over 135,000 dollars. Health Canada eventually investigated the financial books of the Center and found massive fraud and kickback schemes.
Sagkeeng First Nation now hosts a family treatment centre, the Sagkeeng Mino Pimatiziwin Family Treatment Centre. The program has been successfully running for a few years.

</doc>
<doc id="2867566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867566" title="The Nervebreakers">
The Nervebreakers

The Nervebreakers are a Dallas-area proto-punk and punk rock band that formed in 1975. Well known for their melodic, rocking punk with a liberal smattering of George Jones and psychedelia, they have the distinction of being one of the few bands to open for The Sex Pistols.
Background.
The Nervebreakers started as a cover band playing songs from the sixties. As the Ramones and the Sex Pistols became big in America, the band was finally able to find a sustaining audience. The Nervebreakers first big break came when they opened for the Ramones on July 24, 1977 at The Electric Ballroom, a dance hall in the industrial district of Dallas. In 1978 The Nervebreakers opened for the Sex Pistols at The Longhorn Ballroom, and a photo of guitarist Barry Kooda appeared the March 1978 issue of Rolling Stone Magazine. Later that year the band recorded their debut EP "Politics" - the song "My Girlfriend is A Rock" became a runaway hit in San Francisco, Sacramento, and Boston and was later covered by the Angry Samoans and Wool, among others. They also opened for The Clash, John Cale, The Police and Johnny Thunders.
The Nervebreakers contacted legendary Psychedelic rock pioneer and Texas native, Roky Erickson and wound up doing double duty by opening several shows as the Nervebreakers, as well as being Roky's backing band. A live recording of one of these shows was released on CD by the French record company New Rose Records. 
In 1979 they recorded a single for "Wild Child Records" containing the songs "Hijack the Radio" and "Why Am I So Flipped", and contributed 2 songs ("So Sorry" (Barry Kooda) and "I Love Your Neurosis") to the ESR Compilation "Are We Too Late For The Trend?" They recorded another song "I Don't Believe In Anything" but it was not released. By 1980, The Nervebreakers were one of the biggest bands in Dallas. They began recording their debut album "We Want Everything" on May 27, but the album was not released until 1994 when Texas rarities / reissue label "Existential Vacuum" released a vinyl LP, to rave reviews. Shortly thereafter, this effort was picked up by garage / punk label "Get Hip Records", and the CD was made available worldwide. In 2000 Italian label "Rave Up Records" released "Hijack the Radio", a vinyl LP collection of singles, rarities and live cuts. 
After the departure of Mike and Bob in 1981, Paul Quigg and James Flory joined, and the band won the "Agora's Battle of the Bands" in Dallas. The prize was recording time at Pantego Studios, where they recorded a Thom Edwards/Mike Haskins original "Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls, Girls", along with an obscure Rolling Stones cover, "I'd Much Rather Be With The Boys". The single was released on black and blue vinyl in a clear sleeve, but by then the band had already parted company.
In 2014, the song "I Love Your Neurosis" was played briefly during the opening sequence of the fourth episode in the first season of the AMC show "Halt and Catch Fire", which takes place in the nineteen eighties.
Reforming.
Mike, Tex, Barry, Carl and Bob re-entered the studio in 2007-2008 to record new original material entitled “Face Up to Reality”, which was slated for release in 2011. In 2009, The Nervebreakers returned to live performance, with several shows in Austin and Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="2867570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867570" title="Ultimate LA Guns">
Ultimate LA Guns

Ultimate L.A. Guns is a greatest hits album by L.A. Guns, a hard rock band from Los Angeles, California that came to prominence in the 1980s. Much like the band's earlier "compilation" "Greatest Hits and Black Beauties", this compilation consists of re-recorded versions of the band's hits, not the original versions.
This, however, is a compilation album due to all the tracks that appear to be the original versions actually being from "Greatest Hits and Black Beauties". The album also contains live tracks. Therefore, as this is not the first time the studio re-recordings have been released, it is not a studio album, rather a compilation album.

</doc>
<doc id="2867576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867576" title="Two Minute Warning">
Two Minute Warning

Two Minute Warning is the seventh album by Australian band The Angels, it was released in 1984. This is the domestic release under their own name. It was released in the US under their name Angel City.
Track listing.
Liberation release http://www.liberation.com.au/artists/release/Two_Minute_Warning

</doc>
<doc id="2867579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867579" title="The Velvet Teen">
The Velvet Teen

The Velvet Teen is an indie rock trio from Sonoma County, CA.
History.
The Velvet Teen is originally the name of Judah Nagler's electronic solo project, whose official debut was made during a brief Icelandic tour that began on New Year's Eve, 1999. In 2000, during which Nagler and Logan Whitehurst were members of the band Little Tin Frog, the two began meeting in secret to write songs together under the moniker, 'The Secret Band.' When Little Tin Frog disbanded later that year, Nagler and Whitehurst continued their project and adopted Nagler's solo title, The Velvet Teen. They recorded and released "Comasynthesis," a 6-song EP. In 2001, they were joined by bassist/vocalist Josh Staples and recorded their second EP, "The Great Beast February."
The Velvet Teen signed to Slowdance Records, an independent record label from Portland, OR. They enlisted Death Cab for Cutie's Chris Walla to produce their first full-length album, "Out of the Fierce Parade". Whitehurst, who was also an accomplished artist, created the etchings used as the album's artwork. Two music videos from the album ("Radiapathy" and "The Prize Fighter") were made and aired on MTV2.
Their second full-length album, "Elysium", is a stylistic departure from their previous work, and does not contain any guitar. With a core instrumentation of drums, bass, and piano, other noteworthy elements include string and horn arrangements arranged by Adam Theis, the electronic glitches of "Satre Ringo", and the 12-minute, 1089-word epic "Chimera Obscurant." "Elysium" was recorded on a laptop by Judah and his brother Ephriam Nagler at various locations in Sonoma County, and mixed at Kingsize Soundlabs in Los Angeles by Dave Trumfio and Mike Krassner.
Several months before the release of "Elysium", Whitehurst fell ill, was diagnosed with brain cancer, and subsequently left the band to focus on treatment. Casey Deitz was recruited as the new drummer after filling in for multiple shows.
The band recorded and released their third album, "Cum Laude!", again with Judah and Ephiram producing and engineering. "Cum Laude!" was another stylistic departure and features an IDM-influenced, progressive rock sound that was louder, faster, and livelier than any of their previous work. The music video for "Tokyoto" was directed and edited by Nagler, and is the only music video from "Cum Laude!". They supported the album on Minus the Bear's 2006 tour with P.O.S and Russian Circles.
Upon finishing the tour, Staples quit the band. On December 3, 2006, original drummer Logan Whitehurst died at his home in Los Banos, CA after a long battle with cancer.
On February 28, 2007, Nagler posted a message on The Velvet Teen's official website confirming that the band would continue. They performed and toured nationally with a new line-up in the fall of 2007; Nagler on bass/keys/vocals, Deitz on drums/vocals, and Matthew Izen of Polar Bears, formerly of The New Trust, on guitar.
In the spring of 2009, Josh Staples rejoined the band, and The Velvet Teen performed as a quartet in San Jose, CA. The first and only recording with this line-up, a four song EP titled "No Star", was recorded by Chris Manning at Fantasy Studios in Berkeley, CA, and Salamander Sound in San Rafael, CA. The recording was first self-released on CD and sold on their Japanese tour in October 2010 with The New Trust. It was released digitally on November 11, 2010, and physically (12" co-release with Side With Us/Makeyousick Records) on January 7, 2011 at the band's 12"/CD release show at Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco. A video for the song "No Star," directed by Mike Sloat, was released on February 19, 2011.
August 9, 2012, the band announced they will be recording their next full length album in early September. Steve Choi (Rx Bandits, Peace'd Out) and Roger Camero (No Motiv, Peace'd Out) are recording & co-producing the upcoming album. September 20, 2012, on the band's website they wrote "Nearly all of the tracking is finished for our upcoming full length. Title and release details are currently being determined. 11 songs. All new material. Oh, and it RULES."
On April 1st, 2014 the band's official website was updated with artwork for the upcoming album by Young and Sick [http://www.youngandsick.com/, and new information about the release of the album in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2867590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867590" title="Royal Cambodian Armed Forces">
Royal Cambodian Armed Forces

The Royal Cambodian Armed Forces (Khmer: , "Kangtorp Yuthipol Khemarak Phumin") (RCAF) is the national military forces of Cambodia. The Supreme Commander-in-Chief is HM King Norodom Sihamoni, General Pol Saroeun is the Commander in Chief of the RCAF, which consists of the Army, Navy, Air Force and the Gendarmerie. 
The armed forces currently operate under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of National Defence. Under the constitution the RCAF is in charged of protecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Kingdom of Cambodia from external threats.
The Royal Cambodian Armed Forces consists of three branches:
The RCAF was created in 1993 by the merger of the Cambodian People's Armed Forces and the two non communist resistance armies. At the time, there were also resistance forces opposing the Government comprising the Khmer Rouge and a separate royalist resistance movement (also known as the National United Army or NUA). The forerunner of the Cambodian Armed Forces is the Division 125. It was established in 1978 by Hun Sen (now is Prime Minister) and the Vietnam People's Army's support.
The Royal Cambodian Army is the largest force with troops stationed in each province of the country. The Royal Cambodian Navy is the second largest force and operates at sea, along the Mekong and Bassac rivers and in the Tonle Sap Lake. The military police force numbers 10,000 employees and runs parallel to the civilian police force.
The military police have posts in every province and municipality across the country. The Royal Cambodian Air Force is the smallest of the three forces and has 5,000 employees. The air force operates in every province with an airport.
Strength and demobilization.
In 2002, Prince Sisowath Sirirath, then Co-Minister of Defense, stated that the total Cambodian military strength stood around 120,000 persons. With the end of fighting and the surrender of the last of the Khmer Rouge, the Cambodian military has been undergoing substantial changes as it shifts to become a peacetime force.
Since 1999, the government has been working to demobilize large numbers of servicemen with support from the World Bank. Demobilization efforts began in February 2000 and the first 10,000 soldiers were demobilized in a pilot project later that year. In 2001, the first phase of demobilization got under way and 20,000 soldiers returned to civilian life in large ceremonies around the country. A second phase of demobilization was planned for 2003 where an additional 30,000 servicemen would leave the armed forces. However, the process has been stalled by allegations of corruption and procurement irregularities.
History.
Royal Khmer Armed Forces (FARK).
The Royal Khmer Armed Forces ""Forces Armées Royales Khmeres"" (FARK), was established on 9 November 1953 under a Franco-Khmer convention. This contributed to the termination of the French colony and protectorate, and Cambodia obtained its own authentic military organization. The FARK's roles were defined as follows: to guarantee the sovereignty of the nation and of the king; to ensure security, social order and the respect of law; and to defend the Kingdom of Cambodia. With 50,000 troops, FARK was organized at battalion level under the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, the Head of State. At this early stage of the birth of an independent nation its armed forces were often armed with little more than fake carved wooden guns to fool aggressive Viet Minh forces. This forced King Norodom Sihanouk to sign border treaty agreements that was very unfavorable to Cambodia, resulting in the loss of much of its territory.
Khmer National Armed Forces (FANK).
The military situation changed dramatically following the coup d'état in March 1970. In the Khmer Republic regime, FARK was renamed "Khmer National Armed Forces" (Forces Armées Nationales Khmeres – FANK). When the Cambodian Civil War followed, and in response to a declared state of emergency, the FANK's size was expanded to reach 200,000 military personnel organized in brigades and divisions. The armed forces of all categories were placed under command and control of the President. In reality only portion of the army are combat ready. Corruptions among commanders created thousands of ghost soldiers in order to pocket the ghost soldiers salary. When facing NVA,Viet Cong or Khmer Rough forces pro-American government army ( aka FANK ) never had full strengths as reported. Often FANK regiments, battalions were wiped out by NVA, Viet Congs, Khmer Rough forces, only American air powers kept Lon Nol's army survived. Sometimes corrupted FANK commanders sold army surplus weapons to the Khmer Rough forces they are fighting. Often many FANK commanders not even at the front lines when launching an operations against Khmer Rough. American congress lost all confident by late 1973 and finally cut off all military aides to FANK. Many Cambodian lost their lives as results of corruptions that lead to the Pol Pot Khmer Rough took over April 1975
National Army of Democratic Kampuchea (NADK).
After the fall of the Khmer Republic regime in April 1975, the Khmer Rouge established a new military force called National Army of Democratic Kampuchea (NADK). It was purely composed of original Khmer Rouge fighters and defectors Lon Nol's FANK soldiers. These FANK defectors to joined Khmer Rough were never fully trusted by the original Khmer Rough cadres. Later, were purged by Pol Pot. Thousands Khmer Rough soldiers and commanders were order to be kill by top Khmer Rough leaderships. Similar to other forces, the NADK was organized up to division level and under command of the Chief of the General Staff Gen. Son Sen and Gen.Ta Mok. NADK strengths was impressive to 375,000 fully armed supplied by PRC and some Eastern blocs. NADK was not operated efficiently because of many Vietnamese double agents hidden among them. When Khmer Rough forces launched an invasions into southern part of Vietnam ( aka Prey Nokor when it was Cambodia territories prior 1949 ) Vietnamese forces were caught off guard temporary but double agents hidden among Khmer Rough forces paid dividents. These Khmer Rough double agents were later found out to be KPRAF current Cambodian government cadres .
Kampuchean People's Revolutionary Armed Forces (KPRAF).
Following the intervention of the Vietnamese forces in January 1979, which resulted in the collapse of the Khmer Rouge regime and because of the effect of the Cold War, a new force was re-created in Cambodia: The Kampuchean People's Revolutionary Armed Forces, which later changed its name to the Cambodian People's Armed Forces (CPAF) of the Phnom Penh government, was rebuilt. This military organization evolved, in terms of size and organization, from battalions to divisions.
In the meantime, anti-Vietnamese movements were formed along the Cambodian-Thai border. Apart from the remained NADK, two other non-communist resistance forces, the Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces (KPNLAF) and the Armées Nationale pour Khmer Independent – ANKI (previously called Armées Nationale Sihanoukist – ANS) were established. The military evolution of the last two movements was similar in character: from small armed groups to divisions.
Because of the influence of the Cold War's ideological contest, and the interference of some global powers, Cambodia found itself in an insecure environment. This remained the case for more than 20 years after 1970, and was only partly resolved through the Paris Peace Accords signed in Paris October 1991. In reality KPRAF still dominated three factions of resistance groups. KPRAF integrated the Khmer Rough surrendering troops, KPNLF, ANKI and continue to dominated these groups even after integrations.
Re-establishment of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces.
A legitimate national armed force, the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces, was re-established in 1993 following the creation of a democratically elected First-Term Government consisted of two priministers. The armed forces of all parties, except the NADK, were integrated into one national armed force and later NADK integrated in 1998 after Pol Pot death. In reality KPRAF totally dominated these three integrated gurrilla groups. Commanders of KPNLF,ANKI, KR were later replaced one by one with KPRAF loyalist commanders. 
In order to put security problems to an end, the Government commenced its Win Win policy in mid-1995. The policy was to end the internal security crisis through national reconciliation and national unity efforts, under the rule of the King of Cambodia. Subsequent defections NADK units began in early 1996. The Win Win policy of Samdech Prime Minister Hun Sen continued to succeed as the last groups of the Khmer Rouge guerrillas were integrated into the RCAF in late 1998. It historically marked the total dissolution of the Khmer Rouge's political and military organs and the return of all secession areas to government control.
The RCAF now has to continue reforms, so as to be in-line with the Government's political guidelines. These guidelines direct the armed forces to demobilize to an acceptable size, achieve sound capability, and inculcate high ethics and dignity, with advancement towards international standardization in the future. The RCAF also has to plan for its agenda to include security cooperation for the common benefit of the whole region.
Royal Gendarmerie of Cambodia.
The Royal Gendarmerie of Cambodia is a paramilitary unit with 10,000 soldiers deployed in all provinces. It is headquartered in Phnom Penh. The unit's chain of command is through the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces High Command and commanded by a Lieutenant General, currently Lt-General Sao Sokha. Lt-General Sao Sokha was one of the commanders that defeated FUNCINPEC forces in coupe in July 1997. The Royal Gendarmerie of Cambodia is deployed in every province and cities to keep law and order. After the penal procedure code had been passed the military police in Cambodia play an important role in Cambodia society which keep law and orders in cities like the National Police, an important tasks that had been revoked sub decree in 2002.
Every provincial gendarmerie is commanded by a colonel, after 1 January 2009 by a brigadier general, except in the capital of Phnom Penh where it is commanded by brigadier general since it is created.
External links.
High Command Badge https://www.militaria-agent.com/catalog/CAMBODIA_DIRECTORY_OF_THE_HIGH_COMMAND_BADGE_SUBORDINATED_TO_THE_MINISTRY.html

</doc>
<doc id="2867591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867591" title="CBOT">
CBOT

CBOT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867596" title="Pantherinae">
Pantherinae

The Pantherinae are a subfamily of the Felidae named and first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1917.
Characteristics.
In pantherine cats, the suspensorium of the hyoid is imperfectly ossified. Its inferior portion consists of an elastic tendon, which confers great mobility upon the larynx. Due to this tendon, pantherine cats can distend the back of the mouth greatly. The structure of the hyoid allows them to roar. The rhinarium is flat and, at most, only barely reaches the dorsal side of the nose. The area between the nostrils is narrow and not extended sidewards as in the Felinae.
Classification.
Pocock defined this subfamily as comprising the genera "Panthera" and "Uncia".
The Pantherinae comprise:
Evolution.
The divergence of Pantherinae from Felinae has been estimated to have occurred between six and ten million years ago. DNA analysis suggests that the snow leopard "Uncia uncia" is basal to the entire Pantherinae and should be renamed "Panthera uncia". There is also evidence of distinct markers for the mitochondrial genome for Felidae.
Another DNA-based study has suggested that the branching order was "Panthera tigris" first, followed by "P. onca", "P. leo", and the last two sister species: "P. pardus" and "P. uncia".

</doc>
<doc id="2867597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867597" title="Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures">
Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures

"Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures" is a 1986 comedy television film written by Walter Williams and directed by Jim Drake. The film was based on the popular "Mr. Bill" skits from the television show "Saturday Night Live". "Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures" premiered on the Showtime cable television network in the United States on September 11, 1986.
Synopsis.
An attempt to bring the famed "Mr. Bill" clay characters to "life" in a sitcom format, this Showtime special featured Mr. Bill (Peter Scolari), his wife (Valerie Mahaffey) and son (Christopher Burton), as well as his next-door neighbor, Sluggo (Michael McManus), his wife (Lenore Kasdorf) and daughter (Hope Tibbetts). Although starring actors, the "Bills" were shown to be a "miniature" family, with many of the jokes revolving around the characters' small size and the challenges they faced living in a "large" human world, as well as scenarios where Mr. Bill is subjected to the various abusive situations the original "Saturday Night Live" character was best known for. Although the audience was invited to "look out for more shows" at the end of the 43-minute film, no follow-up "Mr. Bill" shows were ever produced.

</doc>
<doc id="2867599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867599" title="Grey Poupon">
Grey Poupon

Grey Poupon is a brand of whole-grain mustard and Dijon mustard which originated in Dijon, France.
The U.S. rights to the brand were acquired by the Heublein Company, later passing on to Kraft Foods. Grey Poupon became popular in the United States in the late 1970s and 1980s as American tastes broadened from conventional American yellow mustards. 
Like other Dijon mustards, Grey Poupon contains a small amount of white wine. The American version is made with brown mustard seed grown in Canada. 
History.
Maurice Grey was winning medals for his Dijon mustard machine in 1855. In 1860 he was awarded a Royal Appointment. He had developed a machine that dramatically increased the speed of production but needed finance which he got in 1866 from Auguste Poupon, another Dijon mustard manufacturer. The Grey Poupon partnership produced their first mustard around 1866 in Dijon, France.
In 1946 the Heublein Company bought the American rights from the original company. 
In 1970, the directors of Grey Poupon and of another Dijon mustard firm, André Ricard, having earlier bought the popular Maille-label, formed a conglomerate called S.E.G.M.A. Maille. Soon afterwards, the new company decided to phase out the Grey Poupon label in France. It is still, however, manufactured for export, and a small amount continues to be produced for sale at the historic Maille-Grey-Poupon boutique on the Rue de la Liberté in Dijon itself. 
In America, Heublein was acquired by R. J. Reynolds in 1982, which merged with Nabisco in 1985 to form RJR Nabisco. In 1999, Kraft Foods acquired Nabisco, including the Grey Poupon brand. 
Grey Poupon Dijon and wholegrain mustard is still produced in France for the European market.
Marketing.
Heublein increased the visibility and name recognition of their mustard brand with a 1980s commercial pointing out that "one can enjoy the finer things of life with white wine mustard" without paying high prices, in which a Rolls-Royce pulls up alongside another Rolls-Royce, and a passenger in one asks "Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon?" The other responds, "But of course!" The closing shot is of the Grey Poupon jar being passed between the vehicles. Sometimes it would be other variants such as the Orient Express. This commercial has been parodied in many films and TV shows including the 1992 movie "Wayne's World", "Married... With Childrens "Old Insurance Dodge" and Family Guy's "Blue Harvest". The commercial spawned a number of variations, often comedic; a later version features Ian Richardson asking Paul Eddington if he has any Grey Poupon, to which Eddington replies, "But of course," then motions for his driver to speed away. Another commercial included the introduction of a plastic squeeze jar, where the jar makes embarrassing noises while extracting the mustard, much to the mortification of the man in front of his butler.
In 2007, Grey Poupon/Kraft company introduced three new specialty mustards: a coarse ground mustard with whole mustard seeds; a spicy brown mustard with diced yellow onions; and a honey mustard with clover honey and spices.
In 2013, Grey Poupon created a new advertisement, playing upon the 1980s commercial, displaying a duel between the driver who took the Grey Poupon Jar (played by British actor Frazer Douglas) being chased down by the original owner of the Mustard (played by Rod McCary). The spot was nominated for an Emmy for best commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="2867604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867604" title="List of colleges in Canada">
List of colleges in Canada

This is a list of colleges in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2867618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867618" title="Grenfell">
Grenfell

Grenfell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867620" title="Viral matrix protein">
Viral matrix protein

Viral matrix proteins are structural proteins linking the viral envelope with the virus core. They play a crucial role in virus assembly, and interact with the RNP complex as well as with the viral membrane. They are found in many enveloped viruses including paramyxoviruses (including pneumoviruses and morbilliviruses), orthomyxoviruses, herpesviruses, retroviruses and other groups.
An example is the M1 protein of the influenza virus, showing affinity to the glycoproteins inserted in the host cell membrane on one side and affinity for the RNP complex molecules on the other side, which allows formation at the membrane of a complex made of the viral ribonucleoprotein at the inner side indirectly connected to the viral glycoproteins protruding from the membrane. This assembly complex will now bud out of the cell as new mature viruses.
Viral matrix proteins, like many other viral proteins, can exert different functions during the course of the infection.

</doc>
<doc id="2867623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867623" title="Strong (Robbie Williams song)">
Strong (Robbie Williams song)

"Strong" is a song by Robbie Williams, released as the third single from his 1998 album, "I've Been Expecting You" in early 1999. The song managed to break into the top five in the United Kingdom. The B-side is the live version of "Let Me Entertain You" recorded at the 1999 Brit Awards, the performance was included on the single in the enhanced section.
During his live performance at Knebworth, Williams and the crowd all sang "Strong" in an attempt to break the biggest number of people doing karaoke world record.
Music video.
The video is a compilation of on-tour footage, including many live performances, Williams with his nephew, Williams on stage with his dad, and Williams goofing off.
Chart performance.
The song became Williams' seventh top five single in the United Kingdom when it was released in March 1999, the track also managed to break inside the top ten in New Zealand, but it did not make a bigger impact around Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2867625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867625" title="Arlington High School (Arlington Heights, Illinois)">
Arlington High School (Arlington Heights, Illinois)

Arlington High School was a public high school located in Arlington Heights, Illinois, which operated from 1922 to 1984. It was the oldest school in Township High School District 214 which served students in Arlington Heights, Buffalo Grove, Elk Grove Village, Mount Prospect, Prospect Heights, Rolling Meadows and Wheeling, Illinois. The school occupied a site on that is approximately 1.3 km due east of Arlington Racetrack on Euclid.
District 214 had budget concerns with declining enrollment. The district board members decided to close two schools. Both of the schools that were eventually closed were in Arlington Heights: Arlington High School (closed 1984) and Forest View High School (closed 1986).
The Arlington High School colors were red and white. Competitive teams were stylized as the Cardinals.
History.
The closing of Arlington High School was a significant community event in 1983 and 1984, which embattled residents of the district who did not want to see their high schools close. The school district administration completed its first report in April 1981 to the District 214 Board of Education stating that one of eight high schools should close by 1983 due to declining enrollment. Weeks later a report was submitted that two high schools should close by the 1985-1986 school year. Residents responded by presenting arguments to support their own schools. Pro-Arlington supporters declared that Arlington, being the oldest school, had an important community tradition and an important location near downtown Arlington Heights that helped develop and maintain community values and support downtown businesses. Arlington supporters also declared that Arlington had dense residential surroundings, which allowed most students to walk to school. Arlington supporters also underscored the benefit of the agreement with the Arlington Heights Park District to use the swimming pool, which was across the street from the high school, for education and competitive swimming events. Only Wheeling and Buffalo Grove High Schools, which were not at risk of closure, had swimming pools.
In April, 1982 a computer study listed Rolling Meadows, John Hersey High School, Forest View and Prospect High School (in order) as the most likely schools to be closed. Non-Arlington High School residents sought to keep their schools open by declaring that Arlington High School was the oldest school and the most expensive to maintain and remodel. They even cited a tragic accident in 1971, when a brick partition wall in a bathroom collapsed when three male students (trapped in the bathroom) braced themselves to open a door that had been secured by a piece of wood as a prank. One of the students eventually died from his serious injuries. The partitions were immediately re-designed for safety reasons.
On May 3, 1982 District 214 adjusted data for a computer study and corrected the target list for school closures: John Hersey High School, Arlington and Prospect High School. On May 17, 1982 the District 214 board voted (5-2) to close Arlington High School. A group of Arlington High School parents formed the Assembly of Citizens and Taxpayers (ACT) to study the possibility of seceding from District 214 and forming their own district (August, 1982). Eventually a lawsuit was filed by five Arlington Heights residents and ACT against District 214, charging the board ignored facts from its own studies (November 18, 1982).
In the subsequent lawsuit, District 214 planner Howard Feddema testified that board member Donald Hoeck called him to ask that a computer study's data be manipulated to have Arlington High School move to the top as the candidate for closing. Hoeck replied that he was only trying to demonstrate that numbers could be manipulated many ways (March 10 and 11, 1983). Circuit Court Judge James C. Murray overturned the District 214 decision to close Arlington High School. Judge Murray's opinion states that the board created standards to follow in the closing of schools and then failed to follow them (May 26, 1983). District 214 appealed on June 1, 1983, but Arlington High School freshmen still enrolled in the Fall of 1983.
On the second day of the new school year in 1983, Illinois Appellate Court (Justices James J. Mejda, Kenneth E. Wilson and Francis S. Lorenz) overturned Cook County Judge James Murray's ruling blocking the closing of Arlington High School. The Appellate Court stated that they "cannot question the wisdom of the final action. Right or wrong, it is the decision the board adopted as a quasi-legislative function within its powers ..." and that the court is "unable to say that the ultimate decision itself, the decision to close Arlington and reassign the freshmen students was so palpably arbitrary, capricious or unreasonable as to render it null and void" (August 31, 1983).
Post closure uses.
In May, 1984 District 214 put Arlington High School up for sale and then for auction. Arlington High School closed its doors to public high school students in June, 1984. The following year in April, Christian Liberty Academy of Prospect Heights purchased Arlington High School for $1.51 million. Christian Liberty Academy continues to operate from the Arlington High School building.
Interior and exterior scenes from the 1986 film "Lucas" starring Charlie Sheen and Corey Haim were shot at the school during the summer immediately after its closing, including some scenes with the Prospect High School Marching Band which at that point contained former Arlington students.

</doc>
<doc id="2867633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867633" title="Stretch-activated ion channel">
Stretch-activated ion channel

Stretch-activated or stretch-gated ion channels are ion channels which open their pores in response to mechanical deformation of a neuron's plasma membrane. Opening of the ion channels depolarizes the afferent neuron producing an action potential with sufficient depolarization. Channels open in response to two different mechanisms: the prokaryotic model and the mammalian hair cell model. Stretch-activated ion channels have been shown to detect vibration, pressure, stretch, touch, sounds, tastes, smell, heat, volume, and vision. Stretch-activated ion channels have been categorized into three distinct "superfamilies": the ENaC/DEG family, the TRP family, and the K1 selective family. These channels are involved with bodily functions such as blood pressure regulation. They are shown to be associated with many cardiovascular diseases. Stretch-activated channels were first observed in chick skeletal muscles by Falguni Guharay and Frederick Sachs in 1983 and the results were published in 1984. Since then stretch-activated channels have been found in cells from bacteria to humans as well as plants.
Definition.
Stretch-activated ion channels are mechanotransducers which conduct ionic currents by responding to stress in the cell membrane. To be identified as stretch-activated, the ion channel must open and close in response to membrane tension.Mechanotransduction, an electrical signal resulting from a mechanical stimulus, occurs via the opening of stretch-activated ion channels due to membrane deformation. The opening of these channels results in a non-specific ionic flow, which depolarizes the afferent nerve fiber, and may produce action potentials with sufficient depolarization. The opening of these channels is central to a neuron’s response to pressure, often osmotic pressure and blood pressure, to regulate ionic flow in internal environments. There are two mechanisms for which these channels open. The prokaryotic model suggests that stretch-activated channels open directly in response to force to the membrane, whereas the mammalian hair cell model involves a tether bound both to the channel and to the extracellular matrix or cytoskeleton. Force on the membrane then displaces the tether, creating tension which opens the channel.
Functions.
Stretch-activated ion channels are of use in the initial formation of an action potential from a mechanical stimulus, for example by the mechanoreceptors in an animal's vibrissae (whiskers). 
Afferent nerve fibers responsible for sensory stimulus detection and feedback are especially sensitive to stimulation. This results from the specialized mechanoreceptor cells that are superimposed upon the afferent nerve fibers. Stretch-activated ion channels are located on these mechanoreceptor cells and serve to lower the action potential threshold, thus making the afferent nerves more sensitive to stimulation. Afferent nerve endings without mechanoreceptor cells are called free nerve endings. They are less sensitive than the encapsulated afferent fibers and generally function in the perception of pain.
Stretch-activated ion channels are responsible for many bodily functions in mammals. In the skin they are responsible for sensing vibration, pressure sensation, stretch, touch, and light touch. They are expressed in sensory modalities including taste, hearing, smell, heat sensation, volume control, and vision. They can also regulate internal functions of our body including, but not limited to, osmotic pressure in cells, blood pressure in veins and arteries, micturition, and heart contractility. In addition to these functionalities, stretch-activated ion channels have also been found to be involved with balance and proprioceptive sensation.
Examples in functionality.
The different families of stretch-activated ion channels are responsible for different functions around the body. The DEG/ENaC family consists of two subgroups: the ENaC subfamily regulates Na+ reabsorption in kidney and lung epithelia; the ASIC subfamily is involved in fear conditioning, memory formation, and pain sensation. The TRP superfamily of channels are found in sensory receptor cells that are involved in heat sensation, taste, smell, touch, and osmotic and volume regulation. MscM, MscS, and MscL channels (mechanosensitive channels of mini, small, and large conductance) regulate osmotic pressure in cells by releasing intracellular fluid when they become too stretched. In the body, a possible role in myoblast development has been described. Furthermore, mechanically gated ion channels are also found in the stereocilia of the inner ear. Sound waves are able to bend the stereocilia and open up ion channels leading to the creation of nerve impulses. These channels also play a role in sensing vibration and pressure via activation of Pacinian corpuscles in the skin.
Regulation.
Stretch-activated ion channels are one of the three main types of ionotropic receptors, or channel-linked receptors. These channels open when mechanical forces of stretch or pressure is applied to the channels, causing them to undergo a conformational change. This change allows ions to pass through. The channels may also be pulled open due to tension on the membrane itself. Opening the channels allows ions to which they are permeable to flow down their electrochemical gradients into or out of the cell, causing a change in membrane potential.
All types of stretch-activated ion channels respond to mechanical stimuli with a similar mechanism. A stimulus resulting from a deformation of the capsule on the afferent neuron causes a stretch in the membrane. This mechanical deformation causes stretch-sensitive channels to have an increased probability of opening. A depolarization of the afferent nerve fiber occurs as the stretch-activated cation channel opens. An action potential fires if the cell is depolarized above threshold and it propagates to the CNS. The sensory stimuli that excite stretch-activated channels are regulated by Ab and Aa nerve fibers. These fibers have low thresholds and originate from mechanosensory neurons in the dorsal root ganglion. ). Channels that have traditionally been known as just “voltage-“ or “ligand-gated” have also been found to be mechanically sensitive as well. Channels exhibit mechanical sensitivity as a general property. However, mechanical stress affects various types of channels in different ways. Voltage and ligand gated channels can be modified slightly by mechanical stimulation, which might change their responsiveness or permeability slightly, but they still respond primarily to voltage or ligands, respectively.
Regulation mechanisms.
There are two different types of stretch-activated channels between which it is important to distinguish: mechanically-gated channels, which are directly influenced by mechanical deformations of the membrane, and mechanically-sensitive channels, which are opened by second messengers released from the true mechanically-gated channel. 
Two different mechanisms have been found to open stretch-activated ion channels: Mechanical deformations in the cell membrane can increase the probability of the channels opening. Proteins of the extracellular matrix and cytoskeleton are tethered to extra - and intra-cytoplasmic domains, respectively, of the stretch-activated ion channels. Tension on these mechanosensory proteins causes these proteins to act as a signaling intermediate, resulting in the opening of the ion channel. All known stretch-activated ion channels in prokaryotic cells have been found to be opened by direct deformation of the lipid bilayer membrane. Channels that have been shown to exclusively use this mechanism of gating are the TREK-1 and TRAAK channels. In studies using mammalian hair cells, the mechanism that pulls on proteins tethered from the intra- and extra-cytoplasmic domain of the channel to the cytoskeleton and extracellular matrix, respectively, is the most likely model for ion channel opening.
Experiments in channel regulation.
Through experiments performed on the cytoskeleton and extra-cytoplasmic matrix of stretch-activated ion channels, these structures have been shown to play significant roles in mechanotransduction. In one such experiment on adult heart cells, whole cell recordings were taken on cells being squeezed with two pipettes at 1 Hz/1 um. This squeezing produced no current until five minutes in when a large depolarization was observed. Hereafter, the cell became extremely responsive to every compression and gradually decreased sensitivity over the next few minutes. Researchers hypothesized that, initially, the cytoskeleton was buffering the mechanical deformation of the squeezing from the channel. The depolarization at five minutes was the cytoskeleton snapping which subsequently caused the channel to sense the mechanical deformations and thereby respond to the stimuli. Researchers believe that over the few minutes where the channel repaired itself the cytoskeleton must be repairing itself and newly adapting to the squeezing stimuli.
Structure.
ENaC/DEG superfamily.
ASIC.
There are six known ASIC subunits, ASIC1a, ASIC1b, ASIC2a, ASIC2b, ASIC3, and ASIC4, which have two transmembrane domains, extracellular and intracellular loops, and C and N termini. These ASIC subunits likely form tetramers with varying kinetics, pH sensitivity, tissue distribution, and pharmacological properties.
TRP superfamily.
There are seven subfamilies within the TRP superfamily: TRPC (canonical), TRPV (vanilloid), TRPM (melastatin), TRPP (polycystin), TRPML (mucolipin), TRPA (ankyrin), and TRPN (NOMPC-like). TRP proteins typically consist of six transmembrane domains, S1, S2, S3, S4, S5, and S6, with a pore between S5 and S6. These contain intracellular N and C termini, which form tetramers and vary in length and domain. Within the channel there are ankyrins, which are structural proteins that mediate protein-protein interactions, and are thought to contribute to the tether model of stretch-activated channel opening. NOMPC, identified in D. melanogaster mechanotransduction and a member of the TRPN subfamily, contains a relatively high number of ankyrins.
K1-selective superfamily.
K2P channels consist of six subfamilies and contain four transmembrane domains, which form two pores each between domains 1–2 and 3–4. K2P channels also contain a short N terminal domain and a C terminal which varies in length. There is also a large extracellular linker region between domain 1 and the first pore formed between domains 1–2.
Examples.
TRP channels are typically non-selective, although a few are selective for calcium or hydrated magnesium ions, and are composed of integral membrane proteins. Although many TRP channels are activated by voltage change, ligand binding, or temperature change, some TRP channels have been hypothesized to be involved in mechanotransduction. Some examples are TRPV4, which mediates mechanical load in a variety of tissues, including the liver, heart, lung, trachea, testis, spleen, salivary glands, cochlea, and vascular endothelial cells, as well as TRPC1 and TRPC6, which are involved in muscle mechanosensation. TRPC1 is expressed in the myocytes of the heart, arteries, and skeletal muscle. TRPC1 is widely considered to be a non-selective “store-operated ion channel” (SOC) involved in the calcium influx following calcium depletion of the endoplasmic reticulum of the cell. TRPC6 is a calcium-permeable non-selective cation channel expressed in the cardiovascular system. TRPC6 is potentially a sensor of mechanically and osmotically induced membrane stretch, and is possibly directly gated by membrane tension. Other examples include TREK-1 and TRAAK which are found in mammalian neurons and are classified as potassium channels in the tandem pore domain class and "MID-1" (also known as "MCLC" or CLCC1.)
The six K2P channel subfamilies are regulated by various physical, cellular, and pharmacological stimulants, including membrane stretch, heat, pH change, calcium flux, and protein kinases.
Clinical relevance.
Stretch-activated ion channels perform important functions in many different areas of our body. Pressure-dependent myogenic constriction resistance arteries require these channels for regulation in the smooth muscle of the arteries. They have been found to be used for volume sensing in animals and blood pressure regulation. Bacteria have been shown to relieve hydrostatic pressure through MscL and MscS channels.
Pathologies associated with stretch-activated ion channels.
Stretch-activated ion channels have been correlated with major pathologies. Some of these pathologies include cardiac arrhythmia (such as atrial fibrillation), cardiac hypertrophy, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and other cardiovascular diseases.
Blocking stretch-activated ion channels.
Gd2+ and lanthanides have been shown to block stretch-activated ion channel function. GsMTx4 has been shown to inhibit these channels from the extracellular side, but it is not inhibit all stretch-activated ion channels and particularly has no effect on 2p channels.

</doc>
<doc id="2867638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867638" title="Joint replacement">
Joint replacement

Replacement arthroplasty Greek "arthron", joint, limb, articulate, + -plassein, to form, mould, forge, feign, make an image of, or joint replacement surgery, is a procedure of orthopedic surgery in which the arthritic or dysfunctional joint surface is replaced with an orthopedic prosthesis. Joint replacement is considered as a treatment when there is severe joint pain or dysfunction is not alleviated by less-invasive therapies.
Joint replacement surgery is becoming more common with knees and hips replaced most often. As of 2009, about 773,000 Americans have a hip or knee replaced each year".
Background.
Stephen S. Hudack, a surgeon based in New York City, began animal testing with artificial joints in 1939. By 1948,
he was at the New York Orthopedic Hospital (part of the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center) and with funding from the Office of Naval Research, was replacing hip joints in humans.
Two previously popular forms of arthroplasty were: (1) "interpositional arthroplasty"', with interposition of some other tissue like skin, muscle or tendon to keep inflammatory surfaces apart and (2) "excisional arthroplasty" in which the joint surface and bone were removed leaving scar tissue to fill in the gap. Other forms of arthroplasty include "resection(al) arthroplasty", "resurfacing arthroplasty", "mold arthroplasty", "cup arthroplasty", and "silicone replacement arthroplasty". Osteotomy to restore or modify joint congruity is also a form of arthroplasty.
In recent decades the most successful and common form of arthroplasty is the surgical replacement of a joint or joint surface with a prosthesis. For example, a hip joint that is affected by osteoarthritis may be replaced entirely (total hip arthroplasty) with a prosthetic hip. This procedure involves replacing both the acetabulum (hip socket) and the head and neck of the femur. The purpose of doing this surgery is to relieve pain, to restore range of motion and to improve walking ability, leading to the improvement of muscle strength.
Procedural timeline.
Before major surgery is performed, a complete pre-anaesthetic work-up is required. In elderly patients this usually would include ECG, urine tests, hematology and blood tests. Cross match of blood is routine also, as a high percentage of patients receive a blood transfusion.
Pre-operative planning requires accurate Xrays of the affected joint, implant design selecting and size-matching to the xray images (a process known as templating).
A few days' hospitalization is followed by several weeks of protected function, healing and rehabilitation. This may then be followed by several months of slow improvement in strength and endurance.
Early mobilisation of the patient is thought to be the key to reducing the chances of complications such as venous thromboembolism and Pneumonia. Modern practice is to mobilize patients as soon as possible and ambulate with walking aids when tolerated. Depending on the joint involved and the pre-op status of the patient, the time of hospitalization varies from 1 day to 2 weeks, with the average being 4–7 days in most regions.
Physiotherapy is used extensively to help patients recover function after joint replacement surgery. A graded exercise programme is needed initially, as the patients' muscles take time to heal after the surgery; exercises for range of motion of the joints and ambulation should not be strenuous. Later when the muscles have healed, the aim of exercise expands to include strengthening and recovery of function.
Materials.
Some ceramic materials commonly used in joint replacement are alumina (Al2O3), zirconia (ZrO2), silica (SiO2), hydroxyapatite (Ca10(PO4)6(OH)2), titanium nitride (TiN), silicon nitride (Si3N4). A combination of titanium and titanium carbide is a very hard ceramic material often used in components of arthroplasties due to the impressive degree of strength and toughness it presents, as well as its compatibility with medical imaging. 
Titanium carbide has proved to be possible to use combined with sintered polycrystalline diamond surface (PCD), a superhard ceramic which promises to provide an improved, strong, long-wearing material for artificial joints. PCD is formed from polycrystalline diamond compact (PDC) through a process involving high pressures and temperatures. When compared with other ceramic materials such as cubic boron nitride, silicon nitride, and aluminum oxide, PCD shows many better characteristics, including a high level of hardness and a relatively low coefficient of friction. For the application of artificial joints it will likely be combined with certain metals and metal alloys like cobalt, chrome, titanium, vanadium, stainless steel, aluminum, nickel, hafnium, silicon, cobalt-chrome, tungsten, zirconium, etc. 
In joints such as knee replacements there are two parts that are ceramic and they can be made of either the same ceramic or a different one. If they are made of the same ceramic, however, they have different weight ratios. These ceramic parts are configured so that should shards break off of the implant, the particles are benign and not sharp. They are also made so that if a shard were to break off of one of the two ceramic components, they would be noticeable through x-rays during a check-up or inspection of the implant. With implants such as hip implants, the ball of the implant could be made of ceramic, and between the ceramic layer and where it attaches to the rest of the implant, there is usually a membrane to help hold the ceramic. The membrane can help prevent cracks, but if cracks should occur at two points which create a separate piece, the membrane can hold the shard in place so that it doesn't leave the implant and cause further injury. Because these cracks and separations can occur, the material of the membrane is a bio-compatible polymer that has a high fracture toughness and a high shear toughness.
Risks and complications.
Medical risks.
The Stress of the operation may result in medical problems of varying incidence and severity.
Long-term risks.
There are many controversies. Much of the research effort of the orthopedic-community is directed to studying and improving joint replacement. The main controversies are

</doc>
<doc id="2867645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867645" title="Enrique Ros">
Enrique Ros

Enrique Ros (born Enrique Emilio Ros y Pérez in Cienfuegos, Cuba, died April 10, 2013 in Miami, Florida) was a Miami based Cuban-American businessman and activist opposed to Cuban president Fidel Castro. He is the author of "Revolucion de 1933 en Cuba" and other books.
Ros hosted radio shows on U.S. government station Radio Marti which broadcasts exclusively to Cuba, and is a strong advocate of retaining the United States embargo against Cuba. Ros was married to Amanda Adato (1926-2011) and they have two children Enrique Jr. "Henry" and U.S. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and four grandchildren: Jennifer and Katherine Ros, and Patricia and Rodrigo Lehtinen. He is also related to another Enrique Ros, who was one of officers in Cuba's elite marksman squad at the Hotel National in 1933 which held off the mutiny of the enlisted ranks led by Batista and others for several days.
Ros died on April 10, 2013 in a South Miami, Florida hospital from respiratory complications. He was 89.

</doc>
<doc id="2867646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867646" title="Tequan Richmond">
Tequan Richmond

Tequan Richmond ("Tuh-kwon"; born October 30, 1992), also known by his stage name, T-Rich, is an American actor and musician. Tequan is best known for his role as Drew Rock on the UPN/CW sitcom Everybody Hates Chris. Richmond played Ray Charles, Jr. (son of singer/musician Ray Charles) in the motion picture "Ray". He currently plays T. J. Ashford on the long-running ABC soap opera "General Hospital" since November 2012 and was pre-nominated for a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Young Actor in 2013 for the soap opera.
Career.
Modeling.
Richmond moved to Los Angeles, California in 2001, not intending to become an actor. He appeared in magazine ads such as "Sports Illustrated", "Reader's Digest", "Newsweek", and "National Geographic", as well as a national Nestlé print ad.
Acting.
Richmond made his 2013 Sundance Film Festival debut with a performance as Beltway sniper Lee Boyd Malvo in "Blue Caprice." The film sold to Sundance Select/IFC Films and opened New Directors/New Films Festival at MoMA in 2013. The film has a fall 2013 theater release.
Richmond also was one of six l hosts for kids' TV shows on "Toon Disney" and has had guest-starring roles on CBS's "Cold Case", "", "Private Practice", "Detroit 1-8-7", "Memphis Beat", "Love That Girl" and "Numb3rs" as well as Lifetime's "Strong Medicine" and FX's "The Shield". He has co-starred on NBC's "ER", Showtime's "Weeds", and Fox's "MadTV".
Richmond appears in the hip hop music video "Hate It Or Love It" by 50 Cent and Game as young Game.
Music.
Richmond has been performing musically as T-Rich.

</doc>
<doc id="2867647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867647" title="Prosper Utseya">
Prosper Utseya

Prosper Utseya (born 26 March 1985) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. Rising from the ranks of township cricket in Harare's Highfield suburb, he attended Churchill High School (the cradle of many black Zimbabwean players), thanks to Zimbabwe Cricket Union scholarships. He bowls a right-arm off break and is a useful right-hand batsman. 
While his initial place in the national team owed much to the withdrawal of several white players after Heath Streak's dismissal from captaincy, Utseya has more than earned his place since. He was ranked 15th in the ICC ODI Bowling Rankings in September 2006.
He has a reputation for being an extremely parsimonious bowler, albeit with less wicket taking prowess. In a Cricinfo article from August 2006, he had the lowest economy rate (3.84) amongst all spinners in the history of ODI cricket. In comparison, the economy rates for Muttiah Muralitharan and Harbhajan Singh at the same time were 3.85 and 4.11 respectively. 
In July 2006, Prosper was appointed as the National Captain at the age of 21, replacing Terry Duffin at the last minute (see Cricinfo interview of August 2006). He got off to a good start, with a well fought 3-2 series victory against Bangladesh. He resigned as captain in 2010.
He is the first and joint world record holder for conceding the least number of runs(6runs) in a T20 International after bowling the complete quota of overs(4 overs is the maximum quota in a T20 match). 
He uses Crown King Sport cricket gear

</doc>
<doc id="2867650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867650" title="Boris Rauschenbach">
Boris Rauschenbach

Boris Viktorovich Rauschenbach (Russian language: Борис Викторович Раушенбах) (18 January 1915, Petrograd - 27 March 2001, Moscow) was a preeminent Soviet physicist and rocket engineer, who developed the theory and instruments for interplanetary flight control and navigation in 1955-1960s. He is also notable for his studies in Christian theology and theory of Art.
Biography.
"This article, including quotation, is based on Rauschenbach's 1997 book of autobiographic essays, "Pristrastie" (Obsession)"
Family roots.
Boris-Ivar Rauschenbach was born to a protestant family of ethnic Germans, tracing their history to Karl-Friedrich Rauschenbach who settled in Russia in 1766. His father, originally a Volga German, was a manager at a leather factory in Saint Petersburg, and the family lived at the factory site until 1925. The family was bilingual; Rauschenbach said that "I feel myself a German and a Russian at the same time, a peculiar feeling... reflecting reality. We grew up in Russia, immersed in Russian traditions" ("Я чувствую себя одновременно русским и немцем - интересное ощущение... оно отражает реальность. Мы выросли в России, впитали в себя русские обычаи"). Boris attended a former Reformist Protestant school, one of two German-language schools left in 1920s. The school, plagued by ever-changing novel teaching systems, provided poor education (apart from good language practice).
Education.
Boris, like many young men of his time, was fascinated by flight and aviation. The only aviation-related college in Leningrad was a newly established Institute of Civil Air Fleet, later converted into a military academy. After a brief work at an aircraft plant, Rauschenbach completed his studies this Institute (1932-1937); later he complained about its poor training quality and lack of tradition. More important was his glider hobby of this time, especially the practical studies of stability in flying wing gliders. Glider enthusiasts' rallies in Crimea exposed Rauschenberg to aviation professionals; in 1937, he received an offer from Sergey Korolyov to join his RNII (Rocket Institute), based in Khovrino near Moscow.
Early studies (1937-1941).
Sergey Korolyov assigned Rauschenbach to flight control automation for his "winged rocket" (cruise missile) project. Despite Korolyov's public statements on "All attention to engines!" ("В центре внимания - мотор!"), he realized a wide range of unsolved rocketry problems, notably flight stability and automated controls. Autopilots on conventional planes could be "trained" and tuned by human pilots in flight; rocket designers had to find an alternative "training" technology. Rauschenbach's first assignments on Model 212C jet cruise missile were done in TsAGI wind tunnel. This was followed by manned rocket plane program, cut short when NKVD arrested Korolyov and Valentin Glushko in summer of 1938. Until 1941, Rauschenbach worked on jet combustion stability, a program that resulted in effective and stable Rocket artillery projectiles. After the German Invasion of 1941, recently married Rauschenbach relocated with his institution east, to Yekaterinburg.
Internment (1942-1948).
In March 1942, Rauschenbach, then working on auto-targeting anti-aircraft projectiles,
was held in a labor camp without trial, like other ethnic Germans. Half of his detachment of around a thousand inmates perished in the first winter. They were working at a brick plant near Nizhny Tagil in Urals. Two weeks after he arrived in the camp, Rauschenbach wrote a technical letter to his former design bureau, commenting on his incompleted work. The letter was promptly received by general Viktor Bolkhovitinov, working on a parallel rocket project, who managed to transfer Rauschenbach from hard labor to a desk job. Until 1946, inmate Rauschenbach performed calculations for Bolkhovitinov's bureau, learning advanced mathematics in the process.
In January 1946, Rauschenbach was dispatched from the camp to an exile in Nizhny Tagil, working there for Mstislav Keldysh calculation bureau. In 1948, Keldysh extricated Rauschenbach from exile, in what the latter called "a long and completely fantastical affair" ("длинная и совершенно фантастическая история"). Rauschenbach worked with Keldysh on jet engine dynamics until 1954, later saying that "In my life, I worked for two bosses only, Korolyov and Keldysh, both men of high integrity, and that's important" ("Начальников в жизни у меня было только два — Королев, и Келдыш, высоконравственные люди, вот что очень важно"). His twin daughters were born in 1950 in Moscow; wife, Vera Rauschenbach, worked in State Historical Museum in Moscow.
Space flight control (1954-1970s).
In 1954, Keldysh allowed Rauschenbach to concentrate on space flight theory, notably orientation of a spacecraft in flight, although it had little common with Keldysh's own jobs. Next year, Rauschenbach joined the Korolyov firm. "It was not a breakup with Keldysh. Rather, my work outgrew his institute, and Keldysh himself negotiated transfer of my team to Korolyov" ("Это не был разрыв с Келдышем. Просто работы, которые я вел, уже не помещались в институте, и Келдыш сам договорился с Королевым, что я со своей “командой” перехожу к нему").
Rauschenbach's first major success was the lunar flyby of Luna 3 in October 1959, that returned first photographs of Moon's far side. This was followed by flight control systems for interplanetary probes to Venus, Mars and manned orbital space flight. He was the last man to have eye-to-eye contact with Yuri Gagarin before the first spaceman blasted off, he was on the mission control during the flight and recorded Gagarin's first technical reports after it. 1961 Soviet newspapers described his identity as "Professor V. Ivanchenko". Rauschenbach also designed instruments for the Vostok 3-Vostok 6 joint flight and the first Soyuz spacecraft docking systems.
Rauschenbach School.
Since 1948, Rauschenbach lectured in Physics and Technical Department of Moscow State University, which was converted to an independent Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MFTI) in 1951. Rauschenbach chaired Theoretical Mechanics department in MFTI since 1978. His course of lectures in the recent years was 'Dynamics of spaceflight'.
Rauschenbach trained the first cosmonauts in flight dynamics and spacecraft control systems, but after the death of Korolyov in 1965, he gradually stepped aside from active space program and concentrated on academic activities and his studies of art.
Art theories and theology.
Rauschenbach later linked his interest to visual art with the problems of docking spacecraft. During docking operation, pilot could see the other spacecraft only on a TV screen. Does it render real objects good enough, wondered Rauschenbach, to bet the lives of two crews on a flat electronic image? This led him to study perspective and human perception of flat images. This applied problem transformed into general interest in humanities: "Art and art studies, faith and religion live forever, and the man is always anxious to step further into the deep of it" ("искусство и искусствознание, вера и религия существуют вечно, и в человеке всегда живет и будет жить какое-то беспокойство, желание проникнуть как можно глубже в сущность всего этого").
Rauschenbach's first published work outside rocketry, "Spatial composition in old Russian art" (1975) and later "Spatial composition in painting" (1980, including world art) were dedicated to mathematical foundations of perspective in art. His mathematics prove the impossibility of rendering correct spatial perspective on a flat sheet. His studies of the difference between the material artwork and human perception of it indicated that perception differs with the subject of an image. Great artists deliberately distorted perspective, and the degree of distortion depends on the subject.
His theological essays, published in 1990s, concentrate on the proof of Holy Trinity. This work, as well as studies of icons, earned him credits of Russian Orthodox Church.
Books by Rauschenbach.
In English:
In Russian:

</doc>
<doc id="2867656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867656" title="Aretas IV Philopatris">
Aretas IV Philopatris

Aretas IV Philopatris ("Ḥāritat" in Nabataean) was the King of the Nabataeans from roughly 9 BC to AD 40.
Aretas came to power after the assassination of Obodas III, who was apparently poisoned. Josephus says that he was originally named Aeneas, but took "Aretas" as his throne name. An inscription from Petra suggests that he may have been a member of the royal family, as a descendent of Malichus I.
His full title, as given in the inscriptions, was ""Aretas, King of the Nabataeans, Friend of his People."" Being the most powerful neighbour of Judea, he frequently took part in the state affairs of that country, and was influential in shaping the destiny of its rulers. While on not particularly good terms with Rome and though it was only after great hesitation that Augustus recognized him as king, nevertheless he took part in the expedition of Varus against the Jews in the year 4 BC, and placed a considerable army at the disposal of the Roman general.
Aretas had two wives. The first was Huldu to whom he was already married when he became king. Her profile was featured on Nabataean coins until AD 16. After a gap of a few years the face of his second wife, Shaqilath, began appearing on the coins.
Defeat of Herod Antipas.
His daughter Phasaelis married Herod Antipas, otherwise known as Herod the Tetrarch. When Phasaelis discovered Herod intended to divorce her in order to take his brother's wife Herodias, mother of Salome, in AD 26, she fled to her father. Aretas IV invaded Herod's holdings, defeated his army, partly because soldiers from Philip's tetrarchy changed sides.
Josephus, the source for these events, says that some Jews attributed the defeat of Herod Antipas, which occurred during the winter of AD 26/27, to the beheading of John the Baptist.
Herod Antipas then appealed to Emperor Tiberius, who dispatched Vitellius the governor of Syria to attack Aretas. Vitellius mustered his legions and moved southward, stopping in Jerusalem for the passover of AD 37, when news of the emperor's death arrived and the invasion of Nabataea was never completed.
The Christian Apostle, Paul, mentions that he had to sneak out of Damascus in a basket through a window in the wall to escape the ethnarch of King Aretas. (2 Corinthians 11:32, 33, cf Acts 9:23, 24).
Aretas IV died in AD 40 and was succeeded by his son Malichus II.

</doc>
<doc id="2867659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867659" title="St Helena Secondary College">
St Helena Secondary College

__FORCETOC__
St Helena Secondary College is a co-educational state secondary school in Eltham North, Victoria, Australia. Found within the City of Banyule, the school has had a high enrolment interest for a number of years, due to the recent baby boom in the area. St Helena also has a wide variety of extra-curricular activities, including an extensive music program, musicals and numerous sporting opportunities. 
Mini Schools.
The school is divided into three separate 'mini schools', each catering for the needs of the students at the different stages of their development. Each mini school also has a their own Principal. These 'Mini School Principals' work almost entirely with their own mini school, whilst also being involved in school wide positions and tasks. The principals are as follows: Junior School; Mr John Ballagh, Middle School; Ms Jenny Heathcote and Senior School; Mr Anesti Anestis.
VCE Statistics.
In 2006, the number of students enrolled in at least one VCE program increased to 299, with 225 enrolled in a VET certificate. 99% of students successfully obtained their VCE (Victorian Certificate of Education), with 95% of VET units of competence
completed. The median study score dropped from 30.3 in 2005 to 29 in 2006, and 5% of students achieved Study Scores of above 40 (putting them in the top 8% of the state)
Performance.
Rock Eisteddfod
The college is actively involved in the Rock Eisteddfod annual competition. The performances, although limited to eight minutes, enable over 100 students each year to work together to create and perform a dance routine which focuses on positive lifestyles.
Drama
In 2004 the first College Production was staged. The play “I’m on TV” allowed students, with the aid of director Emma Oliver, to build on and act out a story. The project was considered a success and therefore, has been added to the colleges list of annual events. This will provide another option to students interested in drama and performance.
A list of the college plays are as follows:
Instrumental Music
All of St Helena's students are encouraged to learn a musical instrument. There are currently four concert bands, with brass, woodwind and percussion instruments, three jazz bands, as well as many smaller ensembles.
Each year, the Senior Concert band and the Senior Jazz band travel interstate to compete in band competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2867660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867660" title="Dan Kreider">
Dan Kreider

Dan Kreider (born March 11, 1977) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2000. He played college football at New Hampshire. 
Kreider earned a Super Bowl ring with the Steelers in Super Bowl XL. He has also played for the St. Louis Rams and Arizona Cardinals.
College career.
Kreider earned state Section II Best Player honors as a senior at Manheim, Pennsylvania's Manheim Central High School. He attended the University of New Hampshire and was an A student and letterman in football. In football, he was a three-year starter at fullback, and as a senior, he posted 92 rushing attempts for 518 yards (5.6 yards per rushing attempt avg.), and 25 receptions for 275 yards (11.00 yards per reception avg.) and a touchdown. He majored in business administration.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Kreider entered the league when the Steelers signed him following the 2000 NFL Draft in which he was not selected. After playing on the team's practice squad, he was signed to the active roster on October 17, 2000, to replace Jon Witman, who had been injured. He remained on the active roster for the remainder of the season and was named the Steelers' Rookie of the Year, playing better than draftees Plaxico Burress and Marvel Smith. Started at FB in Super Bowl XL vs Seattle, threw a key block on QB Ben Roethlisberger's one-yard touchdown run in the second quarter to give the Steelers a 7-3 lead.
It was announced on September 7, 2007 there may be some games during the 2007 season that Kreider may not even dress. It was also announced at the same time that he would not be the starting fullback, but rather Carey Davis would assume that role for at least the first game. After tearing his ACL during the Miami Dolphins game, he was placed on season-ending injured reserve on November 29.
St. Louis Rams.
On July 22, 2008 Kreider was signed by the St. Louis Rams but later released on November 23, 2008 . Kreider was the Rams' No. 1 fullback and played in all 11 games this season. He had one carry for no yards. Kreider wore number 36 for the Rams, the same number worn by the man Kreider once blocked for in Pittsburgh, Jerome Bettis. Bettis played his first three years with the Rams before being traded to the Steelers. Kreider had previously worn number 35.
Arizona Cardinals.
Kreider signed a one-year contract with the Arizona Cardinals on April 2, 2009. The move reunited him with Cardinals head coach Ken Whisenhunt, who had previously been an assistant coach for the Steelers during Kreider's time in Pittsburgh.
Personal.
Kreider is married to Karen with two sons, McCabe and Kellen, and one daughter, Vienne.

</doc>
<doc id="2867661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867661" title="Holiday Foreplay">
Holiday Foreplay

Holiday Foreplay is a promo EP by hard rock band L.A. Guns. It was released in 1991 on Polydor.

</doc>
<doc id="2867669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867669" title="Scientific Audio Electronics">
Scientific Audio Electronics

Scientific Audio Electronics (SAE) was an audio electronics maker founded in 1968 by Morris Kessler, along with Ted and Beth Winchester. For several years the only product was a power amplifier called the Mark II, a product which satisfied Winchester's "Screwdriver Test" requirement that a power amp be able to withstand a sudden direct short while operating at full power at any frequency within the audio bandwidth.
Within a year after the start of the company, export was accomplished by a combination export firm operating as “SAE International.” Export sales amounted to more than 50% of SAE's total production. The export manager was Charles Gassett, who was also a principal in Soundcraftsmen.
Other early audio pioneers at SAE were Ed Miller, previously at Sherwood in Chicago and James Bongiorno, who went on to found GAS (Great American Sound) and Sumo. In 1985, SAE was sold to DAK Industries, but folded in 1992 when the parent company went into bankruptcy. SAE was based in Los Angeles, California and enjoyed a large following of audiophiles.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="2867673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867673" title="I Wanna Be Your Man (EP)">
I Wanna Be Your Man (EP)

I Wanna Be Your Man is an EP by L.A. Guns containing remix and live versions of songs from their previous full-length album "Cocked & Loaded"

</doc>
<doc id="2867676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867676" title="Tucker B's">
Tucker B's

Tucker B's are an Australian band originally from Perth but have been based in Sydney since 2005.
History.
The Tucker B’s were formed at the end of 1994 by Matt Rudas and Andrew Houston, performing their first gig together at the Harbourside in Fremantle. In 1995, with the addition of Sean Pezzali, they released a tape called "Pipo Karna Eh". "Arm A Drunk" was released in 1997; shortly afterwards, drummer Sean Pezzali left to work in Australia's north.
In 2003, with the addition of Darren Nuttall and Tim Day, the Tucker B's released "Bish Bosh II: The Bosh Bosh" through Quietly Suburban Records. The band toured the album extensively throughout Australia. This schedule took its toll, with Tim Day leaving the band, to be replaced by Matthew Maguire from Adam Said Galore. 
In 2005 the band moved to Sydney and released their fourth studio album, "Chubby", which spawned a hit single with "The Turning" on high rotation on Triple J and "Bullets" not far behind. In 2007, Matt Blackman (Purplene, Charge Group, Palace of Fire) took up the role of drummer for the band (the eighth drummer the band has had).
In 2009 they released their latest album, "Nightmares in the Key of (((((Wow)))))", which was produced by Burke Reid (The Mess Hall, The Drones) and features contributions from Chris Ross (Wolfmother, Palace of Fire).
Touring.
The Tucker B's have played many shows in Perth supporting artists including Bluetile Lounge, Molasses, O!, Squadcar 9x, Adam Said Galore, Jon Spencer and his Blues Explosion, Trans Am, and in the Eastern States supporting Peabody, Art of Fighting, Dappled Cities Fly, and the Mountain Goats and Wolfmother amongst others.
The Tucker B’s have also played at the South By Southwest Festival in Austin, Texas, complete with an extensive tour of the United States. This was followed in 2006 by a national tour supporting Wolfmother.
In 2007 The Tucker B's performed at the Sydney leg of the Big Day Out and at Homebake.

</doc>
<doc id="2867683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867683" title="Onkaparinga River">
Onkaparinga River

The Onkaparinga River runs from its source between Mount Torrens and Charleston in the Mount Lofty Ranges, and flows south westerly to an estuary at Port Noarlunga. The catchment is over 500 km² in area, and is in part located in the Onkaparinga River National Park and the Onkaparinga River Recreation Park.
The Onkaparinga River is the second major river of the Adelaide region, after the River Torrens. The name derives from the Indigenous Kaurna name Ngangiparri which translates as "The Women's River". 
In 1837 Surveyor General Col William Light named it Field's River, or the Field River, after Lieut William George Field RN (1804-1850) of the brig "Rapid", who carried out the first surveys in the vicinity of its estuary, but subsequent Governor George Gawler soon reinstated the Indigenous name. The first Europeans to explore its sources and the Onkaparinga Valley were the party of Dr. George Imlay and John Hill in January 1838.
It is a source of fresh water for the city of Adelaide. Mount Bold Reservoir was constructed between 1932 and 1938 along a section of its path approximately 20km inland. Much of its flow is diverted via a tunnel from the Clarendon Weir to the Happy Valley Reservoir, that in turn supplies some 40 per cent of Adelaide's water supply. Most years the flow to the reservoir is supplemented by water pumped from the River Murray via a pipeline from Murray Bridge.
Downstream from Mount Bold Reservoir is the Clarendon Weir. To maintain levels at Clarendon Weir, water is released only as required. The Onkaparinga Gorge extends from Clarendon to Old Noarlunga. An estuary extends from Old Noarlunga to the river's mouth at Port Noarlunga. The estuary is a significant breeding area for local marine fish species.
The Coast to Vines rail trail crosses over the river just west of where Main South Road crosses over. The Seaford railway line passes over the park on a elevated bridge (known as the Onkaparinga Valley Bridge) which was built between 2011 and 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2867695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867695" title="Clark Haggans">
Clark Haggans

Clark Cromwell Haggans (born January 10, 1977) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the fifth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado State.
Haggans earned a Super Bowl ring with the Steelers in Super Bowl XL.
College career.
Haggans played defensive end at Colorado State University. He was a productive pass rusher at Colorado State, where he walked on as a freshman, eventually earning a scholarship. He was a teammate of former Steelers teammate Joey Porter and former Cincinnati Bengals Linebacker Adrian Ross. Haggans holds the Colorado State all-time sack record to this day, with 33 sacks recorded.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Steelers drafted Haggans out of the fifth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He became a regular starter at left outside linebacker in 2004 when the team released long-time starter Jason Gildon.
Haggans recorded six quarterback sacks in 2004, and had nine sacks during the 2005 regular season. Haggans was second on the Steelers defense in tackles for Super Bowl XL, and also recorded a sack, helping the Steelers defeat the Seattle Seahawks. In 2008, Haggans became an unrestricted free agent.
Arizona Cardinals.
On March 26, 2008, Haggans agreed to a one-year contract with the Arizona Cardinals. He was placed on injured reserve with a foot injury on December 19, ending his season.
An unrestricted free agent in the 2009 offseason, Haggans was re-signed to a three-year contract by the Cardinals on March 17.
In 2009 he would go on to register 74 tackles, 5 sacks, and 2 forced fumbles in 16 games played. In 2010 he had 47 tackles, 5 sacks, and 1 forced fumble in 13 games.
In 2011 he reunited with Ray Horton who was hired as the new Arizona Cardinals defensive coordinator to implement the Pittsburgh Steelers style defense at Arizona.
He resigned with the Cardinals on June 5th 2012, on a one-year deal.
San Francisco 49ers.
On September 2, 2012, Haggans agreed to a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers.
Personal.
He participated in football, basketball and track at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School in Southern California, earning three letters in each sport. During his freshman and sophomore years, Haggans was on football teams that went undefeated. In 1993 and 1994, he was named all-league as a tight end and defensive tackle, while also earning all-division honors. In 1994, Haggans helped lead PVPHS' varsity team to a league title. He has a son named Damon and a daughter named Alianna. He majored in art at Colorado State.
Charity.
In 2012 Haggans became the first NFL player to support the Black Out Child Abuse Campaign. Black Out Child Abuse, Inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit foundation, with offices in Westerville, OH, was founded in 2012 and serves families and organizations across the country; bringing education, assistance and support to those in need. Haggans wears blackout paint as opposed to the stick on in support of this cause.

</doc>
<doc id="2867696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867696" title="Under Fire (Dad's Army)">
Under Fire (Dad's Army)

TV episode.
"Under Fire" is an episode in the British comedy series "Dad's Army". It was originally transmitted on Saturday 5 April 1969.
Synopsis.
The platoon arrest a suspicious gentleman whilst on fire watch, but the truth is soon revealed.
Plot.
The platoon arrest a suspect agent, who insists on being a British citizen, despite his accent, and the fact that he has a dog called Fritz. He attempts to help them put out a fire in the church hall, and is then found to be Warden Hodges' uncle. He comments that he doesn't know how Britain will win the war, and Wilson agrees.

</doc>
<doc id="2867713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867713" title="Captured Anthems for an Empty Bathtub">
Captured Anthems for an Empty Bathtub

Captured Anthems for an Empty Bathtub is an album by KC Accidental, self-published in 1998 and re-released in 2003 on Noise Factory Records.
Track listing.
All songs by Kevin Drew and Charles Spearin.

</doc>
<doc id="2867718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867718" title="Intrinsically disordered proteins">
Intrinsically disordered proteins

An intrinsically disordered protein (IDP) is a protein that lacks a fixed or ordered three-dimensional structure. IDPs cover a spectrum of states from fully unstructured to partially structured and include random coils, (pre-)molten globules, and large multi-domain proteins connected by flexible linkers.
The discovery of IDPs has challenged the traditional protein structure paradigm, that protein function depends on a fixed three-dimensional structure. This dogma has been challenged over the last decades increasing evidence from various branches of structural biology. Despite their lack of stable structure, IDPs are a very large and functionally important class of proteins. In some cases, IDPs can adopt a fixed three-dimensional structure after binding to other macromolecules.
History.
In the 1930s -1950s, the first protein structures were solved by protein crystallography. These early structures suggested that a fixed three-dimensional structure might be generally required to mediate biological functions of proteins. Already in the 1960s, Levinthal's paradox suggested that the systematic conformational search of a long polypeptide is unlikely to yield a single folded protein structure on biologically relevant timescales (i.e. seconds to minutes). Curiously, for many (small) proteins or protein domains, relatively rapid and efficient refolding can be observed in vitro. As stated in Anfinsen's Dogma (1973), the fixed 3D structure of these proteins is uniquely encoded in its primary structure (=amino acid sequence), is kinetically accessible and stable under a range of (near)physiological conditions and can therefore be considered as the native state of such "ordered" proteins.
During the subsequent decades, however, many large protein regions could not be assigned in x-ray datasets, indicating that they occupy multiple positions which average out in electron density maps. The lack of a fixed, unique positions relative to the crystal lattice suggested that these regions were "disordered". Additional techniques for determining protein structures, such as NMR, demonstrated the presence of large flexible linkers and termini in many solved structural ensembles. It is now generally accepted that proteins exist as an ensemble of similar structures with some regions more constrained than others. Intrinsically Unstructured Proteins (IUPs) occupy the extreme end of this spectrum of flexibility, whereas IDPs also include proteins of considerable local structure tendency or flexible multidomain assemblies.
These disordered regions have subsequently been shown to have important functions both "in vitro" and "in vivo". In the 2000s, bioinformatic predictions of intrinsic disorder in proteins indicated that intrinsic disorder is more common in sequenced/predicted proteomes than in known structures in the protein database. In the 2010s it became clear that IDPs are highly abundant among disease-related proteins.
Biological roles of intrinsic disorder.
Many disordered proteins have the binding affinity with their receptors regulated by post-translational modification, thus it has been proposed that the flexibility of disordered proteins facilitates the different conformational requirements for binding the modifying enzymes as well as their receptors. Intrinsic disorder is particularly enriched in proteins implicated in cell signaling, transcription and chromatin remodeling functions.
Flexible linkers.
Disordered regions are often found as flexible linkers (or loops) connecting two globular or transmembrane domains. Linker sequences vary greatly in length and amino acid sequence, but are similar in amino acid composition (rich in polar uncharged amino acids). Flexible linkers allow the connecting domains to freely twist and rotate through space to recruit their binding partners or for those binding partners to induce larger scale interdomain conformation changes.
Coupled folding and binding.
Many unstructured proteins undergo transitions to more ordered states upon binding to their targets. The coupled folding and binding may be local, involving only a few interacting residues, or it might involve an entire protein domain. It was recently shown that the coupled folding and binding allows the burial of a large surface area that would be possible only for fully structured proteins if they were much larger. Moreover, certain disordered regions might serve as "molecular switches" in regulating certain biological function by switching to ordered conformation upon molecular recognition like small molecule-binding, DNA/RNA binding, ion interactions etc.
The ability of disordered proteins to bind, and thus to exert a function, shows that stability is not a required condition. Many short functional sites, for example Short Linear Motifs are over-represented in disordered proteins.
Disorder in the bound state (Fuzzy complexes).
Intrinsically disordered proteins can retain their conformational freedom even when they bind specifically to other proteins. The structural disorder in bound state can be static or dynamic. In fuzzy complexes structural multiplicity is required for function and the manipulation of the bound disordered region changes activity. The conformational ensemble of the complex is modulated via post-translational modifications or protein interactions. Specificity of DNA binding proteins often depends on the length of fuzzy regions, which is varied by alternative splicing.
Disorder identification and analysis.
Disorder prediction software.
Disorder prediction algorithms can predict Intrinsic Disorder (ID) propensity with high accuracy (approaching around 80%) based on primary sequence composition, similarity to unassigned segments in protein x-ray datasets, flexible regions in NMR studies and physico-chemical properties of amino acids.
Intrinsically unstructured proteins are characterized by a low content of bulky hydrophobic amino acids and a high proportion of polar and charged amino acids. Thus disordered sequences cannot bury sufficient hydrophobic core to fold like stable globular proteins. In some cases, hydrophobic clusters in disordered sequences provide the clues for identifying the regions that undergo coupled folding and binding. Such signatures are the basis of the prediction methods below.
Many disordered proteins also reveal low complexity sequences, i.e. sequences with over-representation of a few residues. While low complexity sequences are a strong indication of disorder, the reverse is not necessarily true, that is, not all disordered proteins have low complexity sequences. Disordered proteins have a low content of predicted secondary structure.
There are many computational methods that exploit sequence information to predict whether a protein is disordered. Notable examples of such software include IUPRED, TISS and Disopred. Different software may use different definitions of disorder. Since the methods above use different definitions of disorder and they were trained on different datasets, it is difficult to estimate their relative accuracy. Disorder prediction category is a part of biannual CASP experiment that is designed to test methods according accuracy in finding regions with missing 3D structure (marked in PDB files as REMARK465). Various protocols and methodologies of analysis of IDP's such as studies based on quantitative analysis of GC content in genes and their respective chromosomal bands to understand functionally Intrinsically disordered protein segments.
Experimental validation.
Intrinsically unfolded proteins, once purified, can be identified by various experimental methods. The primary method to obtain information on disordered regions of a protein is NMR spectroscopy. The lack of electron density in X-ray crystallographic studies may also be a sign of disorder.
Folded proteins have a high density (partial specific volume of 0.72-0.74 mL/g) and commensurately small radius of gyration. Hence, unfolded proteins can be detected by methods that are sensitive to molecular size, density or hydrodynamic drag, such as size exclusion chromatography, analytical ultracentrifugation, Small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), and measurements of the diffusion constant. Unfolded proteins are also characterized by their lack of secondary structure, as assessed by far-UV (170-250 nm) circular dichroism (esp. a pronounced minimum at ~200 nm) or infrared spectroscopy. Unfolded proteins also have exposed backbone peptide groups exposed to solvent, so that they are readily cleaved by proteases, undergo rapid hydrogen-deuterium exchange and exhibit a small dispersion (<1 ppm) in their 1H amide chemical shifts as measured by NMR. (Folded proteins typically show dispersions as large as 5 ppm for the amide protons.) 
Recently, new methods including Fast parallel proteolysis (FASTpp) have been introduced, which allow to determine the fraction folded/disordered without the need for purification.
Bulk methods to study IDP structure and dynamics include SAXS for ensemble shape information, NMR for atomistic ensemble refinement, Fluorescence for visualising molecular interactions and conformational transitions, x-ray crystallography to highlight more mobile regions in otherwise rigid protein crystals, cryo-EM to reveal less fixed parts of proteins, light scattering to monitor size distributions of IDPs or their aggregation kinetics, Circular Dichroism to monitor secondary structure of IDPs.
Single-molecule methods to study IDPs include spFRET to study conformational flexibilty of IDPs and the kinetics of structural transitions, optical tweezers for high-resolution insights into the ensembles of IDPs and their oligomers or aggregates, nanopores to reveal global shape distributions of IDPs, magnetic tweezers to study structural transitions for long times at low forces, high-speed AFM to visualise the spatio-temporal flexibility of IDPs directly.
Disorder and disease.
Intrinsically unstructured proteins have been implicated in a number of diseases. Aggregation of misfolded proteins is the cause of many synucleinopathies. The aggregation of the intrinsically unstructured protein α-Synuclein is thought to be responsible. The structural flexibility of this protein together with its susceptibility to modification in the cell leads to misfolding and aggregation. Genetics, oxidative and nitrative stress as well as mitochondrial impairment impact the structural flexibility of the unstructured α-Synuclein protein and associated disease mechanisms. Many key oncogenes have large intrinsically unstructured regions, for example p53 and BRCA1. These regions of the proteins are responsible for mediating many of their interactions.
Computer Simulations.
Structural and dynamical properties of intrinsically unstructured proteins are being studied by molecular dynamics simulations. Findings from these simulations suggest a highly flexible conformational ensemble of intrinsically disordered proteins at different temperatures which is 
related to the presence of low free energy barriers.
Effects of confinement have been also recently addressed. These studies suggest that confinement tends to increase the population of turn structures with respect to the population of coils and β-hairpins for instance.

</doc>
<doc id="2867721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867721" title="Bitburg Airport">
Bitburg Airport

Bitburg Airport () is a commercial airport serving Bitburg, a city in the Rhineland-Palatinate state of Germany. It is located 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Bitburg, 20 miles (32 km) north of Trier, and 135 miles (217 km) west of Wiesbaden.
History.
Prior to its current civilian usage, Bitburg Air Base (1952–1994) was a front-line NATO base during the Cold War. It was the home of the United States Air Force's 36th Fighter Wing for over 40 years as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe. With the end of the Cold War it was no longer needed as a military base and it was turned over to the German government on 1 October 1994. 
Between June and September 1997 it was necessary to repair the Spangdahlem Air Base runway, called for a temporary location to accommodate the 52d Fighter Wing's three squadrons of F-15s and F-16s. Bitburg Airport was the most logical place—only 10 miles (16 km) down the road.
The USAF departed for the second time in September 1997, and Bitburg Airport was returned to the civil aircraft which now call it home.
On September 15, 2008, the Ministry of Transport of Rhineland-Palatinate granted the airport contractor landing rights for aircraft with a maximum takeoff weight of more than 14 tonnes, and the use of IFR traffic rules upon arrival and departure. The airport contracting company is currently evaluating plans to develop the airport into a regional freight airport.
Airlines and destinations.
There are no scheduled services to and from Bitburg Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="2867724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867724" title="Sexed Up">
Sexed Up

"Sexed Up" is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams, released as the fourth and last single from his album "Escapology" in late 2003. It was originally recorded for "Natalie Imbruglia" who turned it down and was later released in 1998 in demo form as the B-side to his single "No Regrets".
Chart success.
The single became another top ten for Williams in the United Kingdom when it was released in November that year, and the song managed to break into the top ten in a few other European countries, including Hungary and Denmark. The song had massive success in Brazil, topping the charts for three weeks. During this period the song was the love theme of two popular characters in the soap opera Mulheres Apaixonadas.
The single received a special limited release in Australia and New Zealand featuring a bonus live track, special packing and a bonus fold-out poster.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund and features the actress Jaime King.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Sexed Up".
UK CD (Released 24 November 2003)
UK DVD (Released 24 November 2003)
Australian CD (Released 1 December 2003)

</doc>
<doc id="2867725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867725" title="The Disintegration Machine">
The Disintegration Machine

The Disintegration Machine is a very short story written by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in "Strand Magazine" in January 1929. The story centers around the discovery of a machine capable of disintegrating objects and reforming them as they were. This short story is a part of the "Challenger series", a collection of stories about the wealthy eccentric adventurer Professor Challenger.
Plot summary.
Professor Challenger is arguing with people who are persistently calling him on the telephone when his young friend Malone, a reporter for the "Gazette", enters and requests Challenger accompany him to inspect the discovery of Theodore Nemor, who claims to have invented a machine capable of disintegrating objects. Skeptical of the invention, Challenger accepts Malone's proposal and accompanies him to the house of Nemor. 
At first Nemor offers to disintegrate Challenger and put him back together to demonstrate the machine, but Malone convinces Challenger that should the machine fail to restore him, his scientific work would go unfinished, and thus Malone nominates himself to be disintegrated. 
Malone is successfully disintegrated and put back together and Challenger then undergoes the same treatment. As punishment for Challenger's lack of faith in the invention and lack of courtesy to Nemor, the inventor restores the professor without any hair. In a fury, Challenger assaults Nemor, throwing him to the floor and threaten his life should he not restore the professor to his previous state. Nemor restores Challenger's hair and Challenger congratulates him on his machine and inquires as to its practical application. Nemor boasts that in the hands of the Russians, who were the highest bidder for the rights to the invention, London and its millions of inhabitants could be destroyed. After ascertaining whether any others know the secret of the machine, Challenger inspects it. Challenger claims that a small amount of electricity is leaking from the chair on which he sat when he was disintegrated! Nemor refutes this and sits himself in the chair in an attempt to feel this electricity. Challenger then disintegrates him and, considering it is for the greater good, he and Malone leave without restoring Nemor.

</doc>
<doc id="2867726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867726" title="Skin &amp; Bone (album)">
Skin &amp; Bone (album)

Skin & Bone is the eleventh album by The Angels, released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2867734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867734" title="Plea for Peace Foundation">
Plea for Peace Foundation

The Plea for Peace Foundation was founded in 1999 by musician and founder of Asian Man Records, Mike Park. The Plea for Peace Foundations is a 501C3 Non-Profit Organisation based in San Jose, California, in the United States. The organisation's stated goal is to "promote the ideas of peace through the power of music". Initially the foundation was only active in national and global music tours, but in 2007 it intends to open a youth center for children where they will be encouraged to "perform music, create art, dance and talk to others of similar interests".
In 2004, Plea for Peace organized a musical tour of the same name. The tour was a stand against President George W. Bush and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="2867736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867736" title="Iluminado Lucente">
Iluminado Lucente

Iluminado Lucente (May 14, 1883 - February 14, 1960) was a Philippine writer, primarily writing poetry and drama in the Waray language. He is considered by many as the greatest writer in the Waray language.
Lucente was a member of the "Sanghiran san Binisaya ha Samar ug Leyte" (Academy of the Visayan Language of Samar and Leyte). His most famous work is the poem "An Iroy nga Tuna" (The Motherland).

</doc>
<doc id="2867737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867737" title="Richard Brodeur">
Richard Brodeur

Richard "King Richard", "Kermit" Brodeur (born September 15, 1952), is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
Playing career.
Originally selected in the 1972 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Islanders, Brodeur chose to begin his professional career in the World Hockey Association with the Quebec Nordiques. For seven seasons, he played with the Nordiques, with the 1975–76 season being his best playing 69 games and winning 44. During the 1976–77 season, his goaltending helped guide the Nordiques to the Avco World Trophy.
When the WHA folded following the 1978–79 season, the Islanders reclaimed his rights. However, he only played two games for them as he was the third goalie behind Billy Smith and Chico Resch, and was traded to the Vancouver Canucks prior to the 1980–81 NHL season. In his second season with the Canucks, he guided the team during their improbable playoff run to the finals, eventually losing to Brodeur's old team, the Islanders. Following the Canucks' 6-5 overtime loss in Game 1, Brodeur swatted with his catching mitt at a cameraman who was stationed along the runway between the bench and the dressing room.
Brodeur was selected to play in the 1983 All-Star Game, but couldn't play due to an ear injury suffered in Toronto three days before the game. He remained with the Canucks for almost eight seasons until he was traded near the end of the 1987–88 NHL season to Hartford, where he ended his NHL career.
After his retirement, he founded his own hockey school in the Vancouver area. He also briefly worked as an analyst on Quebec Nordiques French TV telecasts.
He is also remembered for being the goaltender that Wayne Gretzky scored the most on, 29 times in the NHL.
Personal life.
Richard is an artist, using oil on canvas, and has had several shows at Diskin Galleries in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="2867743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867743" title="Howling (The Angels album)">
Howling (The Angels album)

Howling is the eighth album by Australian hard rock band The Angels, released in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="2867744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867744" title="Ground rules">
Ground rules

In baseball, ground rules are special rules particular to each baseball park (grounds) in which the game is played. Unlike the well-defined playing field of most other sports, the playing area of a baseball field extends to an outfield fence in fair territory and the stadium seating in foul territory. The unique design of each ballpark, including fences, dugouts, bullpens, railings, stadium domes, photographer's wells and TV camera booths, requires that rules be defined to handle situations in which these objects may interact or interfere with the ball in play or with the players.
Major League Baseball has defined a set of "universal ground rules" that apply to all MLB ballparks; individual ballparks have the latitude to set ground rules above and beyond the universal ground rules, as long as they do not directly contradict each other. Additionally, a set of universal ground rules exists for the six MLB stadiums with retractable roofs, with the individual ballparks able to set additional rules. 
The term ground rule double is often applied to a batted ball that bounces over the outfield fence in fair territory, although some commentators and writers shun the term because league-wide rules, not ground rules, apply in this case.
MLB ground rules.
Individual ballpark ground rules.
Individual ballpark ground rules vary greatly from ballpark to ballpark. For the 2008 season, Kauffman Stadium, Yankee Stadium, and U.S. Cellular Field are the only MLB ballparks that do not have individual ground rules above the universal set. 
Examples of ground rules of major league ballparks include:
Movement of retractable roofs.
These ground rules only apply at ballparks featuring retractable roofs. As of the 2012 season, these are: Rogers Centre, Chase Field, Safeco Field, Miller Park, Minute Maid Park, and Marlins Park. Rules governing batted balls striking the roof are defined in each individual ballpark's ground rules.
Ballpark-specific.
All ballpark-specific retractable roof ground rules concern opening of the roof after a game has started.
If the game starts with the roof closed:
If the game starts with the roof open and it is closed during the game:

</doc>
<doc id="2867750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867750" title="Mahatma Gandhi University">
Mahatma Gandhi University

Mahatma Gandhi University, also known as M G University, was established on 2 October 1983 in Kottayam. Mahatma Gandhi University (formerly Gandhiji University), has been accredited (B+) by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council, India. The university has 223 affiliated colleges spread over five districts in central Kerala.
The University Grants Commission of India does not believe that the names of Indian universities should be unique, so another UGC-recognized government-run Mahatma Gandhi University was established in 2007 in Andhra Pradesh and was not challenged by the older Mahatma Gandhi University. Similarly another university named Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU-Meghalaya) was also established through Meghalaya State legislative Act, 2010 in Meghalaya and through Uttarakhand State legislative act, 2007 in Uttarakhand.
Academics.
University offers academic programmes in the fields of Gandhian Thought, International Relations and Politics, Technology, Physics, Nano Science, Disability Studies and Rehabilitation Sciences, Special Education and Rehabilitation Sciences, Rehabilitation Psychology, Behavioural Medicine and Rehabilitation, Rehabilitation Nursing, Tourism, Journalism, Chemical Sciences including Polymer Chemistry, Nursing, Hospital Administration, Environmental Sciences and Disaster Management among others.
Administration.
Dr. A V George is the Vice Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University.The Pro Vice Chancellor is Dr.Sheena Shukkur (Former faculty member of the National Judicial Academy, Bhopal). Prof. M.R. Unni is the registrar. Dr. Thomas John Mampra holds the charge of Controller of Examinations. Abraham J.Puthumana acts as the Finance Officer. Prof. P.P. Ravindran holds the charge of DCDC and G. Sreekumar is the Public Relations Officer of the University and also holds the charge of Press Secretary to Vice Chancellor.
The university is funded by the University Grants Commission and Government of Kerala. It is a member of the AIU and the ACU. Association of Commonwealth Universities represents over 480 universities from Commonwealth countries.
Location.
The University campus is in the Priyadarsini Hills, 13 kilometers from Kottayam Railway Station and 4 kilometers from Ettumanoor. To reach the campus one should take deviation from M.C. Road at Ettumanoor or Gandhi Nagar. The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport situated at Nedumbassery, Cochin which is about 80 km away. Private buses to Ernakulam starting from the Nagampadom bus stand at the northern end of the railway platform at Kottayam stop at the university. The travel time is around 40 minutes, and the ticket costs Rs.10.00. Autorickshas ply the distance for about Rs.200.
Mahatma Gandhi University has made its presence outside its territorial jurisdiction through the 72 off campus centres — 55 centres within Kerala, 9 outside Kerala and at 8 global locations.
Centre for Advanced Research in Library and Information Sciences (CARLIS).
CARLIS was established in 2010 for interdisciplinary research in areas that constitute the discipline. Instead of dealing with traditional methods and automation of the existing systems and procedures most of which have become irrelevant in the context of explosive changes introduced by ICT as done by most of the library science schools in India CARLIS is intended to concentrate on technologies that can transfer existing knowledge from traditional media to future proof digital media for the networked society, as well as extension of access to it in an equitable way which has become essential to keep research in the field technologically viable and relevant to society. CARLIS covers two main areas; Library Science and Information Science along with their applications using technologies developed in allied areas. CARLIS started Offering PhD programmes in 2010 and the areas of research are content management, digital archiving, multimedia resources, information administration, information economics, information infrastructures, IPR issues, knowledge warehousing, language technologies, Open Access protocols, resource sharing networks etc. As per its approved plan it is envisaged as a national centre and will have initially an Advisory Council with experts from India and abroad, an Honorary Director, experts from different areas in knowledge management as faculty. The research by the team associated to CARLIS has developed the Digital Library package with search mechanisms for Indian scripts used in Gandhi University On line Theses Library the first official Open Access Archive of PhD theses from Indian universities.
Student life.
The university enrolls 1,500,000 students on an average every year around the world to 210 courses in graduate, post graduate and M.Phil/Ph.D. programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="2867769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867769" title="Roland Liboton">
Roland Liboton

Roland Liboton (born 6 March 1957 in Leuven) is a former cyclo-cross racer from Belgium. Liboton won the World Cyclo-cross Championships in 1980, 1982, 1983, and 1984, was Cyclo-cross Champion of Belgium for ten successive years from 1980 to 1989 and won the Super Prestige in 1985, 1986 and 1988. He retired from professional competition in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2867772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867772" title="Unfabulous and More">
Unfabulous and More

Unfabulous and More is the debut studio album by Emma Roberts and is the soundtrack for the TV series "Unfabulous". Released on September 27, 2005.
The album contains songs from the show's first season, as well as several new songs. The tracks "I Wanna Be" and "Dummy" were both released as singles. The song "Mexican Wrestler", which was sung by Emma in the episode "The 66th Day", was originally on Jill Sobule's 2000 album "Pink Pearl".
This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.

</doc>
<doc id="2867775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867775" title="Left Hand Drive (album)">
Left Hand Drive (album)

Left Hand Drive is a 2000 album by Australian hard rock album The Angels.
Track listing.
Liberation release http://www.liberation.com.au/artists/release/Left_Hand_Drive

</doc>
<doc id="2867780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867780" title="Something Beautiful">
Something Beautiful

"Something Beautiful" is a song written by Guy Chambers and Robbie Williams. Originally offered to Welsh singer Tom Jones, it was released as the third single from William's album "Escapology" in 2003.
Music video.
The cliffhanger video of the song is influenced by reality shows like "Pop Idol", and is one of the few which has two different endings. An interactive version of the video was created to run on Sky Digital by weapon7 where viewers could vote through the red button and discover the backstory of the participants. A spokesman for Williams told the "Daily Mirror", "We wanted to find someone with the 'essence' of Robbie to perform the new track in the video – it could be a woman."
At the start of the video, fans from all over Europe try to impress judges during the audition stage of fictional reality show "Manufactured Miracles"; one of the members of the selection panel is Williams' father real-life father Pete Conway. Several contestants are put through to the next round, but only three emerge finalists: actor/singer Peter Caruana from Manchester, and students Rebecca Durrant and Bjorn Wenner from Essex and Hamburg respectively. They are groomed to be pop stars by learning from a choreographer and singing coach how to dance and sing like Williams and given makeovers by stylists, while experiencing the celebrity status lifestyle, with an interview at Capital FM and staying in a luxury hotel room, before competing in the live shows with each finalist representing a different stage in Williams' career.
Two versions of the video were filmed. In the first, viewers are asked to vote at Williams' website for who they thought was the best performer. The second version of the video ends with the winner receiving a trophy before meeting Williams who sits at a bus stop reading a newspaper with the headline "Robbie For a Week: Back to Reality for Final Three"—a reference to how several reality stars have been abandoned by their once-loyal fans and management following their brief success. The "Manufactured Miracles" winner varies from country to country—in the United Kingdom, Peter was revealed to be the champion—and at the filming none of them knew that they would be meeting Williams at the bus stop, so their surprise is genuine.
Rebecca Durrant, who later became a police officer, told the "Sunday Mirror" that the experience put her off becoming famous, stating "After I filmed the video I realised I didn't want to face the pressure, the secrecy, the non-stop filming and constant hair and make-up touchups... the closest I get to singing now is karaoke in my local pub." Similarly, in an interview with the "Salford Advertiser", Peter Caruana stated, "I decided it was time to give Robbie a rest – he's been good to me, but enough is enough. In a way I think it has held me back and I really want to get back to treading the boards, because that's what I trained for." He has since featured in commercials for Chicago Town Pizza as a Simon Cowell lookalike.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Something Beautiful".
UK CD<br>
UK DVD<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2867781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867781" title="Lac-Beauport, Quebec">
Lac-Beauport, Quebec

Lac-Beauport is a little town in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec, Canada, located on the eponymous Lake Beauport. It has a population of about 6010 people, and lies about 25 kilometers north from downtown Quebec City.
Lac-Beauport is the home of Le Relais ski center.
History.
Around 1820, a small cluster of homes was built on the present site of the municipality, named Waterloo Settlement by the English immigrants after the Anglo-Prussian victory at Waterloo. In 1845, the Municipality of St-Dunstan was formed, named after the local parish of Saint-Dunstan-du-Lac-Beauport. It was abolished in 1847, but reestablished as the Parish Municipality of Saint-Dunstan-du-Lac-Beauport in 1855. In common use, it was only known as Lac-Beauport, prompting the town council to officially change the name in 1989.
Demographics.
Population.
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 2619 (total dwellings: 2815)
Language.
Mother tongue:
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2867793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867793" title="Eureka (1983 film)">
Eureka (1983 film)

Eureka is a 1983 film, directed by Nicolas Roeg. It is the story of a Klondike prospector, Jack McCann (played by Gene Hackman) who strikes it rich, yet ends up fearing that his daughter Tracy (Theresa Russell) and his son-in-law (Rutger Hauer) are scheming to take his wealth "and" his soul; moreover, greedy investors (Joe Pesci and Mickey Rourke) are also hunting McCann's fortune.
"Eureka" is loosely based on the true murder of Sir Harry Oakes in the Bahamas in 1943.
Legacy.
The film's title was used by musician Jim O'Rourke for his album "Eureka". Film critic and film maker, Mark Cousins put "Eureka" in his top ten favourite films in the Sight and Sound Greatest Films poll 2012 and has called the film a 'masterpiece'.
Danny Boyle classified this film as underrated.

</doc>
<doc id="2867796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867796" title="Live Line">
Live Line

Live Line a double live album Liveline was released in December 1987. 
Description.
The collection spanned ten years of the band's career. The majority of the album was recorded at the Bankstown RSL Club in Sydney, with some tracks taken from earlier tours featuring John Brewster. The CD version of Liveline included several songs not included on the vinyl release. A live version of "Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again" was issued as a single, as was a medley of "Love Takes Care" and "Be With You". Following the success of the album, The Angels embarked on a massive tour of Australia with a lengthy two-hour set that covered the entire history of the group. Australian hard rock band The Angels.
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Remaster.
Live Line - Definitive Digital Remaster is a remastered live album from The Angels. The first version of "Live Line" was released by Mushroom Records in 1988, with a remastered version released on 8 February 1999 by Shock Records as a double live album including bonus tracks from Rick Brewster. In 2006 Liberation Music re-released the remastered copy. 
Live Line - Definitive Digital Remaster reissue of the Australian hard rockers' 1987 live album, complete with 10 bonus tracks, 'Nothin' To Win', 'Night Comes Early', 'Into The Heat', 'Long Night', 'Easy Prey', 'Is That You', 'No Sleep In Hell', 'Talk About You', 'Gonna Leave You' and 'I Ain't The One'. Also contains the four bonus tracks from the original release, 'Small Price', 'Underground', 'Face The Day' and 'Eat City', for a totalof 14 extra cuts and a grand total of 34 tracks! Double jewel case.
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2

</doc>
<doc id="2867811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867811" title="Come Undone (Robbie Williams song)">
Come Undone (Robbie Williams song)

"Come Undone" is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams, it was released as the second single from his album "Escapology" in the spring of 2003. The song is written by Williams, Ashley Hamilton (son of George Hamilton), Boots Ottestad and Daniel Pierre.
Music video.
The music video was banned in most countries for being too sexually explicit. It features a hungover Robbie waking up in the morning after a large house party, as he walks around the house flashbacks of the events of the night before are shown. As the song reaches its climax, Williams is seen participating in three-way sex with two women (who are in fact porn stars). These shots are interspersed with graphic and unsettling images of snakes, rats and bugs, mostly crawling on beautiful women. In the final shots, the two women have become men in drag, perhaps a subtle reference to the media's infatuation with Williams' sexuality. The song also contains numerous explicit words.
Controversy.
"Come Undone" became a top ten hit around the world, but due to its controversial video, it was heavily censored by MTV Networks Europe for depicting a debauched (but fully clothed) Williams having three-way sex with two women. Though the video also showed unsettling images (cf. previous section), the uncensored version of the video was released on DVD single in Europe and was also included on the Enhanced CD single. BBC Radio 2 also banned the song for its explicit content. During such furores at this time, it was confirmed that Williams and Guy Chambers were to officially part ways.
Chart success.
The song managed to reach number-four in the United Kingdom, but it fell out of the top ten in its second week; however, controversy surrounding the music video kept the album on the charts. Worldwide, the single did not equal the success of Williams' previous single, "Feel". To date, "Come Undone" has sold 85,000 copies in the UK. In a 2008 documentary Williams went on record to say that this was inspired by an incident on set, where Gary Barlow noticed his fly had 'come undone'.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Come Undone".
UK CD<br>
UK DVD<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2867812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867812" title="Basilica of Santa Maria del Popolo">
Basilica of Santa Maria del Popolo

The Basilica of Santa Maria del Popolo is an Augustinian church in Rome, Italy. It stands on the north side of Piazza del Popolo, one of the most famous squares in the city. The church is hemmed in between Porta del Popolo (the ancient Porta Flaminia) and the Pincio hill. Porta Flaminia was one of the gates in the Aurelian Wall as well as the starting point of Via Flaminia, the most important route from the north. The church contains works by several famous artists for example Raphael, Gian Lorenzo Bernini, Caravaggio, Alessandro Algardi, Pinturicchio, Andrea Bregno, Guillaume de Marcillat and Donato Bramante.
History.
In 1099, a chapel was built by Pope Paschal II to Our Lady over the tomb of the Domitii Ahenobarbi. Tradition has it that the site was haunted by Nero's ghost or demons in the form of black crows; therefore the pope chopped down the walnut tree sheltering the crows and built a chapel in its place. The name "del Popolo" ("of the people") probably derives from its funding by the people of Rome, but some sources say it comes from the Latin word "populus", meaning poplar and referring to a tree located nearby. The chapel was enlarged and became a church by will of Pope Gregory IX in 1235, and was given to the Augustinian friars, who still oversee it, in 1250.
Santa Maria del Popolo was reconstructed by Baccio Pontelli and Andrea Bregno in 1472-1477 on the orders of Pope Sixtus IV and was given to the congregation of Lombard friars in Rome. The result of the reconstruction was an early and excellent example of Italian Renaissance architecture. In 1655-60 the façade was modified by Gian Lorenzo Bernini, who was asked by Pope Alexander VII to update the Renaissance church to a more modern Baroque style.
Interior.
Apse.
The apse was designed by Bramante. The oldest stained glass window in Rome can be found here, made by French artist Guillaume de Marcillat. Pinturicchio decorated the vault with frescoes, including the "Coronation of the Virgin". The tombs of Cardinals Ascanio Sforza and Girolamo Basso della Rovere, both made by Andrea Sansovino, can also be found in the apse.
Della Rovere Chapel.
The Della Rovere (or Nativity) Chapel is the first side chapel on the right aisle. It was built by Cardinal Domenico della Rovere from 1471 to 1484 after the reconstruction of the church by his relative, Pope Sixtus IV. The pictorial decoration is attributed to Pinturicchio and his school. The main altar-piece, "The Adoration of the Child with St Jerome" is an exquisite autograph work by Pinturicchio himself. The tomb of Cardinal Cristoforo della Rovere (died in 1487), a work by Andrea Bregno and Mino da Fiesole, was erected by his brother. On the right side the funeral monument of Giovanni de Castro (died 1506) is attributed to Francesco da Sangallo. The chapel is one of best preserved monuments of quattrocento art in Rome.
Cybo Chapel.
The Cybo Chapel was radically rebuilt by Cardinal Alderano Cybo (1613-1700) between 1682 and 1687 according to the plans of Carlo Fontana. For the beauty of its paintings, the preciousness of marble revetments covering its walls and the importance of the artists involved in its construction the chapel is regarded one of the most significant sacral monuments erected in Rome in the last quarter of the 17th century.
Basso Della Rovere Chapel.
The Basso Della Rovere Chapel was built by Girolamo Basso della Rovere in 1471-84. The architecture is similar to the Chapel of the Nativity and the painted decoration is attributed to Pinturicchio and his workshop. The highlights of the chapel are the great fresco of the "Madonna and Child Enthroned with Saints Augustine, Francis, Anthony of Padua and a Holy Monk" above the altar, the "Assumption of the Virgin Mary" on the first wall and the illusionistic monochrome decoration of the pedestal with painted benches and martyrdom scenes. The original maiolica floor tiles from Deruta also survived.
Costa Chapel.
The Costa Chapel follows the same plan as the Della Rovere chapels but it was furnished by Portuguese Cardinal Jorge da Costa who purchased it in 1488. The most important works of art are the paintings of the lunettes by the school of Pinturicchio depicting the four Fathers of the Church; the marble altar-piece by Gian Cristoforo Romano (c. 1505); and the funeral monument of Cardinal Costa by the school of Andrea Bregno. The bronze and marble funeral monument of Pietro Foscari from 1480 is preserved here.
Montemirabile Chapel.
The chapel was built by Giovanni Montemirabile in 1479 and it was transformed to the baptistery of the basilica in 1561. The most valuable works of art in the chapel are the edicules of the baptismal font and the holy oil. These marbles originate from the old main altar of the basilica by Andrea Bregno. The funeral monument of Cardinal Antoniotto Pallavicini on the left wall was also made by the Bregno workshop in 1507.
Chigi Chapel.
Banker Agostino Chigi commissioned Raphael to design and decorate a funerary chapel for him in 1513. The chapel is a treasure trove of Italian Renaissance and Baroque art and is considered among the most important monuments in the basilica. The dome of the centralized octagonal chapel is decorated with Raphael's mosaics, the Creation of the World. The statues of "Jonah" and "Elijah" were carved by Lorenzetto. The chapel was later completed by Gian Lorenzo Bernini for Fabio Chigi. His additions include the sculptures of "Habakkuk and the Angel" and "Daniel and the Lion".
Mellini Chapel.
The chapel, which was dedicated to Saint Nicholas of Tolentino, is one of the original 15th century hexagonal side chapels of the basilica but its inner decoration was changed during the later centuries. It has been the funerary chapel of the Mellini family for centuries and contains several funeral monuments among them the works of Alessandro Algardi and Pierre-Étienne Monnot. The frescos of the vault were created by Giovanni da San Giovanni in 1623-24.
Cybo-Soderini Chapel.
The chapel of the Cybo family was dedicated to the Crucifixion. There is a 15th-century wooden crucifix above the main altar which is placed in a Corinthian aedicule. The original 15th century side chapel was remodelled in the Baroque era. It was restored by Lorenzo Soderini in 1825 when a dedicatory slab was set in the pavement. The side walls are articulated by painted Corinthian pilasters and the splays of the windows are decorated with trophies. Two big frescos by a Flemish artist, Pieter van Lint depict scenes from "The Legend of the True Cross". Their stucco frames are crowned with the Soderini coat-of-arms. The frescos on the vault and the lunettes depict "Angels with the Symbols of the Passion" and "Prophets". They were painted by Lint around 1633-40. The entrance of the chapel is barred by a solid marble parapet which is decorated with vases and cornucopias.
Cerasi Chapel.
The Cerasi Chapel holds two famous canvases painted by Caravaggio - "Crucifixion of St. Peter" and "Conversion on the Way to Damascus" (1600–01). These are probably the most important works of art in the basilica. Situated between the two works of Caravaggio is the altarpiece "Assumption of the Virgin" by Annibale Carracci.
Burials.
After Bernini's intervention, the church became a favourite burial place for the rich people of the city. Some of the people buried in the church are:
Cardinal Priests.
Hyacinthe Thiandoum was the Cardinal Priest of the "Titulus S. Mariae de Populo" until his death in 2004. On 24 March 2006, Pope Benedict XVI elevated Stanisław Dziwisz to the position.

</doc>
<doc id="2867820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867820" title="Akemi Kanda">
Akemi Kanda


</doc>
<doc id="2867824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867824" title="Wilhelm Knechtel">
Wilhelm Knechtel

Wilhelm Knechtel (; August 13, 1837, Pihl–October 22, 1924, Bucharest) was an ethnic German Austrian-Romanian gardener and botanist. 
Biography.
Born in Bohemia in a village now belonging to Nový Bor, Knechtel worked in Prague, then entered into the service of Archduke Maximilian in 1860 at Miramare Castle in Trieste, Italy. When the Archduke was crowned emperor of Mexico, Wilhelm accompanied him and designed various gardens in Mexico City, including the roof garden in Chapultepec Castle.
After Maximilian's incarceration in June 1867, he briefly served in Lacroma (a small island in the Adriatic Sea), before going into the service of "Domnitor", later King Carol I of Romania, as Director of Gardens and Professor of Botany at the Bucharest School of Agriculture. He was knighted "Cavaler al Ordinului Coroanei României" (Knight of the Order of the Romanian Crown) by Carol I of Romania on January 17, 1883.
Besides his botanical work, Knechtel also served as a professor of German, Czech, Latin, Italian, Spanish and Romanian.
After his death, Wilhelm Knechtel was buried in the Lutheran Cemetery in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="2867826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867826" title="Decerebration">
Decerebration

Decerebration is the elimination of cerebral brain function in an animal by removing the cerebrum, cutting across the brain stem, or severing certain arteries in the brain stem.
Decerebration describes the ligation along the neural axis in distinct parts of the brain in experimental animals. Generally lower decerebration (the cut is made above the upper border of the pons), middle decerebration (cut is made through the red nucleus) and upper decerebration (cut is made so the cortical area is removed). As a result the animal abolishes certain reflexes which are integrated in different parts of the brain. Furthermore the reflexes which are functional will be hyperreactive (and therefore very accentuated) due to the removal of inhibiting higher brain centers (e.g. the facilitatory area of the reticular formation will not receive regulating input from cerebellum, basal ganglia and the cortex).
Lower decerebration results in a "Bulbospinal" animal:
Reflexes which are integrated within the spinal cord and medulla oblongata are functional, reflexes integrated in midbrain and cortex are absent.
The most obvious accentuation is seen in the tonic labyrinthine reflexes, the otolithic organs mediates input about the gravitational force exerted on the body and the labyrinthine reflex acts on the extensor muscles in order to resist this gravitational force. In an animal where the cortical areas or the midbrain have been "cut off" from the neural axis, this reflex is hyperactive and the animal will maximally extend all four limbs. This phenomenon is known as decerebrate rigidity. In humans true decerebrate rigidty is rare since the damage to the brain centers it might be caused by usually are lethal. However decorticate rigidity can be caused by bleeding in the internal capsule which causes damage to upper motor neurons. The symptoms of decorticate rigidity are flexion in the upper limbs and extension in the lower limbs.

</doc>
<doc id="2867829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867829" title="Book of Revelation (disambiguation)">
Book of Revelation (disambiguation)

Book of Revelation is the last book of the New Testament in the Bible.
Book of Revelation may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867835" title="The Book of Revelation (novel)">
The Book of Revelation (novel)

The Book of Revelation is a novel by UK author Rupert Thomson. The book was published in 2000 by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc and has 264 pages. The novel was unique for its detailed descriptions of a non statutory female on male rape.
The protagonist of the novel is a ballet dancer living in Amsterdam with his French girlfriend Bridgette. One day he is drugged and abducted in an alley by three hooded women. They hold him prisoner in an abandoned warehouse for about two weeks. During the course of his incarceration he endeavours to keep his mind separate from the abuse that is systematically inflicted on his body (involving the women constantly raping him).
In 2006 the book was made into a film by Ana Kokkinos. In the novel the narrator is never named explicitly. In the film version the character is called 'Daniel'. The actress who depicts Bridgette also plays the role of one of his captors; although the Director claims this is not intended as anything more than doubling up. The audience is not supposed to 'see' this as a suggestion that Bridgette was one of 'Daniels' captors.

</doc>
<doc id="2867852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867852" title="Bobby Preston">
Bobby Preston

Robert Thomas Preston (born March 21, 1992 in Oregon City, Oregon) is an American actor.
Preston graduated from high school in Medford, Oregon at Cascade Christian High School.

</doc>
<doc id="2867867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867867" title="Soft!">
Soft!

Soft! is a novel by British writer Rupert Thomson, written in 1998 London.
Apparently acting as participants in a sleep experiment, the protagonists of this novel find themselves the unwitting word-of-mouth advertisers of 'Kwench!', a new soft drink.

</doc>
<doc id="2867874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867874" title="The Forest of Doom">
The Forest of Doom

The Forest of Doom is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Ian Livingstone, and illustrated by Malcolm Barter. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1983, the title is the third gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series, and the first of several to feature the character Yaztromo. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. The gamebook was also adapted into a video game.
Plot.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to retrieve a magical warhammer for the dwarves of the village of Stonebridge, which has apparently been stolen and hidden in separate pieces by goblins in Darkwood Forest.
Reception.
Marcus L. Rowland reviewed "The Forest of Doom" for the June 1983 issue of "White Dwarf", rating the title a 10 out of a possible 10. Rowland suggested that only "eally stupid players" would try to loot the home of the mage, because they "will not like the consequences", and noted the lethality of the forest area with "some encounters being survivable only by luck or remarkably good combat rolls, while others can be settled without any conflict".
In other media.
A ZX Spectrum and Commodore 64 video game based on the book was released by Puffin Books in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="2867891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867891" title="Brendan Taylor">
Brendan Taylor

Brendan Ross Murray Taylor (born 6 February 1986) is a Zimbabwean cricketer, who is mainly a batsman but occasionally keeps wicket or bowls off-spin. He is currently the captain of the Zimbabwean cricket team, having taken over the reins from Elton Chigumbura after the 2011 Cricket World Cup. He became the first Zimbabwean batsman to hit back-to-back One-Day International centuries (128 not out and 107 not out), achieved against New Zealand in October 2011. He was selected to play Twenty20 cricket for the Wellington cricket team as an overseas player in New Zealand's HRV Twenty20 Cup in December 2011.
Career.
Early years.
Taylor was groomed by Iain Campbell, the father of Zimbabwean Test cricketer Alistair Campbell, at the Lilfordia primary school near Harare. During his teens, Taylor emerged as a regular choice for national age-group teams and played in two Under-19 World Cups. He made his first-class debut for Mashonaland A at the age of 15. The very next year, he shot to prominence by scoring 200 not out in the B Division of the Logan Cup. Strong domestic performances and a mass exodus of top-level players forced Taylor into the national team at the age of 18 against Sri Lanka in 2003–04.
Taylor made his debut for Zimbabwe at a time when many of the country's leading players rebelled against Zimbabwe Cricket (formally known as the Zimbabwean Cricket Union) and made themselves unavailable to represent the side. Consequently, to fill the gap, many young players were prematurely brought into the team, which weakened the side, especially at Test level. Taylor was one of the youngest and most promising in this lot. In 2006, despite not having signed a new contract, he was selected in the national team. Soon, he took over the wicketkeeping responsibilities as well following the temporary departure of Tatenda Taibu. He shot to international prominence after his 60 not out helped Zimbabwe achieve a five-wicket upset over Australia in the 2007 ICC World Twenty20. 
In July/August 2007, Taylor was re-selected for the Zimbabwe Select team against South Africa A, having not been available against India A. He scored just 15 runs (2 and 13) in the second first-class match, having been overlooked for the first game. With Tatenda Taibu back in the team, Taylor was no longer needed behind the stumps. In the ODI series against the full South Africa team, the entire Zimbabwe squad performed above themselves (including their highest ODI score against South Africa), but falling short on all 3 occasions. Taylor too had a good series, ending as the 5th highest run-scorer, with 105 runs at 35.00. Taylor's first Twenty20 outing was vs Eagles, Sept 2006 and the second was versus Bangladesh, Dec 2006.
Defeating Bangladesh, 2006.
In the 3rd ODI of the Bangladesh tour of Zimbabwe (2006), Taylor played a crucial role in a Zimbabwe win. A close game throughout, Zimbabwe required 5 runs from the final ball, effectively meaning a 6 needed to be hit to win the game. Taylor successfully hit 6 off the bowling of Mashrafe Mortaza on the last ball, giving Zimbabwe the victory, and contributing to their series win.
The ICC World Cup 2007 campaign.
After a relatively unsuccessful series at home against Bangladesh in February 2007, in which there were some concerns over his commitment to the team, he was still selected for the 15-man squad to tour to the West Indies for the World Cup. With over 60 ODIs under his belt, he is the team's most experienced player.
After a decent World Cup campaign, including 87 runs from 3 matches at an average of 29.00 (including a half-century; 50), Taylor went to play club cricket in the Netherlands, despite a ruling by the Zimbabwe Cricket board that any player leaving the country to play club cricket would be overlooked for selection.
Defeating Australia, 2007.
Into the action early, Taylor caught Matthew Hayden off the bowling of Chigumbura. Taylor was also involved in a first class stumping, which saw Andrew Symonds depart. Taylor also made a crucial run out, with only one stump to aim at, to dismiss Mitchell Johnson.
With Zimbabwe restricting Australia to just 138, by Twenty20 standards a poor score, Taylor also opened their innings. While Vusi Sibanda got the ball rolling with several quick boundaries, Taylor was the key man, and batted out the innings. With both teams reasonably even placed for the first dozen overs, it was when Brad Hodge came on to bowl his gentle offspin in the 15th over that Taylor turned the match in Zimbabwe's favour. 15 was scored from the over, including two massive sixes by Taylor, the longest of which went 77 metres. With 12 runs required from the final over, Taylor played a cheeky sweep which went for 4 from the first ball. Followed by a single, a two and another single, Zimbabwe needed 4 runs from 2 balls with Taylor facing, Chigumbura at the non-strikers end. With a ball to spare, 4 leg-byes were scored, with the ball running down to fine leg. Taylor ended with 60 not out from 45 deliveries. His fine all round performance with the bat and gloves won him the man of the match award.
In June 2008, Taylor joined the Lashings World XI based in England. This was seen as somewhat controversial due to reports of tension between Taylor and Zimbabwe Cricket Board, as a result of the board's policy of denying players to play abroad.
Against South Africa, 2010 and thereafter.
Brendan Taylor scored 145* against the South African cricket team he carried his bat throughout the ODI innings and became only the ninth person to do so. South Africa scored 351/6 and Taylor scored 145 of 136 deliveries as Zimbabwe managed 287/6, yet again performing well with the bat but poorly with the ball
That knock proved something of a turning point for him, and he struck another century in the same year against Sri Lanka and proved Zimbabwe's stand-out batsman at the 2011 World Cup, with his upper-cut to third man being the lasting images of the tournament.
Return to Test cricket, 2011.
Following poor performances in the 2011 Cricket World Cup, Taylor was appointed captain of Zimbabwe on 24 June 2011, taking over from Chigumbura. He captained the side on their return to Test cricket, against Bangladesh, at the Harare Sports Club on 4 August 2011. In the first innings of the match he scored 71 and during the second innings he scored 105* and he then became the second Zimbabwean to score a century in his first match as captain, Zimbabwe sealed a 130 run victory and Brendan Taylor was named man of the match for his century.
New Zealand Series, 2011.
In the ODI series of New Zealand's tour to Zimbabwe, Taylor unleashed his best form to date. In the 1st ODI, he scored 128* rescuing Zimbabwe from a precarious position to a respectable 231. In the next match, he scored another century (107*) leading the charge from the front again and in the process, becoming the first ever Zimbabwean batsman to score back-to-back ODI tons. However, he did not receive any support from the other batsmen and despite his tons, Zimbabwe lost both the games. In the final ODI, chasing a sizable 329 to win, Taylor set the tone of the chase with a brisk 75 off 65 balls, which enabled Malcolm Waller and Elton Chigumbura to give Zimbabwe a famous win. With 310 runs in the series at an average of 310.00 and a strike rate of over 100, Taylor was adjudged the Man of the Series. His 310 runs is also a record number of runs in a three-match ODI series. He scored 50 and 117 in the one off test match. By the process, Taylor became only the second Zimbabwean batsman after Kevin Arnott to score a century in the fourth innings of a Test match, and contained 5 huge sixes. Despite his half-century and his second Test cricket ton, New Zealand outlasted him to win a thrilling match. Despite that, Taylor said that his team will continue to play aggressive, attacking test cricket which drew widespread praise from all quarters. In 2011, as a result of his fine performances, he was named the cricketer of the year and the batsman of the year.
West Indies tour, 2013.
Taylor only managed to muster a total of 33 runs in the two Tests against the West Indies, at an average of 18, in a Test series where Zimbabwe were comprehensively beaten by the home side, he also performed poorly in the ODI series, scoring 47 runs, averaging 15.66 with a high score of 39. He also played in the T20 series, only scoring 4 runs in 2 matches.
Bangladesh, 2013.
Taylor performed much better under home conditions against the touring Bangladeshis in April 2013. He topped the Test batting averages for the two Test series, average over 106 a match, with a high score of 171 in the first Test at the Harare Sports Club, leading Zimbabwe to draw the Test series 1-1. In the subsequent ODI series, he captained the side to a 2-1 victory in the tournament, although failing to replicate his scores from the Test series. He also led Zimbabwe to draw the T20 series against Bangladesh 1-1.
Test career.
In the Test arena, Taylor's performances were somewhat below what one would expect of a player at Test level. However, this was attributed to his young age and premature elevation to the national team. However, since Zimbabwe's return to the Test circuit, Taylor has shown remarkable maturity, both as the side's leading batsman and captain. He scored two Test centuries and when he scored a century in the fourth innings of the Test match against New Zealand, on a fifth day pitch, (inclusive of 5 huge sixes), he became the second Zimbabwean after Arnott to score a fourth-innings century in a Test match. Taylor has announced that his team will continue to play aggressive, attacking test cricket which drew widespread praise from all quarters. He also scored two half-centuries, 71 against Bangladesh and 50 against New Zealand.
Although Taylor is basically a top-order batsman, he has been in the past been successful as a part-time off-break bowler. He was Zimbabwe's first choice wicketkeeper, but gave up the wicketkeeping gloves after the return of Taibu behind the stumps. Following Taibu's retirement in July 2012, Taylor sometimes keeps wicket in ODIs and T20s but not in Tests.
Domestic career.
Taylor has been playing in Zimbabwe's domestic first-class competition, the Logan Cup, since 2001–02. His domestic one-day debut came for Mashonaland in 2003–04.
In the domestic circuit he is one of the most reliable and successful batsman, and in 68 first-class matches, he already has 4,719 with a highest score of 217 and a batting average of 39.99. In List A cricket, he has played 184 matches, scoring 5,528 runs, with a personal best of 145*. His average in those matches are 33.30. In Twenty20 cricket, he has 1,307 in 47 matches at an average of 33.51.
Brendan Taylor was one of the star players in the 2007–08 Metropolitan Bank Twenty20. Taylor missed out on that elusive Twenty20 century by 15 runs when he scored 85 not out against Southerns in the second match of the tournament. Batting first, Taylor opened the batting and guided the Northerns to 3/227 after 20 overs, before going on to record a massive 158 run win. He also scored a second half century, 63 not out, against Centrals, a match Northerns won by 9 wickets with 6 balls to spare. Taylor was the second highest run scorer of the tournament, smashing 168 runs at an average of 84.00.
He scored 95 in his only appearance for Northerns, in the 2008–09 Logan Cup. His team won the match by a massive innings and 290 runs.
In the 2011–12 Stanbic Bank 20 Series, Taylor overcame a blistering ton by Chris Gayle to lead his team Mid West Rhinos to victory. The 171-run massive chase turned out to be a seven-wicket win with three balls to spare, mostly due to Taylor's match-winning knock of 75 in which he shared stands of 56 with the New Zealander Lou Vincent, and then a match-changing 105 for the third wicket with Gary Ballance, who made a quickfire 67 off 34 balls, including for sixes. It was the Rhinos' first win of the tournament.
Taylor was given a contract to represent Wellington as an overseas player in New Zealand's HRV Twenty20 Cup in December 2011. He made his debut for Auckland in the 2011–12 HRV Cup game against Wellington. Wellington went on to finish bottom of the ladder, with just two wins from 10 games, but Taylor was the side's highest scorer with 207 runs, and the eleventh best overall.
In 2013, Taylor was signed by the Chittagong Kings for $30,000. The King's got off to a poor start, however Taylor was one of the highest scorers in the league during this stretch. After the first 5 games, Mahmudullah resigned as the King's captain and Taylor was charged with the captain's duty. With his experience from leading the Zimbabwe National side and Uthura Rudras (Sri Lankan Premier League), Taylor led King's on a 4 game win streak. While on the hot streak, Taylor was the team's leading scorer and 3rd in the league with 316 total runs. Kings ended up reaching the BPL Final, but due to illness Taylor had to return home. Taylor-less Kings came up short in the final, finally losing to the Dhaka Gladiators.
It has also been announced Taylor will play cricket for Tasmania in the 2013-14.
Sunrisers Hyderabad purchased him at IPL 2014 auction for Rs. 30,00,000

</doc>
<doc id="2867906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867906" title="Hibiscus (entertainer)">
Hibiscus (entertainer)

Hibiscus (real name, George Edgerly Harris III) (September 6, 1949 – May 6, 1982) was one of the leaders of the psychedelic gay liberation theater collective known as the Cockettes in early 1970s San Francisco; in today's theatrical parlance he would be considered to be a "Creative Director".
Early life.
Harris was born in Bronxville, New York in 1949 to George Harris II and Ann M. Harris. The family moved to Clearwater Beach, Florida. The Harris parents became interested in theater and began performing with a local commuity theater called "The Little Theater". George and his siblings started a children's theater troupe, the El Dorado Players. In 1964, the family moved to New York, and Harris appeared in commercials, television, and in 1966 in an Off Broadway play titled "Peace Creeps" by John Wolfson with Al Pacino and James Earl Jones.
In 1967, George Harris III and his father George Harris II appeared in New York in the Off-Off-Broadway play "Gorilla Queen" by Ronald Tavel.
War protest.
Hibiscus (then George Harris) joined the October 21, 1967 anti-war march on the Pentagon (in order to "levitate" it) and appears in the historic photograph of that event, "Flower Power"; he was the turtleneck sweater-wearing protester photographed putting flowers into the gun barrels of the MPs.
The Cockettes.
Hibiscus (whose full beard, vintage dresses, make-up and costume jewelry created a defiant look, even by today's standards) embraced drag and drugs as paths to spiritual liberation, and attracted a group of like-minded hippies who loved show-tunes, dressing up, showing off and dropping acid, and became The Cockettes.
The Cockettes decked themselves out in drag outfits and glitter for a series of legendary midnight musicals at the Palace Theater in San Francisco's California North Beach neighborhood. They quickly became a "must-see" for San Francisco's gay community, with their outlandishly decadent productions like "Journey to the Center of Uranus," "Tinsel Tarts in a Hot Coma" and "Gone with the Showboat to Oklahoma." Two notable Cockettes were the disco diva darling Sylvester and the "queen of B-movie filth" Divine, who sang "If there's a crab on Uranus you know you've been loved" while dressed as a psychedelic crab queen.
When the Cockettes wanted to start charging for their shows, Hibiscus left, believing all shows should be free, and formed the "Angels of Light" in San Francisco, which gave many free theatrical performances in the early 1970s in San Francisco and New York. After moving back to New York, he put together a number of off-off Broadway revues, of which "Sky High" ran the longest. He also appeared in a daytime soap opera under his real name. In the early 1980's, he and his sisters Jayne Anne, Eloise and Mary Lou and brother Fred, formed the glitter rock group "Hibiscus and the Screaming Violets".
Hibiscus died of Kaposi's sarcoma due to complications from AIDS on May 6, 1982 at St. Vincent's Hospital in New York City. 
He was a very early AIDS casualty: at the time of his death the new illness was still referred to as GRID.

</doc>
<doc id="2867914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867914" title="Spencer Daniels">
Spencer Daniels

Spencer Eli Daniels (born December 23, 1992) is an American film and television actor. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Daniels began acting professionally at the age of ten. Daniels has appeared in over ten films including "Star Trek" and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button". Daniels has also appeared in over ten television productions including the recurring role of Tyler Lomand on the critically acclaimed series "Crash". On August 12th 2014, Daniel's film The Midnight Game will be released by Anchor Bay Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="2867916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867916" title="Mr. Midnight">
Mr. Midnight

Mr. Midnight is a children's horrors series written by Jim Aitchison under the pseudonym of James Lee. The series is published by Angsana Books. There are currently 84 "episodes" of this book and 10 Special Edition titles being distributed with more being written and released around every two to four months. It has been translated into Burmese, Malay, Indonesian, simplified Chinese, and traditional Chinese.
Each book in the series contains two stories. The first book was titled "Madman's Mansion" and "The Monster in Mahima's Mirror" 
Jim Aitchison's books are very popular among young children and preteens and has been regarded as "Asia's answer to Harry Potter".
A movie titled "Mr. Midnight the Movie: My Haunted Holiday" was planned and used to be in production but was canceled as the producers thought the movie would not suit the book's style.

</doc>
<doc id="2867918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867918" title="Cheetah-licious Christmas">
Cheetah-licious Christmas

Cheetah-licious Christmas is a Christmas album by The Cheetah Girls'. It is also the first album the girls released as an official musical group, however group member Adrienne Bailon later stated that the album does not serve as their official debut album. It was released by Walt Disney Records on October 11, 2005. The album features eight classic Christmas songs as well as five original songs. The album peaked at #74 on the Billboard charts. Single includes "Cheetah-licious Christmas", as well as the Radio Disney single "Five More Days 'til Christmas".
Track listing.
Note: Original songs marked with a (*)
Singles.
Cheetah-licious Christmas.
"Cheetah-licious Christmas"Released: November 1, 2005 (CD single, cassette single)Length: 3:32Label: Nickelodeon/Columbia RecordsWriters:Robbie Nevil, Matthew Gerrard
"Cheetah-licious Christmas" is the first single from The Cheetah Girls. It was released on November 1, 2005, along with a music video that showcases the members performing the song inside of a snow globe dressed in winter clothing. It was performed on their Cheetah-licious Christmas Tour and was added to the set list of The Party's Just Begun Tour during the holiday season.
Five More Days 'til Christmas.
"Five More Days 'til Christmas"Released: December 12, 2005 (Radio Disney)Length: 3:04 Label: Walt DisneyWriters:Robbie Nevil, Matthew Gerrard
"Five More Days 'til Christmas" is the second single from The Cheetah Girls' Christmas album "Cheetah-licious Christmas". It was released on December 12, 2005 and was performed on their Cheetah-licious Christmas Tour. The single was never released for digital download.
Tour.
In the winter of 2005, The Cheetah Girls went on tour to support the Christmas album. Aly & AJ went along with them, as the opening act, to support their own album "Into the Rush", although the Jonas Brothers performed as surprise guests opening for both The Cheetah Girls and Aly & AJ for a total of 10 shows of the tour, promoting "It's About Time", their first album. The holiday theme of the concert included giant presents (in which the Cheetah Girls performed in), Winter clothes, and even a tropical theme for their song "Christmas in California", which included surfboards with the girls' names on them. The Cheetah Girls also sang songs from the first Cheetah Girls soundtrack, their song "I Won't Say (I'm in Love)" (from "DisneyMania 3"), and their version of "Shake a Tail Feather" (from the "Chicken Little" soundtrack).
The girls went on tour to support this album entitled the Cheetah-licous Christmas Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2867923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867923" title="Lenny McPherson">
Lenny McPherson

Leonard Arthur ("Lenny", or more commonly, "Lennie") McPherson (born Balmain, New South Wales 19 May 1921; died Cessnock, New South Wales, 28 August 1996) was one of the most notorious and powerful Australian career criminals of the late 20th century. McPherson is believed to have controlled most of Sydney's organised crime activity for several decades, alongside his contemporary Abe Saffron (who was dubbed "Mr Sin") and associate George Freeman.
Reputation.
Universally feared by adversaries and often referred to as Sydney's "Mr Big" of organised crime, McPherson built up an extensive network of criminal activities that included robbery, theft and extortion rackets, illegal gambling, "sly-grog shops" (illegal alcohol outlets), prostitution and drug dealing, and his influence is also believed to have extended to South East Asia and the United States
McPherson's well-earned reputation for extreme brutality is exemplified by an incident recounted in Tony Reeves' 2005 biography. McPherson had been estranged from his mother for many years, but on her 70th birthday, he unexpectedly turned up at her flat, carrying a live rabbit. He demanded to know why he had not been invited to her birthday party, and when she admitted that it was because of his criminal activities, the furious McPherson tore the rabbit's head off, threw the still-twitching body at her feet and stormed off. Reeves also states that McPherson savagely brutalised his first wife on numerous occasions—on one occasion, when he accused her of having an affair, he tied one of her legs to a tree and the other to the back of his car, started the car, took up the slack on the ropes and threatened to tear her in half.
McPherson was featured as a character in the Australian crime drama series , in which he was played by actor John McNeill.
Youth and early criminal career, 1930s-1940s.
Lenny McPherson was born in the inner-Sydney suburb of Balmain in 1921, the tenth child of metalworker William McPherson and his wife Nellie. He had some schooling at Birchgrove Primary School, but did not go on to secondary school.
McPherson's first brush with the law came at the age of 11 when he was convicted of stealing and placed on a 12-month good behaviour bond. Eighteen months later, on 13 June 1934, he faced court on another stealing offence and his bond was extended for a further year. On 18 June he was convicted on two charges of stealing and committed to the Mount Penang juvenile detention centre on the NSW Central Coast. According to Reeves, McPherson was frequently bashed and sexually assaulted during this first term of incarceration, a common experience for juvenile detainees at this time.
During World War II McPherson's father found him a position as a driller at the dockyard where he worked, enabling Lenny to avoid conscription, because dock workers were a protected occupation. During this period he racked up a string of traffic fines for minor infringements including speeding, illegal parking and driving an unlicenced vehicle.
In 1940 McPherson married 16-old Dawn Joy Allan at Rozelle, New South Wales.
McPherson's first criminal convictions as an adult were in 1946. In January he was convicted and fined for possession of stolen goods—a conviction that was upheld on appeal—and a month later, on 15 February, he was found guilty of receiving stolen goods and sentenced to 12 months' hard labour at Long Bay Jail. Soon after, he was convicted on another similar charge and sentenced to 18 months, to be served concurrently.
In June 1946 McPherson was briefly transferred to a low-security prison farm at Glen Innes in northern NSW, but six weeks later he was transferred to the maximum security Grafton Gaol because of his "unsatisfactory" behaviour. His wife appealed for him to be transferred back to Sydney to serve out his term at Long Bay. Notably, Tom (Thomas) Sheehan, ALP State Member for Cook, also wrote to the Corrective Services Minister on McPherson's behalf, even though McPherson's current home at Gladesville was not in Sheehan's electorate.
Both requests were initially denied, but a few months later McPherson was transferred back to Long Bay to serve out the rest of his sentence. He was paroled on 24 December 1946, having served only 10 months of his 18-month sentence. McPherson had difficulty re-adjusting to life outside prison. He began drinking heavily and soon fell into a pattern of alcohol-fuelled verbal and physical abuse against his long-suffering wife Joy. His marriage quickly deteriorated, and McPherson took up with other women.
During the 1940s he had associated with the Surry Hills based underworld figure, "William 'Joey' Hollebone", but they later fell out. William 'Joey' Hollebone committed many underworld murders in Sydney and was a close associate of the notorious hitman, "John Frederick (Chow) Hayes". After Hollebone was arrested for a robbery, he accused McPherson of tipping off the police to his whereabouts and in revenge Hollebone's gang brutally pack-raped McPherson's mistress, who was pregnant to him. Hollebone died in 1960.
According to Tony Reeves, McPherson had frequently "fizzed" (informed) on fellow inmates while in prison to gain small privileges and ingratiate himself with prison officers. This habit continued after his release, as McPherson began cultivating selected police officers by informing against rivals or those who offended or annoyed him. One contemporary recalled that the young McPherson was widely known at the time as "Lenny The Pig" and "Lenny the Squealer".
On 24 June 1947 McPherson faced a minor charge of using indecent language and was fined £2.
1950s.
By the time of his 30th birthday in 1951, McPherson had developed a fascination with the notorious American gangster Al Capone, reading everything he could find about Capone and trying to emulate him—although, clearly, he had no interest in adopting the Mafia code of silence, "omerta" and soon developed a close relationship with police, selectively acting as an informant in cases where this suited his purposes.
He made a trip to the USA in August 1951, using a forged passport and travelling under his brother's name; Tony Reeves states that it was on this visit that McPherson made his first contacts with members of the Chicago mob. However, his faked passport was detected and he and an accomplice, Martin Goode, were charged with forging and uttering. Although the maximum penalty was 10 years' jail, McPherson and Goode were fined only £100 and placed on a three-year good behaviour bond.
Just five months later McPherson was again before the courts, charged with consorting with known criminals, but he again escaped imprisonment—his conviction was recorded but no sentence was imposed. McPherson was less fortunate with his next offence: in late 1953 he and an accomplice were arrested while trying to break into an office in central Sydney; in November he was found guilty of breaking and entering with intent to steal and being in possession of housebreaking implements (including explosives) and sentenced to three and a half years in prison.
His term was marked by a number of notable incidents: he was disciplined for attempting to pass a clandestine letter out of the gaol, he was charged with having contraband in his possession, and in mid-1955, while still serving his burglary sentence, he was found guilty on three charges of possessing an unlicenced pistol and sentenced to 12 months on each charge, to be served concurrently with his other term.
McPherson was paroled in October 1955. He needed legitimate employment to satisfy his parole conditions, and it was at this time that he established his infamous "motel". Built by McPherson with his brother, it was in fact a group of tiny rooms built on the roof of a private car park in Balmain, which McPherson had created as a safe house for criminal associates who needed to lie low. McPherson placed himself on the payroll at a salary of £20 per week, and for the next 20 years he was able to cover his criminal activities by claiming that the motel was his only source of income.
Rise to power in the 1960s.
From the end of the 1950s, McPherson worked assiduously to secure and increase his power and influence and by the late 1960s he had established an extensive network of organised crime operations which were allegedly supported and protected by corrupt police and public officials. He gained pre-eminence in the tough Sydney underworld through the systematic intimidation and assassination of criminal rivals, and by cultivating relationships with corrupt police officers such as Detective Inspector Ray "Gunner" Kelly and the notorious Det. Sgt. Fred Krahe. These relationships quickly developed into a mutually beneficial arrangements—corrupt police exploited McPherson as an informant and 'enforcer', while they in turn were used by him to neutralise enemies and to protect his organisation.
Tony Reeves cites the 1959 killing of criminal Joseph Hackett as a pivotal event in McPherson's criminal career. He argues that the case was "fixed" by corrupt police and prison guards, who conspired with McPherson and enabled him to avoid prosecution. From this point on, McPherson's influence over police, prison guards, lawyers, magistrates and politicians allowed him to literally get away with murder on numerous occasions.
Murder of Joseph Hackett, 1959.
The bullet-riddled body of Joseph George Hackett was found in a laneway in the inner-city suburb of Leichhardt late at night on 27 July 1959. McPherson and his longtime bodyguard, "Snowy" Rayner (alias Lewis William Hunt) were charged with the murder, but according to Tony Reeves, before they could face a trial the case was dropped on the orders of the then Attorney General of NSW, Reg Downing.
Hackett was led into an ambush by Hilton Mervyn Clayton, another of McPherson's criminal associates. Clayton was arrested only hours after the shooting—although police never revealed how he was picked up so quickly—and after a 14-hour interrogation he allegedly made a "verbal" admission identifying McPherson and Rayner as the killers. Police also located at least two other material witnesses whose evidence could have incriminated McPherson and Rayner. ("Verballing" was a technique resorted to by the New South Wales Police Force in the late 1960s and '70s. A policeman or detective would write a "confession" out and produce it in court unsigned by the defendant.)
Acting on Clayton's admission, detectives Fred Krahe and Les Chowne picked up McPherson and Rayner the next day and questioned them both at length. Significantly, during this first interview, Det. Krahe reportedly revealed to McPherson that it was Clayton who had informed on them. McPherson at first claimed that he had been visiting his mother in hospital when the murder took place, but neither man's alibi stood up, and they were both charged with murder and remanded to Long Bay Gaol.
McPherson had good reason to fear that he would not be allowed out on bail, so during the hours he spent on remand at Long Bay, he allegedly dictated a letter, and then used his influence with a corrupt prison officer known as "The Major" to have it smuggled out of prison and delivered to a trusted associate, Christopher George Campbell. Although not written in McPherson's own hand—Reeves suggests it was transcribed by Rayner—the letter was signed "Lenny" and the contents were highly incriminating. Campbell in fact kept the letter—in 1968 he sold it to journalists from "The Australian" who were researching a (never-completed) investigation into organised crime. News Limited executives then took possession of it and kept its existence secret for many years, until a copy was leaked to Tony Reeves by an anonymous contact.
The letter bluntly states that Hackett had been killed "because he had a big mouth" and that McPherson and Rayner had "surrendered" to a person referred to as "Verbal"—which, Reeves argues, meant that McPherson had made a deal with Det. Ray Kelly (whose nickname was "Verbal"). It outlines their scheme to avoid prosecution, states that Clayton had already been "seen" by some of Lenny's men and that he would never testify against them, describes the plan to fabricate alibis, details the bribing of two other witnesses by offering them £1500 to leave the country, and gives instructions for Campbell to deposit £400 in the account of solicitor Phil Roach—a well-known criminal lawyer who, Reeves claims, regularly acted as an intermediary between criminals like McPherson and corrupt police such as Krahe and Kelly.
When the pair faced court later that day, Rayner was remanded in custody. Remarkably though, in spite of the seriousness of the charge against McPherson, and his extensive criminal record, magistrate Roy Harvey released him on £1000 bail and ordered him to report to police three times a week until the Coroner's case began.
The hearing opened on 21 September 1959, but by this time the two "gigs" (witnesses) referred to in Lenny's letter had left the country. Clayton—who had not been seen since the day after the murder—could not be found, so the case was adjourned and McPherson and Rayner were released on bail. Overnight, Clayton was located by DS Fred Krahe, but when the hearing reopened, Clayton recanted on his earlier statement, flatly denying that McPherson and Rayner were the men he had seen on the night Hackett was killed.
Nevertheless, the coroner found that there was a case to answer and McPherson and Rayner were committed to stand trial in November 1959. Bail was refused at this stage, but at a hearing two days later Justice Brereton released both men on £1000 bail. Before the trial could go ahead, however, the matter was "no-billed" by state Attorney General Reg Downing. In his account of the case, investigative journalist Tony Reeves reported that, years later, an anonymous barrister who claimed to have been privy to "secretive arrangements" between lawyers, police and politicians at the time, had told him that McPherson had "donated" over $10,000 to Downing to assist in his decision.
Attempted murder of John Unwin, 1960.
In 1960 McPherson and Rayner were charged with the attempted murder of SP bookmaker John Joseph Unwin. The vehicular ambush took place on a busy central Sydney street at mid-evening, and several shots were fired between the two cars as they repeatedly rammed each other, but Unwin managed to return fire, wounding Rayner in the arm, and he escaped without injury. The charges against McPherson were quietly dropped some time later, in part because Unwin refused to cooperate with police.
End of first marriage.
By the early 1960s McPherson's marriage to Dawn Joy had become a sham, and he is known to have had numerous lovers and several children by other women. The end of the marriage was precipitated by a particularly violent attack on his wife in October 1960. After coming home from a drinking binge and discovering that his dinner was not ready, a drunken McPherson savagely pistol-whipped his wife, repeatedly threatened to kill her, and fired shots into the food still cooking on the stove.
Joy was rescued from the house by her father, and she initially agreed with his advice that she should charge her husband with attempted murder. However, at a "conciliation" meeting—arranged and attended by Det. Ray Kelly—she was coerced into dropping the idea. Joy never returned to live with Lenny after the incident, and she subsequently divorced him, signed over her share of their Gladesville home to him, remarried and left Sydney.
In May 1962 McPherson was arrested by two junior detectives for consorting with known criminals, a charge which carried a potential sentence of six months in prison. However, the detectives received a radio order to release McPherson before their car had even arrived at the station, and the two officers involved subsequently stated that the order had come from corrupt detective Ray "Gunner" Kelly.
Murder of Robert Walker, 1963.
On 9 July 1963 McPherson (then 42) married for the second time to Marlene Carrol Gilligan, 22. That evening, McPherson allegedly slipped away from his own wedding reception at Balmain and carried out the brutal murder of a rival criminal, Robert James "Pretty Boy" Walker, at Randwick, in Sydney's east. Walker had already earned McPherson's displeasure by bragging of being "the toughest man in Sydney" but he was marked for death after he attacked one of McPherson's trusted minders, the notorious Sydney criminal Stan "The Man" Smith (aka Raymond Arthur Owens) -- described by Reeves as "a psychotic gunman and drug addict".
Walker had bashed Smith for assaulting a prostitute at a Woolloomooloo hotel; some days later, Smith and several confederates went to Walker's house in Paddington to 'sort him out', but Walker drove them off by firing a salvo of rifle shots through his front door, and one shot wounded Smith in the chest. Walker was charged and he went to ground after the shooting, but he made the mistake of hiding out at the Randwick house of the prostitute Smith had assaulted.
On the evening of the McPherson's wedding reception, at around 6pm, Smith received a call from the prostitute. Smith alerted McPherson, who told his new bride that he had urgent business, and the two men left the reception. They drove to the suburb of Kingsford, changed clothes, picked up a stolen car and drove it to the house where Walker was hiding. They waited until Walker left the woman's house at about 6:15pm, then followed him as he walked down Randwick's main street, Alison Road, on his way to a local pub. Drawing up alongside, McPherson opened fire on Walker at close range with an Owen submachine gun, hitting him six times and killing him instantly; several shots also struck a parked car and a nearby fence.
Although police were on the scene almost immediately, McPherson and Smith made a clean getaway. They dumped the stolen vehicle, and retrieved their own car. After hiding the machine-gun at an associate's welding business, Smith and McPherson changed back into their own clothes, dumped the clothes they had worn during the shooting into the Parramatta River and returned to the wedding reception in Balmain. According to Tony Reeves, the entire operation took just over half an hour.
The case caused a sensation because of the brazen nature of the killing and the fact that it was the first underworld murder in Sydney involving the use of a machine-gun. However the investigation was led by Ray Kelly, who (according to Reeves) pointed the finger of suspicion away from McPherson and directed it at Raymond 'Ducky' O'Connor, another prominent Sydney criminal and a longstanding enemy of McPherson's. The inquest opened in December 1963, and when it resumed in February 1964 O'Connor was called to give evidence. The inquest ended with the coroner finding that he was unable to recommend any prosecution.
Some months later, in 1965, journalists Ron Saw and Frank Brown wrote an article about the case, published in the new satirical magazine "Oz" in which they alleged that a loose association of prominent Sydney criminals had clubbed together to have Walker killed because of his attempts to establish himself as a standover man.
Murder of 'Greyhound' Charlie Bourke, 1964.
Only days after the conclusion of the inquest into Walker's murder, McPherson allegedly executed another rival. McPherson had reportedly clashed with standover man and greyhound trainer Charles Bourke over the provision of 'protection' for a new illegal baccarat club in the city, and Bourke had also begun to encroach on the protection rackets McPherson was running on illegal gaming houses in the Newtown area.
McPherson's reprisal was brutal. Bourke was gunned down on the front lawn of his Randwick home in the early hours of the morning of 10 February 1964. Forensic investigations determined that the killer had hidden in nearby bushes and had fired 10 rifle shots into Bourke from a distance, reloaded, then approached the dying man and fired a further 10 shots into him at close range. No-one was ever charged over the killing, but Tony Reeves asserts that sources who had been close to Det. Ray Kelly assured him that there was no doubt that McPherson was the killer, and that Kelly had ensured that McPherson would not fall under suspicion.
Murder of Jacky Steele, 1965.
The next rival eliminated by McPherson was murderer, safecracker and standover man Robert Lawrence "Jacky" Steele, whose shooting and subsequent death became one of the most celebrated criminal cases of the period. On the evening of 26 November 1965 Steele was fired upon by four men who approached him in a car, while he was walking down a quiet street in the affluent suburb of Woollahra in Sydney's inner east.
He received multiple gunshot wounds—including a shotgun blast that ripped a five-inch hole in his abdomen—but he survived the initial attack and he was able to stagger 200 metres back to his home and drag himself up three flights of stairs to his flat before collapsing. Steele was still conscious when he arrived at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, where surgeons removed more than 40 shotgun pellets and bullet fragments from his body.
The wounded Steele survived in hospital for almost a month before finally dying from complications arising from his injuries. In that time he briefly became a media star, and reporters interviewed him in his hospital bed, although one newspaper photographer discovered that Steele, wary of another attempt on his life, was keeping a loaded shotgun at the ready under the sheets.
Steele told a "Sunday Mirror" reporter that his assailants were able to surprise him by driving up to him in a car that resembled an official police vehicle, and that they were all wearing hats of a style then much favoured by detectives. Tony Reeves speculates Steele may have been falsely told to expect a visit from police with whom he was connected, that McPherson may have used his corrupt police connections to gain the use of a real police vehicle and that the gunmen made eight rehearsal runs for the attack before carrying it out.
Like Charlie Bourke, Steele had incurred Lenny's wrath because he was trying to challenge McPherson's control over inner-city standover rackets, but McPherson's considerable ego also played a part. By Steele's own account, his fate was sealed by a feature in the satirical magazine "Oz", entitled "The Oz Guide to Sydney's Underworld", and which was published shortly before the shooting.
Based on information supplied by two Sydney journalists, "Oz" editor Richard Neville compiled a "Top 20" list of Sydney gangsters. The #1 spot was left empty but—in a reference to McPherson—the name "Len" was placed at #2, and "Len" was also described as a "fence and a fizz-gig" (police informant). The edition sold out in three days and a delighted Steele reportedly bought 20 copies, making great play of the fact that McPherson was not at #1 on the list of top criminals.
It may seem unlikely that a man of McPherson's reputation could be disturbed by an article in a satirical student magazine, but Neville has since revealed that, soon after the "Underworld Guide" was published, he received a visit at his Paddington home from McPherson himself. Lenny explained that had obtained Neville's address from a friend's son, who was at university with Neville. He claimed that he had come to assure himself that the "Oz" team were not part of a rival gang, and to insist that he was not a "fizz".
In a subsequent edition, "Oz" delved further into the case when it published the confidential minutes of a monthly meeting of Sydney detectives, held on 1 December. The leaked document revealed that Steele (then still alive in hospital) had named those he believed had carried out the shooting, and that Steele had privately told police that he was sure that McPherson was behind the shooting, and that it had been ordered because of Lenny's fury over the "Oz" article. The fact that the secret report had been obtained from an underworld source was described by "Oz" as a "devastating indictment of police".
The late 1960s and beyond.
McPherson continued his rise to power through the late 1960s, masterminding the bloody and highly publicized Sydney "gang wars" of the period, during which he allegedly coordinated (and occasionally took part in) the murder of several key rivals. This included the sensational 1967 car-bombing murder of brothel owner Joe Borg, and the killings of his old enemy Ducky O'Connor, and Stewart John Regan. By systematically eliminating his rivals, McPherson became one of the most powerful criminals in Australia, and by the end of the decade 1970s, with corrupt police, prison officers, lawyers and politicians on his payroll, he was able to conduct his criminal activities with almost total impunity.
According to biographer Tony Reeves, when it suited him, McPherson acted as an informant to NSW police. In this role, he figured in one of Australia's biggest manhunts, the 1966 search for prison escapees Ronald Ryan and Peter John Walker, who had fled to NSW after a daring escape from Melbourne's Pentridge Prison, during which prison guard George Hodson was killed. Ryan and Walker were eventually captured in the grounds of Concord Hospital in Sydney in a major operation led by Det. Ray "Machine Gun" Kelly. According to Reeves, McPherson was approached by Ryan and Walker, who sought his help to leave the country, but McPherson then arranged a bogus meeting with them at Concord and tipped off the police to their whereabouts. Ryan was subsequently convicted and hanged for the murder of Hodson, becoming the last man in Australia to be executed.
McPherson is also believed to have facilitated the establishment of close contact between himself and other leading Australian criminals (Ronny Lee, George Freeman and Stan Smith) and members of the Chicago Mafia in the late 1960s—most notably through his infamous meeting in 1969, in Sydney, with Mafia hit-man, "Joseph Dan Testa" and Testa's bodyguard, Nick Giordano. On that occasion, McPherson even took Testa and Giordano kangaroo shooting. The following year, McPherson visited Testa in Chicago.
During the Moffitt Royal Commission, an informant alleged that Testa, as a representative of the Mafia, "was conspiring with McPherson and a poker machine company, Bally Manufacturing Company, to corner the New South Wales market." Testa was later killed in 1981 in a car bomb explosion in a car park near Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA.
McPherson is also thought to have been a significant figure in the development of the illegal heroin trade in South-East Asia in the early 1970s.
In 1984 the Gang Wars had started. There were three major gangs: McPherson's Team, Neddy Smith's gang which was backed by Roger Rogerson and there was Barry McCann backed by other police. With a pile of dead bodies, it was back to business.
Death.
He was eventually arrested, tried and jailed in the 1990s after ordering the bashing of a business rival. He died of a heart attack in Cessnock Gaol on 28 August 1996, aged 75. He was buried on 3 September 1996 at the "Field Of Mars Cemetery", Ryde, New South Wales.
Royal Commission witness
McPherson was one of the witnesses called before the Moffitt Royal Commission into organised crime, which ran from 1973-74.

</doc>
<doc id="2867927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867927" title="Mi Sangre">
Mi Sangre

Mi Sangre ("My Blood") is the third studio album by Colombian Latin singer-songwriter Juanes, released on September 28, 2004.
Re-releases.
In 2005, a 'Tour Edition' of the album was released. This specially packaged re-release of "Mi Sangre" is an individually numbered, limited edition of 150,000 copies. Within its triple gatefold are two booklets — the CD's lyric book, a fold-out booklet with full credits of the current version, and many press quotes. The CD contains the regular album's 12 tracks, live versions of "A Dios le Pido," "La Camisa Negra," "Fotografia," and "Nada Valgo Sin Tu Amor". Bonus tracks include "La Paga", which features Taboo from The Black Eyed Peas, a remix of "La Camisa Negra," and the unreleased track "Lo Que Importa". "Lo Que Importa" was originally made for the album "Fijate Bien". The second disc is a DVD featuring all four videos shot for the album.
The 2005 Mexican double CD contains the regular album's 12 tracks too, but different bonus tracks and no DVD. Just like the regular Tour Edition, it contains bonus tracks "Lo Que Importa" and "La Paga", though the other bonus tracks are songs from his debut album "Fíjate Bien"; "Nada," "Fíjate Bien" and "Podemos Hacernos Daño". This edition also contains two other bonus tracks; an acoustic version of his first worldwide hit "A Dios le Pido" and a different remix of "La Camisa Negra."
As result of the big success after releasing "La Camisa Negra" at the end of 2005 and beginning of 2006, a Special European Tour edition was also released. The only difference between this version and the regular version is that the European version doesn't have the unreleased track "Lo Que Importa". The album also has a remix of "La Camisa Negra". In June 2006 a 2 disc limited edition was released in Germany. The first disc is the same as the Special European Tour edition. The second disc includes 6 songs performed live from the Shepherds Bush Empire in London.
The album was huge success in the United States. As of January 23, 2006, the album has been certified 8x Platinum by the RIAA(for the Latin Charts where 200,000 is equivalent to Platinum while a standard Platinum album requires sales of 1,000,000).

</doc>
<doc id="2867933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867933" title="Bellbowrie, Queensland">
Bellbowrie, Queensland

Bellbowrie is a suburb of the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Bellbowrie lies west-southwest of Brisbane's city centre. It is a rapidly developing semi-rural area due to Brisbane's growth heading in a westwards direction.
Geography.
Bellbowrie is on the northern bank of the Brisbane River. Moggill Road, which bisects the suburb, is a main thoroughfare for traffic passing from Ipswich to central Brisbane. Commuters may use the Moggill Ferry to gain access to Moggill Road as an alternative to the Centenary Highway. Neighbouring suburbs include: Moggill, Pullenvale, Pinjarra Hills and Anstead. 
The streetscape in Bellbowrie benefits from the provision of underground power and there are few power poles to be seen.
Bellbowrie is part of the Pullenvale Ward for Brisbane City Council Elections as well as the seat of Moggill for state elections and the seat of Ryan for federal elections.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Bellbowrie is 5,413, 50.9% female and 49.1% male.
The median/average age of the Bellbowrie population is 37 years of age.
65.7% of people living in Bellbowrie were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 9.5%, South Africa 4.7%, New Zealand 3.2%, India 1.2%, Scotland 1.1%.
88.1% of people speak English as their first language 1% Afrikaans, 0.8% Mandarin, 0.7% Korean, 0.7% French, 0.5% German.
History.
The initial subdivisions in the area were commenced in the early 1970s. Development slowed in the aftermath of the 1974 Brisbane flood which saw much of the eastern, lower-lying areas of the suburb badly inundated with water. Since the construction of the Wivenhoe Dam in the 1980s the threat of floods has been reduced and development has increased. Many acreage owners are subdividing their properties and as a consequence, significant areas of bushland are being cleared. Several new housing estates began development in 2001 on land that used to be pineapple farms.
Moggill Cemetery.
Moggill Cemetery is located on the eastern side of Moggill Road, Bellbowrie in subdivision 2 of portions 7 & 8, County of Stanley, Parish of Moggill. 
In March 1851, the original land owner, Joseph Lewis, purchased portions 7 & 8. 
It is believed portions 7 & 8 was used as church graveyard, circa 1855, only clues remain as to the exact location of the associated, possibly Methodist, chapel. George Mounser, who accidentally drowned at Moggill on 4 March 1855, is assumed to have been the first person buried in the graveyard. 
In 1865, the land was sanctioned as a Cemetery. 
In June 1921, the Governor, Sir Matthew Nathan, ordered that the cemetery be permanently reserved and placed under the control of trustees: John Anstead, John Bird, Maurice William Doyle, Norman Charles Robert Sexton and Frederick Charles Sugars (Government Gazette, 25 June 1921, p 2011). 
In February 1922, the land was resumed by the Crown (Certificate of Title, no. 270863). 
In July 1930, the Governor, Sir Thomas Herbert Goodwin, passed control of Moggill Cemetery over to the Brisbane City Council (Government Gazette, 21 July 1930, p. 42).
Amenities.
Bellbowrie has an abundance of recreational facilities including many off-leash areas for dogs to play in. The suburb also borders the Brisbane River and some residents have boat ramps in order to access it.
Bellbowrie is serviced by a weekly visit of the Brisbane City Council's mobile library service in the Bellbowrie Shopping Plaza carpark, off Birkin Road.
Education.
There are two schools in the area: Moggill State Primary School and Pullenvale State Primary School. 
Social Organisations.
A number of community groups are active in the area, including:
Bellbowrie is part of the 'Tyakunda Scout District', "Tyakunda" being an Aboriginal word meaning 'land of the rolling hills'The local Scout group is called "[http://www.moggill.scoutsqld.com.au Moggill Scout Group", and is named so as Moggill was the original name of the area. 
Sporting Clubs.
The Bellbowrie Sports & Recreation Club Inc., known locally as the "sports & rec" or "the club", located in Sugarwood Street, is the home ground of several sporting clubs:
The Bellbowrie Sports & Recreation Club Inc. also has a skate park, cricket nets and a multiple use tennis and basketball court. 
A Brisbane City Council public swimming pool, located in Sugarwood Street, hosts the Bellbowrie Swimming Club.

</doc>
<doc id="2867942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867942" title="Richard Sims">
Richard Sims

Richards William Sims (born 23 July 1979 in Chinhoyi, Zimbabwe Rhodesia) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. An allrounder, he bats in the middle order and bowls right-arm offbreak. He is a good driver of the ball and is a straight hitter.
International career.
Sims made his international debut in 2002 in an ODI against Pakistan. Having gone into bat first, Pakistan reached 305-2 in 50 overs with Sims bowling 9 wicketless overs for 49. Sims then batted at ten and scored 7 not out as Zimbabwe notched up 295-9 in their 50 overs.
In 2004 he became involved in disputes with the ZCU board and Sims opted out of playing from Zimbabwe instead keeping his contract with his English club. He now plays for a Norfolk club, Swardeston. He also coaches cricket, hockey and rugby at Norwich School, working as a batting and bowling coach.
Post Zimbabwean cricket.
In 2000 he played for Helensburgh, west of Glasgow in Scotland. He was good with the ball and scored two hundreds and three nineties, averaging 51 with the bat for the season. He returned again in 2001, and despite having a great many matches rained off he managed three centuries. 
He has become a successful rugby coach, coaching Norwich School 1st XV to the daily mail vase 2010 final at twickenham in and leading the U14's to Norfolk Cup victory in 2007.
Sportsman.
Sims was also a notable rugby player at scrum-half who represented Zimbabwe Schools. He had represented national rugby teams from junior school upwards.
He got injured on a tour of South Africa and it has affected his cricketing career and it's weakened his throw. As a result he is forced to field in close during games. He gave up rugby to concentrate on cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="2867948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867948" title="Ivan Tors">
Ivan Tors

Ivan Tors (born Iván Törzs, June 12, 1916 Budapest, Austria-Hungary – June 4, 1983) was a Hungarian playwright, film director, screenwriter, and film and television producer with an emphasis on non-violent but exciting science fiction, underwater filmed television and films, and films about animals. He started a Miami-based film studio now known as Greenwich Studios, and later a music company.
Biography.
Tors wrote several plays in Hungary before moving to the US just prior to World War II. He enlisted in the US Army Air Corps then transferred to the Office of Strategic Services. Following the war he was contracted to MGM as a screenwriter.
In 1952 Tors made "Storm over Tibet", his first film as co-writer and producer. He began his partnership with fellow Hungarian Andrew Marton with this film.
Long interested in fact-based science fiction (often with an underwater setting), Tors partnered with actor Richard Carlson in the 1950s to create A-Men Films, a production company devoted to making movies about its own fictitious exploits.
Under the A-Men banner, Tors wrote and produced films such as "The Magnetic Monster" (1951), "Riders to the Stars" (1954), "Gog" (1954) and the TV series "Science Fiction Theatre", "Sea Hunt", and "The Aquanauts" (starring Keith Larsen, Jeremy Slate, and Ron Ely and renamed "Malibu Run"). He created the NBC science fiction series "The Man and the Challenge", starring principally George Nader and Jack Ging and was executive producer of "Ripcord".
His "Office of Scientific Investigation" (OSI) trilogy consisted of: "The Magnetic Monster", "Riders to the Stars", and "Gog".
In the 1960s Tors left science fiction and made several films and television series spin offs involving animals such as "Flipper", "Daktari", and "Cowboy in Africa" a TV spinoff of his film "Africa Texas Style". Tors was an executive producer of MGM Television's 1967 "Off to See the Wizard". He directed some films like "Rhino!", "Zebra in the Kitchen" (1965) and "Galyon" (1977). Several of Tors' television series were made by the production company Ziv TV.
His production company, Ivan Tors Films did the underwater filming for the James Bond film "Thunderball" as well as filming his own "Around the World Under the Sea" for MGM and "Daring Game" and "Hello Down There" for Paramount. The company also co-produced a nature-themed documentary series, "Jambo", for the NBC television network from 1969 to 1971. Tors studio filmed the Soupy Sales film debut in "Birds Do It".
Tors was married to film actress Constance Dowling from 1955 until her death in 1969. Tors himself died 14 years later, eight days before his 67th birthday. He died in Mato Grosso, Brazil where he was scouting a new TV series.
In 1989 the Academy of Underwater Arts & Sciences posthumously awarded Tors a NOGI in Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2867951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867951" title="Emerald toucanet">
Emerald toucanet

The Emerald Toucanet ("Aulacorhynchus prasinus") is a near-passerine bird occurring in mountainous regions from Mexico, through Central America to northern Venezuela and along the Andes as far south as central Bolivia. Some taxa currently included in this species are sometimes split into separate species ("see Taxonomy").
Description.
Like other toucans, the Emerald Toucanet is brightly marked and has a large bill. The adult is long and weight can range from . The sexes are alike in appearance, although the female generally is smaller and slightly shorter-billed. It is, as other members of the genus "Aulacorhynchus", mainly green. The vent and tail-tip are rufous. The bill is black with yellow to the upper mandible (amount depends on the exact subspecies) and, in all except the nominate ("prasinus") and "wagleri" groups ("see Taxonomy"), a white band at the base of the bill. The members of the "caeruleogularis" group have a rufous patch near the base of the upper mandible, while some members of the "albivitta" group have a rufous patch near the base of the lower mandible. The throat is white in the nominate and the "wagleri" group, blue in the "caeruleogularis" and "cognatus" group, pale grey-blue in the "lautus" group, blue or black in the "atrogularis" group, and white or grey-blue in the "albivitta" group. The eye-ring ranges from blue to red, in some subspecies very dark, almost appearing blackish from a distance. The legs are dull greyish and the iris is dark.
Juveniles are duller, including the throat, and, depending on subspecies, the black areas of the bill are replaced with dusky or the bill is entirely yellowish.
Habitat and behavior.
The Emerald Toucanet is a generally common in humid forest and woodland, mainly at higher elevations. The 3–4 white eggs are laid in an unlined hole in a tree, usually an old woodpecker nest, but sometimes a natural cavity. Both sexes incubate the eggs for 14–15 days, and the chicks remain in the nest after hatching. They are blind and naked at birth, and have short bills and specialised pads on their heels to protect them from the rough floor of the nest. They are fed by both parents and fledge after about 6 weeks. They are fed for several weeks after leaving the nest.
Small flocks, usually consisting of 5–10 birds, move through the forest in "follow-my-leader" style with a direct and rapid flight. This species is primarily an arboreal fruit-eater, but will also take insects, lizards, small birds, and their eggs.
The calls of the Emerald Toucanet are a loud dry "rrip rrip rrip rrip rrip" and a "graval graval graval". It has been suggested that the two different calls are given by the two sexes. There are also croaking alarm and aggression calls.
Taxonomy.
It has been suggested that the Emerald Toucanet actually should be split into 7 species (below described as they roughly occur from north to south):
These splits are mainly based on morphology and plumage as described by Navarro "et al." (2001). Their results were preliminary, as they themselves pointed out. As a result most authorities, notably SACC, do not recognize more than a single widespread species, but recognize the need for a solution to this complex. They are clearly separate species as per the phylogenetic species concept, but judging the species limits as per the biological species concept is difficult due to the entirely allopatric distributions of the various groups. There are no major vocal differences between the various populations, but that in itself is not unusual for separate species that do not overlap.
Genetic evidence has to some extent supported the above splits, although with different borders between the species in the northern Andes, and of the above suggested species, data is lacking for "lautus". According to their genetic results, the north Ecuadorian toucanets, which are white-throated and usually included in "albivitta", are closer to the "atrogularis" group than the "true" "albivitta" of Colombia and Venezuela. Assuming this is correct, it seems likely that north Ecuadorian toucanets represent a new taxon, which should be treated as a subspecies of "A. atrogularis". They also found that "griseigularis" was closer to the "atrogularis" group than "albivitta", but unlike the north Ecuadorian toucanets, they opted for treating it as a separate species, the Grey-throated or Plumbeous-throated Toucanet ("A. griseigularis"). In that case, "A. albivitta" is known as the White-throated Toucanet. If "albivitta" and "griseigularis" are treated as separate species, it is unclear where "phaeolaemus" belongs, as genetic data for that taxon is missing. In appearance and distribution "phaeolaemus" is closest to "griseigularis", but, inexplicably, it has been suggested it should be treated as a subspecies of "A. albivitta". In 2011 it was also suggested that "cyanolaemus" should be treated as a subspecies of "A. albivitta", but this was presumably an error, as it directly contradicts genetic data, which place it in "A. atrogularis".
Another potential problem relates to the distribution limit between "A. cognatus" and "A. caeruleogularis" in Panama. Although the reason for this treatment is unclear, the population in central Panama has been placed in "A. caeruleogularis", which would limit "A. cognatus" to extreme eastern Panama and adjacent Colombia. According to George Angehr, author of "The Birds of Panama", it is possible toucanets from central Panama actually are closer to "A. cognatus".
Aviculture.
The Emerald Toucanet is a popular pet toucan. It is affectionate when hand-fed and loves to play and interact with its owner. Emerald Toucanets are as quick to learn tricks as cockatoos. They are active and need a large cage for their size, including perches that they can hop back and forth on. They also require a high-fruit diet, without which they are susceptible to a disease of excessive iron storage that is similar to hemochromatosis in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="2867957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867957" title="Byron Kennedy">
Byron Kennedy

Byron Eric Kennedy (18 August 1949 – 17 July 1983) Born Melbourne was an Australian film producer best known for the Mad Max series of films.
At the age of 18 years, Kennedy formed his own company named "Warlok Films" and produced many amateur short films under this logo.
In 1970, at the age of 21 years he won The Kodak Trophy — Australia's Ten Best on Eight – for the short film "Hobson's Bay", a short documentary film about the Melbourne port suburb of Williamstown.
This award enabled him to travel overseas and gain invaluable knowledge of the international film/television industry. Upon his return he embarked upon a television/film course at the University of NSW where he met George Miller.
The first mini-film made by both was "Violence in the Cinema" filmed in Yarraville, Melbourne. The film won International acclaim and this led to the formation of the new film company "Kennedy Miller" which was incorporated in 1975 with both George Miller and Byron Kennedy as co-directors.
Their first major movie together was the international smash hit "Mad Max". This film set a record for the highest grossing film relative to budget, a record which was only broken with the advent of "The Blair Witch Project".
In 1983, at the age of 33, Kennedy was killed in a helicopter crash at Warragamba Dam in New South Wales, Australia. In his honour, the Australian Film Institute, with George Miller as a panel member, established the Byron Kennedy Award. This award is bestowed upon those whose work is marked by their pursuit of excellence within the film and television industry and sponsored by Kennedy Miller, Warner Bros., Village Roadshow, Greater Union, Cinemedia and Steven Spielberg.
His original production company, Kennedy Miller, is now Kennedy Miller Mitchell Pty Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="2867958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867958" title="As the Music Plays">
As the Music Plays

As The Music Plays is the debut album released by Pinoy rock band Bamboo following the return of Bamboo Mañalac in the Philippine music scene after 5 years of hiatus in the USA. Bamboo immediately gained fame for the track "Noypi" which captivated the hearts of the youth and sparked patriotism in the Philippines. This album contains 10 tracks, with 3 in Tagalog, namely: "Noypi", "Hudas", and "Masaya".
The initial release of the album used a white cover. Later in the same year, Bamboo released a new version with a black cover containing 6 bonus tracks and 3 video clips of "Noypi", "Masaya", and "Mr. Clay".

</doc>
<doc id="2867959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867959" title="Blue-throated toucanet">
Blue-throated toucanet

The Blue-throated Toucanet ("Aulacorhynchus caeruleogularis") is a near-passerine bird living in the mountain forests of Costa Rica and western Panama. While sometimes considered a species based primarily on morphology, most authorities continue to consider it a subspecies of the Emerald Toucanet, in which case the scientific name of the Blue-throated Toucanet is "Aulacorhynchus prasinus caeruleogularis".
Description.
Adult.
As in all toucans, the Blue-throated Toucanet has a large bill. The bill is black with yellow to the upper mandible, and a white band at the base, but, uniquely among the Emerald Toucanet group, with a rufous patch near the base of the upper mandible. Its breast and the rest of its body is mostly light and dark shades of green, except for the throat, which is blue, and the tail-tip and crissum, which are rufous. Both sexes look very alike, but females generally have a smaller bill and overall are smaller in appearance, these bird are born blind and naked.
Immature.
Immature Blue-throated Toucanets are born blind and naked. They do not open their eyes until they are around 25 days old, and they are completely covered in feathers by around 35 days. Most immature Blue-throated Toucanets do not leave their nest until they have reached around 45 days old. When they leave their nest, their bills are alike to their parents in colour and shape, but are not full-grown yet.
Habitat and behaviour.
The Blue-throated Toucanets live in humid mountain forests in Costa Rica and Western Panama. Its natural altitudinal range is from 2,500 ft (762 m) to 7,600 ft (2,316 m) above sea level. It is generally common within its range, but not rated by IUCN, where considered a subspecies of the Emerald Toucanet.
This toucan nests in old woodpecker holes. The nests can be up to 70 ft (21m) above the ground. Each nest contains 2–4 eggs, white in colour. The eggs have about a 15 day incubation period.
The bird mostly consumes fruits and insects, but can also eat other birds' eggs. The call of the Blue-throated Toucanet is a loud and high-pitched (occasionally low-pitched) "rrrip, rrrip, rrrip, rrrip,".

</doc>
<doc id="2867963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867963" title="Lazy Days">
Lazy Days

"Lazy Days" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released in the United Kingdom on 14 July 1997 as the second single from his debut studio album "Life thru a Lens" (1997). The song became a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, but success was limited elsewhere.
A demo version of Lazy Days is included as a B Side on the Millennium CD2 single under the title Lazy Days (Original Version). It has significant differences in the arrangement and lyrics.
Music video.
Williams took a day out of rehab to shoot the video for the song, and he explained it was "a bonkers video, 'cause that's how my head was at the time, I think".
Chart performance.
The song struggled to make the top 40 around Europe. It only spent a week inside the top ten in the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number eight.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Lazy Days".
UK CD1
UK CD2

</doc>
<doc id="2867965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867965" title="Homolka">
Homolka

Homolka is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2867977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867977" title="Old Before I Die">
Old Before I Die

"Old Before I Die" is a 1997 song by Robbie Williams, and the first single to be taken from his debut album, "Life thru a Lens". The Oasis-influenced song became a number two hit in the United Kingdom when it was released in April that year.
The video features Williams performing for the camera with ageing rock stars as his backing band, and some fade-ins by the cameraman. There are also shots of Williams flying through the air.
Music video.
The music video features Williams performing for the camera with ageing rock stars as his backing band, and some fade-ins by the cameraman. There are also shots of Williams flying through the air.
Alejandra Guzmán version.
Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán recorded a cover of the song titled "Quiero Vivir" (I Want to Live), and included it on her tenth studio album, "Soy". The track was produced by Desmond Child who wrote the original version. The single did not chart in Mexico or United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2867987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867987" title="Mirrorball (TV pilot)">
Mirrorball (TV pilot)

Mirrorball was a sitcom pilot in the United Kingdom directed by Adrian Edmondson and written by Jennifer Saunders. It originally aired on 22 December 2000.
All of the main cast members (and several supporting cast members) from the popular series "Absolutely Fabulous" written and produced by Jennifer Saunders were also cast in this show, although the plot and characters were completely different. It was produced as a pilot episode for what Saunders intended to be a new show. "Mirrorball" ended up inspiring Saunders to revive "Absolutely Fabulous" in 2001, and a full series was never produced.
Plot synopsis.
The show centers around Vivienne Keill (Saunders) and Jackie Riviera (Joanna Lumley), two aging stage actresses who live in vertically adjacent flats. The two are of questionable talent, and their careers seem to be at a standstill. During the course of the pilot, Vivienne has the opportunity to be cast in a new show but delivers a horrifying rendition of the standard "Send in the Clowns", thanks in part to Jackie's off-kilter advice.
Julia Sawalha plays Freda Keill, Vivienne's sister and a more serious (and successful) actress. Jane Horrocks plays Yitta Hilberstam, a vicious Icelandic actress/waitress. June Whitfield appears as Dora Vermouth, a former vaudeville actress who spends most of her time intoxicated at the local pub. Harriet Thorpe plays Cat Rogers, an actress who is busy understudying multiple roles.
Availablity.
Mirrorball is available as an "extra" on the DVD edition of "Absolutely Fabulous" series 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2867990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867990" title="Hi-Fi murders">
Hi-Fi murders

The Hi-Fi murders were the brutal killings of three people during an armed robbery at a home audio store called the Hi-Fi Shop in Ogden, Utah, on April 22, 1974. Five people had been held hostage and tortured, but two survived with severe injuries. All were bound and forced to drink Drano (a corrosive drain cleaner). One victim had an inkpen stomped into his ear, and a teenage girl was repeatedly raped before being flung face-down on the floor and shot in the head. The crime became notorious for the violence inflicted against the victims and accusations of racial bias in the Utah judiciary.
Police believed that six men were involved in the crime but only had enough evidence to convict three enlisted United States Air Force airmen, named Dale Selby Pierre, William Andrews, and Keith Roberts. Pierre and Andrews were both sentenced to death for murder and aggravated robbery while Roberts, who had remained in a getaway vehicle, was convicted of robbery.
Robbery.
On April 22, 1974, Pierre, Andrews, Roberts, and three other men drove in two vans to a Hi-Fi store on Washington Boulevard, Ogden, just before closing time. Three of the group then entered the shop brandishing handguns, while Roberts and another man remained with the vehicles. Two employees, Stanley Walker, age 20, and Michelle Ansley, age 18, were in the store at the time and were taken hostage. Pierre and Andrews took the two into the store's basement and bound them. The gang then began robbing the store. Later, a 16-year-old boy named Cortney Naisbitt arrived to thank Walker for allowing him to park his car in the store's parking lot as he ran an errand next door; he was also taken hostage and tied up in the basement with Walker and Ansley. Later that evening, Orren Walker, Stanley's 43-year-old father, became worried that his son had not returned home. Cortney Naisbitt's mother, Carol Naisbitt, also arrived at the shop later that evening looking for her son, who was late getting home. Both Orren Walker and Carol Naisbitt were taken hostage and tied up in the basement.
Murder, torture and rape.
With five people now held hostage in the basement, Pierre told Andrews to get something from their van. Andrews returned with a bottle in a brown paper bag, from which Pierre poured a cup of blue liquid. Pierre ordered Orren to administer the liquid to the other hostages, but he refused, and was bound, gagged, and left face-down on the basement floor.
Pierre and Andrews then propped each of the victims into sitting positions and forced them to drink the liquid, telling them it was vodka laced with sleeping pills. Rather, it was liquid Drano. The moment it touched the hostages' lips, enormous blisters rose, and it began to burn their tongues and throats and peel away the flesh around their mouths. Ansley, still begging for her life, was forced to drink the drain cleaner too, although she was reported (by Orren Walker) to have coughed less than the other victims. Pierre and Andrews tried to duct-tape the hostages' mouths shut to hold quantities of drain cleaner in and to silence their screams, but pus oozing from the blisters prevented the adhesive from sticking. Orren Walker was the last to be given the drain cleaner, but seeing what was happening to the other hostages, he allowed it to pour out of his mouth and then mimicked the convulsions and screams of his son and fellow hostages.
Pierre became angry because the deaths were taking too long and were too loud and messy, so he shot both Carol and Cortney Naisbitt in the backs of their heads, proving fatal for Carol but leaving Cortney alive. Pierre then shot at Orren Walker but missed. He then fatally shot Stanley before again shooting at Orren, this time grazing the back of his head.
Pierre then took Ansley to the far corner of the basement, forced her at gunpoint to remove her clothes, then repeatedly and brutally raped her after telling Andrews to clear out for 30 minutes. When he was done, he allowed her to use the bathroom while he watched, then dragged her, still naked, back to the other hostages, threw her on her face, and fatally shot her in the back of the head.
Andrews and Pierre noted that Orren was still alive, so Pierre mounted him, wrapped a wire around his throat, and tried to strangle him. When this failed, Pierre and Andrews inserted a ballpoint pen into Orren's ear, and Pierre stomped it until it punctured his eardrum, broke, and exited the side of his throat. Pierre and Andrews then went upstairs, finished loading equipment into their van, and departed.
Arrests.
The bodies were discovered almost three hours later, when Orren's wife and other son came to the store looking for them. Orren's son heard noises coming from the basement and broke down the back door while Mrs. Walker called the Ogden police. Stanley Walker and Ansley were already dead; Carol Naisbitt was taken by ambulance to Ogden Regional Medical Center but was pronounced dead on arrival. Cortney, though not expected to live, survived with severe and irreparable brain damage; he was hospitalized for 266 days before being released. Orren Walker survived with extensive burns to his mouth and chin, as well as the damage to his ear caused by the pen.
Hours after news of the crime broke, an anonymous Air Force employee called the Ogden police and told them that Andrews had confided to him months earlier, "One of these days I'm going to rob that Hi-Fi shop, and if anybody gets in the way, I'm going to kill them." Hours later, two teenage boys dumpster diving near Hill Air Force Base, where Pierre and Andrews were stationed, contacted the police after discovering the victims' wallets and purses, recognizing their pictures from the drivers' licenses.
The detective who responded to the scene, believing that the killers might be in the crowd, put on a show for the gathered airmen. Speaking dramatically, he waved each piece of evidence in the air with tongs as he removed it from the dumpster. Later, he noted that most of the service personnel who gathered around the dumpster stood still and watched in relative silence, with the exception of two men, later identified to be Pierre and Andrews, who paced around the crowd, speaking loudly and making frantic gestures with their hands. The detective later received an award from the Utah branch of the Justice Department for his use of proactive techniques.
Based on the two men's reactions to the evidence being removed from the trash bin, and the officer's implication of Andrews, Pierre and Andrews were arrested. A search warrant was then issued for their barracks. Police found fliers for the Hi-Fi Shop and a rental contract for a unit at a public storage facility. Following the issuance of another search warrant, stereo equipment taken from the Hi-Fi Shop, later identified via serial numbers, was recovered from the unit. Also recovered was the half-empty bottle of Drano.
With the collection of the evidence, Pierre and Andrews were charged with first-degree murder and aggravated robbery. Another airman, Keith Roberts, who had waited outside the Hi-Fi Shop in a getaway vehicle, was charged with armed robbery.
Trial.
Pierre, Andrews, and Roberts were tried jointly for first-degree murder and robbery. Pierre and Andrews were convicted of all charges and sentenced to death. Roberts was convicted only of robbery and was sentenced to imprisonment. He was paroled in 1987.
During the trial, it was revealed that Pierre and Andrews had robbed the store with the intention of killing anyone they came across, and in the months prior to the robbery had been looking for a way to commit the murders quietly and cleanly. The two then repeatedly watched the film "Magnum Force", in which a prostitute (played by Margaret Avery) is forced to drink Drano and is then shown immediately dropping dead. Pierre and Andrews decided that this would be an efficient method of murder and decided to use it in their crime.
Survivor Orren Walker was the star witness for the prosecution. Due to his amnesia of the events, Cortney Naisbitt was unable to testify. His father, Dr. Byron Naisbitt, did testify.
Convictions.
The official police report stated that six black men driving two vans committed the robbery. Roberts and another man remained with the cars and two others loaded the vans, while Pierre and Andrews tortured and killed the victims. However, detectives only had enough evidence to convict Pierre, Andrews and Roberts. Ogden Police Department Officer Delroy White, who was a detective when he worked the case, observed: "Andrews was the brains behind the whole deal, the one who organized it [...] Pierre was the enforcer."
Pierre and Andrews became notoriously hated prisoners at Utah State Prison, and were particularly reviled on death row. In 1977, convicted murderer Gary Gilmore (also facing capital punishment) was reported to have said, "I'll see you in Hell, Pierre and Andrews!" as he passed their cells on the way to his execution by firing squad. However the "The Deseret News" reports that Gilmore's parting words to the Hi-Fi killers, moments before his execution were: "Adios, Pierre and Andrews. I'll be seeing you directly."
Appeals.
Following the defendants' receipt of death sentences, the NAACP campaigned to commute Pierre and Andrews' death sentences.
The NAACP demanded that Pierre and Andrews' death sentences should be revoked because they had been unfairly convicted since they were both black, and the victims and jury were all white. Andrews was also quick to accuse the judicial system of racism following the NAACP's request for reduced sentences. In an interview with "USA Today", he claimed that he had never intended to kill anyone. This was later rebutted when detectives cited a statement by Andrews in which he admitted being the one to purchase the drain cleaner and bring it to the store on the night of the killings.
Despite motions by the NAACP and Amnesty International, both death sentences were ultimately upheld. "The Deseret News" reports that Dale Selby Pierre said, to no one in particular, moments before his execution: "I'll be glad when this is over." When asked if he had any final words, he responded, "Thank you. I'm just going to say my prayers."
Victims.
The victims included the following five individuals, three of whom were murdered. Each of the victims were bound, forced to drink liquid Drano, and later shot. Nonetheless, two individuals survived their horrific injuries.
Legacy.
The Hi-Fi murders still rank among the worst crimes ever committed in the state of Utah. The case is now taught to FBI trainees at the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia, and it was included as a sample case in the FBI's "Crime Classification Manual".
The experiences of Cortney Naisbitt and his family became the basis for the 1982 book "" by Gary Kinder.
The Hi-Fi murders were also the basis for the 1991 CBS television movie "Aftermath: A Test of Love", starring Richard Chamberlain and Michael Learned.

</doc>
<doc id="2867992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867992" title="SRH">
SRH

SRH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868000" title="UPV">
UPV

UPV can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868004" title="Q9 input method">
Q9 input method

The Q9 input method (), invented by Qcode Information Technology Ltd. of Hong Kong, is an input method that uses only the number keys on a numeric keypad to input Chinese characters into a digital device. It is considered an easy method to use even though it is a "structural" input method. (Most "structural" methods are considered difficult.) It is used on some mobile phones in Hong Kong. It provides an alternative to Cangjie input method as well, as this utilizes the numeric keypad on personal computers.
However, besides its use for cell phones, the use of this input method on personal computers is limited, due to its proprietary nature and that personal computers do not have Q9 input method pre-installed. Since the speed of the input method relies upon using numeric keypad on PCs, this method is impractical for use on most laptops.
Q9 input method is available as a FEP on Symbian S60 3rd Edition mobile devices.
Basic usage.
The 9 positions of the number pad are shown with 9 Chinese characters and 9 stroke shapes; the first 5 of these stroke shapes are the same as in the Wubihua method, and the others are more elaborate shapes generated according to context (see below). At any time you may choose either a character or a stroke shape from any one of the 9 squares (with mobile phones press 0 to switch between character and stroke shape; with pointing devices you can
point to either one or the other). If the character you want is not available, choose a stroke shape that closest to the character's first stroke (i.e. at the character's top left); the stroke shape in position 5 is a general concept of "other strokes". If the character
is still not available, choose either the character's second stroke shape, or elaborate on the first stroke shape (some stroke shapes cause additional elaborations of themselves to appear in positions 6 to 9). If the character is still not available after this second shape has been entered, the third
stroke shape to enter is that corresponding to the character's last stroke (usually at bottom right). Finally if the character is not listed, then you can press 0 to see another page of similar characters (or you may have entered the wrong stroke shapes). Usually, only
full-form (Traditional) Chinese characters are available on the Q9 method, although some versions allow Simplified characters to be found as well. Additional controls are usually available to reset the input method's state, and to switch to English letters, digits or punctuation.
Problem & Error with Q9 with MAC OS.
You will encounter problems with their Mac OS X Q9 input, particularly if you are using Safari Version 5.x and Firefox Version 4.x. The selection bar for the input method will get "grey out" when you are trying to select it. Problem remains unsolved.
Please refer to video on YouTube. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjSUMiY4sgg
Service and support are relatively slow.
Ways around Q9 and Mac OS Browser.
User older version browser, such as Firefox Version 3.63 or below. Q9 will work normally under that version.
iPhone support on Q9 input.
They also offered a 30 day trial version on the iPhone, although it ended up performing badly. It ate up a lot of resources on your phone, and it operated slowly compared to other Chinese input methods.

</doc>
<doc id="2868006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868006" title="Samudra manthan">
Samudra manthan

In Hinduism, Samudra manthan or Churning of the Ocean of Milk is one of the most famous periods in the Puranas. The story appears in the Bhagavata Purana, the Mahabharata and the Vishnu Purana. In literal terms, this tale is an allegorical description of what transpires during a kundalini awakening process. Kundalini is a latent energy that lays dormant in the spine. Upon awakening, it rises in a sensation akin to a slithering snake, up the spinal column (Meru-danda, represented by Mount Meru in the story).
Lord Indra, the King of Devatas, while riding on an elephant, came across a sage named Durvasa who offered him a special garland. Lord Indra accepted the garland, placing it on the trunk of the elephant as a test to prove that he was not an egoistic God. The elephant, knowing that Lord Indra had no control over his own ego, threw the garland to the ground. This enraged the sage as the garland was a dwelling of Sri (fortune) and was to be treated as prasada. Durvasa Muni cursed Lord Indra and all devas to be bereft of all strength, energy, and fortune.
In battles that followed this incident, Devas were defeated and Asuras (demons) led by king Bali gained control of the universe. Devas sought help from God Vishnu Who advised them to treat asuras in a diplomatic manner. Devas formed an alliance with asuras to jointly churn the ocean for the nectar of immortality and to share it among them. However, Lord Vishnu told Devas that He would arrange that they alone obtain the nectar.
The churning of the Ocean of Milk or the Milky Way was an elaborate process. Mount Mandarachala, also known as Mount Meru, was used as the churning rod, and Vasuki, the king of serpents, who abides on Lord Shiva's neck, became the churning rope. The demons (asuras) demanded to hold the head of the snake, while the demigods (devas), taking advice from Vishnu, agreed to hold its tail. As a result the demons were poisoned by fumes emitted by Vasuki. Despite this, the demigods and demons pulled back and forth on the snake's body alternately, causing the mountain to rotate, which in turn churned the ocean. However, once the mountain was placed on the ocean, it began to sink. Lord Vishnu in His second incarnation, in the form of a turtle Kurma, came to their rescue and supported the mountain on His back.
The Samudra Manthan process released a number of things from the Milk Ocean. One product was the lethal poison known as "Halahal". (In some versions of the story, this poison escaped from the mouth of the serpent king as the demons and gods churned.) This terrified the gods and demons because the poison was so powerful that it could contaminate the Milk Ocean and destroy all of creation. On the advice of Lord Vishnu, the gods approached the compassionate Lord Shiva for help and protection. Lord Shiva inhaled the poison in an act to protect the universe, and Goddess Parvati pressed her hand on shiva's throat to save the universe. As a result, The color of Lord Shiva's neck turned blue. For this reason, Lord Shiva is also called Neelakanta (the blue-throated one; "neela" = "blue", "kantha" = "throat" in Sanskrit).
Halāhal (Hindi हलाहल) or Kalakootam (Sanskrit कालकूटं )
Ratnas.
All kinds of herbs were cast into the ocean and fourteen Ratnas (gems or treasures) were produced from the ocean and were divided between asuras and gods. Though usually the Ratnas are enumerated as 14, the list in the scriptures ranges from 9 to 14 Ratnas. Most lists include: According to the quality of the treasures produced, they were accepted by Vishnu, the devas, and the asuras. There were three categories of Goddesses which emerged from the ocean;
Likewise, three types of supernatural animals appeared;
There were three valuables;
Additionally produced were;
This list varies from Purana to Purana and is also slightly different in the epics, the Ramayana and Mahabharata. Lists are completed by adding the following Ratnas:
Here is a famous chant describing the 14 Ratnas from the Churning of the Milky Ocean.
""Lakshmeeh kaustubhapaarijaatakasuraadhantarischandramaah,"
"Gaavah kaamaduhaa sureswaragajorambhadidevaanganaah,"
"Ashwah saptamukhovisam haridhanuh sankhomrtam chaambudheh,"
"Ratnaaneeha chaturdasa pratidinam kuryaatsadaa mangalam."
The nectar of immortality.
Finally, Dhanvantari, the heavenly physician, emerged with a pot containing "Amrita", the heavenly nectar of immortality. Fierce fighting ensued between Devas and Asuras for the nectar. To protect the nectar from Asuras, the divine Garuda took the pot, and flew away from the battle-scene. While Garuda was in his flight over planet Earth, it is believed that four drops of nectar fell at four places - Prayag (Allahabad), Haridwar, Ujjain and Nasik. This legend is the basis for the belief that these places acquired a certain mystical power and spirituality.A Kumbh Mela is celebrated at the four places every twelve years for this reason.
People believe that after bathing there during the Kumbha mela, one can get the primeval heaven and moksha(Sanskrit:mokṣha).
However, Rahu, one of the Asuras, eventually got hold of the nectar and started celebrating. Frightened, devas (demigods) appealed to Vishnu, who then took the form of Mohini. As a beautiful and enchanting damsel, Mohini distracted the asuras, took the amrita, and distributed it among the Devas, who drank it. Asura RahuKetu, disguised himself as a deva and drank some nectar. Due to their luminous nature, the sun god Surya and the moon god Chandra noticed the switching of sides. They informed Mohini. But before the nectar could pass his throat, Mohini cut off his head with her divine discus, the Sudarshana Chakra.But as the nectar had gone down his throat he did not die. From that day, his head was called Rahu and body was called Ketu. Later Rahu and Ketu became planets. The story ends with the rejuvenated Devas defeating the asuras.
Fictional rendering.
In 2012 Hyderabad based Eva Motion Studios released a story titled "Kamadhenu, Kalpavriksha and Boy (KKB)" or "BoVineBo" (in English) that seeks to give a fictional twist to the presumed 'gaps' in the Sagar Manthan saga. The story was created and written by well-known animation writer Raj Viswanadha (of Chhota Bheem/Chorr Police etc. fame).
Video link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DO7dtSUP8v8

</doc>
<doc id="2868008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868008" title="The Collection (Alanis Morissette album)">
The Collection (Alanis Morissette album)

Alanis Morissette: The Collection is the greatest hits compilation album by Alanis Morissette, released in the United States on 15 November 2005. It comprises material from 1995 to 2005, with some soundtrack selections and a cover of Seal's "Crazy". A limited edition release, which included a DVD, followed on 6 December 2005.
Morissette's singles that are not on the album include "All I Really Want", "Joining You", "Unsent", "So Pure", the live track "King of Pain" (a cover of The Police song), "Precious Illusions", "21 Things I Want In A Lover", "Flinch", the American single "Utopia" and the European single "Out Is Through". Additionally, none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records's Canada imprint are present.
As of March 2012, the album has sold 401,000 copies in the United States and more than 1,000,000 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2868014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868014" title="Bag tag">
Bag tag

Bag tags, also known as baggage tags, baggage checks or luggage tickets, have traditionally been used by bus, train and airline companies to route passenger luggage that is checked on to the final destination. The passenger stub is typically handed to the passenger or attached to the ticket envelope: a) to aid the passenger in identifying their bag among similar bags at the destination baggage carousel; b) as proof—still requested at a few airports—that the passenger is not removing someone else's bag from the baggage reclaim hall; c) as a means for the passenger and carrier to identify and trace a specific bag that has gone astray and was not delivered at the destination.
The carriers' liability is restricted to published tariffs and international agreements.
History.
Invention.
The first "separable coupon ticket" was patented by John Michael Lyons of Moncton, New Brunswick on June 5, 1882. The ticket showed the issuing station, the destination and a consecutive number for reference. The lower half of the ticket was given to the passenger, while the upper half, with a hole at the top, was inserted into a brass sleeve and then attached to the baggage by a strap.
At some point, reinforced paper tags were introduced. They are designed to not detach as easily as older tags during transport.
Warsaw Convention.
The Warsaw Convention of 1929, specifically article 4, established the criteria for issuing a "baggage check" or "luggage ticket". This agreement also established limit of liability on checked baggage.
Previous bag tags.
Prior to the 1990s, airline bag tags consisted of a paper tag attached with a string.
The tag contained basic information:
These tags became obsolete as they offered little security and were easy to replicate.
Current bag tags.
Current bag tags include a bar code. These bag tags are printed using thermal or barcode printers that print on an adhesive paper stock. This printed strip is then attached to the luggage at check in. This allows for automated sorting of the bags to reduce the number of misrouted, misplaced or delayed bags. The limitations of this technology was apparent at Denver International Airport when a fully automated cart-based system significantly delayed the airport's opening. United Airlines announced in August 2005 that the cart-based system at Denver was to be scrapped. While the inability to reliably read all bar-coded tags in the Denver installation was a part of the problem, it was one of several technical reasons for the delayed opening. Nevertheless, automated sorting of baggage using laser scanner arrays, known as automatic tag readers, to read bar-coded bag tags is standard at major airports.
For flights departing from an international airport within the European Union, bag tags are issued with green edges. Passengers are eligible to take these bags through a separate "Blue Channel" at Customs.
Bar codes can not be automatically scanned without direct sight and undamaged print. Forced by reading problems with poorly-printed, obscured, crumpled, scored or otherwise damaged bar codes, some airlines have started using radio-frequency identification (RFID) chips embedded in the tags. In the US, McCarran International Airport has installed an RFID system throughout the airport. Hong Kong International Airport has also installed an RFID system. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) is trying to standardize RFID bag tags. There is a somewhat higher probability of reading RFID tags automatically. Physically, however, RFID tags are not more robust than barcode tags.
British Airways are currently trialling the use of re-usable electronic luggage tags featuring electronic paper technology. The passenger has to check-in using the British Airways smartphone app, then the passenger holds their phone close the tag and it will transmit the flight details and barcode to the tag using NFC technology. As the tag utilises electronic paper, the battery only has to power the tag when the passenger is sending the data to the tag. 
Qantas introduced Q Bag Tags in 2011. Unlike the British Airways tags, they do not feature a screen which means there is no barcode to scan. This has limited the use of the tags to domestic flights within Australia on the Qantas network. The tags were initially given free of charge to members of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program with Silver, Gold or Platinum status. The tags can also be purchased for A$29.95.
Identification.
The term "license plate" is the official term used by the IATA, the airlines, and the airports for the 10-digit numeric code on a bag tag issued by a carrier or handling agent at check-in. The license plate is printed on the carrier tag in bar code form and in human-readable form, as defined in Resolution 740 in the "IATA Passenger Services Conference Resolutions Manual" (published annually by IATA). Each digit in a license plate has a specific meaning. Contrary to popular belief, the flight number is not encoded in the license plate on the carrier tag. The license plate is an index number linking a bag to a Baggage Source Message (BSM) sent by a carrier's departure control system to an airport's baggage handling system. It is the message that contains the flight details and passenger information, thus enabling an automated baggage handling system to sort a bag automatically once it has scanned the bar code on the carrier tag. Thus these two things are essential for automated sorting of baggage. Note that the human-readable license plate may contain a 2-character IATA carrier code instead of an IATA 3-digit carrier code. For example, BA728359 instead of 0125728359, but the bar code will always be the full 10 digits (0125728359 in the example - 125 and BA being, respectively, the IATA 3-digit code and IATA 2-character code for British Airways). The first digit of a 10-digit license plate is not part of the carrier code. It can be in the range 0 to 9: 0 for interline or online tags, 1 for fallback tags (pre-printed or demand-printed tags only for use by the local baggage handling system if it cannot receive BSMs from a carrier's departure control system due to a fault in the latter or in communication between it and the baggage handling system, as defined in IATA Recommended Practice 1740b) and 2 for Rush tags. The purpose of numbers in the range 3 to 9 as the first digit of the 10-digit license plate is undefined by IATA but can be used by each carrier for its specific needs (commonly used as a million indicator for the normal 6-digit tag number). (SOURCE: IATA Passenger Services Conference Resolutions Manual (PSCRM), 33rd Edition, Resolution 740, section 5.1.2; however, this source does not speak to how airlines commonly use that digit. It just says that values 3 through 9 are for "interline and on-line use".)
Besides the license plate number, the tag also has:

</doc>
<doc id="2868020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868020" title="The Clock Maker">
The Clock Maker

The Clock Maker is an American comic book published by Image Comics starting in January 2003. The comic was written by Jim Krueger and pencilled by Matt Smith (Act I) and Jason Baroody (Act II).
The title was launched during a new superhero comics initiative at Image. The story is about a giant clockworks hidden within a hollow mountain in Switzerland. Hundreds of men that never age maintain the old behemoth's operation. The clock is the cause and sustainer of the Earth's revolutions—and more, it is the gateway to Heaven itself.
The first four issues were published as double-sized editions with a 1:1 reproduction ratio, meaning the original art was not resized when it was published. The books were folded in half to fit on standard news racks, and in the current sized protective polymer bags. The back cover of the fourth issue advertised a fifth, coming in June 2003, however that issue was never published.
Act II was never printed in the serial format, but only as a 48-page graphic novel (ISBN 1-58240-377-5) in 2004. Act three was intended to be published in the same manner, but, to this date, has never surfaced. Krueger maintains that the book will be out “in the near future” and that a collection will also be forthcoming.

</doc>
<doc id="2868021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868021" title="Geelong Advertiser">
Geelong Advertiser

The Geelong Advertiser is a daily newspaper servicing Geelong, Victoria, Australia, the Bellarine Peninsula and surrounding areas. The Geelong Advertiser is the oldest newspaper title in Victoria and the second oldest in Australia, and was first published on 21 November 1840. The newspaper is currently owned by News Limited. It is the Pacific Area Newspaper Publishers Association 2009 Newspaper of the Year (circulation 25,000 to 90,000).
History.
The Geelong Advertiser was initially edited by James Harrison, a Scots emigrant, who had arrived in Sydney in 1837 to set up a printing press for the English company Tegg & Co.
Moving to Melbourne in 1839 he found employment with John Pascoe Fawkner as a compositor and later editor on Fawkner's "Port Phillip Patriot". When Fawkner acquired a new press Harrison offered him 30 pounds for the original old press to start Geelong's first newspaper. The first weekly edition of the "Geelong Advertiser" appeared on Saturday 21 November 1840: edited by 'James Harrison and printed and published for John Pascoe Fawkner (sole proprietor) by William Watkins...' . 
Its first editorial offered the following dog:
By November 1842 Harrison became sole owner. For the first seven years the paper was printed in demi-folio size before changing to broadsheet. In 1858 the newspaper retired the original wooden press and adopted new typography and was printed by mechanised steam printing.
The newspaper did not feature actual news on the front page until 21 June 1924, coinciding with the inauguration of a new printing press. Before this time the front page was filled with classified advertisements. Trials of a tabloid size paper were trialled during 2000, when a Sunday edition was printed for the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. The large broadsheet paper size was used until 2001, when the newspaper changed to the tabloid size which has been used since.

</doc>
<doc id="2868022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868022" title="William Andrews">
William Andrews


</doc>
<doc id="2868029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868029" title="Gustavo Adrián López">
Gustavo Adrián López

Gustavo Adrián López Pablo (born 13 April 1973) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a left winger.
He spent the vast majority of his professional career in Spain, amassing La Liga totals of 310 games and 33 goals over the course of 11 seasons (13 in the country overall), in representation of Zaragoza and Celta. He started his career with Independiente.
An Argentine international for nine years, López represented the nation at the 2002 World Cup and two Copa América tournaments.
Club career.
Early years / Zaragoza.
Born in Valentín Alsina, Buenos Aires, López began his career with local Club Atlético Independiente in 1991. He won four major titles with the club during his spell, all arriving in his last years.
In January 1996 López moved to Spain with Real Zaragoza, for a club record 420 million pesetas, making his La Liga debut on the 7th in a 1–1 home draw against Rayo Vallecano. He scored five goals in 32 games in his third full season, helping the Aragonese to the ninth position in the table; during most of his stint with the club, he partnered countryman Kily González.
Celta.
López rejoined former Zaragoza manager Víctor Fernández at Celta de Vigo in the 1999 summer, and quickly became an essential first-team unit. He netted twice in five appearances in the 2000–01 edition of the Copa del Rey, helping the side to the final against his former club (1–3 loss in Seville), then contributed with 33 matches (29 starts, 2.232 minutes of action) in the 2002–03 campaign as the Galicians finished fourth and qualified for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in their history.
At the end of 2006–07, after having suffered his second relegation with Celta and having already renewed his contract twice by reducing his wages, 34-year-old López decided to leave the club, amassing official totals of 292 games and 29 goals. He retired at the end of the following season, also dropping down a level with Cádiz CF, in Segunda División, then worked as commentator for Canal+ on their coverage of the Argentine Primera División, as well as running training camps for children.
International career.
López gained 32 caps for Argentina and scored four goals, making his debut against Romania in December 1994. He represented the country at the 1997 and 1999 Copa América tournaments, being an unused squad member at the ill-fated 2002 FIFA World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
Additionally, López helped the under-23 side win the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, scoring in the 3–1 group stage win against the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2868034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868034" title="Madonna di Loreto">
Madonna di Loreto

Madonna di Loreto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868039" title="List of colleges in Haiti">
List of colleges in Haiti

This is a list of colleges in Haiti.
Schools.
This is a list of primary and secondary schools in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="2868044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868044" title="Jessica Rakoczy">
Jessica Rakoczy

Jessica Rakoczy (born April 14, 1977) is a professional boxer and professional mixed martial arts fighter from Hamilton, Ontario. As of January 17, 2014, she is #15 in official UFC women's bantamweight rankings.
Boxing career.
Rakoczy made her professional boxing debut in October 2000. She has earned a record of 33 wins against 3 losses, with one no contest.
She is as a 3 time WIBA World Champion and 2 time former WBC Lightweight Champion. She recently won the vacant WIBA Women's International Boxing Association super bantamweight title with a win against Ada Velez on 2013-01-24 122.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Rakoczy made her professional MMA debut in October 2009. In five fights, she amassed a record of 1 win, 3 losses and one no contest.
The Ultimate Fighter.
In August 2013, it was announced that Rakoczy was one of the fighters selected to be on .
Rakoczy faced Revelina Berto in the elimination fight to get into the house. Despite both women being boxers, the majority of the fight was contested on the ground, where Rakoczy won via an armbar submission in the second round.
During her first tournament fight in the house, Rakoczy faced veteran Roxanne Modafferi. After losing the first round with it mostly being contested on the ground and struggling for takedowns, Rakoczy landed multiple punches on the feet in the second round. After several heavy blows landed and a powerslam against Modafferi's armbar attempt Rakoczy won via TKO.
In the semifinals, Rakoczy faced Raquel Pennington and won the fight via unanimous decision after three rounds.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Rakoczy faced Julianna Peña in the finals on November 30, 2013 at . She lost the bout via TKO in the final seconds of the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="2868052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868052" title="Shin-Aomori Station">
Shin-Aomori Station

Lines.
Shin-Aomori Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 480.6 km from the southern terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. From 4 December 2010, it became the northern terminus of the Tōhoku Shinkansen.
Station layout.
The conventional Ōu Main Line has a single island platform, serving two tracks. In addition to regular Ōu Main Line trains, the station serves two round-trips per day of regular Aoimori Railway trains, as well two round-trips of the irregular "Resort Asunaro" (direct to Noheji and the Ōminato Line). With the opening of the Tōhoku Shinkansen extension on 4 December 2010, it is also the southern terminus of "Hakuchō" service to Hakodate via the Tsugaru Kaikyō Line.
The Shinkansen station, opened on 4 December 2010, consists of two island platforms serving four tracks. The platforms are 263 meters long and capable of handling 10-car trains.
Previously, Shin-Aomori Station was an unmanned station consisting of a single side platform for bi-directional traffic.
History.
Shin-Aomori Station opened on 1 November 1986 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. Work on a new station building began in July 2007, and was completed in 2010 ahead of the opening of the Tohoku Shinkansen extension on 4 December.
Future developments.
Plans exist to continue the line to as part of the Hokkaido Shinkansen by 2015.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 1,083 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="2868056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868056" title="CCTV International French">
CCTV International French

CCTV International French formerly CCTV-F is a French language entertainment and news channel of China Central Television (CCTV) originating in the People's Republic of China, and are part of the Chinese Government's information ministry.
The channels cater to an international audience, with programmes containing French subtitles. There are also news programmes featuring French-language reporters. These programmes provide both Chinese and international news coverage.
Most programmes on CCTV-F are 30 minutes long. They feature a variety of content, including news programmes, educational programmes, and Chinese soap operas.
There are also programmes offering tourism advice and showcasing new Chinese artists.
CCTV-F launched on October 1, 2007, replacing "CCTV E&F", a bi-lingual channel in both Spanish and French, three years after its launch on October 1, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2868060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868060" title="Baggage carousel">
Baggage carousel

A baggage carousel is a device, generally at an airport, that delivers checked luggage to the passengers at the baggage claim area at their final destination. Not all airports use these devices. Airports that do not have carousels generally deliver baggage by placing it on the floor or sliding it through an opening in a wall.
Operation.
Bags are placed by the airline employees on some type of conveyor belt out of sight of the passengers. 
In a single-level system, the belt will deliver bags into the terminal from an opening in the wall. The belt generally runs along the wall for a short distance and then turns into the terminal forming a long oval that allows many passengers to access the belt. The belt continues back to the loading area through a second opening in the wall.
In a multi-level system, the bags are generally loaded from above or below the carousel and then delivered onto a moving oval-shaped carousel. It is common for this type of system to have two delivery belts, increasing the speed with which bags can be delivered to the passenger level.
There is also a variety of carousel that is a combination of the two systems. These occur mainly in Europe. Bags are loaded from an upper level and end up on a revolving oval, as is normal. However, the very back portion of the oval, in this case, runs in and out of the wall, so it can be accessed by baggage handlers.
Exceptions.
As a general rule, the following types of checked baggage are not placed on a baggage carousel:
These items are delivered in many ways including:

</doc>
<doc id="2868062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868062" title="Light Peace Love">
Light Peace Love

Light Peace Love is the second album of the Filipino rock band Bamboo. The song "Hallelujah" was released some time before the actual release of the album, becoming an instant hit. It is the only Tagalog track in the album, and with its "never give up" theme, the track became a fast favorite and rocked the daily radio charts for several weeks.
"Light Peace Love" is different in style from Bamboo's previous release, As The Music Plays. The group experiments with several new styles that may please new listeners, at the risk of disappointing fans of the more conventional rock of their first album. In addition to rock, Bamboo has incorporated elements of rap or scat-style singing, and a gospel music theme inhabits one track ("Alpha Beta Omega").
It is said that the production of "Light Peace Love" was rushed throughout the summer of 2005, resulting in the short track count and several reused lines on some songs. Despite this, many of the songs on the album are longer than average, resulting in an album clocking in at nearly forty-five minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="2868065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868065" title="Skor">
Skor

Skor is a candy bar produced by The Hershey Company. It was first marketed in the United States in 1981 and later launched in Canada in 1983 under the name of "Rutnam". It was originally intended as the competition for the Heath bar produced by the Heath Company and, later, the Leaf Candy Company. Despite Hershey's acquisition of Leaf, Inc., in 1996 and subsequent production of the Heath bar under the Hershey name, the company continues to market the Skor bar. 
The bar consists of a thin slab of butter toffee covered in a milk chocolate coating. It is similar in style to a Daim bar. Skor is available from retail stores as a single or king size wrapped candy bar in a 1.4 oz (39 gram) portion.

</doc>
<doc id="2868077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868077" title="Tsugaru-Shinjō Station">
Tsugaru-Shinjō Station

History.
Tsugaru-Shinjō Station was opened on December 1, 1894 as on the Japanese Government Railway, the predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR). It took its present name on September 11, 1915. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Tsugaru-Shinjō Station has one side platform and one island platform serving three tracks. The station is attended only during daylight hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2868081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868081" title="Left, Right &amp; Center">
Left, Right &amp; Center

Left, Right, & Center is a weekly half-hour public radio program that provides a "civilized yet provocative antidote to the screaming talking heads that dominate political debate". The show's regular co-hosts are:
Until his death in 2012, Tony Blankley, editorial page editor of the "Washington Times" represented the right. 
After Blankley's death, various conservative writers and pundits have appeared as guests to represent a conservative viewpoint. Conservative columnist David Frum has made numerous appearances to fill this role.
The show is recorded each Friday, produced by KCRW in Santa Monica, California by Sarah Spitz, although hosts typically contribute over ISDN telephone lines from wherever they happen to be. After covering the week's events, each host gets a short period of time to "rant" about whatever they like without fear of rebuttal.
The broadcast is bookended by theme music "Let's Call the Whole Thing Off", sung by Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong.

</doc>
<doc id="2868086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868086" title="Helenio Herrera">
Helenio Herrera

Helenio Herrera Gavilán (; 10 April 1910 – 9 November 1997) was an Argentine football player and manager. He is best remembered for his tremendous success with the 1960s Inter Milan team known as Grande Inter.
Herrera was born in Argentina to Spanish immigrant parents who had left Spain for political reasons; his father was a well-known anarchist who had fought against Franco.
During his managerial career, Herrera won 4 La Liga titles in Spain (with Atlético Madrid and Barcelona) and 3 Serie A titles in Italy with Inter. He also guided Inter to European glory, winning 2 European Cups, among other honours.
Herrera was arguably the first manager to collect credit for his teams' performances, in the process becoming a superstar in the world of football. Up to that time managers were more marginal figures in a team. All teams throughout Europe were known for their headline-grabbing individual players, e.g. "Di Stéfano's Real Madrid", whereas Inter during the 1960s is still referred to as "Herrera's Inter".
Playing career.
Playing as a defender, in 1932 he earned a transfer from RC Casablanca to mainland France – CASG Paris. Before World War II, Herrera (or "H.H." as he was known) played in Stade Français, FCO Charleville (where he was called up for the national team twice) and Excelsior Roubaix. During the war, he played for five years more in Red Star Paris, Stade Français, EF Paris-Capitale and Puteaux, where he started his managing career in 1944 as a player-manager. He retired in 1945, and while his playing career was very short of notable successes, his managing career, coinciding with the early beginnings of UEFA competitions, had a marked effect on the game's tactical definitions.
Managing career.
After his first season in Puteaux, Herrera rejoined Stade Français for a third time now as manager. After three seasons with no trophies collected, the club's president opted to sell the club. Herrera moved to Spain, where he spent the next six years with Real Valladolid, Atlético Madrid, where he won the championship in 1950 and 1951, CD Málaga, Deportivo de La Coruña and Sevilla FC, before entering a two-year tenure with Lisbon side CF Os Belenenses. Later returning to Spain, he managed giants FC Barcelona, but several problems, including disagreements between him and star player Ladislao Kubala forced him to leave the club in 1960.
He immediately emigrated to Italy and signed with Internazionale, winning two European Champions Cup in his stay with the club, where he modified a 5–3–2 tactic known as the "Verrou" (door bolt) to include larger flexibility for counter-attacks – and the "Catenaccio" was born. During this time he was also coaching Spain (between 1959 and 1962) and Italy (1966–67).
In 1968, Herrera moved to AS Roma where he became the highest paid manager in the world with a contract worth an estimated £150,000 per year. He won the Coppa Italia in his first season but relations with club president Alvaro Marchini had already soured over the tragic death of his centre-forward Giuliano Taccola in the team dressing room at an away game against Cagliari. The following season, 1969–70, erratic results in the League gave Marchini the excuse to sack him.
He returned to management for a one year stint with Inter for the 1973–74 season. Herrera then suffered a heart attack, did not want to coach full-time anymore and retired in Venice where he lived the rest of his life. While inactive between 1974 and 1978, Herrera returned briefly during the end of the decade, managing Rimini Calcio and finally ending his career with a return to FC Barcelona for two half seasons in 1980 and 1981.
Influence.
He pioneered the use of psychological motivating skills – his pep-talk phrases are still quoted today, e.g. "he who doesn't give it all, gives nothing", "with 10 our team plays better than with 11" (after his team had to face the second half of a game with only 10 players on the field) and "Class + Preparation + Intelligence + Athleticism = Championships. These slogans were often plastered on billboards around the ground and chanted by players during training sessions.
He also enforced a strict discipline code, for the first time forbidding players to drink or smoke and controlling their diet – once in Inter he suspended a player after telling the press ""we came to play in Rome"" instead of ""we came to win in Rome"". He also sent club personnel to players' homes during the week to perform '"bed-checks". He introduced the "ritiro", a pre-match remote country hotel retreat that started with the collection of players on Thursday to prepare for a Sunday game.
He was also one of the first managers to call on the support of the "12th player" – the spectators. While indirectly, this led to the appearance of the first "Ultras" movements in the late 60s. While defensive in nature, his understanding of the Catenaccio was slightly different from that practised by other Italian teams and the original "Verrou", as he often used the full backs (particularly Giacinto Facchetti) as halfbacks (defensively supported by the libero) to launch faster counter-attacks, a staple of Italian tactics – yet, he never denied the heart of his team relied on defence.
In 2004 Herrera's surviving widow Fiora Gandolfi released a book called Tacalabala. In it was collected sayings, sketches and notes from Herrera's notebooks and journals.
Trivia.
Helenio Herrera was nicknamed "il Mago" (the Wizard) and "H.H." (from the initials of his name) by Italian sports journalists (who recognized him as one of the finest coaches in Italian football history) because on occasion he would provocatively announce the results of Sunday's games and often his prediction turned out to be correct. He is unrelated with the less famous Heriberto Herrera, another football coach who directed Juventus and Inter in the same years.

</doc>
<doc id="2868092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868092" title="Tsurugasaka Station">
Tsurugasaka Station

History.
Tsurugasaka Station was opened on November 15, 1929 as the Tsurugasaka Signal. It was upgraded to a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR) on January 20, 1933. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the operational control of JR East. A new station building was completed in July 2007.
Station layout.
Tsurugasaka Station has two opposed side platforms connected to the station building by an overpass. The station is attended only during daylight hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2868094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868094" title="Sumida River">
Sumida River

The is a river which flows through Tokyo, Japan. It branches from the Arakawa River at Iwabuchi and flows into Tokyo Bay. Its tributaries include the Kanda and Shakujii rivers.
What is now known as the "Sumida River" was previously the path of the Ara-kawa, however towards the end of the Meiji era work was carried out to divert the main flow of the Ara-kawa to prevent flooding.
It passes through the following wards of Tokyo:
Culture.
The "Noh" play "Sumida-gawa", which the British composer Benjamin Britten saw while visiting Japan in 1956, inspired him to compose "Curlew River" (1964), a dramatic work based on the story.
The kabuki play, "Sumida-gawa — Gonichi no Omokage", is perhaps better known by the title "Hokaibo", which is the name of the central character. This stage drama was written by Nakawa Shimesuke, and it was first produced in Osaka in 1784. The play continues to be included in kabuki repertoire in Japan; and it is also performed in the West. It was recreated by the Heisei Nakamura-za in the Lincoln Center Festival in New York in the summer of 2007, with Nakamura Kanzaburō XVIII leading the cast.
The Sumida River Fireworks, which are recognized as one of the oldest and most famous firework displays in Japan, are launched from barges across the river, between Ryōgoku and Asakusa during Summer, a festival is also held at the same time.
Literature.
The poet Matsuo Bashō lived by the Sumida River, alongside the famous banana tree (Japanese: bashō) from which he takes his nom de plume.
The Sumida River appears in a haiku by Issa from 1820:
"spring peace--a mouse licking upSumida River"
Sumida bridges.
The Sumida runs through Tokyo for 27 kilometers, under 26 bridges spaced at about one bridge per kilometer. Amongst these, the principal ones are:

</doc>
<doc id="2868103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868103" title="Kedah danio">
Kedah danio

The Kedah danio ("Danio tweediei") is a color morph of the fish species pearl danio. It is a tropical fish belonging to the "Danio" genus of thr family Cyprinidae. Originating from Southeast Asia in southern Thailand, Kedah, and Sumatra, this fish is rarely found in the fish-keeping hobby, usually accidentally mixed with the pearl danio. 
The fish is similar to "D. albolineatus", but is easily distinguished from it by virtue of its markings. It has a prominent, almost luminous, brilliant orange line from the tail to below the dorsal, which in some specimens extends almost to the gills. Below this is a steel- or powder-blue line. Above the main orange line is a further fainter blue line which diminidhes below the dorsal and below the main blue line a further faint orange line which, again, usually expires under the dorsal. In some specimens, a faint mottle of blue and orange spots is visible on the chest below the orange and blue lines. In the female, the main orange line often has a slight kink below the dorsal.
When in sunlight, the Kedah danio shines in steel blue and purple and can be (and frequently has been) mistaken for "Danio kerri", but it lacks the broad blue band, more yellow coloration, and deeper body of "D. kerri".
It was described by Dr Martin Brittan in 1956 and named after Dr Tweedie, Director of the Raffles Museum and Library, Singapore. Subsequently, it was deemed to be a synonym of "Danio albolineatus", a status which may or may not become permanent. 
The Kedah danio is a peaceful, active, schooling fish that is usually kept in groups. They prefer a well-planted environment, but still need plenty of space to school. Kedah danios prefer water with a 6.5 to 7.0 pH, a hardness of 8 to 12 dGH, and a temperature range of 70 to 77°F (21 to 25°C).
Kedah danios are egg-scatterers that spawn over a coarse gravel bed (marbles or java moss are often used by hobbyists). They will typically spawn at the first light of day. The eggs will hatch in about 36 to 48 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2868113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868113" title="Bryophyllum">
Bryophyllum

"Bryophyllum" (from the Greek "bryon/bryein" = sprout, "phyllon" = leaf) is a plant genus of the Crassulaceae family that has sometimes been included within the genus "Kalanchoe". There are about forty species in the group, native originally of South Africa, Madagascar, and Asia. The group is notable for vegetatively growing small plantlets on the fringes of the leaves; these eventually drop off and root. These plantlets arise from mitosis of meristematic-type tissue in notches in the leaves.
Nowadays, bryophyllums are naturalised in many parts of the tropics, and deliberately cultivated for their attractiveness or for their interesting reproduction.
Toxicity.
Several species of "Kalanchoe" are economically important for causing cardiotoxic effects in sheep and cattle, and diseases affecting the nervous system and muscles known as "krimpsiekte" ("shrinking disease") or as cotyledonosis. "Bryophyllum pinnatum" may have similar chemical components, bufadienolide alkaloids.
There are many hybrids within "Bryophyllum", and also hybrids with "Kalanchoe" such as "Kalanchoe" × "crenatodaigremontiana" ("B. laxiflorum" (as the synonym "B. crenatum") × "K. daigremontiana") or Houghton's Hybrid ("K. daigremontianum" × "B. delagoense").
Selected species.
The three most commonly cultivated species are:
Some other species in this section are:
Uses.
Treats sores on the body.

</doc>
<doc id="2868114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868114" title="Nicholas Kao Se Tseien">
Nicholas Kao Se Tseien

Nicholas Kao Se Tseien, (; January 15, 1897? – December 11, 2007) was a Chinese Catholic priest living in Hong Kong who was both the oldest Catholic priest in modern times and the oldest ever person to have had a cataract operation. 
In 2007, he celebrated his claimed 110th birthday, and, in doing so, he reached supercentenarian status. If his age had been verified he would have been, from October 13, 2007 until his death, the second-oldest man in Asia and the seventh-oldest man in the world. However, his age has never been verified by an independent international authority on longevity, such as the Gerontology Research Group.
Born in Fuzhou, Fujian province, Kao, one of four brothers, converted to Roman Catholicism at age 18 while attending a school run by Spanish Dominican friars. Although trained as a teacher and studying law at night, he ultimately decided to become a priest.
His clerical life brought him from China to Taiwan, Malaysia and, finally, Hong Kong. He was a priest in Our Lady of Joy Abbey (Trappist Haven Monastery) on Lantau Island for more than 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2868120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868120" title="Morse homology">
Morse homology

In mathematics, specifically in the field of differential topology, Morse homology is a homology theory defined for any smooth manifold. It is constructed using the smooth structure and an auxiliary metric on the manifold, but turns out to be topologically invariant, and is in fact isomorphic to singular homology. Morse homology also serves as a model for the various infinite-dimensional generalizations known as Floer homology theories.
Formal definition.
Given any (compact) smooth manifold, let "f" be a Morse function and "g" a Riemannian metric on the manifold. (These are auxiliary; in the end, the Morse homology depends on neither.) The pair ("f", "g") gives us a gradient vector field. We say that ("f", "g") is Morse–Smale if the stable and unstable manifolds associated to all of the critical points of "f" intersect each other transversely.
For any such ("f", "g"), it can be shown that the difference in index between any two critical points is equal to the dimension of the moduli space of gradient flows between those points. Thus there is a one-dimensional moduli space of flows between a critical point of index "i" and one of index "i" − 1. Each flow can be reparametrized by a one-dimensional translation in the domain. After modding out by these reparametrizations, the quotient space is zero-dimensional — that is, a collection of oriented points representing unparametrized flow lines.
A chain complex formula_1 may then be defined as follows. The set of chains is the Z-module generated by the critical points. The differential "d" of the complex sends a critical point "p" of index "i" to a sum of index-("i" − 1) critical points, with coefficients corresponding to the (signed) number of unparametrized flow lines from "p" to those index-("i" − 1) critical points. The fact that the number of such flow lines is finite follows from the compactness of the moduli space.
The fact that this defines a complex (that is, that "d"2 = 0) follows from an understanding of how the moduli spaces of gradient flows compactify. Namely, in "d"2 "p" the coefficient of an index-("i" − 2) critical point "q" is the (signed) number of "broken flows" consisting of an index-1 flow from "p" to some critical point "r" of index "i" − 1 and another index-1 flow from "r" to "q". These broken flows exactly constitute the boundary of the moduli space of index-2 flows: The limit of any sequence of unbroken index-2 flows can be shown to be of this form, and all such broken flows arise as limits of unbroken index-2 flows. Unparametrized index-2 flows come in one-dimensional families, which compactify to compact one-manifolds. The fact that the boundary of a compact one-manifold is always zero proves that "d"2 "p" = 0.
Invariance of Morse homology.
It can be shown that the homology of this complex is independent of the Morse–Smale pair ("f", "g") used to define it. A homotopy of pairs ("ft", "gt") that interpolates between any two given pairs ("f"0, "g"0) and ("f"1, "g"1) may always be defined. Either through bifurcation analysis or by using a continuation map to define a chain map from formula_2 to formula_3, it can be shown that the two Morse homologies are isomorphic. Analogous arguments using a homotopy of homotopies shows that this isomorphism is canonical.
Another approach to proving the invariance of Morse homology is to relate it directly to singular homology. One can define a map to singular homology by sending a critical point to the singular chain associated to the unstable manifold associated to that point; inversely, a singular chain is sent to the limiting critical points reached by flowing the chain using the gradient vector field. The cleanest way to do this rigorously is to use the theory of currents.
The isomorphism with singular homology can also be proved by demonstrating an isomorphism with cellular homology, by viewing an unstable manifold associated to a critical point of index "i" as an "i"-cell, and showing that the boundary maps in the Morse and cellular complexes correspond.
Related constructions.
This approach to Morse theory was known in some form to René Thom and Stephen Smale. It is also implicit in John Milnor's book on the h-cobordism theorem.
From the fact that the Morse homology is isomorphic to the singular homology, the Morse inequalities follow by considering the number of generators — that is, critical points — necessary to generate the homology groups of the appropriate ranks (and by considering truncations of the Morse complex, to get the stronger inequalities). The existence of Morse homology "explains", in the sense of categorification, the Morse inequalities.
Edward Witten came up with a related construction in the early 1980s sometimes known as Morse–Witten theory.
Morse homology can be extended to finite-dimensional non-compact or infinite-dimensional manifolds where the index remains finite, the metric is complete and the function satisfies the Palais–Smale compactness condition, such as the energy functional for geodesics on a Riemannian manifold. The generalization to situations in which both index and coindex are infinite, but the relative index of any pair of critical points is finite, is known as Floer homology.
Sergei Novikov generalized this construction to a homology theory associated to a closed one-form on a manifold. Morse homology is a special case for the one-form "df". A special case of Novikov's theory is circle-valued Morse theory, which Michael Hutchings and Yi-Jen Lee have connected to Reidemeister torsion and Seiberg–Witten theory.
Morse–Bott homology.
Morse homology can be carried out in the Morse–Bott setting, i.e. when instead of isolated nondegenerate critical points, a function has critical manifolds whose tangent space at a point coincides with the kernel of the Hessian at the point. This situation will always occur, if the function considered is invariant w.r.t a non-discrete Lie group.
To describe the resulting chain complex and its homology, introduce a generic Morse function on each critical submanifold. Chains will consist of paths that begin in a critical manifold at a critical point of the auxiliary Morse function, following a gradient trajectory with respect to some metric, and then leave the submanifold to follow the gradient vector field of the Morse–Bott function until it hits some other critical manifold; it either flows for a while along a gradient trajectory associated to the Morse function on that critical submanifold and then flows to another critical submanifold, etc., or flows to a critical point in the original submanifold and terminates. See (Frauenfelder). This approach to Morse–Bott homology appeared in the context of unpublished work for contact homology by Bourgeois, in which the critical submanifolds are the sets of Reeb orbits, and the gradient flows between the critical submanifolds are pseudoholomorphic curves in the symplectization of a contact manifold asymptotic to Reeb orbits in the relevant critical manifolds of Reeb orbits.
If we extend each Morse function to a function on the entire manifold supported near the critical submanifolds, we can explicitly write down a Morse–Smale function that perturbs the original Morse–Bott function. Namely, multiply each of the extended functions by some small positive constant, sum them and add the result to the original Morse–Bott function. The broken flows described above will be C0 close to the flow lines of this Morse–Smale function.

</doc>
<doc id="2868131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868131" title="Nonai Station">
Nonai Station

History.
Nonai Station was opened on July 16, 1893 as a station on the Nippon Railway. It became a station on the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR), after the nationalization of the Nippon Railway on November 1, 1906. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010. It has been unattended since February 1, 1923.
Station layout.
Nonai Station has a single island platform connected to the small station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="2868152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868152" title="Baltimore club">
Baltimore club

Baltimore club, also called "Bmore Club", "Bmore House" or simply "Bmore" is a breakbeat genre. A blend of hip hop and chopped, staccato house music, it was created in Baltimore, Maryland, United States in the late 1980s by 2 Live Crew's Luther Campbell, Frank Ski, Big Tony (or Miss Tony), Scottie B. and DJ Spen.
Baltimore club is based on an 8/4 beat structure, and includes tempos around 130 beats per minute. It combines repetitive, looped vocal snippets similar to trap, bounce, ghetto house and ghettotech. These samples are often culled from television shows such as "Sanford and Son" and "SpongeBob SquarePants", though can also be simple repeated calls and chants. The instrumental tracks include heavy breakbeats and call and response stanzas similar to those found in the go-go music of Washington, D.C.. The breakbeats are pulled from samples, with the most prominent being "Sing Sing" by disco band Gaz and "Think (About It)" by Lyn Collins. Much like the rave-era genre known as breakbeat hardcore, Baltimore club sounds as if the music was intentionally hurried, as each song is made with a limited palette of sounds and is based on similar frameworks.
Development.
Baltimore club was born in the record stores of Baltimore first by Scottie B, Shawn Caesar and DJ Equalizer. They were then joined by DJ Patrick, Kenny B, DJ Class, Diamond K and others. They took some inspiration for their sets and production from British breakbeat hardcore records.The Blapps! Records (UK) label released several records between 1989 and 1992 that are considered classics in the Baltimore genre, as well as in the British rave scene. "Don't Hold Back", "Too Much Energy" and "Let the Freak" were sampled and played heavily by DJs and producers, and would define the Baltimore club sound.
In the early 1990s, Baltimore club music developed a cult following in the North Jersey club scene, particularly in the Brick City club genre of Newark, New Jersey developed by DJ Tameil. This spread stems from the distribution of mix tapes from traveling Baltimore Dj's. There were also a number of Boston-area radio shows in the mid-nineties that played Baltimore club music. It has also spread south to Virginia club scene (VA 757 Club) and even farther south in Alabama with DJ Seven formally known as DJ Taj developed Bamabounce. It has also started to spread to New York City.
Recently the genre has gained popularity in Baltimore's rock underground, due to Baltimore club nights at the Talking Head Club and others. Baltimore club was featured in "Spin Magazine" in January 2006.
Rod Lee was described as "the original don of Baltimore Club" by "The Washington Post" in 2005.
Now, the style and its direct derivatives are becoming exceptionally popular on the internet due to music sharing websites such as soundcloud.com, and is becoming popular across the United States, Australia and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2868168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868168" title="Peter Crimmins">
Peter Crimmins

Peter Crimmins (8 July 1948 – 28 September 1976) was a rover for the Hawthorn Football Club in the VFL, playing 176 games and kicking 231 goals from 1966 to 1975. He was an inspirational player and captain from 1974 who wore number 5. He was a member of the Hawks' 1971 premiership team.
Cancer diagnosis.
At the completion of the 1974 VFL season Crimmins was diagnosed with testicular cancer. After surgery and two bouts of chemotherapy in 1975, he attempted to make a return, declaring that he was fit to play in the 1975 VFL Grand Final after playing 5 reserve games, including one final. Both the selection committee and Hawthorn's supporters were divided over whether he should play. Ultimately the match committee decided against playing him in the game, with coach John Kennedy admitting they were fearful a knock could affect him. As he explained later: "It was very hard, it was a unique situation ... Peter wanted to play. The committee was divided. He didn't play. We'll never know what might have happened if he had played." The Hawks lost the Grand Final to North Melbourne.
Crimmo's Cup.
Throughout the next year Crimmins health deteriorated again, but by the end of the season Hawthorn was again facing North Melbourne for the 1976 VFL Grand Final. By this stage Crimmins was confined to his sickbed, unable to even attend the game, and with live television broadcasts of the Grand Final not introduced until 1977, he was reduced to merely listening to it on the radio. Just before the Hawthorn players took the field Kennedy read out a telegram which Crimmins had sent to the club, saying "Good luck to you and all the boys. It will be a long, hard, 100 minutes but I am sure you will be there at the end. Regards, Peter Crimmins." Kennedy implored his players to "Do it for the little fella", and later stated that he believed his team was never going to lose. Hawthorn won the game by thirty points to take the Premiership. 
The night of the Grand Final six of Crimmins' closest teammates took the premiership cup to Crimmins' house in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne to let him share in the celebrations. A press photographer accompanied them and a famous photo was published in the newspapers showing a wasted, reclining, yet beaming Crimmins holding the premiership cup surrounded by his jubilant teammates. The premiership victory became known around Hawthorn and in the football community as 'Crimmo's Cup' in recognition of the inspiration Crimmins provided to his team. 
Crimmins died just three days after the game, aged 28. He was survived by his wife and two sons. The image of a stricken Crimmins holding the premiership cup and surrounded by teammates is captured in Jamie Cooper's painting "The Game That Made Australia", commissioned by the AFL in 2008 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the sport.
Peter Crimmins Medal.
The Hawthorn Football Club Best & Fairest award is called the Peter Crimmins Medal in his honour. Crimmins' number 5 team jumper is displayed in Hawthorn's club room at Glenferrie Oval, the only jumper on display.

</doc>
<doc id="2868172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868172" title="Koizumimachi Station">
Koizumimachi Station

Koizumimachi Station (小泉町駅) is a passenger-service station of Koizumi Line, which is operated by Tobu Railway company, located in Oizumi, Ōra District, Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
History.
The first station was opened as the terminal of Koizumi Line operated by Chūgen Railway company on March 12, 1917. Koizumi Line was purchased by Tobu Railway company in 1937.
Nearest places.
Koizumijo Castle trace, Ryusenin temple, Koizumi shrine, Oizumi High School
Preceding and Following stations.
Higashi-Koizumi Station - Koizumimachi station - Nishi-Koizumi station

</doc>
<doc id="2868173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868173" title="Community development financial institution">
Community development financial institution

A community development financial institution (US) or community development finance institution (UK) - abbreviated in both cases to CDFI - is a financial institution which provides credit and financial services to underserved markets and populations, primarily in the USA but also in the UK. A CDFI may be a community development bank, a community development credit union (CDCU), a community development loan fund (CDLF), a community development venture capital fund (CDVC), a microenterprise development loan fund, or a community development corporation.
CDFIs are certified by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) at the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which provides funds to CDFIs through a variety of programs. The CDFI Fund and the legal concept of CDFIs were established by the "Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994." Broadly speaking, a CDFI is defined as a financial institution that: has a primary mission of community development, serves a target market, is a financing entity, provides development services, remains accountable to its community, and is a non-governmental entity.
The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (HERA) authorized CDFIs certified by the CDFI Fund to become members of the Federal Home Loan Banks. The Final Rule regarding the procedures and standards to be used by the Federal Home Loan Banks to evaluate applications for membership from CDFIs were published in the Federal Register Federal Housing Finance Agency in January 2010.The Final Rule is to be implemented by the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks, each of which will evaluate membership applications independently.[http://www.fhfa.gov/webfiles/15335/CDFIattach122909.pdf 
CDFIs are related to, but not identical with, Community Development Entities (CDEs). CDEs are also certified by the CDFI Fund at the U.S. Department of Treasury, but have somewhat different qualifications. Many CDFIs have also been certified as CDEs. The primary purpose of CDEs is to utilize the New Markets Tax Credit Program (NMTCs). NMTCs were created to induce equity investments in low-income communities.
CDFIs may be subject to oversight by federal financial institution regulators (e.g., banks, credit unions) or may be "unregulated" at the federal level, and subject only to the laws of the states in which they operate. There is no mandatory rating or ranking system imposed on all CDFIs which would allow investors or others to evaluate their performance, safety or strength. The Opportunity Finance Network has developed a proprietary rating system, the CDFI Assessment and Ratings System or CARSTM.
Scope.
In 2006, there were approximately 1,250 CDFIs, consisting of:
In May 2010, the CDFI Fund had certified 862 CDFIs, 57 Native CDFIs (serving Native Americans), and 4,230 CDEs, each of which may have multiple subsidiary investment funds. 
Nationwide, over 1,000 CDFIs serve economically distressed communities by providing credit, capital and financial services that are often unavailable from mainstream financial institutions. CDFIs have loaned and invested over billions in our nation’s most distressed communities. Even better, their loans and investments have leveraged billions more dollars from the private sector for development activities in low wealth communities across the nation. 
While there are numerous organizations certified as CDFIs by the CDFI Fund, it is believed that there are thousands of financial institutions serving the needs of low-income people or communities in the United States, but either have not applied for CDFI status or have otherwise not been able to fulfill all of the requirements for formal CDFI certification.
Notable depository CDFIs.
ShoreBank, headquartered in the South Shore neighborhood of Chicago, was founded in 1973. It was the largest CDFI, with over $2 billion in assets.ShoreBank had branches in Chicago’s South and West sides, Cleveland, and Detroit, but in August 2010 the bank was declared insolvent and its branches were taken over by Urban Partnership Bank. Its holding company [http://www.shorebankcorp.com/ ShoreBank Corporation, still exists and promotes its community development mission through affiliates in Oregon and Washington state, and in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. ShoreBank’s international consulting services have offices in Chicago, Washington, D.C., and London, and projects in 30 countries around the world.
OneUnited Bank, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, is the largest African-American-owned CDFI in the country and focuses on serving and developing urban communities. The Bank has achieved consistent profitable growth through both bank acquisitions of similar mission driven banks and organic loan and deposit growth. The Bank has provided innovative products and services to fulfill its community development mission in the urban communities of Boston, Massachusetts, Miami, Florida and Los Angeles, California. OneUnited Bank continues to be integrated into the social and economic fabric of each of these communities in every respect from not-for-profits, small business, affordable housing, churches, etc.
The Center for Community Self-Help, another leading CDFI, was founded in 1980 in Durham, North Carolina. Self-Help's home and business lending has provided low-wealth, minority, rural and female borrowers with over $5.24 billion in financing.Much of this is through Self-Help's national secondary market program, which enables conventional lenders to make more home loans to low-wealth families. Self-Help also develops commercial and residential real estate and operates retail credit unions. In response to predatory lenders increasingly targeting family wealth in poor and minority communities, Self-Help in 1999 worked with the NAACP, AARP and other North Carolina groups to form the Coalition for Responsible Lending and help enact one of the United States' first laws to curb predatory mortgage lending.[http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/07_45/b4057078.htm? In 2002, Self-Help founded the Center for Responsible Lending, a nonprofit, nonpartisan research and policy organization that recommends solutions to predatory lending abuses.[http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0108/7946.html]
Other countries.
While the CDFI Fund and its certifications are limited to the United States, the UK also has about 70 CDFIs and a trade association, the Community Development Finance Association. The UK government has provided various funding initiatives for CDFIs and credit unions, and Community Investment Tax Relief (somewhat similar to New Markets Tax Credit) is available on investments in accredited CDFIs.
Institutions similar in purpose exist around the world, such as Grameen Bank in Bangladesh, though they are not generally called CDFIs, but are described by other terms such as microfinance institutions or social banks.
Resources.
There are a number of trade associations and other resources applicable to the CDFI industry. For more information, see:

</doc>
<doc id="2868174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868174" title="Vachellia sphaerocephala">
Vachellia sphaerocephala

Vachellia sphaerocephala (Bull's Horn Thorn) is a plant of the family Fabaceae. The name comes from the shape of the thorns which do indeed resemble the horns of a bull. The tree has a strong, symbiotic relationship with a species of stinging ant, "Pseudomyrmex ferruginea". This tree is native to Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2868180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868180" title="DYW">
DYW

The three-letter acronym DYW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868183" title="Hrdlička">
Hrdlička

Hrdlička is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2868194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868194" title="Salvador Brau">
Salvador Brau

Dr. Salvador Brau y Asencio (January 11, 1842 – November 5, 1912) was a Puerto Rican journalist, poet, writer and historian.
Early years.
Brau was born in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico, into a well-to-do family. His father was Bartolomé Brau, a Catalan teacher of German descent and his mother was Luisa Asencio, a native of Venezuela. Brau received his primary and secondary education in private schools. After graduating from high school, he continued his education in an institute of higher learning, and went to Spain in 1861 and attended the University of Barcelona where he earned a degree in Letters. During his stay in Spain, he came into contact with the autonomist movement of Puerto Rico and became involved. Eventually, Brau earned his Doctorate in Letters.
Important discoveries.
In 1870, Brau returned to Puerto Rico and became a journalist. He joined the Autonomist Party of Puerto Rico and became politically active, believing that Puerto Rico should be granted more powers by the Spanish Crown. He expressed his beliefs in his novels and plays, including one of his most acclaimed plays, "La Vuelta al Hogar" (Once on This Island).
In 1894, Brau was named Commissioner for the Provincial Deputation. He then moved back to Spain where he investigated the historical documents pertaining to Puerto Rico's past. These documents were stored and continue to be stored in the Indias Archives of Seville. In 1897, after three years of investigating the historical documents, Brau returned to Puerto Rico.
His findings in Seville included documents written by Fray Antonio de Montesinos, Fray Iñigo Abbad and others. He uncovered important information about how the Taínos lived and how they were treated harshly by the Spanish settlers. During his investigation he found an interesting reference to the Puerto Rican danza. According to a document written by Fray Iñgo Abad Lasierra, Bishop of Puerto Rico (1772–1778), there was a typical, fast and noisy shoe-stomping dance in the island which he called "Puerto Rican danza". Brau, however, claims that the authentic Puerto Rican danza was a popular creation that emerged in the 19th century.
Official Historian of Puerto Rico.
In 1898, Puerto Rico became a colonial possession of the United States after the Spanish-American War in accordance with the Treaty of Paris. Brau continued to be politically active and on 1903 was named Official Historian of Puerto Rico by the U.S.-appointed governor William Henry Hunt. He held this position until his death on November 5, 1912 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was interred in Santa María Magdalena de Pazzis Cemetery in Old San Juan.
Written works.
A partial list of Braus written works:
Legacy.
The town of San Juan honored him with a park and a statue. The town of Cabo Rojo has honored his memory with a monument and by naming a hall in its amphitheater after him. The town of Aguada has a bust of Brau in its plaza. Brau was one of the few Puerto Ricans to be honored by the United States Maritime Commission when they named a World War II Liberty Ship after him, the SS Salvador Brau, USMC Hull Number 1543. The ship was built in 1944 and was scrapped in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="2868198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868198" title="DYK">
DYK

DYK or Dyk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868210" title="Monken Hadley">
Monken Hadley

Monken Hadley is a place in the London Borough of Barnet. An ancient country village north of Barnet, it is now a suburban development situated on the very edge of Greater London north north-west of Charing Cross, while retaining much of its rural character.
History.
The main site of the Battle of Barnet in 1471, one of the two principal engagements of the Wars of the Roses, was in the parish of Monken Hadley. Troops advanced through the village, although the action took place north (Hadley Wood) and west (Hadley Green) of the settlement. Although the retreat of the forces of Lord William Hastings (at the hands of the Earl of Oxford) took place in the parish of Barnet, all of the other key engagements were within Monken Hadley parish, including the historically significant death of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, believed to be at the place where a monument now stands on the Great North Road.
The August 4, 1827 edition of "The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction", provides the following short history of the area:
Hadley, Mankin, or Monkton, Hadley, was formerly a hamlet to Edmonton. It lies north-west of Enfield, and comprises 580 acres, including 240 allotted in lieu of the common enclosure of Enfield Chase. Its name is compounded of two Saxon words — Head-leagh, or a high place; Mankin is probably derived from the connexion of the place with the abbey of Walden, to which it was given by Geoffrey dQqe Mandeville, earl of Essex, under the name of the Hermitage of Hadley. The village is situated on the east side of the great north road, eleven miles from London.
The manor belonged to the Mandevilles, the founder of the Hermitage, and was given by Geoffrey to the monks of Walden; in the ensuing two centuries the manorial property underwent various transmissions, and was purchased by the Pinney family, in the year 1791, by the present proprietor, Peter Moore, Esq.
The house of David Garrow, father to the present judge of that name in the court of exchequer, is supposed to have been connected with a monastic establishment. Chimney-pieces remain in alto-relievo: on one is sculptured the story of Sampson; the other represents many passages in the life of our Saviour, from his birth in the stall to his death on the cross.
The parish church is a handsome structure, built at different periods. The chancel bears marks of great antiquity, but the body has been built with bricks. At the west end is a square tower, composed of flint, with quoins of freestone; on one side is the date Anno Domini 1393, cut in stone—one side of the stone bearing date in the sculptured device of a wing; the other that of a rose. The figures denote the year 1494; the last, like the second numerical, being the half eight, often used in ancient inscriptions. The unique vestige of the Middle Ages, namely, a firepan, or pitchpot, on the south-west tower of the church, was blown down in January, 1779 and carefully repaired, though now not required for the purpose of giving an alarm at the approach of a foe, by lighting pitch within it. The church has been supposed to have been erected by Edward IV as a chapel for religious service, to the memory of those who fell in the battle of Barnet in 1471.
On the window of the north transept are some remains of painted glass, among which may be noticed the rebus of the Gooders, a family of considerable consequence at Hadley in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. This consists of a partridge with an ear of wheat in its bill; on an annexed scroll is the word Gooder; on the capital of one of the pillars are two partridges with ears of corn in the mouth, an evident repetition of the same punning device, and it is probable the Gooder's were considerable benefactors towards building the church.
The almshouses for six decayed housekeepers were founded by Sir Roger Willbraham in 1616, but so slenderly endowed that they do not produce more than 9l.6s. annually. Major Delafonte, in 1762, increased the annuity, which expired in 1805; but Mr. Cottrell gained by subscription 2375l. in trust. The father of Mr. Whitbread, the statesman, subscribed the sum of 1000l. for the support of the almshouses. The charity-school for girls was established in 1773, and was enlarged and converted into a school of industry in 1800. Twenty girls in the establishment receive annually the sum of 1l. towards clothing; thirty girls besides the above are admitted to the benefit of education, on paying the weekly sum of 2d. and succeed to the vacancies which occur in the class more largely assisted. This charity is in like manner supported by contributions on the inhabitants. The boys' school, supported in the same way, which in 1804 amounted to the sum of 103l. 10s., has about seventy day-scholars; twenty are allowed 1l. towards clothing, and instructed without any charge; the remainder pay 2d. weekly.
Historically Monken Hadley was a civil parish of Middlesex forming part of a small protrusion into Hertfordshire. In 1889, under the Local Government Act 1888, the civil parish was transferred to Hertfordshire. Under the Local Government Act 1894 the parish was split with a Hadley parish becoming part of the Barnet Urban District, while the remaining part of the parish became part of the East Barnet Urban District of Hertfordshire. In 1965, under the London Government Act 1963, its area was transferred to Greater London and combined with that of other districts formerly in Hertfordshire and Middlesex to form the present-day London Borough of Barnet.
Parish church.
The parish church of "St Mary the Virgin" was built in its present form in 1494 (the date being carved in stone over the west door) although a church is believed to have stood on the site for over 800 years. The present building is in the perpendicular style, and includes two side chapels (in transepts) dedicated to St Anne and St Catherine. The building was heavily renovated in Victorian times, and contains large quantities of Victorian woodwork furniture. The parish and church were heavily influenced by tractarianism and the Oxford Movement, and it remains a focus of eucharistic worship within the surrounding district.
The tower of the church, at the west end, contains nine bells which are in good order and regularly rung, eight being hung for change ringing, and the ninth as a sanctus bell. At the top of the tower there is a signal beacon, part of an ancient series of signal beacons. The church markets itself under the title "The Beacon Church", and the beacon has become a symbol of the local area, and forms the badge of the nearby Church of England primary school.
It was the model for another Church of Saint Mary the Virgin, built in 1904 in Chappaqua, New York, United States.
Sport and recreation.
Monken Hadley has a Non-League football team Hadley F.C. who play at Parkfield.
Monken Hadley has a King George's Fields open space in memorial to King George V. It is popular for tobogganing when there has been a good fall of snow The field descends into the Hadley Woods, which make their way into East Barnet Golf course. Hadley Green is a Local Nature Reserve which is a Site of Metropolitan Importance, and traditionally considered the main site of the Battle of Barnet.
Hadley Common has a cricket field, home to a well known cricket club, Monken Hadley CC, which is mentioned in one of the works of Anthony Trollope, who lived in Monken Hadley.
Transport links.
Buses.
Monken Hadley and Hadley Green are not well-served by bus routes, with most services terminating further south in Barnet. The two Transport for London routes which run nearby are:
Railway.
Both fairly nearby are:
Tube.
Two tube stations are relatively nearby:

</doc>
<doc id="2868213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868213" title="List of Premiers of Bermuda">
List of Premiers of Bermuda

This is a list of Premiers of Bermuda. The Premier is the head of government in the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda. The Premier is appointed by the Governor of Bermuda on behalf of the Monarchy of the United Kingdom, currently Queen Elizabeth II.
Bermuda's Premier, since 19 May 2014, is Michael Dunkley, JP, MP, following the resignation of Craig Cannonier, JP, MP.

</doc>
