<doc id="2899234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899234" title="Vietnam Veterans Against the War">
Vietnam Veterans Against the War

Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW) is a tax-exempt non-profit organization and corporation, originally created to oppose US policy and participation in the Vietnam War. VVAW describes itself as a national veterans' organization that campaigns for peace, justice, and the rights of all United States military veterans. It publishes a twice-yearly newsletter "The Veteran", previously published more frequently as "1st Casualty" (1971–1972) and then as "Winter Soldier" (1973–1975).
VVAW considers itself as anti-war, although not in the pacifistic sense. Membership varied greatly, from almost 25,000 veterans during the height of the war to fewer than a couple thousand in subsequent decades. While the member veterans were a small fraction of the millions that served between 1965–75, the VVAW is widely considered to be among the most influential anti-war organizations of that era.
History.
Establishment.
Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW) began as a placard slogan in the staging area for the April 15, 1967 "Spring Mobilization to End the War" anti-war demonstration in which 400,000 protesters participated. About 20 former veterans of the Vietnam war were successfully gathered from the crowd under that impromptu banner, including Jan "Barry" Crumb, a West Point graduate who had served in the war as a radio crewman on a fixed-wing supply aircraft.
Following the conclusion of the march Crumb and five others got together to form a new anti-war organization of veterans of the unpopular foreign military conflict. Beginning with a desk and a telephone in the office of the Fifth Avenue Vietnam Peace Parade Committee in New York City, the formal VVAW organization was formed.
The VVAW's website summarizes its history, in part indicating that:
According to the organization itself, VVAW organized rap groups for veterans in 1970, the predecessor to readjustment counseling at modern Vet Centers. Their website goes on to indicate that they helped draft legislation for education and job programs, and assisted veterans with post-war health care through the VA hospital system, including assisting victims of Agent Orange and other chemical agents. The VVAW advocated amnesty for war resisters.
Membership size.
The fluctuating membership size of this organization has been a point of some confusion, marked by widely varied estimates. Several historic events would serve to fuel the organization's rapid growth as well as its decline in membership. The organization remained small until late 1969 when it gained several hundred new members. With the Nixon administration's decision to invade Cambodia and the Kent State shootings in 1970, VVAW's visibility increased, as did their membership, from 1,500 to almost 5000.
Publicity from VVAW-sponsored events continued to spur membership growth past 8,500 by the first month of 1971, and thousands more flocked to the organization after Playboy Magazine donated a full-page VVAW ad in its February edition. The national televised coverage of VVAW's week-long April, 1971 protest in Washington, DC, and smaller protests in subsequent months continued to increase their notoriety. An FBI informant within the organization noted in March, 1971 that membership had grown from 1,500 to over 12,000 in the past four months. This estimate is bolstered by figures published in the summer of 1971 by a friendly journalist in the glossy mass-circulation magazine "Ramparts," which indicated that VVAW had at that time approximately 11,000 members and employed 26 regional coordinators.
Higher estimates exist, including a claim of 20,000 members for 1971. The organization itself retrospectively claims a peak membership of over 30,000, with a still-higher estimate published that when non-veteran supporters were included in the tally, VVAW had "roughly 50,000" members.
By 1972, negotiations at the Paris peace talks were in full swing, signaling the beginning of the end of the war as well as the end of VVAW's primary mission. Membership in the organization diminished as the leadership organised to broaden its purpose. Membership requirements were relaxed, and political differences arose as new members fought with old about which direction the VVAW should take. The organization had dwindled to just several thousand members by 1973. With internal struggle still threatening to tear the group apart, 2,000 members demonstrated in Washington DC in July 1974, demanding universal amnesty for draft resisters and deserters, and universal discharge with benefits for all Vietnam veterans.
Historian Andrew E. Hunt concluded, "Detractors have always cited numbers when criticizing VVAW. At the pinnacle of VVAW's success in 1972, membership rolls listed almost twenty-five thousand card carriers, or fewer than 1 percent of all eligible Vietnam era veterans... By emphasizing the low percentage of Vietnam veterans who paid dues to VVAW, opponents have sought to dismiss the significance and impact of the organization."
Notable VVAW sponsored events.
Operation RAW.
During the Labor Day weekend of September 4–7, 1970, Operation RAW ("Rapid American Withdrawal") took place. It was a three day protest march from Morristown, NJ, to Valley Forge State Park by over 200 veterans. They were joined by members of "Nurses for Peace" and other peace groups. Dressed in combat fatigues and carrying toy weapons, the march was designed to dramatize a Vietnam-type search and destroy mission to the Middle America they passed through. Upon entering each town along the march, sweeps were made, prisoners taken and interrogated, property seized and homes cleared with the assistance of previously planted "guerrilla theater" actors portraying civilians. The 86 mile long march culminated in a four hour rally at Valley Forge that over 1,500 people attended. The honorary commander during this event was retired Army Brigadier General Hugh B. Hester. Sponsors included Senators George McGovern and Edmund Muskie, Rep. John Conyers, Paul O'Dwyer, Mark Lane, and Donald Sutherland. Scheduled speakers were John Kerry, Joe Kennedy, Rev. James Bevel, Mark Lane, Jane Fonda, and Sutherland. Congressman Allard Lowenstein, Mike Lerner, and Army First Lt. Louis Font also spoke.
Winter Soldier Investigation.
In January 1971, VVAW sponsored "The Winter Soldier Investigation" to gather and present testimony from soldiers about war crimes being committed in Southeast Asia and demonstrate they were committed as a result of American war policies. Intended as a public event, it was boycotted by much of the mainstream media, although the "Detroit Free Press" covered it daily and immediately began investigating what was being said. No records of fraudulent participants or fraudulent testimony were produced.
Veterans applying for participation in the investigation were asked if they witnessed or participated in a list of transgressions, including search and destroy missions, crop destruction, and POW mistreatment.
This event was estimated to have cost the VVAW $50,000–$75,000. It was financially supported by the fund-raising efforts of several celebrity peace activists, with actress Jane Fonda soliciting over $10,000 in donations at 54 college campuses for the VVAW. Winter Soldier Investigation testimonies were read into the Congressional Record by Senator Mark Hatfield (R-OR). In 1972, VVAW continued antiwar protests, and released "Winter Soldier", a 16mm black-and-white documentary film showing participants giving testimony at the 1971 hearing, as well as footage of the Dewey Canyon III week of protest events. This film is currently on limited distribution and is now available on DVD.
Dewey Canyon III - Washington, D.C., April 1971.
This peaceful anti-war protest organized by VVAW took its name from two short military invasions of Laos by US and South Vietnamese forces. Dubbed "Operation Dewey Canyon III," it took place in Washington, D.C, April 19 through April 23, 1971. It was referred to by the participants as "a limited incursion into the country of Congress." The level of media publicity and Vietnam veteran participation at the Dewey Canyon week of protest events far exceeded the Winter Soldier Investigation and any previous VVAW protest event.
Led by Gold Star Mothers (mothers of soldiers killed in war), more than 1,100 veterans marched across the Lincoln Memorial Bridge to the Arlington Cemetery gate, just beneath the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. A memorial service for their peers was conducted by Reverend Jackson H. Day, who had just a few days earlier resigned his military chaplainship. In addition to his passages of scripture and citations of poetry was a personal statement, including the following:
The Gold Star Mothers and a few others approached the cemetery gate to enter and lay wreaths, but the gate had been closed and locked upon word of their impending arrival. They placed the wreaths instead along the gate, and peacefully departed.
The march re-formed and continued to the Capitol, with Congressman Pete McCloskey joining the procession en route. McCloskey and fellow Representatives Bella Abzug, Don Edwards, Shirley Chisholm, Edmund Muskie and Ogden Reid addressed the large crowd in a show of support. VVAW members defied a Justice Department-ordered injunction that they not camp on The Mall and set up camp anyway. Later that day, the District Court of Appeals lifted the injunction. Some members personally visited their Congressmen to lobby against the U.S. participation in the war. They presented Congress with their 16-point suggested resolution for ending the war in Vietnam.
On Tuesday, April 20, 200 veterans listened to hearings by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on proposals to end the war. Other veterans, still angry at the insult to the Gold Star Mothers when they were refused entry to Arlington National Cemetery the previous day, marched back to the front gate. After initial refusal of entry, the veterans were finally allowed in. Veterans performed guerrilla theater on the Capitol steps, re-enacting combat scenes and "search and destroy missions" from Vietnam. Later that evening, Democratic Senators Claiborne Pell and Philip Hart held a fund-raising party for the veterans. During the party it was announced that Chief Justice Warren Burger of the United States Supreme Court had reversed the decision of the Court of Appeals and reinstated the injunction. The veterans were given until 4:30 the following afternoon to break camp and leave the National Mall. This was the fastest reversal of an Appeals Court decision in the Supreme Court's history.
On Wednesday, April 21, more than 50 veterans marched to The Pentagon and attempted to surrender and turn themselves in as war criminals. A Pentagon representative took their names and then turned them away. More veterans continued to meet with and lobby their representatives in Congress. Senator Ted Kennedy spent the day speaking with the veterans. The guerrilla theater re-enactments were moved to the steps of the Justice Department. After a close vote by the veterans, they decided to remain where they were. Many of the veterans were prepared to be arrested for continuing to camp on the National Mall, but none were arrested. Several of the patrolling park police officers reassured the veterans that arrests were not going to be made, despite orders to do so. Headlines the following day read, "VETS OVERRULE SUPREME COURT."
On Thursday, April 22, a large group of veterans demonstrated on the steps of the Supreme Court, and demanded to know why the Supreme Court had not ruled on the constitutionality of the war in Vietnam. The veterans sang "God Bless America" and 110 were arrested for disturbing the peace, and were later released. John Kerry, as VVAW spokesman, testified against the war for 2 hours in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before a packed room of observers and media. The veterans continued lobbying on Capitol Hill all day. A Washington District Court judge angrily dissolved his injunction order, rebuking the Justice Department lawyers for requesting the court order and then not enforcing it. Veterans staged a candlelight march around the White House, while a huge American flag was carried upside down in the historic international signal of distress.
On Friday, April 23, more than 800 veterans, one by one, tossed their medals, ribbons, discharge papers and other war mementos on the steps of the Capitol, rejecting the Vietnam war and the significance of those awards. Several hearings in Congress were held that week regarding atrocities committed in Vietnam and the media's inaccurate coverage of the war. There were also hearings on proposals to end the United States' participation in the war. The vets planted a tree on the mall as part of a ceremony symbolizing the veterans' wish to preserve life and the environment.
Senators George McGovern and Mark Hatfield helped arrange at least $50,000 in fundraising during preparations for Dewey Canyon III. The VVAW paid $94,000 for an ad to advertise this event in the April 11, 1971 New York Times.
Walter Reed Memorial Service.
In May 1971, the VVAW and former Army chaplain Reverend Jackson Day conducted a service for veterans at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Injured and disabled veterans who were inpatients there were brought into the chapel in wheelchairs. The service included time for individual prayers or public confession, and many veterans took the floor to recount things they had done or seen for which they felt guilt or anger. This was the last service performed by Jackson Day for almost two decades.
Operation POW.
Operation POW, organized by the VVAW in Massachusetts, got its name from the group's concern that Americans were prisoners of the Vietnam War, as well as to honor American POWs held captive by North Vietnam. The event sought to tie antiwar activism to patriotic themes. Over the 1971 Memorial Day weekend, veterans and other participants marched from Concord, Massachusetts to a rally on Boston Common. The plan was to invoke the spirit of the American Revolution and Paul Revere by spending successive nights at the sites of the Battle of Lexington and Concord and the Battle of Bunker Hill, culminating in a Memorial Day rally with a public reading of the United States Declaration of Independence.
The event organizers requested permission in advance to camp overnight on the historic Lexington, Massachusetts Green, but were refused by the town Board of Selectmen. On the day of the marchers' arrival in Lexington, an emergency town meeting was held. The Selectmen, citing a town bylaw, insisted that the demonstrators must vacate the Green by 10:00 p.m. The VVAW and town citizens that supported them decided instead to camp on the village green. At 2:30 a.m. on May 30, local and state police awoke and arrested 441 demonstrators for trespassing. All were given the Miranda warning and were taken away on school buses to spend the night at the Lexington Public Works Garage. Julian Soshnick, a Lexington resident and charismatic lawyer of Boston Strangler fame, was among several attorneys that volunteered to represent the demonstrators. He worked out a deal with friend, colleague, and Concord Court Judge, John Forte. The protesters later paid a $5 fine each and were released. The mass arrests caused a community backlash and eventually gave positive coverage to the VVAW.
Statue of Liberty occupations.
On December 26, 1971, fifteen VVAW activists barricaded and occupied the Statue of Liberty for two days in a successful attempt to bring attention to the antiwar cause. Simultaneous protests took place across the country, such as at the historic Betsy Ross house in Philadelphia (for 45 minutes) and Travis Air Force Base in California (for 12 hours). Other VVAW members in California also briefly occupied the Saigon Government consulate in San Francisco. VVAW occupied the Statue of Liberty a second time in 1976 to bring renewed attention to veteran issues.
Kansas City meeting.
During a four day series of meetings in Kansas City, Missouri on November 12–15, 1971, Scott Camil, a radical VVAW southern coordinator, proposed the assassination of the most conservative members of United States Congress, and other powerful opponents of the antiwar movement.
According to interviews with VVAW members who were present at the Kansas City meetings, Camil suggested something he called "The Phoenix Project," named after the original Phoenix Program operations during the Vietnam War used by the CIA to assassinate the Viet Cong. Originally conceived as an option during the protest march in Washington, Camil's Phoenix Project plan was to execute the Southern senatorial leadership that was backing the war, including John Tower, Strom Thurmond, and John Stennis. In Camil's words:
The proposed assassinations were to be executed during the Senate Christmas recess. The plan was voted down, although there's a "difference of opinion" as to how close the vote was. It is unclear whether 2004 presidential candidate John Kerry was present for this meeting. His campaign indicated he was not there and had resigned from the organization by then.
Post Vietnam War activities.
By 1973, US combat involvement in Vietnam ended, and VVAW changed its emphasis to include advocating amnesty for draft resisters and dissenters. President Jimmy Carter eventually granted an amnesty in 1980.
There were two significant battles fought simultaneously by VVAW after the fighting in Vietnam ended in 1975, that of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Agent Orange.
As VVAW gained members in the late 1960s, they realized that many veterans were having readjustment problems. As early as 1970, VVAW initiated "rap groups" in which veterans could discuss the troubling aspects of the war, their disillusionment with it, and their experiences on arriving home. They enlisted the aid of two prominent psychiatrists, Dr. Robert Jay Lifton and Dr. Chaim F. Shatan to direct and add focus to their sessions. Their continued pressure and activism caused what had been known as "Post-Vietnam Syndrome" to be recognized in 1980 as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. The VVAW "rap group" treatment methods are the basis for treating PTSD today.
In 1978 Chicago Veterans Administration caseworker Maude de Victor noticed a pattern in cancers and other illnesses suffered by Vietnam veterans and linked those illnesses with exposure to herbicides like Agent Orange, and its dioxin contaminants. VVAW led veterans organizations in the struggle to force the government to test, treat and compensate the victims of those poisons. Congress mandated a study of Agent Orange in 1979. Veterans sued the herbicide manufacturers, Dow Chemical and Monsanto, in 1982. Two years later the companies settled the suit for $180 million to compensate what at that time was over 200,000 claimants.
These were lonely campaigns since the "main stream" veterans groups regarded Vietnam veterans as "crybabies and losers" in general, and VVAW in particular was seen as being unpatriotic and anti-American. A natural ally, Vietnam Veterans of America, was not founded by VVAW member Robert Muller until 1978. It was not until 1990 that the American Legion and VVA filed suit against the government for failing to conduct the study ordered by Congress in 1979.
Several members moved on to prominent positions in society. In 1978 former VVAW member Bobby Muller co-founded the Vietnam Veterans of America. Former member John Kerry became Lt. Governor of Massachusetts in 1982, and won a United States Senate seat in 1984. Ron Kovic went on to write "Born on the Fourth of July", an autobiography which became an Academy Award winning movie in 1989.
Every five years, members and former members attend regular reunions, with the 1992 event attracting hundreds of veterans to commemorate the founding of the organization twenty five years earlier. VVAW continues to organize programs and fundraising events in support of veterans, peace, and social justice. ”
Similarly named different group.
The relatively small group Vietnam Veterans Against The War Anti-Imperialist (VVAW-AI) is not a faction, caucus or part of VVAW. The VVAW web site describes VVAW-AI as "the creation of an obscure, ultra-left sect called the Revolutionary Communist Party (RCP) ... designed to pimp off of VVAW's history of struggle." In the mid-1970s, as VVAW membership severely dropped after the end of the war, members of Bob Avakian's militant RCP were able to gain influential positions in the VVAW, including the National Office. A rift in the remaining membership formed due to the opposed ideologies, and the RCP group formed a separate organization, "Vietnam Veterans Against the War Anti-Imperialist" (VVAW-AI). VVAW filed and won a lawsuit prohibiting the RCP group from using the VVAW name, logos and materials.
In 1973, after months of heated debate, the VVAW changed the name of the organization to VVAW/WSO (Winter Soldier Organization), and opened its membership to non-veterans as a remedy to its diminishing size. With these relaxed membership requirements, members of ultra-left factions like Bob Avakian's militant Revolutionary Union were able to join VVAW, ultimately leading to a takeover of the VVAW’s National Office and steering committee. By 1975, the RCP cadre had managed to obtain many key leadership positions in the organization, and tried to control the splintered organization. A rift in the remaining membership formed due to the opposed ideologies, and the RCP group splintered off to form a smaller separate organization, Vietnam Veterans Against the War Anti-Imperialist (VVAW-AI). With the radical fringe elements influence removed, VVAW dropped the WSO from their name, won the court injunction against the radical group and struggled to rebuild. Deep animosity still exists between the two organizations.
The organization survived the conflict with the RCP and its general decline after the end of the Vietnam War, but as historian Andrew Hunt put it, only as “an ineffectual fragment of its former self. ...VVAW never ceased to exist. It split, dwindled, and underwent additional transformation. Yet it did not fold.”

</doc>
<doc id="2899235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899235" title="Naachtun">
Naachtun

Naachtun is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, situated at the northeastern perimeter of the Mirador Basin region in the southern Maya lowlands, now in the modern-day Department of El Petén, northern Guatemala. Naachtun was a major center of the region by the late Formative (or Pre-Classic) Period, and was one of the few Formative Period Mirador Basin centers which continued to flourish into the succeeding Classic period.
Situated in one of the areas most remote from contemporary settlements, the site was first rediscovered and documented in 1922 by the American archaeologist and Mayanist scholar, Sylvanus Morley. The name "Naachtun" was given to the site by Morley, taken from a Mayan construction glossed as "distant stones", in recognition of its remoteness. Its ancient name was Masuul, and it was in the middle of the Classic Maya, cities. The site is being investigated by the Calgary University, where they have found, that the site served as a link between Tikal and Calakmul, that were the superpowers in the Classic, and in constant wars between them, perhaps using Massul, as a "Neutral Talk Place". A carved Stela with the "Lady of Tikal" has been recently found there. The site is quite large, with several Pyramid temples and Acropolis, linked with sacbeob, as well as 2 ballcourts.

</doc>
<doc id="2899238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899238" title="Joseph Monteith">
Joseph Monteith

Joseph Dunsmore Monteith (June 2, 1865 – January 8, 1934) was an Ontario MLA for Perth North from 1923 to 1934. He was treasurer from 1926 to 1930 and Minister of Labour, Public Works and Highways from 1930 to 1934.
Monteith, a physician born near Stratford, was the son of Andrew Monteith. He was educated in Stratford and studied medicine at Trinity College, Toronto. In 1895, he married Alice Mary Chowen. He served as mayor of Stratford from 1917 to 1918. Monteith defeated Francis Wellington Hay to win the seat in the provincial assembly in 1923. He died in office in 1934.
His son Jay Waldo Monteith later became a member of the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="2899239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899239" title="Sitter (BEAM)">
Sitter (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a sitter is a type of robot that does not move. Such robots have no self-contained means of transportation and are non-mobile. Instead of moving, sitters are usually designed to power lights in some sort of pattern. Most sitters are built as decorations rather than serving a practical purpose.
As sitters usually have few parts and are not very complicated to build, many newcomers to BEAM robotics start with sitters, as they are a good place to begin learning the basics of the hobby.

</doc>
<doc id="2899249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899249" title="Gambelia sila">
Gambelia sila

Gambelia sila, also known as the blunt-nosed leopard lizard, is a blunt nosed lizard found in California.
Taxonomy.
"Gambelia sila" was first discovered in 1890 and has since undergone several reclassifications. When it was first discovered by Stejneger in 1890 it was classified as "Crotaphytus silus". Stejneger discovered "Gambelia sila" in Fresno, California. Ten years later in 1900 Cope believed the lizard to be a subspecies of the long-nosed leopard lizard, "C. wislizenii", and classified it as "C. w. silus". Based on differences in bony plates on the head, the presence or absence of gular folds, and head shape, "Gambelia sila" was reclassified into the genus "Gambelia" by Smith in 1946, retaining the species name "silus". This is the genus name for leopard lizards in the family Crotaphytidae. "Gambelia sila" is similar to the lizards in the genus "Crotaphytus", the difference is that the latter have fracture planes in their tails. This allows the tails to break off when grasped by predators. This reclassification remained controversial until Montanucci in 1970 proposed the argument for specific classification based on the differences between the long-nosed and blunt-nosed leopard lizards. Eventually the name was changed from ""Gambelia silas"" to ""Gambelia sila"" to agree in gender.
Distribution.
"Gambelia sila" is found primarily in Southern California. It was previously found in the San Joaquin Valley and adjacent foothills ranging from Stanislaus County, in the south, to the northern tip of Santa Barbara. However it is only found in elevations of 800 meter, (2,600 feet,) and below. Currently Gambelia sila can only be found in isolated sections of undeveloped land in San Joaquin Valley. In the northern part of the San Joaquin Valley they can be found in Ciervo, Tumey, and Panoche Hills, Anticline Ridge, Pleasant Valley, and the Lone Tree, Sandy Mush Road, Whitesbridge, Horse Pasture, and Kettleman Hills Essential Habitat Areas. In the southern part of the San Joaquin Valley they can be found in Pixley National Wildlife Refuge, Liberty Farm, Allensworth, Kern National Wildlife Refuge, Antelope Plain, Buttonwillow, Elk Hills, Lost Hills, and Tupman Essential Habitat Areas; on the Carrizo and Elkhorn Plains; north of Bakersfield around Poso Creek; in western Kern County in the area around the towns of Maricopa, McKittrick, and Taft; at the Kern Front oil field; at the base of the Tehachapi Mountains on Tejon Ranch; and just west of the California Aqueduct on the Tejon and San Emizdio Ranches.
Diet.
The diet of "Gambelia sila" mainly consists of an assortment of invertebrates and other lizards. The insects that it normally preys on are: grasshoppers, beetles, bees, wasps and ants. The blunt nose lizard is also known to eat other species of lizard, and sometimes eats its own offspring. It is an agile predator, with the ability to leap 60 centimeters making it very easy to catch its prey.
Physical characteristics.
The blunt-nosed leopard lizard ("Gambelia sila") is a relatively large lizard of the Crotaphytidae family. It has a long, regenerative tail, long, powerful hind limbs, and a short, blunt snout. Adult males are slightly larger than females, ranging in size from in length, excluding tail. Females are . Males weigh , females . Although blunt-nosed leopard lizards are darker than other leopard lizards, they exhibit tremendous variation in color and pattern on their backs. Their background color ranges from yellowish or light gray-brown to dark brown, depending on the surrounding soil color and vegetation. Their undersides are uniformly white. They have rows of dark spots across their backs, alternating with white, cream-colored or yellow bands. "Gambelia sila" is relatively unique among crotaphytidae in that sexes cannot be distinguished by permanent coloration and patterning, but both males and females develop breeding coloration, and these colors and patterns differ markedly between them. Also, unlike almost all other crotaphytidae, juvenile "G. sila" obtain a yellow coloring under their hind limbs and tails. The signs of yellow coloration in young "G. sila" might indicate that some type of signal is being sent to adult leopard lizards, although no testing has been done. Possibly the purpose of yellow coloration is to signal to adults that carriers are too small to breed, and, therefore, do not pose a competitive threat. Conversely, the bright yellow coloration of juveniles could serve as a means of avoiding predators.
Breeding.
The breeding season is initiated in April and lasts into or through June. Male and female pairs are commonly seen together and often occupying the same burrow systems. In June and July, 2-6 eggs averaging 15.6 by 25.8 mm are laid. Environmental conditions may influence the number of clutches females produce each year, but they usually lay only one. After about a two-month incubation period, the young hatch. They range in size at birth from 42 to 48 mm. Some young blunt-nosed leopard lizards may grow to double their hatching size prior to their first winter. During the breeding season, females are recognized by the bright red-orange markings on the sides of the head and body and the undersides of the thighs and tail. Males may also develop a color of salmon to bright rusty-red over the entire undersides of the body and limbs. This new coloring may continue indefinitely in males. Male and female blunt-nosed leopard lizards exhibit several different physical behaviors. The simple headbob is a single, vertical motion of only the head whereas the pushup involves an up and down movement of the forelimbs and a headbob. Rocking and fighting displays are restricted to males. Rocking involves rotating the head and shoulders in a forward, circular motion. When one male encounters another, it exhibits a threat-challenge display. It consists of inflating the body, extending the hind limbs, and arching the back and performing pushups in rapid succession. Two fighting males will align side by side while facing in opposite directions. Each will then attempt to bite the other as they lash their tails and jump toward each other. Females exhibit a rejection posture when a male attempts copulation. With back arched, body inflated, limbs extended, and mouth open, she always faces the male or moves to orient herself laterally to the male.
Conservation status.
"Gambelia sila", also known as the blunt-nosed leopard lizard, is listed as a federal endangered species and is listed by the State of California as an endangered species and fully protected species. This species is thought to have declined as a result of habitat destruction and habitat fragmentation caused by development and habitat modification. This lizard formerly was found in all of the San Joaquin Valley and the adjacent foothills of southern California. Currently the Blunt-nosed leopard lizard only occupies a few, scattered, undeveloped plots of land on the floor of the San Joaquin Valley and in the foothills of the Coast Range. San Joaquin Valley is a desert experiencing an ecological shift due to invasive species of non-native annual grasses most likely spread by grazing cows. The blunt-nosed leopard lizard along with other small terrestrial vertebrates are declining due to the ecological changes of the San Joaquin Valley as it is hypothesized that the invasive plants are altering vegetative structure. Although cattle may have originally been a factor in the establishment of these invasive species of plants, it was discovered by David Germano et al. that continued grazing, in order to keep the spread of the grasses limited, allowed for an increase in population size of not only the blunt-nosed leopard lizard, but other suffering species of the Valley as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2899255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899255" title="Maida Parlow French">
Maida Parlow French

Maida Parlow French was a Canadian author and artist. Her works include "Boughs Bend Over" (1943), "All This to Keep" (1947), and the autobiographical "Apples Don't Just Grow" (1954). In 1967 she wrote "Kathleen Parlow: A Portrait", a biography of her cousin, Kathleen Parlow.

</doc>
<doc id="2899256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899256" title="Cornelius Varley">
Cornelius Varley

Cornelius Varley, FRSA (21 November 1781 – 2 October 1873) was an English water-colour painter.
Biography.
Varley was born at Hackney, then a village north of London, on 21 November 1781. He was a younger brother of John Varley, a watercolour painter and astrologer, and a close friend of William Blake. He was educated by his uncle, a scientific instrument maker, and under him acquired a knowledge of the natural sciences. Around 1800, he joined his brother in a tour through Wales, and began the study of art. He was soon engaged in teaching drawing. From 1803 to 1859 he was an occasional exhibitor at the Royal Academy and he also contributed regularly to the displays of the Water-Colour Society, of which, in 1803, he was one of the founders, and of which he continued a member until 1821. He died in Hampstead on 2 October 1873.
Works.
Varley's works consist mainly of carefully finished classical subjects, with architecture and figures. He published a series of etchings of boats and other craft on the River Thames, and during his life as an artist he continued deeply interested in scientific pursuits. For his improvements in the camera lucida, the camera obscura and the microscope he received the Isis Gold Medal of the Society of Arts and at the Great Exhibition he gained a medal for his invention of the graphic telescope.
Family.
In 1821, Varley married Elizabeth Livermore Straker. They had ten children including telegraph engineer Cornelius Fleetwood "C.F." Varley.

</doc>
<doc id="2899260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899260" title="Battlestar Galactica (ship)">
Battlestar Galactica (ship)

The Battlestar "Galactica" is a space battleship in the original and re-imagined science fiction television series "Battlestar Galactica".
The Twelve Colonies of Man in the original television series built a number of Battlestars during their thousand-year war with the Cylons, whose battleships are known as Basestars.
"Battlestar Galactica" (1978, 1980).
Introduction.
One of an undisclosed total number of Battlestars constructed by the Twelve Colonies of Man, "Galactica" represents the Colonial planet Caprica, and is crewed mostly by Capricans. "Galactica" was launched more than 500 yahren before the close of the Thousand Yahren War (and the start of the pilot film). It is believed to be the only Battlestar to survive the destruction of the Twelve Colonies, until Battlestar "Pegasus" is found. "Galactica" is commanded by Commander Adama.
In the pre-Holocaust Colonial Service, battlestars like the "Galactica" operated as the flagships of numbered naval fleets (e.g. the Fourth Fleet), with each fleet assigned one battlestar and led by that battlestar's commander. A typical fleet comprised 600 fighting ships, and operated independently from other fleets. Since the Holocaust, the "Galactica" is the military's sole capital ship of any kind (except, briefly, for the "Pegasus").
Speed and armament.
The "Galactica" is capable of light-speed travel, although while escorting its refugee fleet it must limit her speed to that of the slowest ship. It has a complement of about 150 Vipers: 25 surviving fighters from its own pre-Holocaust squadrons, 42 from the other battlestars at the Peace Conference, and the remainder being transfers from the "Pegasus." The "Galactica" also has a complement of shuttles. Unlike similar civilian models, these transport craft include military gear for detecting electronic emissions from other spacecraft, and drop chutes for paratroop assaults. In addition, the "Galactica" has armored, tracked ground vehicles known as "landrams" and "snowrams." These are armed with a single heavy laser cannon in an open turret on the roof, and are landed by shuttles. The "Galactica" carries a large number of manually aimed laser batteries, both for anti-aircraft defense against fighters and for engaging other capital ships. As to purely defensive measures, the "Galactica" is protected by both "electronic shields" and a heavy metal double-pocket hatch shield that covers its panoramic bridge viewport; the latter is closed in "positive shield" state and open in "negative shield" state. However, while these might provide limited protection, they are insufficient to guard against suicide ramming runs by Cylon raiders or pulsar-cannon fire from Cylon base ships. The "Galactica" also has the ability to project a broad cone of energy, wide enough to cover much of one hemisphere of an Earth-sized planet, that is powerful enough to destroy ballistic missiles and their nuclear warheads.
Energy.
A battlestar such as the "Galactica" has two sources of energy. Its engines are powered by Tylium, a highly volatile liquid fuel derived from minerals mined on a limited number of planets. The Tylium is stored in two tanks located as far inboard as possible, since the detonation of either tank is sufficient to destroy the battlestar. Other energy needs are met by energizers, which are self-contained generators roughly the size of a human adult. These are distributed in decentralized fashion across the "Galactica." Networked to each other, they are able to supply sufficient power to meet the "Galactica's" needs even if some of them should fail.
Facilities.
The "Galactica" contains a wide range of facilities that contribute to her mission. These include:
The Bridge. The Bridge of the "Galactica" is located near the front of the ship, in a projection above the hull. The Bridge is the location from which the ship is directed. It houses Core Command, which coordinates Viper operations and resource allocation for the Fleet; sensor, weapons and communications controls; and the ship's helm. The Commander and his executive officer occupy a rotating platform at the center-rear of the bridge, along with a Bridge Officer who controls the helm. The bridge's rear is dominated by a large star chart, featuring glowing schematic representations of celestial bodies and their orbits on a clear substrate. The chart has the ability to display a red dot highlighting any given point, which a briefing officer can move simply by pointing his finger. A battlestar's bridge is unlike those of other starships in science fiction in that it has no one "command chair" where its Commander would sit.
The Landing Bay is a deck incorporating landing, hangar, repair and launching facilities for Vipers and shuttles. There are two of these, located amidships on both the port and starboard sides of the "Galactica." One is known as the "Alpha Landing Bay" (the other presumedly would be the "Beta Landing Bay").
After landing on the broad middle portion of the deck, Vipers are moved into launching tubes located on the outboard side of the bay. These are in a walled-off area, accessible from the main deck through garage-type doors opening onto each tube, which normally are kept closed. The landing bays can accommodate visiting small craft from non-Colonial civilizations, as well. The large portals on the aft end of each bay are equipped with devices that keep the bay's atmosphere contained, providing a shirt-sleeve environment in the bays. These devices appear to be designed in such a way that their operation is mandatory. Each bay contains decontamination booths; it is standard operating procedure for pilots who have visited an unexplored world on their mission to undergo a stint in these booths immediately after exiting their cockpits.
The Life Station or Life Center features a surgery ward, bone-fusing equipment and cold-hibernation chambers to suspend critically ill patients until they can be treated. It also includes a laboratory capable of analyzing pathogens and synthesizing antidotes, and of performing DNA screening.
The Cybernetics Laboratory. A research and fabrication facility for robotics. It was used to construct the android Muffit II, analyze captured Cylons for weaknesses, and reverse-engineer the technologies of newly encountered civilizations. It also contains forensic equipment for analyzing weapons and cleaning up garbled audio and video transmissions.
The Computer Center. This holds a mainframe computer containing, among other data, fleet personnel records. The computer is able to interface via vocal conversation, as well as via CRT displays and paper printouts. The computer is networked with the bridge.
Bachelor Warriors's Quarters. Unmarried warriors live in gender-segregated quarters, regardless of rank. These are standardized rooms equipped with bunk beds, individual lockers for personal possessions, a table and chairs. Each room sleeps twelve, with no personal privacy. The sole exception depicted in the show is Commander Adama, who lives in a private suite comprising an office, dining room, bedroom and ready room with a star chart like the one on the bridge. To minimize the amount of time required to scramble Vipers in an emergency, the bachelor quarters are served by open-topped trams running in dedicated tunnels, which lead to the ordinary elevators that connect multiple "Galactica" decks to the landing bays. In the post-Holocaust fleet, married warriors are able to live with their families in joint quarters on ships other than the "Galactica." After a decade without contact with the Cylons, conditions relax sufficiently to permit bachelor warriors to lodge on civilian ships.
The Pilot Training Center includes a large classroom in which cadets's desks double as basic Viper simulators, and at least one gimballed Viper simulator with a full-scale cockpit.
The Council Chamber is a meeting room for the Council of the Twelve, with an adjacent overflow area for observers. One wall is reserved for a star chart identical to the one on the bridge.
The Courtroom. A hearing room for courts-martial, this compartment has provision for a small number of spectators. It is provided with telecommunications equipment.
The Brig consists of cells holding warriors who are confined for discipline, or awaiting trial on serious charges. Warriors convicted of major offenses serve their prison sentences off the battlestar—meaning the prison barge in the post-Holocaust fleet.
The Chapel is a semicircular room with risers in the front, topped by large portholes providing a panoramic view of the stars. The risers bear many small candles.
The Auditorium is a large assembly room used for ceremonies. The floor consists of many small squares which can be raised or lowered on individual posts to reconfigure the room at will. For example, one arrangement featured a stage in front with risers along the sides for spectators, plus a flat area in the center for ranks of warriors.
The Rejuvenation Center is a game arcade for off-duty warriors and their families.
The Officers's Club is a bar and lounge for off-duty warrior officers.
Airlocks and Other EVA Provisions. When necessary, technicians can perform repairs on the "Galactica's" hull. They can gain access to the general area of the problem via one of a system of airlocks. The airlock portals are the size of a residential garage door, making them large enough to accommodate repair materials and tools. Handholds are provided for locomotion during the EVA; the space-suited technicians normally are tethered for their own safety.
The Children's Classroom. Some Colonists's children are taught in a classroom on the "Galactica." Their curriculum combines lectures, question-and-answer sessions and computerized lessons. The classroom is equipped with a computer terminal at each student's desk. To gain attention or permission to answer a question, a student flips a switch at his desk, which activates an adjacent light and sounds an electronic tone. Classes are taught by active-duty warriors, both here and on other ships.
The Celestial Chambers. The Celestial Chambers are clear domes housing manual navigation equipment, used in earlier centuries to double-check the ship's navigation computer. Obsolete for at least a century, all but one of the domes have been dismantled.
Other Battlestars.
Eight other Battlestars are specifically named in the series. They are the "Acropolis," the "Atlantia," the "Columbia," the "Pacifica," the "Pegasus," the "Rycon," the "Solaria," and the "Triton". Of the other ships it is known that the "Atlantia," the "Acropolis," the "Pacifica," and the "Triton" are destroyed at the Battle of Cimtar in "Saga of a Star World." The "Columbia" is mentioned in the episode "Gun on Ice Planet Zero," but it is said to also have been destroyed at Cimtar by a Centurion. The "Rycon" is mentioned in passing in the episode "Take The 'Celestra'" as the ship of Commander Kronus. The "Pegasus" is encountered in "The Living Legend." Novelizations based on the original series, various comic books, and other sources have named several other Battlestars, including the "Bellerophon," the "Cerberus," the "Olympia," and the "Prometheus".
"Battlestar Galactica" (2003).
One of the first twelve Battlestars built, "Galactica" represents the Colonial planet Caprica. In the re-imagined series, there were about 120 Battlestars in service prior to the second Cylon attack.
"Galactica" (BS-75) entered service in the early years of the first Cylon War, under the command of Commander Silas Nash. During her service, "Galactica" formed a part of Battlestar Group 75 (BSG 75), a Colonial force described by series creator Ronald D. Moore as a mixed force of vessels somewhat similar to a US Navy carrier strike group. After graduating from the Colonial Military Academy, William Adama's first posting was to the "Galactica" as a Raptor pilot.
Like many of her sister ships that survived the first Cylon War, "Galactica" underwent refits and upgrades (for example, at the end of her career, she was equipped with the latest Mark VII Viper space superiority fighter). However, the computer systems were neither networked nor integrated during these refits due to the fears of its commander, William Adama.
Due to this lack of network integration at the time of the Cylon attack, "Galactica" was unaffected by the infiltration program used by the Cylons to disable Colonial vessels and defense systems, using the Command Navigation Program (CNP), developed by Dr. Gaius Baltar and subverted by Cylon operative Number Six as a back door into such systems.
At the time of the Cylon Attack, "Galactica" was fifty years old and was undergoing formal decommissioning from the Colonial Fleet following her retirement as an operational vessel. The ship had been due to become a museum commemorating the (first) Cylon War and an educational center. Due to its age and operating conditions, the ship is unofficially known as "The Bucket" by the crews of both "Pegasus" and "Galactica". Another nickname used by the crew is "The Big G" (a possible reference to the U.S. Navy sailors' nickname for , "The Big E"). Galactica's starboard launch pod was outfitted as a Cylon war museum; this exhibit remained intact until the final mission against the Cylon colony.
Since the Cylon attack, in keeping with the concept of the original 1978 series, "Galactica" became both protector and provider to a small fleet of civilian vessels searching for the legendary planet Earth.
"Galactica" took heavy damage during its raid on New Caprica, and her hull was now clearly darker with burn marks and missile hits, most notably the three large holes on top of the ship where its armor was weakest.
The starboard hangar pod (and possibly also the deck) had been converted into a museum prior to "Galactica"s intended decommissioning. The starboard hangar deck was used to house civilian refugees from New Caprica after the evacuation, and earned the nickname "Camp Oilslick". In "A Measure of Salvation", which followed "Torn", Major Lee Adama informs "Galactica" that their Raptor was on approach to the starboard landing deck, which indicated that the starboard flight pod had started flight operations again. However, this is likely a dialogue error because in the finale it was still shown to be a museum and Oilslick was never moved.
In the episode "The Woman King", 300 additional passengers were shown being moved to the starboard hangar deck, and the area was given the name "Dogsville" by the "Galactica" crew. Upon arriving, each passenger was checked for medical issues by civilian doctors and medical staff. Also now housed in the starboard hangar deck was a makeshift bar called "Joe's", located behind a storage area. Joe's was equipped with a bumper pool table, Pyramid arcade area, and a heavily damaged Mark II Viper hanging over the bar. The bar was first seen in the episode "Taking a Break from All Your Worries". The bar appeared to have an alcohol still, similar to the one Chief Tyrol built in the port hangar deck, in the center of it. The piano that Kara Thrace plays in the episode "Someone to Watch Over Me" is located in Joe's Bar. 
In the episode "The Passage" "Galactica" was used to house fleet passengers during the trip through a star cluster, leaving the fleet vessels to be flown by skeleton crews with radiation medication. It is unclear if the passengers were returned to their vessels between "The Passage" and "The Eye of Jupiter".
"Galactica" was seen taking multiple hits from Cylon nuclear weapons and though the ship suffered damage, she was still operational. It is unclear exactly how well rated the Cylon nuclear weapons were versus "Galactica"s armor. Also, as the nukes detonated outside of the vessel, most of the energy would have been directed and attenuated out into the area of least resistance: space. However, the punishment has apparently begun to accumulate. In "Blood on the Scales", after disabling the FTL drive, Chief Tyrol noticed a large crack in an interior wall; in the subsequent episode, "No Exit", a more detailed inspection reveals hairline fractures and more obvious structural damage throughout the ship. The damage is aggravated by the fact that the original builders of the ship 'cut corners' during her construction. Tyrol suggests applying a Cylon organic resin that will insinuate itself into the hull, both repairing and strengthening the metal as it matures. Admiral Adama initially refuses the idea, but after finding cracks in the bulkheads of his own quarters, he gives Tyrol permission to do whatever it takes to repair "Galactica". The repairs were not proceeding well, with numerous electrical faults occurring throughout the ship. When Boomer made her escape, she jumped her Raptor close to the port forward section of the bow, causing a spacial distortion which caused massive damage both externally (a large, visible crater in the ship's outer hull) and internally, exacerbating the already heavy structural damage.
At the onset of the series, "Galactica"s last operational squadron of Mark VII Vipers participated in the decommissioning ceremony before departing the ship for reassignment. The squadron was redirected to intercept a group of Cylon fighters and was subsequently disabled by the Cylon computer virus and destroyed. The Mark II Vipers meant for "Galactica"s museum display were pressed into service to defend the ship; these and a small number of Mark VIIs (presumably refugees from other battlestars or spares broken out from storage) comprised the ship's fighter complement until the arrival of the Battlestar "Pegasus" midway through the second season. "Pegasus" possessed construction facilities and flight simulators that allowed it to build and train new Mark VII vipers and pilots to strengthen the squadrons of both ships. When "Pegasus" was destroyed during the liberation of New Caprica, her nearly intact squadrons were transferred to "Galactica", giving the latter a full complement of Vipers. By the time of the episode He That Believeth in Me, there were more Vipers available than qualified pilots, and trainees (known as 'nuggets') were pressed into service to defend the fleet. A significant number of pilots participated in the mutiny led by Tom Zarek and Felix Gaeta. The pilots who refused to assist William Adama in retaking the ship were court-martialed and incarcerated aboard the fleet prison vessel. The further reduction in manpower forces Adama to allow Cylon heavy raiders from the renegade basestar to assist in CAP duties alongside "Galactica"s regular pilots.
Due to the ship's age, battle damage, and subpar materials used in her construction, "Galactica" eventually begins to show signs of severe metal fatigue. Attempts to seal the ship's multiple stress fractures with the Cylon resin fail, and Adama orders the ship to be abandoned and stripped of weapons and supplies. The discovery of the Cylon colony gives "Galactica" a brief reprieve, and a skeleton crew embarks on a mission to rescue the Cylon/human child Hera.
The crew of volunteers is supplemented by Cylon centurions from the rebel base ship as well as a small number of civilians including Laura Roslin, Gaius Baltar, and Tory Foster. Samuel Anders, a Cylon left in a vegetative state due to brain damage, is connected to the ship's systems, effectively becoming the battlestar's version of a Cylon hybrid.
"Galactica" jumps to within point blank firing range of the colony, making it impossible for missiles or nukes to be utilized, and sustains more damage in the exchange of gunfire. Anders successfully disrupts the colony's systems and shuts down their weapons. A squadron of Raptors jumps from "Galactica"'s starboard landing bay, destroying it in the process, and the battlestar is rammed into the colony. Marine and centurion assault teams from the Raptors and from "Galactica" are successful in rescuing Hera, but a counter-assault by the remaining Cylon forces in the colony results in a standoff. A truce is negotiated, but hostilities resume when the Final Five fail to transmit the plans for Cylon resurrection to the colony. The colony is hit by several nukes accidentally fired from a disabled Raptor, and begins being pulled into a nearby black hole. Kara Thrace jumps the "Galactica" without retracting the landing pods, resulting in severe structure fractures along its length, effectively breaking the ship's back and rendering "Galactica" incapable of jumping again.
Thrace uses co-ordinates derived from the musical notes of a song that has haunted both her and the Final Five Cylons, resulting in the ship arriving at the planet that will eventually become modern-day Earth. A Raptor is sent to rendezvous with the fleet, and the survivors of the Twelve Colonies settle on the planet along with the remaining Cylon rebels. "Galactica" and the other ships in the fleet are abandoned. Admiral Adama flies the last Viper off the ship, and the battlestar and its fleet are scuttled by Samuel Anders, who pilots them directly into the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="2899262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899262" title="Skillin Elementary School">
Skillin Elementary School

Skillin Elementary School is an elementary school (grades K–5) in South Portland, Maine. it has over 380 students. 
The school is named for Dr. Waldo T. Skillin, a South Portland physician. 
The school accepts English as a Second Language students from across the city, and has special education programs for K–7 autistic children and K–2 emotionally disabled students.

</doc>
<doc id="2899265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899265" title="E-Rate">
E-Rate

E-Rate is the commonly used name for the Schools and Libraries Program of the Universal Service Fund, which is administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC) under the direction of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). 
Function.
The program provides discounts to assist most schools and libraries in the United States (and U.S. territories) to obtain affordable telecommunications and Internet access. It is one of four support programs funded through a Universal Service fee charged to companies that provide interstate and/or international telecommunications services.
The Schools and Libraries Program supports connectivity - the conduit or pipeline for communications using telecommunications services and/or the Internet. Funding is requested under four categories of service: telecommunications services, Internet access, internal connections, and basic maintenance of internal connections. Discounts for support depend on the level of poverty and the urban/rural status of the population served and range from 20% to 90% of the costs of eligible services. Eligible schools, school districts and libraries may apply individually or as part of a consortium.
Applicants must provide additional resources including end-user equipment (e.g., computers, telephones, etc.), software, professional development, and the other elements that are necessary to utilize the connectivity funded by the Schools and Libraries Program.
Authorization.
The Schools and Libraries portion of the Universal Service Fund, more widely known as E-Rate, was authorized as part of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. Section 254 codified provisions for universal service, a principle that broadly means everyone should have access to advanced telecommunications services at reasonable rates regardless of their location. Two measures were included to advance this goal specifically for libraries and schools. Telecommunications providers were ordered to supply their services to schools and libraries at discounted rates determined by the FCC (S.652, Section 254(h) (1)(B)). More generally, the FCC was directed to establish rules “to enhance... access to advanced telecommunications and information services for all public and nonprofit elementary and secondary school classrooms, health care providers, and libraries” (Section 254(h) (2)(A)). The FCC was given the authority to establish and periodically evaluate what services qualified for support under both measures according to four broad criteria (Section 254(c) (1)). Funding was to be provided by contributions from telecommunications providers through an unspecified but “equitable and nondiscriminatory” mechanism (Section 254(b) (4)).
Structure.
The FCC adopted Order 97-157 in response to Section 254 on May 7, 1997. The FCC determined that “telecommunications services, Internet access, and internal connections,” including “installation and maintenance,” were eligible for discounted rates (FCC 1997a, 255). Internal connections were defined as “essential element in the transmission of information within the school or library” (459). The level of discount that a school or library received would vary from 20% to 90% depending on the cost of services and level of poverty as measured by the percentage of students eligible for the national school lunch program (498). The total amount of money to be disbursed was capped at 2.25 billion (425)./15%
The FCC designed the application process to promote cost effective and accountable solutions. As a part of their applications, schools and libraries were required to conduct an assessment of their current technology resources and explain how they utilize them for their educational mission. This assessment had to be certified by an outside organization, preferably the state government. Schools and libraries were required to select vendors through a competitive bidding process publicized through a national website. Record-keeping requirements were instituted to facilitate audits. (572-581).
The FCC decided to fund E-Rate through the same pool of money collected for other Universal Service Fund, or USF, programs (584). The new language in the Telecommunications Act of 1996 expanded the pool of companies required to contribute. The expanded pool included all companies that provided interstate telecommunications service to the public for a fee (777). This raised the number of companies contributing to the USF from 65 to around 3500 (CBO, 1998, 19). A company's contribution to the USF is based on its interstate and intrastate revenues from sales to end users (FCC, 1997a, 843). Companies submit revenue projections, from which the contribution factor is determined and then assessed. This process takes place on a quarterly basis (How the USF Works). In order to preserve low-cost local phone service, companies are only permitted to increase interstate revenues to recoup their USF contribution costs (FCC, 1997a, 843).
The National Exchange Carrier Association (NECA) managed the existing universal service fund, and in their initial authorizing order the FCC directed the NECA to temporarily administer E-Rate as well (42). When the NECA was unable to agree on how to restructure its Board of Directors to reduce the influence of incumbent local exchange carriers, it instead proposed creation of a subsidiary, the Universal Service Administrative Company, with a board composed of representatives from telecommunications providers and the USF recipient groups (FCC, 1997b, 33). In Order 97-253 the FCC agreed to this proposal (12). The FCC also directed NECA to create two unaffiliated corporations to manage the schools and libraries and rural health care programs (26). However, Senator Ted Stevens and the House Committee on Commerce soon inquired whether this violated the Government Corporation Control Act. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) concluded that it did, and an amendment was added to s.1768 that required the FCC to restructure USF administration (GAO, 1998a, 5). In response, the two new corporations were terminated and their responsibilities shifted to two new divisions within USAC (FCC, 1998, 2). ABCD
Criticism.
In addition to the incorporation scandal, E-Rate faced legal challenges from eleven states and six telecommunications companies. These were consolidated in Texas Office of Public Utility Counsel, et al. v. FCC before the United States Court of Appeals for the 5th District. The chief state complaint was unrelated to E-Rate, but a company complaint about the method of contribution was relevant (GAO, 1998B). Since the USF fee collection is mandated by the federal government, the CBO and OMB consider the fees collected to be federal revenues and the money disbursed for discounts to be federal outlays (CBO, viii). However, only the United States House of Representatives is constitutionally permitted to introduce revenue-generating measures. Also, the power to establish user fees may be delegated to executive agencies, but the power to tax may not (Joint Committee, 1998). The court found that the FCC's collection of USF fees did not violate the constitution (Opinion of the U.S. Court of Appeals, 1999, (III) (5)(a)(i)(a)).
Some members of Congress objected to the level and method of funding provided by the FCC to E-Rate. They viewed the inclusion of internal connections and $2.25 billion budget as excessive and a drain on resources needed to achieve other aspects of universal service. Two such members, Representative Tauzin and Senator Burns, proposed unsuccessful legislation in the 106th Congress to end E-Rate and replace it by a block grant program administered by the Commerce Department. Several other pieces of legislation have been introduced that keep E-Rate but change the funding mechanism to avoid a direct impact on local phone service (CRS, 2003, 5-7).
In 2002, a report on USF from the FCC's Office of Inspector General raised considerable alarm. With regards to E-Rate, the OIG identified a “lack of resources for effective oversight,” “inadequate competitive bidding requirements,” and “no suspension or disbarment process” for schools, libraries, or companies with a history of fraud. Random audits conducted by the OIG led to a number of criminal investigations (FCC, 2002, 3-6). In response, Congress requested a GAO report on the health of E-Rate and planned hearings on the matter.
The GAO found serious fault with the unusual organizational structure of E-Rate. USAC was not operating under federal fiscal accountability standards. Also, the GAO decried the lack of performance measures for evaluating the impact of E-Rate funds (GAO, 2005, 4-5). The House Committee on Energy and Commerce's Subcommittee on Oversights and Investigations held four hearings into misuse of E-Rate funds. The subcommittee found a multitude of irregularities: purchases were being made with fraudulent documentation and without competitive bidding; inadequate technology plans were accepted and led to unused, wasted resources; and no protections were in place to prevent gold plating (“procurement of technology goods and services far beyond reasonable school district needs and resources”) and many other forms of abuse (Committee on Energy and Commerce, 2005, 2-3).
Impact.
Yearly requests for E-Rate funding almost triple the FCC's $2.25 billion limit (CRS, 2003, 7). At the beginning of 2005, over 100,000 schools had participated in the program (GAO, 2005, 58). In 2003, nearly half of the funding went to schools where more than half of the students receive reduced price lunches (CRS, 2004, 5). Department of Education Surveys show that between 1994 and 1999, Internet access in public schools rose from 35% to 95%, and access in classrooms rose from 3% to 63% (CRS, 2001, 5). This period coincides with growth in Internet access across society and only briefly coincides with the existence of E-Rate. It is thus impossible to causally link the two. However, other evidence does suggest a correlation. A 2006 Case study performed by the Benton Foundation found that E-Rate funding had a direct impact on classroom Internet connectivity in four cities. An evaluation of E-Rate in California by Goolsbee and Guryan showed a 68% increase in classroom connectivity per teacher but could not identify any impact on student achievement, however, a study concluded in 2005 by a University of Texas student under the supervision of Economics Professor Mike Ward, using regression analysis, showed the E-Rate program in Texas school districts to have positive effect on factors like test scores, graduation rates, and college admission rates.

</doc>
<doc id="2899275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899275" title="HMS K5">
HMS K5

HMS "K5" was one of the K-class submarines that served in the Royal Navy from 1917-1921. She was lost with all hands when she sank en route to a mock battle in the Bay of Biscay.
War service.
At the end of the war in 1918, "K5" was part of the 12th Submarine Flotilla based at Rosyth, along with six others of the K-class.
Loss.
"K5" left Torbay on 19 January 1921 with the , , and for a mock battle in the Bay of Biscay.
The submarine was commanded by an experienced officer, Lieutenant Commander John A Gaimes, DSO, RN, but had a new crew. The other officers on board were Lieutenant F Cuddeford, Engineer-Lieutenant E Bowles, Acting Engineer-Lieutenant G Baker, Lieutenant B Clarke and Acting Lieutenant R Middlemist. The full complement included 51 other ranks on board.
All 57 hands were lost on 20 January about south-west of the Isles of Scilly. She had signalled that she was diving but she did not surface at the end of the exercise. After a battery cover and a sailor's "ditty box" were recovered, it was presumed that she had somehow gone past her maximum depth.
On return from her exercises in the Mediterranean in 1922, and the rest of the fleet dropped wreaths and held a memorial service where "K5" had gone down.
Problems with the K-class.
Retired Rear-Admiral S.S. Hall wrote in "The Times" (24 January 1921, p. 10): "...it may be taken as certain that the loss of the vessel was due to some delay to checking the downward momentum gained by the vessel being overtrimmed in diving, either by admitting compressed air too slowly to too many tanks at one time, to tanks only partially full, or to a sea connexion being closed prematurely."
The waters where the battle exercises were taking place were so deep that the vessel would have been crushed, losing control due to the intake of water. Admiral Hall wrote that it was "not clear why the 'K' class should be taken for cruises in the Atlantic in winter." He describes the submarines as 'freaks' that were designed especially for the conditions of the North Sea during World War I. "The high surface speed necessitates great length, and the further complication of steam demands very large openings for funnels and air intakes to boiler rooms. These have always been a source of great anxiety in bad weather or in rapid diving."

</doc>
<doc id="2899290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899290" title="Taxiles">
Taxiles

Taksxila (in Greek Tαξίλης or Ταξίλας; lived 4th century BC) was the Greek chroniclers' name for a prince or king who reigned over the tract between the Indus and the Hydaspes Rivers in the Punjab at the time of Alexander the Great's expedition. His Indian name was Ambhi (or Ambhika, Greek: Omphis), and the Greeks appear to have called him Taxiles or Taxilas, from the name of his capital city of Taxila, near the modern city of Attock, Pakistan. 
He appears to have been on hostile terms with his neighbour, Porus, who held the territories east of the Hydaspes. It was probably with a view to strengthening himself against this foe that he sent an embassy to Alexander, while the latter was still in Sogdiana, with offers of assistance and support, perhaps in return for money. Alexander was unnerved by the sight of Ambhi's forces on his first descent into India in 327 BCE and ordered his own forces to form up. Ambhi hastened to relieve Alexander of his apprehension and met him with valuable presents, placing himself and all his forces at his disposal. Alexander not only returned Ambhi his title and the gifts but he also presented him with a wardrobe of "Persian robes, gold and silver ornaments, 30 horses and 1000 talents in gold". Alexander was emboldened to divide his forces, and Ambhi assisted Hephaestion and Perdiccas in constructing a bridge over the Indus where it bends at Hund (Fox 1973), supplied their troops with provisions, and received Alexander himself, and his whole army, in his capital city of Taxila, with every demonstration of friendship and the most liberal hospitality. 
On the subsequent advance of the Macedonian king, Taxiles accompanied him with a force of 5000 men and took part in the battle of the Hydaspes River. After that victory he was sent by Alexander in pursuit of Porus, to whom he was charged to offer favourable terms, but narrowly escaped losing his life at the hands of his old enemy. Subsequently, however, the two rivals were reconciled by the personal mediation of Alexander; and Taxiles, after having contributed zealously to the equipment of the fleet on the Hydaspes, was entrusted by the king with the government of the whole territory between that river and the Indus. A considerable accession of power was granted him after the death of Philip, son of Machatas; and he was allowed to retain his authority at the death of Alexander himself (323 BC), as well as in the subsequent partition of the provinces at Triparadisus, 321 BC.
Later Ambhi was deposed and killed by Chandragupta Maurya, the emperor of the Mauryan Empire who annexed Taxila. Later Taxila became the capital of the northern province of the Mauryan Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="2899298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899298" title="Jerzy Franciszek Kulczycki">
Jerzy Franciszek Kulczycki

Jerzy Franciszek Kulczycki (', Yuriy Frants Kulchytsky'") (1640 – February 19, 1694), of the Sas coat of arms, was a szlachta (Polish-Lithuanian nobleman), Western Ukrainian nobleman of Orthodox faith, merchant, spy, diplomat and soldier, and considered a hero by the people of Vienna for his actions at the 1683 Battle of Vienna. According to a popular legend, he opened the first café in the city, using coffee beans left by the retreating Ottoman Turks.
His name often rendered in German as "".
Biography.
Kulczycki was born in 1640 in Kulchytsi, near Sambir, (then part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, now western Ukraine ). He was born into an old Orthodox-Ruthenian noble family, Kulchytsky-Shelestovich, although his father had converted to Catholicism. As a young man, Kulczycki joined the Zaporozhian Cossacks during which time he demonstrated a gift for languages and worked as an interpreter. Captured by the Turks, he was bought by Serbian merchants who needed a translator. He was fluent in the Ukrainian, Turkish, German, Hungarian, Romanian, and Polish languages. Kulczycki started to work as a translator for the Belgrade branch of the Austrian Oriental Company ("Orientalische Handelskompagnie"). When the Turkish authorities began repressing foreign traders as spies, he avoided arrest by claiming Polish citizenship and moved to Vienna, where through his earlier work he had gathered enough wealth to open up his own trading company in 1678.
During the Siege of Vienna (1683), he volunteered to leave the besieged and starving city and contact Duke Charles of Lorraine. Together with his trusty servant, the Serbian Đorđe Mihajlović, he left the city in Turkish attire and crossed enemy lines singing Ottoman songs. After contacting the duke, the pair managed to return to the city and reach it with a promise of imminent relief. Because of that information, the city council decided not to surrender to the Turkish forces of Kara Mustafa Pasha and continue the fight instead.
After the arrival of Christian forces led by the Polish king Jan III Sobieski, on September 12, the siege was broken. Kulczycki was considered a hero by the grateful townspeople of Vienna. The city council awarded him with a considerable sum of money while the burghers gave him a house in the borough of Leopoldstadt. King Jan III Sobieski himself presented Kulczycki with large amounts of coffee found in the captured camp of Kara Mustafa's army.
Kulczycki opened a coffee house in Vienna at Schlossergassl near the cathedral. It was named the "Hof zur Blauen Flasche" ('House under the Blue Bottle'). Kulczycki's abilities helped popularize coffee in Austria and with time his café became one of the most popular places in town. Kulczycki always served the mortar-ground coffee wearing a Turkish attire, which added to the place's popularity. Another of his innovations was to serve coffee with milk, a manner that was unknown to the Turks.
He remains a popular folk hero and the patron of all Viennese café owners even though his café closed soon after his death on February 20, 1694. Until recently, every year in October a special Kolschitzky feast was organized by the café owners of Vienna, who decorated their shop windows with Kulczycki's portrait, as noted by Zygmunt Gloger. Kulczycki is memorialized with a statue on Vienna's "Kolschitzky" street, at the corner of the house Favoritenstraße 64.

</doc>
<doc id="2899307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899307" title="Poaching (disambiguation)">
Poaching (disambiguation)

Poaching or poacher may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2899310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899310" title="Annandale-on-Hudson, New York">
Annandale-on-Hudson, New York

Annandale-on-Hudson is a hamlet in Dutchess County, New York, USA, in the Hudson Valley in the town of Red Hook, across the Hudson River from Kingston.
The town takes its name from an estate donated by John Bard and his wife to Columbia University so that a college could be formed there. Today, Bard College stands on the land that John Bard donated. Bard College houses the only post office for Annandale-on-Hudson's ZIP code, 12504. The land comprising Annandale-on-Hudson, sometimes shortened to just "Annandale", is primarily owned by Bard College, though there are a few private residences, some small businesses, and undeveloped land controlled by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.
Municipal services.
Emergency services at Annandale-on-Hudson are provided by the municipal Red Hook Police Department, the Dutchess County Sheriff's Office, New York State Police, Red Hook Volunteer Fire Company, and Tivoli, New York Volunteer Fire Company. Students, faculty, and staff of Bard College also receive on-campus emergency assistance from Bard College Safety and Security and the student-run Bard EMS.
History.
Despite its tiny geographic coverage, there is significant history rooted in Annandale-on-Hudson. Blithewood, a mansion originally designed by an alumnus of the architectural firm of McKim, Mead and White for Andrew Zabriskie in 1899, was donated to Bard College in 1951 by the Zabriskie family. The Blithewood mansion now houses the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College. The Manor Estate is another historical mansion located on campus.
Bard College resident-archaeologist, Dr. Christopher Lindner, has done extensive research on local history, including predominantly Native Americans and Dutch settlers, as well as the old money that used to reside in the area.
References to the location.
The American jazz-rock group Steely Dan formed at Bard in the era when Chevy Chase and Blythe Danner attended, and make reference to being so angry about the college refusing to bail one of their girlfriends out after a raid by local police that they reference it in the song "My Old School" from their 1973 album "Countdown to Ecstasy".
Annadale-on-Hudson is the fictional hometown of the X-Men character Jean Grey in Marvel Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="2899313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899313" title="SRF zwei">
SRF zwei

SRF zwei () is a Swiss television channel run under the public SRG SSR broadcasting group.
History.
The channel was launched in 1997 as 'SF 2', originally only to offer SF 1 programming in later hours. It subsequently became a youth-oriented channel, airing programs oriented to a teen audience, such as American TV shows. It is the second of the three national German-language channels in Switzerland (the others being SRF 1 and SRF info).
Its programming consists of local programs as well as a wide range of American prime time shows. SRF zwei usually airs these in dual audio, offering the original spoken language. While SRF 1 is considered to be the channel that airs more local programming, infotainment and other programs of that nature, SRF zwei concentrates on airing high quality prime time shows and other more entertaining programs, including American television shows.

</doc>
<doc id="2899315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899315" title="George Seawright">
George Seawright

George Seawright (c. 1951 - 3 December 1987) was a controversial unionist politician and paramilitary in Northern Ireland who was assassinated by the Irish People's Liberation Organisation (IPLO) during the Troubles.
Early life.
Born in Glasgow, Scotland from an Ulster Protestant background, Seawright lived in Drumchapel and worked in the shipyards of Clydeside. Also living for a time in Springburn, he was one of the few Scots to join the Ulster Protestant Volunteers in the late 1960s.
He then worked in the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast until entering politics as a member of the Democratic Unionist Party. As well as being a shipyard worker he also served as a lay preacher and was an elder in north Belfast's John Knox Memorial Free Presbyterian Church. Seawright was also a member of an Orange Lodge in the Ballysillan area of North Belfast and the Apprentice Boys of Derry. He lived in the unionist Glencairn estate in the northwest of the city with his wife and three children.
Politics and controversy.
Seawright was noted for his fiery rhetoric and was elected to Belfast City Council in 1981 and soon developed a following amongst unionists. The following year he was elected as the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) candidate to the 1982 Northern Ireland Assembly. Seawright, who had initially campaigned for John McQuade before securing his own candidacy, had problems with the party leadership from early on as, he claimed, he was viewed as lacking respectability due to his rough personality, his residence in social housing and the fact that he was in arrears to the Northern Ireland Housing Executive.
Seawright courted controversy throughout his fairly brief career and was criticised for an interview he gave to "Nationalism Today", a journal produced in support of the Political Soldier wing of the British National Front (NF). In it, Seawright praised the NF, not only for their support for Ulster loyalism but also for their stance on race and immigration. His younger brother David Seawright was an active member of the NF.
In 1984, following the erection of an Irish tricolour on Whiterock leisure centre, Seawright led a group of loyalists wielding legally-held handguns to physically remove it. Despite their efforts two flags were put up to replace it soon afterwards. Following a heated exchange in which People's Democracy councillor John McAnulty described the British Union Flag as "a butcher's apron" McAnulty alleged that Seawright delivered a veiled death threat, saying: "I have a soft spot for you Mr McAnulty, it's in Milltown Cemetery."
He continued to court controversy when he told a meeting of the Belfast Education and Library Board in 1984 that Irish Catholics who objected to the singing of the British national anthem "are just fenian scum who have been indoctrinated by the Catholic Church. Taxpayers' money would be better spent on an incinerator and burning the lot of them. Their priests should be thrown in and burnt as well." Seawright denied making these comments, although they were widely reported by the press at the time. The comments had been sparked by a debate before the board about building a new incinerator at a Catholic primary school. He was prosecuted and received a six-month suspended sentence as a result.
DUP withdraw support.
Following these high-profile political mistakes, the DUP withdrew the party whip from Seawright, although he managed to hold his support base and was returned to the Council in 1985 as an independent under the label 'Protestant Unionist'. He was shunned by the DUP and UUP city councillors; indeed the only people who would talk to him were Sinn Féin city councillors. Nonetheless he did not sever his ties with all DUP members and in summer 1985 joined Ivan Foster, Jim Wells and George Graham in a failed attempt to force a banned loyalist march through the mainly nationalist town of Castlewellan. Seawright did however split from the Free Presbyterian Church and instead worshipped at the Shankill Road's Church of God.
As a candidate for the Westminster elections, Seawright twice contested the North Belfast constituency. In 1983, as a DUP candidate, Seawright finished second with 8,260 votes behind Cecil Walker of the Ulster Unionists, whilst in 1987 he finished third behind Walker and Alban Maginness (Social Democratic and Labour Party) with 5,671 votes as a Protestant Unionist candidate (although the DUP did not contest the seat due to an electoral pact among Unionist candidates at the time). Seawright took the name Ulster Protestant League, which had been used by an earlier loyalist group, for his largely working-class Evangelical group of supporters even though the name was not used for electoral purposes.
Move to loyalism.
In the aftermath of the Anglo-Irish Agreement and his removal from the DUP Seawright moved publicly closer to loyalism. He stated that he felt it would be impossible to resist the Agreement solely through non-violence and further argued that it would be inevitable for loyalists to break from Ian Paisley and Jim Molyneaux as the two leaders of unionism would never publicly endorse a violent response. For Seawright conflict was inevitable, especially with the growing electoral success of Sinn Féin which he argued would harden both communities and bring about civil war.
Seawright further enhanced his notoriety when, on 20 November 1985, he took a leading role in the protests against the visit of the then Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Tom King to Belfast City Hall, where King was denounced for his part in the Anglo-Irish Agreement and attacked physically by Seawright and other protestors. For his part in the incident Seawright was sentenced to nine months imprisonment in Magilligan prison in October 1986. As a result of this jailing, Seawright was forced to vacate his seat on Belfast City Council. The Workers' Party blocked the co-option of his wife Liz, who nevertheless beat the Workers' Party by 93% to 7% in the subsequent by-election (in which she also stood under the label of Protestant Unionist). She held the seat in 1989, but lost it in the 1993 local government election.
He courted further controversy in September 1986 when he publicly called for revenge after the killing of John Bingham, a leading UVF member and friend of Seawright, by the IRA. Raymond Mooney, a Catholic civilian, was killed soon after Seawright made the statement. He made similar remarks the following year when William "Frenchie" Marchant was killed by republicans, stating that he had "no hesitation in calling for revenge and retribution". Seawright's North Belfast campaign in 1987 also played up his loyalist image with Seawright dubbing himself "the man who will not be silenced". He further promised to follow an abstentionist policy if he were elected in protest at the Anglo-Irish Agreement.
Death.
Following his release, Seawright made plans to regain his seat, although ultimately he was to be assassinated before the opportunity arrived. Martin Dillon alleged in his book "The Dirty War" that Seawright met with representatives of the Irish People's Liberation Organisation (IPLO) in the Europa Hotel, after being informed by the RUC that he was on an IPLO hit list. It was alleged that during the meeting, Seawright agreed to provide low level information to the IPLO in exchange for his safety. Nonetheless, on 19 November 1987 Seawright was shot whilst he waited in a car near a taxi firm on the Shankill Road (for whom he was due to begin working) by the IPLO, dying of the wounds he suffered on 3 December that same year. Dillon further claimed that Seawright's details, as well as those of Bingham, Lenny Murphy and William Marchant had been supplied to their killers by leading Ulster Defence Association member James Craig in return for the republicans guaranteeing his safety. According to an internal UDA document investigating claims of collusion with republicans Craig had brought two other members to the car park of the Shankill Road leisure centre on the day Seawright was killed, a location only fifty yards away from the murder scene. The UVF blamed the killing on Martin "Rook" O'Prey, a leading IPLO hitman who was killed by the UVF at his home in 1991. They questioned Craig about his alleged involvement but decided that he had not played any role in the killing.
In August 2006 the Ulster Volunteer Force listed Seawright in a list of its members who were killed during the "Troubles". It has also been claimed by Henry McDonald and Jim Cusack that Seawright was an informer who passed information about loyalists to the Royal Ulster Constabulary Special Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="2899318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899318" title="Robert J. Beck">
Robert J. Beck

Robert J. Beck (born 1961) is an educator and scholar of international law and international relations.
Education.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and educated at Marquette University High School, Beck received an Honors B.A. "Magna Cum Laude" (Political Science, History, Latin), Phi Beta Kappa, from Marquette University in 1983. He received MA (1985) and PhD (1989, with distinction) degrees in International Politics from Georgetown University's Department of Government.
Academic career.
An Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, Beck also teaches in the Global Studies degree program. In addition, he currently serves as UWM's Associate Vice Chancellor and Chief Information Officer.
From 2003-2013, he was Chief Information Officer of UWM's College of Letters and Science. From 2000 until July of 2011 he served as Director of Academic Technology at UWM's Center for International Education. From 1998-2000, he served as Director of Tufts University's Center for Teaching Excellence. Beck earlier taught at the University of Virginia (Government & Foreign Affairs, 1989–90, 91-98) and the University of Minnesota (Political Science, 1990–91).
Beck maintains two noteworthy websites: Learning Objects; and Foreign Affairs Online. Beck has been a regular scholarly collaborator with his long-time friend, Anthony Clark Arend. Since 2003, he has also been a regularly featured guest on the television series, "International Focus", produced by the Institute of World Affairs at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="2899334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899334" title="Midget professional wrestling">
Midget professional wrestling

A midget professional wrestler is a dwarf or person of short stature who competes in professional wrestling. The heyday of midget wrestling was in the 1950s and 1960s, when wrestlers such as Little Beaver, Lord Littlebrook, and Fuzzy Cupid toured North America, and Sky Low Low was the first holder of the National Wrestling Alliance's World Midget Championship. In the following couple of decades, more wrestlers became prominent in North America, including foreign wrestlers like Japan's Little Tokyo.
The event was very popular in wrestling promotions from the 1950s into the 1970s. Many cards featured midget wrestlers and included tag team and women's midget wrestling. Television shows for promotions in various cities would frequently include midget matches.
Midget wrestling began to wane after World Wrestling Federation (WWF)'s WrestleMania III. Afterward, promotions continued to feature midget divisions, but its popularity was slowly declining. By the mid-1990s, midget wrestlers were mostly featured in comical matches and segments, rather than serious competitive wrestling-type matches. In Mexico, however, this was not the case, as wrestler Mascarita Sagrada continued to compete in prominent Mexican promotions such as Asistencia Asesoría y Administración and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre. By the mid-2000s in the United States, midget divisions were once again being featured in major wrestling promotions, and wrestlers such as World Wrestling Entertainment (formerly the WWF)'s Hornswoggle were competing for and winning championships made for average-size male wrestlers.
The Little People of America (LPA) have criticized midget wrestling as reinforcing stereotypes that little people are no more than entertainment. The LPA also frowns on the use of the word "midget" in the name of the sport—claiming that it is as offensive as a racial slur—but the performers themselves do not always feel the same way.
United States and Canada.
Early history.
Midget professional wrestling had its early origins in the vaudeville shows of the United States. In these shows, comedy was as important as athletics. The sport is also indebted to professional wrestling's carny origins, where a premium was placed on the visually unusual.
Heyday.
In 1949, Sky Low Low won a thirty-man battle royal to become the winner of the first NWA World Midget Championship, a singles midget championship promoted by the National Wrestling Alliance. Sky Low Low, one of the most prominent midget professional wrestlers, had a longtime feud with Farmer Brooks.
The 1950s have been called the "golden age of midget wrestling." During the decade, Sky Low Low, Little Beaver, Lord Littlebrook, and Fuzzy Cupid all toured the territories of Canada, wrestling in promotions such as Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling. The dominant promoter and booker for midget wrestling at the time was Jack Britton, who was stationed in Montreal. In Ontario, Larry Kasaboski also promoted midget wrestling shows. In Canada, Sky Low Low and Little Beaver earned up to 15% of the gate proceeds at their events. The midget professional wrestlers had many gimmicks to attract audiences and revenue. One of Sky Low Low's gimmicks was an open challenge to any other midget professional wrestlers to beat him in a two out of three falls match for $100. He would also turn himself upside down and balance on his head. The duo of Sky Low Low and Little Beaver even squared off in a match for Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and King Farouk of Egypt. Sky Low Low also frequently teamed with Fuzzy Cupid in tag team matches. Meanwhile, Lord Littlebrook was credited as being one of the first wrestlers of any height to use aerial maneuvers in his matches. In addition to North America, Littlebrook wrestled in Australia, Japan and Thailand. The midget wrestlers also performed in Cuba prior to the 1950s, South America, Central America, England, Ireland, Scotland, and the countries on the mainland European continent.
In the 1960s, Littlebook trained other midget wrestlers, including Cowboy Lang. Female wrestler The Fabulous Moolah also trained midget wrestlers at her home in South Carolina, including female midget wrestler Diamond Lil.
Female midget wrestlers were popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Beginning in the mid-to-late 1960s, Diamond Lil wrestled Darling Dagmar, and in the 1970s, Lil mainly feuded with Princess Little Dove. Other prominent female competitors included Sheila Johnson, Cherrie Lamour, and Gypsey Rose. The women, as well as the men, competed regularly for promotions such as Georgia Championship Wrestling.
Peak and decline.
Midget wrestling continued to be popular into the 1970s and 1980s, with foreign wrestlers coming to the United States to compete. Little Tokyo, a Japanese professional wrestler, made his way to the National Wrestling Alliance in the 1970s. British wrestler Lord Littlebrook continued to compete, but he became a manager for Jack Victory and Rip Morgan in World Championship Wrestling in the late-1980s.
The World Wrestling Federation featured several midget wrestlers on their cards in the 1980s. At WrestleMania II in April 1986, The Haiti Kid appeared in the corner of actor Mr. T, who was in a match against wrestling Roddy Piper. On March 12, 1987, at the WWF's WrestleMania III event—which had a record attendance of over 93,000 fans and is considered the pinnacle of the 1980s wrestling boom—featured a tag team match with midget wrestlers Haiti Kid and Little Beaver, with average sized wrestler Hillbilly Jim defeating Little Tokyo and Lord Littlebrook, with King Kong Bundy by disqualification. During the match, Bundy slammed Little Beaver to the mat, which broke his back and forced him into early retirement. Sky Low Low was also touring with the WWF in the 1980s.
Promotions such as World Class Championship Wrestling and Windy City Wrestling also had midget divisions during this time. Grand Prix Wrestling in Canada employed midget wrestlers, including Farmer Brooks until it closed in 1992. In late 1992, Canadian Claude Giroux signed on with the WWF and teamed with The Bushwhackers in their feud against The Beverly Brothers, both of which were teams of full-sized wrestlers.
Competitive midget wrestling, however, declined sharply in the United States in the early 1990s. Midget wrestlers began to show up in more comedic roles, which has been criticized by the Little People of America as being "thoroughly degrading and puts little people out there as a sideshow and entertainment." In these comedic roles, the wrestlers appeared as miniature versions of existing full-size wrestling stars. For example, Claude Giroux continued his tenure in the WWF by dressing up as a smaller version of larger wrestlers, most prominent was his Dink the Clown character, who was the "mini" of Doink the Clown. As Dink, Giroux appeared at 1994's WrestleMania X in a match where he teamed with Doink against Bam Bam Bigelow and Luna Vachon. He made another appearance at that year's Survivor Series teaming with Doink and two other midget wrestlers (Pink and Wink) in a match against Jerry Lawler and Lawler's "minis" (Sleazy, Queasy and Cheesy). In response to the growing popularity of using midget wrestlers as comedy, Lord Littlebrook, who was popular in the 1950s, stated "I'm disgusted, I really am...I want midget wrestling, I don't want midget comedy."
Resurgence.
In the late 1990s, the WWF and Mexico's Asistencia Asesoría y Administración had a talent sharing program that allowed several lucha libre midget wrestlers to compete on WWF television. These wrestlers included Max Mini, El Torito, Mascarita Sagrada, Mini Vader, and La Parkita. Like in the United States, these midget wrestlers played "mini" versions of WWF and AAA's full-size wrestlers. Sagrada, repackaged as a character named Nova, made his in ring debut in a midget wrestling match at Bad Blood in 1997 where he teamed with Max Mini against Tarantula and Mosaic. The midget wrestlers appeared on "WWF Shotgun Saturday Night" and "WWF Monday Night Raw". The WWF's midget wrestlers also appeared in matches at the Royal Rumble in 1997 and the Royal Rumble in 1998.
World Championship Wrestling (WCW) also had an influx of Mexican midget wrestlers. In late 1996, full-size wrestler Máscara Sagrada wrestled in a dark match before Starrcade in 1996 where he teamed with Octagóncito (mini version of Octagón) and defeated Jerrito Estrada and Piratita Morgan, the latter of which was also a little person. The next day, the teams faced again, this time on "WCW Monday Nitro".
On the independent circuit, there was an increased interest in midget hardcore wrestling matches, and groups such as the Half Pint Brawlers began selling DVDs and opening for musical acts such as Kid Rock. World Wrestling All-Stars also featured the hardcore matches in 2002 through 2003, with performers such as Meatball, Teo, and Puppet competing in matches where they hit each other with trashcans and other foreign objects. In the early days of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (NWA:TNA) in 2002, where the promotion featured a hardcore midget wrestling division. Although the division was later abandoned, at Victory Road in 2004—the company's first monthly pay-per-view event—Mascarita Sagrada defeated Piratita Morgan.
In 2005, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) announced the creation of a "juniors" division within their SmackDown! brand, which consisted of wrestlers at or below five feet tall but was discontinued in March 2006. Despite releasing many of the "junior" talent, they hired Dylan Postl in May 2006, who played a leprechaun character (named Little Bastard and later Hornswoggle), who accompanied Irish wrestler Fit Finlay to the ring. At The Great American Bash in July 2007, he won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship, a title normally held by full size male wrestlers. Finlay and Hornswoggle also challenged for the WWE Tag Team Championship at Night of Champions in June 2008. During his tenure with the company, midget wrestlers employed in the independent circuit, including Short Sleeve Sampson, were brought in to portray the mini versions of larger wrestlers with whom Finlay was feuding.
In February 2000, the Micro Wrestling Federation (MWF), a wrestling promotion made up entirely of little people, was established. The promotion featured both serious wrestling matches and more comedic aspects. In early 2008, the Entertainment Shack booking agency acquired the MWF. After the acquisition, the entertainment agency hired many new midget wrestlers making the organization the largest midget wrestling show in the US. This show can be seen nationwide with a tour schedule that encompasses the entire US, Canada, and South America. The promotion usually books between 150 and 180 shows a year.
In the 21st century, there has been a lot of controversy surrounding the sport. The hardcore wrestling troupe the Half Pint Brawlers simulated sex, used staple guns as weapons, and performed using other hardcore antics in January 2008 during a Delta Upsilon fraternity event at Northwestern University. The event caused the fraternity to face disciplinary actions. In August 2008, the female performers in the MWF caused a disturbance when they appeared topless in a bar in Canton, Illinois. In addition, the Little People of America began to frown upon the use of the word "midget" in 2007, as they considered it degrading. The wrestlers involved in the sport, however, do not always agree with this assessment, citing the longevity of the sport and the appeal of the term to audiences.
Mexico.
Mascarita Sagrada is the most popular midget wrestler in Mexico and has also been featured in World Wrestling Entertainment and World Championship Wrestling in the United States. In Mexico, he has competed in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), and a long list of independent promoters over the years. He debuted in CMLL, where he was patterned after popular luchador Máscara Sagrada and given his ring name which is Spanish for "Little Sacred Mask". During his first year working as Mascarita Sagrada he made guest appearances in Puerto Rico working for the World Wrestling Council (WWC) at their 17th Anniversary show teaming with Aguilita Solitaria in a losing effort against the team of Piratita Morgan and Espectrito. This match was one of the early pairings of Mascarita Sagrada and Espectrito, a rivalry that would last for a decade and span several promotions.
In the 1990s, when midget wrestling in the United States began to decline in popularity, it remained popular in Mexico. In fact, prominent Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) created their midget division the year before in 1989. In 1992, the promotion established its primary championship for midget wrestlers, the CMLL World Mini-Estrella Championship. Mascarita Sagrada was the first champion.
Mascarita Sagrada and Espectrito continued their feud in AAA, now with the newly created Mexican National Mini-Estrella Championship in the 1990s. In January 1994, Espectrito became the first champion after winning a tournament final. On November 1994 Sagrada and Octagoncito teamed up to defeat Espectrito and Jerrito Estrada on AAA's first ever pay-per-view event When Worlds Collide. In 2002, AAA established the AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship, which was a tag team championship that was held by a full-size wrestler and his "mini". The initial champions were Mascara Sagrada and Mascarita Sagrada, who held the title for approximately two years before losing it to El Alebrije and Cuije. The latter team held the championship until April 7, 2009 when they left the promotion and the title was vacated.
Championships and accomplishments.
Sky Low Low (Marcel Gauthier) who was the National Wrestling Alliance's first World Midget Champion, Little Beaver (Lionel Giroux), Lord Littlebrook, and Fuzzy Cupid all have been inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame. In addition, other awards were developed for the midget professional wrestlers. For example, "Pro Wrestling Illustrated" presented a Midget Wrestler of the Year award annually from 1972 to 1976.
The National Wrestling Alliance promoted the NWA World Midget's Championship from 1949 until 1999. Little Tokyo held the title more than any other wrestler, with a total of three reigns. There was also a World Midget Tag Team Championship, which was held by wrestlers such as Little Tokyo and Lord Littlebrook. There are also several Mexican midget titles, including AAA World Mini-Estrellas Championship and Mascot Tag Team Championship, Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre's World Mini-Estrella Championship, Mexican National Mini-Estrella Championship, and the World Wrestling Association's Minis Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="2899340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899340" title="Ōwakudani">
Ōwakudani

Access.
Access to Ōwakudani is via a funitel, the Hakone Ropeway. There is also a road to a visitor's center just below the Kuro-tamago hot springs site. Most visitors hike the roughly 1 kilometer trail or take the Hakone Ropeway to the actual site where the eggs are boiled to participate in the ritual egg eating. The funitel offers a stunning view of both Mount Fuji (on clear days) and the sulphur vents just below the visitor's center. Present day activities surrounding sulphur vents are the result of massive land slides in the past, construction of concrete barriers and stabilization of the area have been under way for many decades.

</doc>
<doc id="2899342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899342" title="Taral Hicks">
Taral Hicks

Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974 in The Bronx, New York) is an American actress and singer. She is most known for her role as Jane Williams in the 1993 American crime drama film A Bronx Tale alongside Robert De Niro. She also recorded a cover version of Deniece Williams's 1981 song "Silly" for her 1997 debut studio album This Time which peaked at #4 on Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
Career.
Film.
Hicks began her film career with a role alongside Robert De Niro in the 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995's "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996's "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher's Wife" with Whitney Houston. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Two television guest roles followed: 2002's "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005's "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006's "Forbidden Fruits" with Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007's "Humenetomy"; and 2010's "Ex$pendable". She currently has in production the film, "Disciple", a psychological thriller about a serial killer terrorizing a small town. She plays an attorney who gets involved in the sick twist of the town's brutal crimes. The film stars Persia White and Tanya Thompson and is directed by The Clark Brothers. Additionally, she co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry's "Aunt Bam's Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, GA (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.
Music.
In 1997, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Hype Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut (and in her largest role to date), 1998's "Belly", as Keisha, DMX's girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film's scenes.Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.
Personal life.
Hicks graduated in 1993 from Grace Dodge Vocational High School in Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D'atra Hicks. Hicks is currently married to Loren Dawson, with whom she had two sons, and lives in North Jersey, where she is working as a teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="2899346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899346" title="Westdorpe">
Westdorpe

Westdorpe is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Terneuzen, and lies about 31 km southeast of Vlissingen.
Westdorpe was a separate municipality until 1970, when it was merged with Sas van Gent.
In 2001, the village of Westdorpe had 1317 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.30 km², and contained 614 residences.
The statistical area "Westdorpe", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2080.

</doc>
<doc id="2899349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899349" title="Lord Littlebrook">
Lord Littlebrook

Eric Tovey (born January 3, 1929) is a British former Midget wrestler best known as Lord Littlebrook. He enjoyed his greatest success during the 1970s, when he held the NWA World Midget's Championship. He was also part of the Wrestlemania III card in 1987 in front of a record 93,173 fans at the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, the largest professional wrestling attendance in North American history. Roger Littlebrook
Career.
Tovey was born in England and grew up with six siblings. He began performing in front of audiences in the circus at the age of 14 serving as an acrobatic midget clown. Tovey traveled to the United States with the circus in 1949 but lost his job when the circus went out of business. He was then convinced by a friend that he would be an ideal midget wrestler. After three months of training, Tovey made his debut as "Lord Littlebrook" against Major Tom Thumb. Although from a plebeian background, Tovey took a nobility gimmick in line with the general American stereotype of Britishers.
He is credited as being one of the first wrestlers to use aerial assaults on his opponents, paving the way for high wire acts such as Jimmy Snuka, The Rockers, and Koko B. Ware.
As Littlebrook, Tovey enjoyed great success in places such as Australia, Japan and Thailand. From 1956 to 1958, he wrestled in New York state. He faced other midget wrestlers, including several who he would later wrestle in the World Wrestling Federation. He won most of his matches, although he was booked to lose several tag team matches. In the late 1960s, he competed regularly for Georgia Championship Wrestling. Again, he wrestled in matches against other midget wrestlers and was victorious in the majority of his matches.
In 1979, Littlebrook began wrestling with the American Wrestling Association (AWA). He was brought in to team with The Crusher in a feud with Lord Alfed Hayes and Super Destroyer Mark II. In 1986, he competed in a tag team match at the AWA's WrestleRock event, teaming with Little Tokyo. The pair lost to Little Mr. T and Cowboy Lang. He also competed in WrestleMania III in a mixed tag-team match with Little Tokyo and King Kong Bundy against Hillbilly Jim, Little Beaver and Haiti Kid. Littlebrook's team was disqualified when Bundy bodyslammed and dropped an elbow on Little Beaver.
Tovey was involved in the wrestling business for 47 years as a wrestler, manager and a trainer. He trained Colonel DeBeers, as well as Butch Reed and Mike George. In the late 1980s, Tovey, as Lord Littlebrook, was brought in to World Championship Wrestling to manage Jack Victory and Rip Morgan, who teamed as The Royal Family. Tovey has also been enshrined into the Canadian Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
Tovey currently lives in Saint Joseph, Missouri with his son Bobby
. He also has two sons, Chris and Bobby, both of whom compete as Kato and Beautiful Bobby with the midget wrestling group the Half Pint Brawlers, and 28 grandchildren. Since retiring from wrestling, Tovey has been diagnosed with dementia and has lost the use of both of his legs. He had surgery for skin cancer on his arm recently and is doing well.

</doc>
<doc id="2899354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899354" title="Tiken Jah Fakoly">
Tiken Jah Fakoly

Tiken Jah Fakoly (born 23 June 1968) is an Ivorian reggae singer.
Early life.
Moussa Doumbia, known as Tiken Jah Fakoly, was born into a family of griots on June 23, 1968 in Odienné, north-western Côte d'Ivoire. He discovered reggae at an early age, assembling his first group, "Djelys", in 1987. He became well-known at a regional level, but would soon ascend to national recognition.
Career.
Concerned by the social and political evolution of his country, it was not long before Tiken Jah was writing incisive works on the political environment in Côte d'Ivoire. One such work was on the death of Félix Houphouët-Boigny in 1993, which resulted in a surge of popularity amongst the nation's youth. In 1998, Fakoly made his first international appearance in Paris.
Tiken Jah Fakoly plays music "to wake up the consciences". His music speaks about the many injustices done to the people of his country and Africans in general, as well as inciting calls for pan-Africanism and an African economic, political and cultural resurgence. As such, many African listeners feel a deep affinity with his lyrics as Fakoly speaks for oppressed people. This connection has helped make Tiken Jah Fakoly a much-listened artist throughout the world.
Since the rise in political instability and xenophobia in Côte d'Ivoire in recent years, Tiken Jah has been living in exile, particularly in Bamako (capital of the neighboring country of Mali) where his concerts are well-attended. In December 2007, Fakoly was declared "persona non grata" in Senegal after criticizing President Abdoulaye Wade.
In 2009 Tiken Jah launched a campaign entitled "Un concert une école", or One Concert, One School. Through the campaign, and in collaboration with institutions and associations, he was able to finance the construction of a school in the village of Touroni, and a college in Dianké, Mali. He held concerts in Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire and Guinée Conakry, accompagnied by a vast communication campaign promoting education. 
Discography.
NOTE: "Mangercratie" was released in France in 1999 and in Canada in 2000. "Cours d'histoire" was released in France in 2000 and in Canada in 2001. The first two albums were only released in Côte d'Ivoire. His first music video is "Plus jamais ça" ("Mangercratie" album), directed by J.G Biggs.
Outside Projects.
Tiken Jah Fakoly has recorded various tracks with other artists. He is featured on Steel Pulse: "African Holocaust", on Didier Awadi: "Stoppez les criminels", on Riké: "Airt Frais", on Bernard Lavilliers: "Carnets De Bord", on Amadou & Mariam: "Dimanche À Bamako", on Dub Incorporation "Diversité", and on Tata Pound: "Cikan". He also appears on the compilation "African Consciences with Mebgane N’Dour". He features in the movie "Les Oiseaux Du Ciel", directed by Eliane de Latour. 2009 ""Africa's Reggae Legend in the Making"", Directed by Mackie Fagan. 
Tiken Jah actively participated in the documentary "Sababou" by Samir Benchikh which aims to promote a positive image of Africa and especially Ivory Coast, by demonstrating how people like Tiken have been engaged in ameliorating the living conditions for people in West Africa through peace, democracy, fighting hunger, promoting education, etc. 
In 2014 he contributed to the track "Cocoa Na Chocolate" with other African artists, in support of the "Do Agric, It Pays" campaign by ONE .
Awards.
2003: Victoires de la Musique 2003, in the category of Reggae Album/Ragga/World with the album "Françafrique".
2008: First Freemuse Award 
Personal life.
Despite being a reggae singer and having a deep respect for Rastafarian culture, Tiken Jah came from a Muslim family and is still a practicing Muslim today. His family was slow to support his reggae career. Although he participates in smoking marijuana, he does not encourage or promote it.

</doc>
<doc id="2899359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899359" title="Shark proof cage">
Shark proof cage

A shark proof cage is an extremely strong, metal cage used by a scuba diver to safely examine dangerous types of sharks up close. This can include various species of shark, but the most commonly observed within the confines of a cage are the great white shark and the bull shark, which are both known to be aggressive at times. Shark proof cages are built to withstand being rammed at high velocities, and be able to protect the user from massive force from attacks. Cages can provide a visual and tactile deterrent to sharks. Cage-diving allows people to closely monitor sharks, and sometimes interact with them.
The shark proof cage is also used in the controversial exercise of shark baiting, where tourists are lowered in a cage while the tour guides bait the waters for sharks.
On September 4, 1979, US patent number 4166462 was issued for a self-propelled shark proof cage; being designed to allow abalone divers to collect abalone without becoming vulnerable to attack. Thanks to the propulsion system, abalone divers would exert themselves less and, therefore, be able to collect their prey for longer periods of time. The patent abstract details a self-propelled cage with at least one access opening and a propeller mounting frame that carries both an air motor and a propeller. Buoyant objects are attached to the frame so that the cage may be made approximately the same density as saltwater. This patent expired on September 4, 1996.
Shark cage accidents.
In 2005, a British tourist, Mark Currie, was nearly killed when a great white shark bit through the bars of a shark cage being used during a recreational shark dive off the coast of South Africa. The shark circled several times before charging the cage; biting through a portion of the cage. The shark then severed it from the cable connecting it to a boat on the surface. Currie realized that his cage was sinking as the shark mounted what would have been its final attack. Currie quickly swam out of the top of the cage and was pulled to safety by the boat's captain, who fended off the shark with blows to its head.
In 2007, a commercial shark cage was destroyed off the coast of Guadalupe Island after a great white shark became entangled in it and tore the cage apart in a frantic effort to free itself. Tourists captured video of the incident, which quickly spread throughout the Internet.
Shark baiting controversy.
Opponents of the cage-diving industry, such as marine biologist Craig Bovim, believe that the constant shark-baiting used to lure sharks to tourists' cages creates a "Pavlovian response" in the sharks, causing them to become eager to attack humans for food. Bovim's opponents, such as marine environmentalist Wilfred Chivell, contend that there is no correlation between shark-baiting and shark attacks against humans.

</doc>
<doc id="2899361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899361" title="Deputy commander">
Deputy commander

Deputy commander was a rank in the London Metropolitan Police which existed between 1946 and 1968.
In 1946, the rank of chief constable, which was between superintendent and deputy assistant commissioner, was renamed deputy commander. At the same time, the rank of deputy assistant commissioner was divided into commander and deputy assistant commissioner. From 1949, deputy commander was superior to the new rank of chief superintendent. It was abolished in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2899365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899365" title="Wolf Hole, Arizona">
Wolf Hole, Arizona

Wolf Hole is a ghost town in the Arizona Strip region of Mohave County, Arizona, United States. It consists only of some foundations and a derelict house.
The author Edward Abbey sometimes claimed to be a resident of Wolf Hole.
Geography.
Wolf Hole is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="2899366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899366" title="Fred Foldvary">
Fred Foldvary

Fred Emanuel Foldvary (born May 11, 1946) is a lecturer in economics at San Jose State University, California, and a research fellow at The Independent Institute. He previously taught at Santa Clara University and other colleges. He is also a commentator and senior editor for the online journal "The Progress Report" and an associate editor of the online journal "Econ Journal Watch." He lives in the San Francisco Bay Area in California.
In his PhD dissertation (George Mason University, 1992), "Public Goods and Private Communities", he applied the theory of Public goods and Industrial organization to refute the concept of market failure, including case studies of several types of private communities. His research interests include ethics, governance, land economics and public finance.
His support of geolibertarianism (a libertarian ideology which embraces the Georgist philosophy of property) and his advocacy of civil liberties and free markets have gained him a place of high visibility in the geolibertarian movement. In 2000, he ran for Congress in California's 9th District as a Libertarian. He received 3.3% of the total vote to finish third among the four candidates on the ballot.
Foldvary has written on topics including: ending slavery in chocolate plantations; a green tax shift to protect the environment while enhancing the economy; reforming democracy with small-group voting; and solving territorial conflict with confederations and the payment of rent for occupied land. The three basic themes of Foldvary's writing are the universal ethic, cellular democracy, and public revenue from land rent.
In 1998 he predicted there would be a real estate-related recession in 2008. In 2007 Foldvary published a booklet entitled "The Depression of 2008".
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2899372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899372" title="Northern New Mexico">
Northern New Mexico

Northern New Mexico may simply mean the northern part of New Mexico, but in cultural terms it usually means the area of heavy Spanish settlement in the north-central part. However, New Mexico state government also uses the term to
mean the northwest and north central, but to exclude both the northeastern high plains counties and Sandoval County. The top 5 largest cities in Northern New Mexico are:
1. Santa Fe
2. Las Vegas
3. Espanola
4. Los Alamos
5. Raton
Cultural.
The traditional southern boundary of the area is an escarpment called La Bajada southwest of Santa Fe. The other boundaries are poorly defined. The map in Cobos (1983) is a guide: from La Bajada the boundary runs northwest about 50 miles (80 km) west of U.S. Routes 285 and 84, and northeast about 20 miles (30 km) east of Interstate 25, to the Colorado border. The area might also be described roughly as comprising Rio Arriba, Los Alamos, Taos, and Colfax Counties; northeastern Sandoval County, northern Santa Fe County; and western San Miguel and Mora Counties, possibly with parts of adjoining counties. To the west is the Four Corners region; to the east are the high plains of Eastern New Mexico.
Governmental.
New Mexico state government generally divides New Mexico into four regions: Eastern, Central, Southwestern and Northern New Mexico. For those purposes Northern includes the Four Corners area together with the cultural area, but excludes Sandoval County. The Northwest Region is frequently referred to as the "Four-Corners Region".
Tourism.
For tourists, New Mexico is divided into six regions, with the north being divided into North Central Region, Northeast Region and Northwest Region, with Sandoval County being attached to the Central Region to the south. Under that schema there is no Northern New Mexico, but the North Central Region includes the core part of cultural Northern New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="2899378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899378" title="Confédération Internationale des Sociétés d´Auteurs et Compositeurs">
Confédération Internationale des Sociétés d´Auteurs et Compositeurs

The International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers (CISAC) is an international non-governmental, non-profit organisation that aims to promote the rights of creators worldwide by advocating for strong legal protection of copyright and authors’ rights, and supporting a network of Collective Management Organisations (CMOs), also known as authors’ societies, copyright / royalty collection societies, collecting societies, or Performing Rights Organisations (PROs).
Singer/songwriter Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees was, until his death in 2012, CISAC’s President. Painter Hervé Di Rosa is CISAC’s Vice President. Currently, 232 authors’ societies from 121 countries are members of CISAC. Together, these societies represent music publishers and approximately 3 million creators working in all artistic genres (music, drama, audiovisual and visual arts, literature, et cetera.)
In 2010, the royalties collected by CISAC's member societies in their respective national territories were €7.545bn.
CISAC was founded in 1926. Its international headquarters are located in Paris, France, with four regional departments based in Budapest, Hungary (European Affairs), Santiago, Chile (Latin American and Caribbean Affairs), Johannesburg, South Africa (African Affairs) and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Affairs).
CISAC is financed by membership dues and has three official languages: English, French and Spanish.
History.
Founding.
CISAC was founded in France in 1926 by 18 authors’ societies from 18 European countries, representing at that time mainly the dramatic arts (i.e. playwrights and stage directors).
Authors’ societies are largely non-profit organisations that were established by creators to facilitate the management of their rights. A society’s primary activities are granting licenses, collecting royalties and distributing these royalties to rights holders.
Since its inception, CISAC’s goal has been to unite authors and composers from around the world and promote authors’ rights. The founding missions, still valid today, were to coordinate the work of the authors’ societies, to improve national and international copyright law, to foster the diffusion of creative works and, in general, to attend to all common challenges regarding the protection of authors’ rights.
CISAC initially consisted of five federations for: dramatic performing rights, public performing rights, mechanical rights, literary rights and film rights. In 1966, CISAC united the five federations to form the International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers as it exists today.
Recent history.
Since 1994, CISAC has been working to improve data exchanges on creative works between authors’ societies. Known as the Common Information System (CIS) project, CISAC has worked on the development of ISO certified international standards for the identification of creative works and rights holders.
These include the International Standard Musical Work Code (ISWC), the International Standard Audiovisual Number (ISAN), the International Standard Text Code (ISTC) and the International Standard Name Identifier (ISNI), a unique identifying number linked to contributors (such as a songwriter or publisher) and which complements CISAC’s Interested Party Information (IPI) System where more detailed information on the rights owner, accessible to authors societies, is held.
CISAC released "CIS-Net powered by FastTrack" in 2004, an Internet-based network for sharing musical works information between authors’ societies. At the same time, CISAC has been developing IDA, an International Database for Audiovisual works and their rights holders. By facilitating the identification of creative works and their relevant rights holders, such tools aim to speed up the distribution of royalties to creators for use of their works.
In 2004, CISAC revised its statutes, creating an annual General Assembly and a Board of Directors to oversee CISAC’s actions, allowing CISAC to impose rules on its members to ensure high professional standards and enabling CISAC to dedicate more resources to getting creators directly involved in the defence of their rights.
In June 2007, CISAC’s General Assembly elected singer-songwriter Robin Gibb (The Bee Gees) as CISAC’s President and Mexican film director Alfonso Cuarón as Vice-President. Gibb’s 3-year term was renewed in June 2010. French visual artist and painter, Hervé Di Rosa, co-founder of the artistic movement “Figuration libre”, was elected Vice President in 2010. The role of CISAC President and Vice President is to voice the opinion of the international community of creators and to defend the system of collective management that protects their rights. Over the years this role has been fulfilled by several renowned creators, such as Robert de Flers, Richard Strauss, Armand Salacrou, and Leopold Sedar Senghor.
Since 2007 CISAC has organised the biennial World Copyright Summit, an international forum to discuss with all parties the future of copyright and creators’ interests in the digital era. The first Summit took place in Brussels in May 2007. The following edition was held in Washington, DC in June 2009 and the last in Brussels, June 7–8, 2011.
CISAC adopted a series of Professional Rules for all of its member societies in 2008. The Professional Rules are a set of criteria related to the management of rights and the collection and distribution of royalties by which CISAC member societies should abide. The objective of these Rules is to ensure that CISAC’s members operate according to strict standards of professionalism. This project was deemed necessary to reflect greater transparency by authors’ societies towards various stakeholder groupings and the media.
Controversy.
The so-called “CISAC Case” has received a lot of media attention. The “CISAC Case” began in 2006, when the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections against CISAC and 24 European Economic Area authors’ societies pushing for competition between authors’ societies for users with regard to licence tariffs for cable retransmission, satellite and online uses of music.
After 2 years of consultations, the DG Competition issued a decision in July 2008 alleging that the 24 EEA societies had violated European competition laws. CISAC was not included in the decision, nor were there any monetary penalties for the societies. CISAC and 21 of the 24 EEA societies appealed the decision in October 2008. 
After receiving several written pleadings from CISAC, EBU and the Commission, the General Court of the EU scheduled an oral hearing for CISAC, on 19 October 2011. Oral hearings in member societies’ appeals were held between 28 September 2011 and 27 October 2011. Following the oral hearings, the General Court will proceed with drafting a judgement on the parties’ appeals.
In parallel, CISAC is still in discussions with the European Commission, as its members work on a pan-European licensing model that will simplify licensing the use of the worldwide creative repertoire in Europe, whilst satisfying the requirements of the European Commission.
Mission and goals.
To promote and protect the rights and interests of creators, CISAC develops and strengthens a worldwide network of Collective Management Organisations (CMOs) by 
- providing them with political, technical, legal and financial support
- defining common rules and standards with which its members agree to comply.
CISAC’s stated goals are:
“- to provide copyright societies with the tools and knowledge necessary to operate at the highest professional level;
- to advocate on behalf of creators and their societies in all relevant international discussions; and 
- to reassert the creators’ right to be able to make a living from their work.”
Membership.
CISAC is a membership organisation and currently counts 232 authors’ societies from 121 countries among its members, indirectly representing around 3 million creators and music publishers. There are three membership categories, depending on a society’s status and operations: Member, Provisional and Associate.
Authors’ societies are largely non-profit organisations that were established by creators to facilitate the management of their rights. As it is very difficult for an individual creator to monitor all uses of their work and negotiate payment for these uses, many choose to entrust their rights to an authors’ society. An authors’ society’s primary activities are granting licenses, collecting royalties and distributing these royalties to the right holders. Alternate names that are sometimes used instead of “authors’ societies” include copyright societies, collective management organisations (CMOs), performing rights organisations, copyright collectives and collecting societies.
List of Members (Wikipedia article)
Funding.
CISAC derives its funding from annual membership dues, which are based on a percentage of the gross royalties collected annually by each member society.(http://www.cisac.org/CisacPortal/afficherArticles.do?numRubrique=19
Organisation.
Revolving around the General Assembly, CISAC’s highest representative entity, CISAC is composed of different administrative bodies that guide its operations and strategy.
General Assembly.
CISAC’s General Assembly is composed of delegates from all of CISAC’s Member societies. The General Assembly elects the Board of Directors and CISAC’s President and Vice-President, and endorses the main resolutions, decisions and plans put forth by the Board of Directors. Only Members have the right to vote at the General Assembly.
President and Vice-President.
The role of CISAC’s President and Vice-President is to represent the international community of creators and to defend the system of collective management that protects their rights.
Current President: Jean Michel Jarre (French composer and performer)
Current Vice-Presidents: the Beninese creator and singer Angélique Kidjo, the Senegalese sculptor Ousmane Sow, the Indian poet, scriptwriter and lyricist Javed Akhtar and the Argentinean film director Marcelo Piñeyro.
Board of Directors.
CISAC’s activities are governed by a Board of Directors with representatives from 20 of CISAC’s member societies and elected by the General Assembly for a three-year period. The Board’s composition reflects CISAC’s geographical diversity and the multitude of artistic repertoires it represents.
Board Chairman: Kenth Muldin (CEO of STIM, Sweden)
Board Vice-Chairs: Janine Lorente (Deputy Director of SACD, France) and Nicholas Motsatse (CEO of Southern African Music Rights Organisation SAMRO, South Africa)
Secretariat.
The Director General (Olivier Hinnewinkel) and Secretariat oversee CISAC’s day-to-day operations. CISAC Headquarters are based in Paris, with regional departments in Johannesburg (African Affairs) Singapore (Asia-Pacific Affairs) Budapest (European Affairs) and Santiago de Chile (Latin American and Caribbean Affairs).
Committees.
CISAC has created a variety of committees that address a wide range of legal, strategic, technical, regional or creative issues related to authors’ rights.
Services/activities.
CISAC’s main activities are: setting professional standards for authors’ societies, implementing information systems to facilitate the identification of creative works and their relevant rights holders in order to speed up the distribution of royalties to creators, contributing to the development of authors’ societies around the world, advocating for authors’ rights internationally and building strategies to help societies deal with the changes brought on by the digital era. 
CISAC is an active participant within the international intellectual property community and collaborates with the UN’s World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) and UNESCO on matters of mutual interest.
Setting professional rules and standards for authors’ societies.
CISAC provides tools to its members that promote best business practices for all repertoires, including:
CISAC model contracts for “reciprocal representation”.
Reciprocal representation principles are the basis of the international network of authors’ societies. They make it possible for one society to represent the worldwide creative repertoire in their home territory. For example, if a Spanish society and an Australian society have signed a “reciprocal representation” agreement, the Spanish society can represent the Australian society’s repertoire in Spain and the Australian society can represent the Spanish society’s repertoire in Australia. They grant licenses for uses of each other’s repertoires and collect royalties for these uses.
Through this system of agreements, a content user (e.g. a radio broadcaster or a night club) can obtain a single license from their local authors’ society for use of the worldwide repertoire of creative works. This makes it possible for creators to receive royalties for uses of their works all over the world.
Professional rules and binding resolutions.
In 2008, CISAC implemented a set of Professional Rules – binding principles with which all of CISAC’s members must comply. They include best practices in governance, financial management, communication, administration, and the management and exchange of information relating to creative works and their relevant right holders. Through the Professional Rules, CISAC aims to guarantee the quality of services offered by authors’ societies to both creators and users of their works by promoting high standards of corporate governance, transparency and accountability.
Binding Resolutions, specific rules applying to the technical aspects of collecting and distributing royalties, are also in the process of being implemented.
To ensure that each member society operates in complete accordance with the Professional Rules and Binding Resolutions, they must undergo a Compliance Review.
Committees and think tanks.
CISAC’s committees and think tanks address specific regional, technical, legal and creative issues related to the collective administration of authors’ rights. Meeting on a regular basis, these forums enable authors’ society professionals and creators to share their experiences and make recommendations for best practises across the society network.
Information networks and smart metadata.
CISAC manages an international information system (called the Common Information System or CIS) for the exchange of information about works, their usage and the relevant rights holders between authors’ societies. CISAC is also developing tools to facilitate information exchange between authors’ societies and their music publisher members, as well as other third parties (such as broadcasters, Digital Service Providers, and record companies).
In the framework of this project, CISAC and its partners have developed: 
Development work.
CISAC’s Regional Affairs Departments—located in Budapest (European Affairs), Santiago de Chile (Latin American and Caribbean Affairs), Johannesburg (African Affairs) and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Affairs)—work with the other departments of the Paris-based headquarters to implement development plans for authors’ societies in each region. Each Regional Director offers a combination of legal, financial and technical support, training and tools to bring all CISAC societies in line with CISAC’s professional and technical standards.
CISAC’s specific Training & Development programmes provide individual and group training for member society professionals. Training sessions deal with a variety of topics, including: 
- compliance with Professional Rules & Binding Resolutions 
- licensing practices 
- creative works documentation
- royalty distribution methods
- Common Information System (CIS) tools
- the principles of collective management
- society governance and management practices
- international copyright law
Advocating for authors’ rights.
Another branch of CISAC’s activities is advocating for authors’ rights and serving as a spokesperson for its members at the international level. 
CISAC works in close collaboration with authors’ societies and governments to ensure local laws uphold authors’ rights. This work is not just carried out by legal experts: CISAC also gives creators the opportunity to express their views to politicians and lawmakers.
CISAC organises and participates in numerous training programmes and seminars for judges and content users (such as broadcasters) that aim to deepen their understanding of copyright, authors’ rights and licensing.
World Copyright Summit.
Every two years, CISAC organises the World Copyright Summit, an international forum that brings together authors’ societies, creators, industry leaders from the technology and entertainment sectors, policymakers and consumer representatives to discuss the future of copyright and creativity in the digital era. The first edition (Brussels, May 2007) garnered significant media attention. The second edition of the Summit took place in Washington, DC on June 9–10, 2009. Gathering over 700 delegates, the third edition of the World Copyright Summit took place in Brussels, June 7 & 8, 2011.
CISAC also publishes reports on royalty trends to help its members anticipate and adjust to changing market conditions. CISAC’s annual report based on the royalty collection data submitted by its members analyses the numbers by region, repertoire and type of rights and looks at trends affecting the use of creative works and the payment of royalties.
Key figures.
232 authors’ societies in 121 countries (as of June 2011)
Including: 
Including: 
Global Royalty Collections in 2010 by all of CISAC's Members:

</doc>
<doc id="2899381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899381" title="Reymert, Arizona">
Reymert, Arizona

Reymert is a ghost town in Pinal County, Arizona.
Reymert was originally established around a post office that began operation on June 6, 1890. Reymert was named after its founder, James DeNoon Reymart, who also founded the adjacent milling and smelting town of DeNoon. James Reymert also was the editor of the "Pinal Drill" newspaper published in the nearby town of Pinal City. 
The town's occupants largely worked at Reymert Mine, until work there stopped in the 1950s. Originally a silver mine, later a silver-manganese mine, it was located approximately 5 miles southwest of Superior, Arizona. A Phoenix-based company bulldozed the remnants of the town in the late 1970s. The remains of two processing kilns still exist, as well as a number of stacked stone foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="2899382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899382" title="VIBE Vixen">
VIBE Vixen

VIBE Vixen was a magazine geared towards female readers of "Vibe Magazine" that covered fashion, beauty, dating, entertainment, and societal issues for "urban minded females". The magazine was initially released in fall of 2004 and sales were considered successful enough for the magazine to be issued on a quarterly basis. 
Stars who graced VIBE Vixen's covers included Ciara, Tracee Ellis Ross, Kimora Lee Simmons, Kelis and Wendy Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="2899398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899398" title="Insert (effects processing)">
Insert (effects processing)

In audio processing and sound reinforcement, an insert is an access point built into the mixing console, allowing the user to add external line level devices into the signal flow between the microphone preamplifier and the mix bus.
Common usages include gating, compressing, equalizing and for reverb effects that are specific to that channel or group. Inserts can be used as an alternate way to route signals such as for multitrack recording output or line level direct input.
Insert jacks.
Inserts can be balanced or unbalanced. Typically, higher-end mixers will have balanced inserts and entry level mixers will have unbalanced inserts. Balanced inserts appear as a "pair" of jacks, one serving as the send (out from the mixer) and the other serving as the return (back to the mixer.) Balanced insert jacks can be XLR, 1/4" TRS phone connector or Bantam TT. 
Unbalanced inserts can also be a pair of jacks such as RCA or 1/4" TS (Tip Sleeve) phone connector. Again, one jack serves as send and the other serves as return. 
Most modern entry level and medium format mixers use a single TRS phone jack for both Send and Return. This dual-purpose insert jack only has three conductors, and balanced lines need at least two conductors. Because two lines share the same three-conductor insert jack, its architecture is necessarily unbalanced, with the two circuits sharing a common ground. Of the mixers using this kind of dual-purpose insert jack, most are designed with Tip Send, Ring Return, though many can still be found with Ring Send, Tip Return. A very few mixers have "both" architectures present on the same mixer; Tip Send for input channels and Tip Return for mix groups.
Insert jacks are often normalized so that signal is passed through the jack if nothing is inserted but is interrupted when the jack is holding a plug. Inserts with two separate jacks will have normalizing such that the Return jack interrupts signal but the Send jack doesn't. The Send jack can always be counted on to send signal out to external devices. A refinement of the normalization of jacks is the presence on the mixer of an insert ON/OFF button which allows the user to patch into or around the inserted devices at will without having to physically disconnect the insert cables.
Unbalanced TRS phone inserts are normalized as well. The presence of a plug in the jack breaks normal internal signal flow, sending signal out to external devices and returning this signal to the channel. TRS phone jacks can be specially wired with Tip and Ring connected at the insert end, and both conductors going to Tip at the distant end. This allows for tapping the insert point for its signal without interrupting signal flow inside the mixer. A less reliable method to achieve the same end is to insert a TS or TRS phone plug halfway into the insert until there is a springy "click" feeling, at which point the plug is contacting the signal within the insert jack, but isn't breaking the normalized contact. The "half-click" method works fine until the insert cable is jarred or wiggled, causing noise or a loss of signal within the channel.
Because of the combination of balanced external devices and unbalanced insert jacks, the process of inserting involves finding out which devices have which kinds of output configurations. Full electronic balancing needs a different cabling style than transformer balancing, which in turn needs a different cabling style than impedance balancing. Mistakes in the interconnection may make the inserted signal drop in level by 6 dB or add hum and buzz or even overheat a balanced output circuit on the external device, decreasing its usable life.
Insert jacks themselves can be the source of intermittent signal problems. Internal jack contacts may get too loose over time and they may oxidize, impeding electrical conduction. Regular use of the jack helps keep oxidization down. The manufacturer using high quality jacks and good assembly practices helps reduce failures over time.
Another problem with TRS, TS and TT jacks that come in Send/Return pairs is that the Send jack and plug look just like the Return jack and plug. Cross-patching mistakes are possible, resulting in no signal passing through the insert.
Mixer Implementation.
Inserts on analog mixers appear in various locations in the signal flow, depending on the vision of the designer. Most inserts tap the signal after the microphone preamplifier and after the HPF (if present.) Others tap the signal after the channel EQ and before the fader. A few tap the signal after the fader and before the mix buses. Many consoles offer a choice between two, three or four of the possible insert points by a combination of internal jumpers or links that a skilled technician can modify. 
Digital consoles are often designed to allow the user to move the virtual insert point before or after the channel EQ and some allow the insert point to be placed after the fader and before the mix buses. These are "soft" changes; the options depend largely upon the design of the mixer's user interface and the breadth of processing power devoted to the insert function. 
Inserted devices can be connected in series to create a string of inserted devices. For instance, one could connect a gate, a compressor and an equalizer in series through the same channel's insert. 
Some digital mixers allow multiple effects to be inserted virtually, still others allow multiple third party plugins to be used as virtual inserts.
Inserts might be found on monoaural mixer inputs, monoaural and stereo subgroups, auxiliary inputs, main outputs and matrix outputs. They're rarely found on stereo line level inputs. EQs are commonly inserted on monitor mixer output mixes so that the monitor engineer can use his own wedge and the PFL/Solo bus to hear what the artist's wedge sounds like without having to climb on stage to check.
Signal Levels.
Electrically, inserts are found at a variety of signal levels. Some are -10 dB consumer line level, others are nominally -6 dB or -2 dB or 0 dB or +4 dB. Most balanced inserts are at +4 dB nominal level. Digital mixers might specify their inserts as -20 dBFS which is similar in level to +4 dBu nominal on an analog mixer, depending on the maximum headroom of the analog design. For optimum gain staging and the least amount of system hiss, inserted devices should be chosen with regard to the signal level they can handle and the signal level the mixer can handle. Best gain staging is achieved when both insert and inserted device match in level.

</doc>
<doc id="2899412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899412" title="Flagstaff, Maine">
Flagstaff, Maine

Flagstaff is a ghost town and former town in Somerset County, Maine, United States, near the existing town of Eustis and about 20 miles north of Rangeley. 
Benedict Arnold camped here on his Quebec expedition and erected a flagstaff, hence the name.
The town was physically abandoned and dismantled (and legally disincorporated) in 1950 to allow construction of a hydroelectric dam on the Dead River, which enlarged Flagstaff Lake and submerged the site of the settlement. 
The song "Below" by Slaid Cleaves on his 2004 album "Wishbones" refers to the destruction of the town, although it is not mentioned by name. The lyrics specifically mention the Dead River, and its general location.

</doc>
<doc id="2899417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899417" title="Vorbis comment">
Vorbis comment

A Vorbis comment is a metadata container used in the Vorbis, FLAC, Theora, Speex and Opus file formats. It allows information such as the title, artist, album, track number or other information about the file to be added to the file itself. However, as the official Ogg Vorbis documentation notes:
Format.
A Vorbis tag is a list of fields in the format codice_1. The field name can be composed of printable ASCII characters, 0x20 (space) through 0x7D ('}'), with 0x3D ('=') and 0x7E ('~') excluded. It is case insensitive, so codice_2 and codice_3 are the same field. The number of fields and their length is restricted to 4,294,967,295 (the maximum value of an unsigned 32-bit integer), but most tag editing applications impose stricter limits.
The data are encoded in UTF-8, and so any Unicode string may be used as a value.
Any tag name is allowed, and there is no format that the data values must be in. This is in contrast to the ID3 format used for MP3s, which is highly structured. Field names are also permitted to be used more than once. It is encouraged to use this feature to support multiple values, for example two codice_4 fields to list both artists of a single composition.
The specification gives several example tag names such as codice_5 and codice_6. Most applications also support common "de facto" standards, such as codice_7 and tags for ReplayGain information.
There are no provisions for storing binary data in Vorbis comments. This is by design; they are intended to be used as part of a container format such as Ogg, and any additional binary data should be encoded into the container as a stream. The exception to this, by popular request, is a proposal to incorporate cover art into a Vorbis comment.

</doc>
<doc id="2899422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899422" title="Anatoly Lepin">
Anatoly Lepin

Anatoly Yakovlevich Lepin (; ; Moscow – 1984) was a Soviet composer.
He lived in Riga from 1945 to 1950, and during that period composed the State Anthem of the Latvian SSR.

</doc>
<doc id="2899427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899427" title="Elizabeth Cotten">
Elizabeth Cotten

Elizabeth "Libba" Cotten (January 5, 1893 – June 29, 1987) was an American blues and folk musician, singer, and songwriter.
A self-taught left-handed guitarist, Cotten developed her own original style. Her approach involved using a right-handed guitar (usually in standard tuning), not re-strung for left-handed playing, essentially, holding a right-handed guitar upside down. This position required her to play the bass lines with her fingers and the melody with her thumb. Her signature alternating bass style has become known as "Cotten picking".
Early life.
Elizabeth Nevills was born in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, to a musical family. Her parents were George Nevill (also spelled Nevills) and Louisa (or Louise) Price Nevill. Elizabeth was the youngest of five children. At age seven, Cotten began to play her older brother's banjo. By eight years old, she was playing songs. At the age of 11, after scraping together some money as a domestic helper, she bought her own guitar. Although self-taught, she became very good at playing the instrument. By her early teens she was writing her own songs, one of which, "Freight Train", became one of her most recognized. Cotten wrote "Freight Train" in remembrance of the nearby train that she could hear from her childhood home.
Around the age of 13, Cotten began working as a maid along with her mother. On November 7, 1910, at the age of 17, she married Frank Cotten. The couple had a daughter named Lillie, and soon after young Elizabeth gave up guitar playing for family and church.
Elizabeth, Frank and their daughter Lillie moved around the eastern United States for a number of years between North Carolina, New York, and Washington, D.C., finally settling in the D.C. area. When Lillie married, Elizabeth divorced Frank and moved in with her daughter and her family.
Re-discovery.
Cotten had retired from the guitar for 25 years, except for occasional church performances. She didn't begin performing publicly and recording until she was in her 60s. She was discovered by the folk-singing Seeger family while she was working for them as a housekeeper.
While working briefly in a department store, Cotten helped a child wandering through the aisles find her mother. The child was Penny Seeger, and the mother was composer Ruth Crawford Seeger. Soon after this, Elizabeth again began working as a maid, caring for Ruth Crawford Seeger and Charles Seeger's children, Mike, Peggy, Barbara, and Penny. While working with the Seegers (a voraciously musical family) she remembered her own guitar playing from 40 years prior and picked up the instrument again to relearn almost from scratch.
Later career and recordings.
In the later half of the 1950s, Mike Seeger began making bedroom reel to reel recordings of Cotten's songs in her house. These recordings later became the album, "Folksongs and Instrumentals with Guitar", which was released on Folkways Records. Since that album, her songs, especially her signature track, "Freight Train"—which she wrote when she was 11—have been covered by Peter, Paul, and Mary, Jerry Garcia, Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Devendra Banhart, Laura Gibson, Laura Veirs, His Name Is Alive, Doc Watson, Taj Mahal and Geoff Farina. 
Shortly after that first album, she began playing concerts with Mike Seeger, the first of which was in 1960 at Swarthmore College.
In the early 1960s, Cotten went on to play concerts with some of the big names in the burgeoning folk revival. Some of these included Mississippi John Hurt, John Lee Hooker, and Muddy Waters at venues such as the Newport Folk Festival and the Smithsonian Festival of American Folklife.
The new-found interest in her work inspired her to write more material to play, and in 1967 she released a record created with her grandchildren, which took its name from one of her songs, " Shake Sugaree".
Using profits from her touring, record releases, and from the many awards given to her for her own contributions to the folk arts, Elizabeth was able to move with her daughter and grandchildren from Washington, D.C., and buy a house in Syracuse, New York. Furthermore she was able to continue touring and releasing records well into her 80s. In 1984, she won the Grammy Award for "Best Ethnic or Traditional Recording" for the album on Arhoolie Records, "Elizabeth Cotten Live". When accepting the award in Los Angeles, her comment was, "Thank you. I only wish I had my guitar so I could play a song for you all." In 1989, Cotten was one of 75 influential African-American women included in the photo documentary, "I Dream a World."
Elizabeth Cotten died in June 1987, at Crouse-Irving Hospital in Syracuse, New York, at the age of 94.
Unique style.
Elizabeth Cotten began writing music while toying around with her older brother's banjo. She was left-handed so she played the banjo in reverse position. Later, when she transferred her songs to the guitar, she formed a unique style, since on the banjo the uppermost string is not a bass string, but a short high pitched string called a drone string. This required her to adopt a unique style for the guitar. She first played with the "all finger down strokes" like a banjo. Later, she evolved into a unique style of finger picking. Her signature, alternating bass style is now known as "Cotten picking". Her finger picking techniques influenced many other musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="2899429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899429" title="Pellet fuel">
Pellet fuel

Pellet fuels are heating fuels made from compressed biomass. Wood pellets are the most common type. A form of wood fuel, wood pellets are generally made from compacted sawdust or other wastes from sawmilling and other wood products manufacture. Other woody biomass sources include palm kernel shell, coconut shell, and whole-tree removal or tree tops and branches leftover after logging and which otherwise help replenish soil nutrients. As well grasses can also be pelletized, creating grass pellets. Pellets are manufactured in several types and grades as fuels for electric power plants, homes, and other applications in between. Pellets are extremely dense and can be produced with a low moisture content (below 10%) that allows them to be burned with a very high combustion efficiency.
Further, their regular geometry and small size allow automatic feeding with very fine calibration. They can be fed to a burner by auger feeding or by pneumatic conveying. Their high density also permits compact storage and rational transport over long distance. They can be conveniently blown from a tanker to a storage bunker or silo on a customer's premises.
A broad range of pellet stoves, central heating furnaces, and other heating appliances have been developed and marketed since 1993. In 1997 fully automatic wood pellet boilers with similar comfort level as oil and gas boilers became available in Austria. With the surge in the price of fossil fuels since 2005, the demand for pellet heating has increased in Europe and North America, and a sizable industry is emerging. According to the International Energy Agency Task 40, wood pellet production has more than doubled between 2006 and 2010 to over 14 million tons. In a 2012 report, the Biomass Energy Resource Center says that it expects wood pellet production in North America to double again in the next five years.
Production.
Pellets are produced by compressing the wood material which has first passed through a hammer mill to provide a uniform dough-like mass. This mass is fed to a press where it is squeezed through a die having holes of the size required (normally 6 mm diameter, sometimes 8 mm or larger). The high pressure of the press causes the temperature of the wood to increase greatly, and the lignin plasticizes slightly forming a natural "glue" that holds the pellet together as it cools.
Pellets can be made from grass and other non-woody forms of biomass that do not contain lignin: distiller's dried grains (a brewing industry byproduct) can be added to provide the necessary durability. A 2005 news story from Cornell University News suggested that grass pellet production was more advanced in Europe than North America. It suggested the benefits of grass as a feedstock included its short growing time (70 days), and ease of cultivation and processing. The story quoted Jerry Cherney, an agriculture professor at the school stating that grasses produce 96% of the heat of wood and that "any mixture of grasses can be used, cut in mid- to late summer, left in the field to leach out minerals, then baled and pelleted. Drying of the hay is not required for pelleting, making the cost of processing less than with wood pelleting." In 2012, the Department of Agriculture of Nova Scotia announced as a demonstration project conversion of an oil-fired boiler to grass pellets at a research facility.
Rice-husk fuel-pellets are made by compacting rice-husk obtained as by-product of rice-growing from the fields. It also has similar characteristics to the wood-pellets and more environment-friendly, as the raw material is a waste-product. The energy content is about 4-4.2 kcal/kg and moisture content is typically less than 10%. The size of pellets is generally kept to be about 6mm diameter and 25mm length in the form of a cylinder; though larger cylinder or briquette forms are not uncommon. It is much cheaper than similar energy-pellets and can be compacted/manufactured from the husk at the farm itself, using cheap machinery. They generally are more environment-friendly as compared to wood-pellets. In the regions of the world where wheat is the predominant food-crop, wheat husk can also be compacted to produce energy-pellets, with characteristics similar to rice-husk pellets.
A report by CORRIM (Consortium On Research on Renewable Industrial Material) for the Life-Cycle Inventory of Wood Pellet Manufacturing and Utilization estimates the energy required to dry, pelletize and transport pellets is less than 11% of the energy content of the pellets if using pre-dried industrial wood waste. If the pellets are made directly from forest material, it takes up to 18% of the energy to dry the wood and additional 8% for transportation and manufacturing energy. An environmental impact assessment of exported wood pellets, by the Department of Chemical and Mineral Engineering, University of Bologna, Italy and the Clean Energy Research Centre, at the University of British Columbia, published in 2009, concluded that the energy consumed to ship Canadian wood pellets from Vancouver to Stockholm (15,500 km via the Panama Canal), is about 14% of the total energy content of the wood pellets.
Pellets conforming to the norms commonly used in Europe (DIN 51731 or Ö-Norm M-7135) have less than 10% water content, are uniform in density (higher than 1 ton per cubic meter, thus it sinks in water)(bulk density about 0.6-0.7 ton per cubic meter), have good structural strength, and low dust and ash content. Because the wood fibres are broken down by the hammer mill, there is virtually no difference in the finished pellets between different wood types. Pellets can be made from nearly any wood variety, provided the pellet press is equipped with good instrumentation, the differences in feed material can be compensated for in the press regulation.. In Europe, the main production areas are located in south Scandinavia, Finland, Central Europe and the Baltic countries.
Pellets conforming to the European standards norms which contain recycled wood or outside contaminants are considered Class B pellets. Recycled materials such particle board, treated or painted wood, melamine resin-coated panels and the like are particularly unsuitable for use in pellets, since they may produce noxious emissions and uncontrolled variations in the burning characteristics of the pellets.
Standards used in the United States are different, developed by the Pellet Fuels Institute and, as in Europe, are not mandatory. Still, many manufacturers comply, as warranties of US-manufactured or imported combustion equipment may not cover damage by pellets non-conformant with regulations. Prices for US pellets surged during the fossil fuel price inflation of 2007–2008, but later dropped markedly and are generally lower on a per-BTU basis than most fossil fuels, excluding coal.
Regulatory agencies in Europe and North America are in the process of tightening the emissions standards for all forms of wood heat, including wood pellets and pellet stoves. These standards will become mandatory, with independently certified testing to ensure compliance. In the United States, the new rules initiated in 2009 have completed the EPA regulatory review process. The proposed rules are undergoing a period of public review and comment. The American Lumber Standard Committee will be the independent certification agency for the new pellet standards.
Pellet stove operation.
A fully automated pellet stove requires filling up with the pellets and turning on, the stove does the rest: it automatically lights, automatically feeds the pellets into the flame with an auger, automatically adjusts the rate to keep the room at a pre-set temperature with an electric thermostat.
Pellet baskets allow a person to heat their home using pellets in existing stoves or fireplaces.
Energy output and efficiency.
The energy content of wood pellets is approximately 4.7 – 5.2 MWh/tonne (~7450 BTU/lb).
High-efficiency wood pellet stoves and boilers have been developed in recent years, typically offering combustion efficiencies of over 85%. The newest generation of wood pellet boilers can work in condensing mode and therefore achieve 12% higher efficiency values. Wood pellet boilers have limited control over the rate and presence of combustion compared to liquid or gaseous-fired systems; however, for this reason they are better suited for hydronic heating systems due to the hydronic system's greater ability to store heat. Pellet burners capable of being retrofitted to oil-burning boilers are also available.
Air pollution emissions.
Emissions such as NOx, SOx and volatile organic compounds from pellet burning equipment are in general very low in comparison to other forms of combustion heating. An additional consideration, though, is such air pollutant emissions caused in producing the energy used to manufacture pellets. A recognized problem is the emission of fine particulate matter to the air, especially in urban areas that have a high concentration of pellet heating systems or coal or oil heating systems in close proximity. This PM2.5 emissions of older pellet stoves and boilers can be problematic in close quarters, especially in comparison to natural gas (or renewable biogas), though on large installations electrostatic precipitators, cyclonic separators, or baghouse particle filters can control particulates when properly maintained and operated.
Global warming.
There is uncertainty to what degree making heat or electricity by burning wood pellets contributes to global climate change, as well as how the impact on climate compares to the impact of using competing sources of heat. Factors in the uncertainty include the wood source, carbon dioxide emissions from production and transport as well as from final combustion, and what time scale is appropriate for the consideration.
A report by the Manomet Center for Conservation Sciences, "Biomass Sustainability and Carbon Policy Study" issued in June 2010 for the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources, concludes that burning biomass such as wood pellets or wood chips releases a large amount of CO2 into the air, creating a "carbon debt" that is not retired for 20–25 years and after which there is a net benefit. In June 2011 the department was preparing to file its final regulation, expecting to significantly tighten controls on the use of biomass for energy, including wood pellets. and scientists have pointed out oversights in the report, suggesting that climate impacts are worse than reported.
Until ca. 2008 it was commonly assumed, even in scientific papers, that biomass energy (including from wood pellets) is carbon neutral, largely because regrowth of vegetation was believed to recapture and store the carbon that is emitted to the air. Then, scientific papers studying the climate implications of biomass began to appear which refuted the simplistic
assumption of its carbon neutrality. According to the Biomass Energy Resource Center, the assumption of carbon neutrality "has shifted to a recognition that the carbon implications of biomass depend on how the fuel is harvested, from what forest types, what kinds of forest management are applied, and how biomass is used over time and across the landscape.”
In 2011 twelve prominent U.S. environmental organizations adopted policy setting a high bar for government incentives of biomass energy, including wood pellets. It states in part that, "sources and facilities qualifying for (government) incentives must result in lower life-cycle, cumulative and net GHG and ocean acidifying emissions, within 20 years and also over the longer term, than the energy sources they replace or compete with."
Sustainability.
The wood products industry is concerned that if large-scale use of wood energy is instituted, the supply of raw materials for construction and manufacturing will be significantly curtailed.
Cost.
Due to the rapid increase in popularity since 2005, pellet availability and cost may be an issue. This is an important consideration when buying a pellet stove, furnace, pellet baskets or other devices known in the industry as Bradley Burners. However, current pellet production is increasing and there are plans to bring several new pellet mills online in the US in 2008–2009.
The cost of the pellets can be affected by the building cycle leading to fluctuations in the supply of sawdust and offcuts.
Usage by region.
Europe.
Usage across Europe varies due to government regulations. In the Netherlands, Belgium, and the UK, pellets are used mainly in large-scale power plants. In Denmark and Sweden, pellets are used in large-scale power plants, medium-scale district heating systems, and small-scale residential heat. In Germany, Austria, Italy, and France, pellets are used mostly for small-scale residential and industrial heat.
In the EU, the largest users of wood pellets are the UK, Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Germany, and Belgium.
Pellets are widely used in Sweden, the main pellet producer in Europe, mainly as an alternative to oil-fired central heating. In Austria, the leading market for pellet central heating furnaces (relative to its population), it is estimated that 2/3 of all new domestic heating furnaces are pellet burners. In Italy, a large market for automatically fed pellet stoves has developed.
New Zealand.
The total sales of wood pellets in New Zealand was 3–5,000 tonnes in 2003. Recent construction of new wood pellet plants has given a huge increase in production capacity.
United States.
Some companies import European-made boilers. As of 2009, about 800,000 Americans were using wood pellets for heat. It is estimated that 2.33 million tons of wood pellets will be used for heat in the US in 2013.
Other uses.
Horse bedding.
When small amounts of water are added to wood pellets they expand and revert to sawdust. This makes them suitable to use as a horse bedding. The ease of storage and transportation being additional benefits over traditional bedding. However some species of wood, including walnut, can be toxic to horses and should never be used for bedding.
In Thailand, Rice husk pellets are being produced for animal bedding. They have a high absorption rate which makes them ideal for the purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="2899437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899437" title="Solayman Haïm">
Solayman Haïm

Solayman Haïm (also Soleyman Soly Haïm or Soleiman Haïm), whose dictionaries appeared in English under the name Sulayman Hayyim (Persian: سلیمان حییم) (ca. 1887 in Tehran, Iran – February 14, 1970 in Tehran), was an Iranian lexicographer, translator, playwright and essayist, often called "Iran's Father of the bilingual dictionary".
Haïm was born into an Iranian Jewish family. His father Haïm Eshāq was a quilter. both of his parents were Kalimis (Iranian Jews) of Shirazi origin who had migrated to Tehran. Haïm started his education in a "Maktabkhaneh" (traditional type of elementary school) called Noor that belonged to Christian missionaries in Tehran. He learned the Hebrew language and religious matters from the well-known Hakham Haïm Moreh and became his pupil and assistant when Moreh became blind. He continued his studies in Ettehad secondary school, where he learned French and Hebrew. He was 19 when he entered the American High School (later renamed American College, and yet later Alborz High School), which was run by a group of American missionaries under the supervision of the legendary Samuel M. Jordan. At the college, young Solayman excelled in English, Persian literature, and music. He then started to teach English in 1915 at American College. Soon after, he began working on the first series of bilingual dictionaries printed in Persian, a task that earned him the honorary name "Word Master." Later, he switched to translation. He is known to have worked for the Iranian Ministry of Finance for a number of years as a translator to Dr. Arthur Millspaugh, an American adviser to Iranian government on fiscal matters.
He then moved on to the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, where he headed the translation bureau until his retirement in the 1950s. His first published work (1928) is a play, "Yusof va Zoleikha", based on the story of Joseph and Potiphar’s wife Zuleikha, from the Old Testament. Haim wrote this play to be performed by the students of Alliance school. His first reference work, the "New English–Persian Dictionary", in two volumes, was published in 1929–31. This was later replaced by the "Larger English–Persian Dictionary", and never reprinted.
He knew French, Hebrew, English and Persian, and produced bilingual dictionaries in French and Hebrew as well as English. He also wrote a compilation of Persian proverbs and their English equivalents with the name "A Book of Collected Poems". Besides "Yusof va Zoleikha", he wrote the plays "Esther and Mordecai" and "Ruth and Naomi". Besides writing these plays and composing their music, Haim also directed and performed in them. Moreover, he translated and contributed to articles in the "Persian Encyclopedia" that dealt with matters relating to the Jewish faith.
Soleyman Haim died in 1970 at the age of 82, with many projects left incomplete. Dariush Haim, Davood Adhami, Jahanguir Banayan, and Manouchehr Amiri have each written about their personal memories of Haim. Among the Jewish minorities in modern Iran, belongs Soleyman Haiim to the rare instances, who has invested his spiritual und material capital in Human Sciences. The majority of Persian Jews living in Iran are rather interested in Natural Sciences particularly in medicine. Nevertheless Farshid Delshad فرشید دلشاد (born 1972)–one the far descendants of Soleyman Haim–might be considered as an exception who has been specialized in Historical-Comparative Linguistics and has published nationally and internationally monographs and papers in Iranian Studies and Philology. 
Haïm was fond of Persian history and literature, and the divans of Sa'di and Hafez were his favourite books. He also was an amateur poet.
Below is a list of Haim’s English–Persian and Persian–English dictionaries:

</doc>
<doc id="2899445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899445" title="Pamela Jones (NASA)">
Pamela Jones (NASA)

Pamela Jones was the head of the Program Services Department for the Lunar and Planetary Institute. She had served in the program committee for Conference on the Origin of the Moon in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="2899451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899451" title="Insert (print advertising)">
Insert (print advertising)

In advertising, an insert or blow-in card is a separate advertisement put in a magazine, newspaper, or other publication. They are usually the main source of income for non-subscription local newspapers and other publications. Sundays typically bring numerous large inserts in newspapers, because most weekly sales begin on that day, and it also has the highest circulation of any day of the week.
A buckslip or buck slip is a slip of paper, often the size of a U.S. dollar bill (a buck), which includes additional information about a product.
Bind-in cards are cards that are bound into the bindings of the publication, and will therefore not drop out.

</doc>
<doc id="2899455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899455" title="David Vinckboons">
David Vinckboons

David Vinckboons (baptized 13 August 1576 – c.1632 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of Flemish origin.
Biography.
Vinckboons was one of the most prolific and popular painters and print designers in the Netherlands. Himself influenced by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, he was instrumental — together with Hans Bol and Roelant Savery — in the development of genre painting in the northern Netherlands.
Vinckboons was born in Mechelen. The family moved to Antwerp around 1580, and then to Middelburg after the Spanish occupation of Antwerp in 1585. It is not likely they moved for religious reasons to Amsterdam. His father became a citizen in 1591, but none of his grandchildren were baptized in a Calvinist church. In 1602 David married in Leeuwarden to Agneta van Loon, the daughter of a notary. Then he lived in Sint Antoniesbreestraat like many other artists and painters. According to Karel van Mander he did not have any teacher other than his father Phillipe, a painter on canvas with watercolors, an art form practised mainly in his birthplace of Mechelen.
David specialized in elegant figures in park-like landscapes ("Outdoor Merry Company", 1610; Vienna, Akademie der Bildenden Künste) as well as Kermis and other village festivals. His landscapes reflect his contact with Gillis van Coninxloo. Vinckboons attracted a number of students; among them were Gillis d'Hondecoeter, Claes Janszoon Visscher and probably Esaias van de Velde.
Vingboons, as his name is often spelled, and many other varieties are to be found, had at least ten children. His sons were the cartographer and watercolourist Johannes and the architects Justus and Philip. Pieter, an engineer and soldier, died on Ceylon. Vinckboons himself died in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="2899466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899466" title="Uncaught third strike">
Uncaught third strike

In baseball and softball, an uncaught third strike (sometimes referred to as dropped third strike) occurs when the catcher fails to cleanly catch a pitch for the third strike. A pitch is considered uncaught if the ball touches the ground before being caught (a bouncing ball), or if the ball is dropped after being grasped ("see also" catch). In Major League Baseball, the specific rules concerning the uncaught third strike are addressed in Rules 6.05 and 6.09 of the Official Baseball Rules.
On an uncaught third strike with no runner on first base or with two outs, the batter immediately becomes a runner. The strike is called, but the umpire does not call the batter out. The umpire may also actively signal that there is "no catch" of the pitch. The batter may then attempt to reach first base and must be tagged or thrown out. With two outs and the bases loaded, the catcher who fails to catch the third strike may, upon picking up the ball, step on home plate for a force-out or make a throw to any other fielder.
The purpose of the "no runner on first base or two outs" qualification is to prevent the catcher from deliberately dropping a third strike pitch and then initiating an unfair double or triple play with possible force plays at second base, third base, or home plate. The logic of the situation is similar to that which led to the infield fly rule.
Regardless of the outcome of an uncaught third strike, the pitcher is statistically credited with a strikeout. Because of the uncaught third strike rule, it is possible for a pitcher to register more than three strikeouts in an inning.
In Little League, in the Tee-Ball and Minor League divisions the batter is out after the third strike regardless of whether the pitched ball is caught cleanly by the catcher. In Little League (or the Major Division), Junior, Senior, and Big League divisions a batter may attempt to advance to first base on an uncaught third strike. Little League Major Division Softball and many other youth baseball leagues (such as the USSSA) also follow the rule.
Recent changes.
Following a controversial play involving this rule in the ninth inning of Game 2 of the 2005 American League Championship Series, the application of the rule was changed when a comment was added in 2006 to Rule 6.09(b):
""Rule 6.09(b) Comment: A batter who does not realize his situation on a third strike not caught, and who is not in the process of running to first base, shall be declared out once he leaves the dirt circle surrounding home plate.""
This comment represents the official interpretation of the application of the rule. Prior to this rule change, a batter was able to try for first at any time before entering the dugout.
On May 17, 2011, Miguel Cairo of the Cincinnati Reds advanced to first after leaving the dirt circle when the umpires failed to enforce Rule 6.09(b). 

</doc>
<doc id="2899475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899475" title="Josef Kates">
Josef Kates

Dr. Josef Kates (born in Vienna, May 5, 1921) is a Canadian engineer whose achievements include designing the first digital game-playing machine, and the world's first automated traffic signalling system.
Background.
Born the fifth of six children in an Austrian Jewish family, Josef Kates was the son of Baruch (Bernard) and Anna Katz (née Entenberg). His parents ran a grocery store and an import-export business business in Vienna. Kates fled to Italy to escape the Nazis after the Anschluss in 1938 and then, in 1939, joined the rest of his family which had fled to England. Kates enlisted in the British Army but, before he could see service, he and other Germans and Austrians resident in Britain were interned as enemy aliens. Kates was deported to Canada where he remained interned for almost two years until he and most of his fellow Jewish internees were recognised by the government as "victims of Nazi aggression" and released. At the camps in New Brunswick and Quebec, Kates fished, worked as a lumberjack, knitted socks and successfully studied for his high school diploma through McGill University's high school matriculation program, placing first in Quebec's province-wide exams. After his release in 1942, he moved to Toronto where he met Lillian Kroch, marrying her in 1944. They had four children: Louis, Naomi, Celina and Philip A.
He was educated at Goethe-Realschule (Vienna: 1931 - 1938); McGill University (Montreal: 1941, junior and senior matriculation); University of Toronto (Toronto: 1944 - 1948, Honours in Mathematics and Physics; 1948 - 1949: M.A. in Applied Math; 1949 - 1951: Ph.D. in Physics).
Kates started his career working for the Imperial Optical Company of Toronto in 1942, and was in charge of precision optics for Royal Canadian Navy equipment until he left in 1944. He then spent time working for Rogers Vacuum Tube Company, (now Royal Philips Electronics), for the next 4 years in the development and manufacturing of radar and radio tubes. This background gave him a solid foundation on which to pursue his work in 1948 at the University of Toronto, Computation Centre where he participated in the design and building of UTEC the first pilot model of a computer built in Canada. Dr. Kates also built the first digital game playing machine ("Bertie the Brain") which was exhibited at the 1950 Canadian National Exhibition and which used a special electron tube of his own design, the Additron Tube. He also designed Toronto's automated traffic signalling system in 1954 - the first in the world.
He went on to found and become the President of KCS Ltd in Toronto between 1954 and 1966, which merged with the consulting arm of Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co. to become Kates, Peat, Marwick & Co. in Canada, with other corporations in the US and the UK, for which he acted as a co-managing partner. He served as a computer consultant to numerous Canadian and American firms and organizations. He was involved in the creation of "Setak Computer Services Corp. Ltd." (his last name spelled backwards) which was based in Toronto. It offered computer access and consulting based on Burroughs computers, e.g. the B5500. In 1974 he founded Josef Kates Associates Inc., for which he acted as president.
In 1968, he was appointed to the Science Council of Canada, and served as its chairman from 1975 to 1978. Other positions Kates has held include chairman, CEO and director of companies such as Teleride Sage Ltd. (1977–1996), and IRD Teleride (1996–1997) followed until his retirement.
His wife, Lillian Kroch, died of cancer in 1993 after almost 50 years of marriage. In 1995, Kates married his second wife, Kay Hill.
Honors.
He was honoured many times in life, including:
Memberships.
He retained membership in the following organizations
Intelligent Transportation stems association of Canada Life time achievement Award, May 2013

</doc>
<doc id="2899494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899494" title="Soma Morgenstern">
Soma Morgenstern

Soma Morgenstern (May 3, 1890 in Budzanów, Galicia – April 17, 1976 in New York) was a Jewish-Austrian writer and journalist.
Biography.
Soma (real name Salomo) Morgenstern spent his childhood in various villages in Galicia. His father worked as a bailiff, but was also a Jewish scholar and fulfilled the functions of a prayer leader in the area where the Morgensterns lived at that time. The Morgenstern family were adherents of Hasidic Judaism, and so religion played a significant role in Soma's childhood.
Morgenstern's upbringing was not only religious but also multilingual. In his childhood memories Ukrainian was his first language, though Yiddish became his native tongue. He also learned ancient Hebrew in order to understand religious texts, and sometimes went to Polish, sometimes Ukrainian village schools, in which he was also taught German. German would later be the language in which he wrote, in large part because his father held the language in high esteem.
He did not however take after his father in all things; after he completed his basic education he went to the grammar school in Tarnopol, a regional cultural centre at the time. During this period he became an atheist, but later rediscovered his religion, which strongly influenced his work:
"But I stood before a lectern, on which a neglected prayer-book lay. [...] My eyes fell onto a verse which I knew well, but only now recognised as a great truth. [...] He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? He that formed the eye, shall he not see? 94.9, KJV What a verse! What a question! I had learned from the Darwinists how an organ for seeing can come into existence. [...] But, as I suddenly asked myself, who invented "seeing"? Who had put it into words as the psalmist did?! Who had questioned so deeply and written so highly?! I felt my atheism faltering." (From "In another time. Youth in East Galicia", his incomplete autobiography)
After he left grammar school Morgenstern went to Vienna to study law in 1912, where his studies were interrupted by his military service during the First World War, meaning he only graduated in 1921. Afterwards he worked as, among others, as the Vienna correspondent for the Frankfurter Zeitung and moved in the intellectual circles of Vienna, and was befriended by, for example, the composer Alban Berg and the authors Joseph Roth and Robert Musil.
In March 1938 he fled Vienna via France (where he was repeatedly detained as a "foreign enemy") to New York in 1941, where he lived until his death in 1976. His son Dan Morgenstern is a well-known jazz historian, critic, lecturer and archivist at Rutgers University.
Bibliography.
"The Son of the Lost Son" (Philadelphia: The Jewish Publication Society of America), 1946<br>
"In My Father's Pastures" (Philadelphia: The Jewish Publication Society of America), 1947<br>
"The Testament of the Lost Son" (Philadelphia: The Jewish Publication Society of America), 1950
The following eleven works appear on Soma Morgenstern's entry at ZuKlampen-Verlags (German):

</doc>
<doc id="2899501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899501" title="Hezi Leskali">
Hezi Leskali

Hezi Leskli (1952-1994) was born in Rehovot, Israel. He studied dancing and art in the Netherlands. He worked as a painter and a choreographer, and published four books of poems. In 1992 he published "Dutch Poetry - Four Imagined Dutch Poets and a Nonexistent Israeli Poet."

</doc>
<doc id="2899506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899506" title="Carl Pollock">
Carl Pollock

Carl Arthur Pollock, OC (1903 – August 16, 1978) was a Canadian businessman. Born in Kitchener, Ontario, graduated from the University of Toronto in electrical engineering. A scholarship from the Massey Foundation financed two years at Oxford University, England. At university he showed exceptional talent in track and rowing. 
He taught for a short time at the University of Toronto, but his father's illness led him to choose a career in business and industry at Electrohome in Kitchener, employing 3,100. Pollock joined the firm and was president for many years. He was also the founder of several media outlets in Kitchener, including CKKW, CFCA and CKCO.
Pollock was a member of the National Design Council and in 1963 he became president of the Canadian Manufactures' Association. He was convinced that Canadian technology and industry would take no second place. His own firm led in introducing several firsts in the electronics field.
In 1975, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his many services to industry, particularly in the field of electronics and for a variety of community activities." He was a founder of the University of Waterloo, chairperson of the board of governors for eleven years and chancellor from 1975 to 1978. He was a founder of the Stratford Festival of Canada and supported musical groups, including the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="2899509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899509" title="The Wait (song)">
The Wait (song)

"The Wait" is a song by Killing Joke. It first appeared on their eponymous 1980 debut album, "Killing Joke". In 1987, Metallica covered "The Wait" on their EP, "", and re-issued it on their 1998 compilation album, "Garage Inc." An excerpt of Metallica's version appeared in the film "School of Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="2899510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899510" title="Jack Bogdanski">
Jack Bogdanski

John A. "Jack" Bogdanski is a professor of law at Lewis & Clark Law School in Portland, Oregon, United States. He has taught at Lewis & Clark since leaving practice as a partner with the law firm Stoel Rives LLP in Portland in 1986. In fall 1992, he was a visiting professor of law at Stanford University, and in the fall of 1999, he was of counsel to Stoel Rives on a full-time basis. His primary teaching and research emphasis is on federal taxes. He is a five-time winner of Lewis & Clark's Leo Levenson Award for excellence in law teaching, most recently in 2003.
Bogdanski is a former member of the Commissioner's Advisory Group of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. He is the author of the treatise "Federal Tax Valuation," and the editor-in-chief of the journal "Valuation Strategies". He has written many articles on federal tax law, and he is the Closely Held Businesses and Valuation columnist for "Estate Planning". He has been a frequent speaker at continuing education programs on tax law. He is cited as an expert on taxation in national news stories. He was a founder of the group "People Against Nuclear Dumping at Hanford" in the 1980s.
Bogdanski is a native of Newark, New Jersey. He graduated summa cum laude with a degree in Classical Languages and Literature from Saint Peter's College, New Jersey in 1975. He received his law degree in 1978 from Stanford Law School, where he was an editor of the "Stanford Law Review" and a member of the honor society The Order of the Coif. In 1978-'79, he served as a law clerk to judge Alfred T. Goodwin of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Bogdanski lives in Northeast Portland with his wife, Nolee Olson, and their daughters, Ella and Greta Bogdanski.
Bogdanski has been referred to as a "notable local blogger," having published Jack Bog's Blog since July 2002. He has described his politics as centrist, and once estimated that he visits dozens of blogs per day researching stories. He was interviewed on local blogging by Oregon Public Broadcasting's "Oregon Territory" in 2004, and was the only blogger quoted in an OPB radio story on the topic in 2007. He has also been quoted by the nationally syndicated commentator Michelle Malkin.

</doc>
<doc id="2899516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899516" title="Santiago Oñate Laborde">
Santiago Oñate Laborde

Santiago Oñate Laborde (b. Mexico City, 1949) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Santiago Oñate has served in several positions inside the PRI and in the Mexican government. He was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1985 and to the Federal District Legislative Assembly upon expiration of his term as a federal legislator in 1998. In 1991 and 1992 he served as Ambassador to the Organization of American States and, in 1993, as the head of the Environmental Attorney's Office ("Procuraduría Federal de Protección al Medio Ambiente" or PROFEPA). In 1995 he was designated President of the PRI. He served for President Carlos Salinas as the head of the Presidency's Office ("Oficina de la Presidencia"). President Ernesto Zedillo appointed him as Secretary of Labor. Oñate has also served as Ambassador to the United Kingdom and to the Netherlands.
He pursued studies at the London School of Economics and Social Sciences and at the University of Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="2899520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899520" title="Batsto River">
Batsto River

The Batsto River is a tributary of the Mullica River in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States. Originating in Tabernacle Township, the Batsto River is joined by Skit Branch, Deep Run, Springer's Brook, Penn Swamp Branch and Goodwater Run before reaching Batsto Village where a dam forms Batsto Lake. From Batsto Village, the stream continues on for a few miles before its confluence with the Mullica River at The Forks.
The Batsto River passes through multiple historic landmarks along its journey to the Mullica River. These landmarks include Hampton furnace, Lower Forge and Quaker Bridge, each being places of small settlements at one time.

</doc>
<doc id="2899529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899529" title="Psi Aurigae">
Psi Aurigae

The Bayer designation Psi Aurigae (ψ Aur, ψ Aurigae) is shared by ten star systems that lie in the constellation Auriga near the border with Lynx:
The Psi Aurigae stars mostly belonged to the now obsolete constellation Telescopium Herschelii, that is now part of Auriga. 
Other name of the Psi Aurigae are 

</doc>
<doc id="2899530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899530" title="Ronny Someck">
Ronny Someck

Ronny Someck (born 1951) is an Israeli poet and author, whose works have been translated into many languages.
Biography.
Someck was born in Baghdad and came to Israel as a young child. He studied Hebrew literature and philosophy at Tel Aviv University and drawing at the Avni Academy of Art. He has worked with street gangs, and currently teaches literature and leads creative writing workshops.
Literary career.
Someck has published 10 volumes of poetry (The last called "Algeria"). He authored a children's book together with his daughter Shirly ( "The Laughter Button"), that has been translated into 39 languages.
Selections of his poems have appeared in Arabic translation, French (with the exile Iraqi poet- A.K. El-Janabi), Catalan, Albanian, Italian, Macedonian, Croatian, Yiddish, Nepali, Dutch, Danish and English.
He is the recipient of the Prime Minister's Award, Yehuda Amichai Award for Hebrew poetry, The "Wine poem award" in Struga Poetry Evenings, Macedonia, 2005 and Hans Berghhuis prize for poetry 2006 at the Maastricht International Poetry Nights, the Netherlands.
He has recorded three discs with the musician Elliott Sharp: "Revenge of the Stuttering Child", "Poverty Line", and "A Short History of Vodka".
In 1998 he mounted an exhibition “Nature’s Factory, winter 2046” with Beny Efrat at the Israel Museum.
In 2004 he mounted "Hawadja Bialik" and in 2007 mounted "Real Madrid" - two exhibitions in the Museum of Israeli Art, Ramat-Gan.
He is a member of the Public Council of the Batsheva Dance Company and the Hebrew-Arabic Theatre.
In 2012, he has been awarded the Cross of The Order of The Knights for a Distinguished Service OF Poland
In 2013, he has been awarded the knight of the Order of Arts and Letters of France
Published works.
For children:
In Albanian
In Arabic:
In Catalan:
In Croatian
In English:
In French:
In Italian
In Macedonian
In Nepali
In Yiddish
In Dutch
in Danish
In Portuguese
In German 
Translations of his poems have appeared in anthologies and poetry journals in 39 languages.
Art.
Artworks by Ronny Someck or based on his work:

</doc>
<doc id="2899536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899536" title="Quickselect">
Quickselect

In computer science, a quickselect is a selection algorithm related to the quicksort sorting algorithm. Like quicksort, it was developed by Tony Hoare, and thus is also known as Hoare's selection algorithm. Like quicksort, it is efficient in practice and has good average-case performance, but has poor worst-case performance. Quickselect and variants is the selection algorithm most often used in efficient real-world implementations.
Quickselect uses the same overall approach as quicksort, choosing one element as a pivot and partitioning the data in two based on the pivot, accordingly as less than or greater than the pivot. However, instead of recursing into both sides, as in quicksort, quickselect only recurses into one side – the side with the element it is searching for. This reduces the average complexity from O("n" log "n") (in quicksort) to O("n") (in quickselect).
As with quicksort, quickselect is generally implemented as an in-place algorithm, and beyond selecting the "k"th element, it also partially sorts the data. See selection algorithm for further discussion of the connection with sorting.
Algorithm.
In quicksort, there is a subprocedure called partition that can, in linear time, group a list (ranging from indices codice_1 to codice_2) into two parts, those less than a certain element, and those greater than or equal to the element. Here is pseudocode that performs a partition about the element codice_3:
In quicksort, we recursively sort both branches, leading to best-case Ω("n" log "n") time. However, when doing selection, we already know which partition our desired element lies in, since the pivot is in its final sorted position, with all those preceding it in an unsorted order and all those following it in an unsorted order. Thus a single recursive call locates the desired element in the correct partition:
Note the resemblance to quicksort: just as the minimum-based selection algorithm is a partial selection sort, this is a partial quicksort, generating and partitioning only O(log "n") of its O("n") partitions. This simple procedure has expected linear performance, and, like quicksort, has quite good performance in practice. It is also an in-place algorithm, requiring only constant memory overhead, since the tail recursion can be eliminated with a loop like this:
Time complexity.
Like quicksort, the quickselect has good average performance, but is sensitive to the pivot that is chosen. If good pivots are chosen, meaning ones that consistently decrease the search set by a given fraction, then the search set decreases in size exponentially and by induction (or summing the geometric series) one sees that performance is linear, as each step is linear and the overall time is a constant times this (depending on how quickly the search set reduces). However, if bad pivots are consistently chosen, such as decreasing by only a single element each time, then worst-case performance is quadratic: O("n"2). This occurs for example in searching for the maximum element of a set, using the first element as the pivot, and having sorted data.
Variants.
The easiest solution is to choose a random pivot, which yields almost certain linear time. Deterministically, one can use median-of-3 pivot strategy (as in the quicksort), which yields linear performance on partially sorted data, as is common in the real world. However, contrived sequences can still cause worst-case complexity; David Musser describes a "median-of-3 killer" sequence that allows an attack against that strategy, which was one motivation for his introselect algorithm.
One can assure linear performance even in the worst case by using a more sophisticated pivot strategy; this is done in the median of medians algorithm. However, the overhead of computing the pivot is high, and thus this is generally not used in practice. One can combine basic quickselect with median of medians as fallback to get both fast average case performance and linear worst-case performance; this is done in introselect.
Finer computations of the time complexity yield worst case of formula_1 for random pivots (in case of median; other "k" are faster). The constant can be improved to 3/2 by a more complicated pivot strategy, yielding the Floyd–Rivest algorithm, which has average complexity of formula_2 for median, with other "k" being faster.

</doc>
<doc id="2899538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899538" title="Philip (son of Machatas)">
Philip (son of Machatas)

Philip (in Greek Φιλιππoς; died 326 BC), son of Machatas and brother of Harpalus, was an officer in the service of Alexander the Great, who was appointed by him in 327 BC satrap of India, including the provinces westward of the Hydaspes, as far south as the junction of the Indus with the Acesines. After the conquest of the Malli and Oxydracae, these tribes also were added to his government. 
Philip was put in charge by Alexander of building the city of Alexandria on the Indus.
The territory south of the junction of the Indus with the Acesines to the sea was given to Oxyartes and Peithon, son of Agenor (Arrian, Anabasis of Alexander VI.15.4)
Droysen considers this Philip to have been the father of Antigonus, the king of Asia. It is certain at least that they were both of the race of the princes of Elimiotis.
After the departure of Alexander from India, Philip was assassinated by a conspiracy formed among the mercenary troops under his command, 326 BC. Alexander named Eudamus and Taxiles as rulers of his territories in replacement:

</doc>
<doc id="2899543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899543" title="Vanhat herrat">
Vanhat herrat

Vanhat herrat (Finnish for "The old gentlemen") is a Finnish comic strip drawn by Pauli Heikkilä and written by him and Markku Paretskoi. It was frequently featured in the popular humour magazine "Pahkasika", Paretskoi being the magazine's executive editor for its entire run. While preliminary versions of the characters first appeared in a Tampere journalism students' union magazine in 1977, it is generally considered that the characters reached their mature form in 1982. The creators of the strip were awarded the Finnish Comic Society's "Puupää hat" award in 1998.
In 1998–1999 the strip appeared weekly in the urban newspaper Tamperelainen, but in 2000 Pahkasika was discontinued, and the strip has been on hiatus since 2002. That year, all strips from 1982 onwards were collected in a single 222-page volume, ""Taru Vanhoista herroista"" ("The Legend of the Old Gentlemen" - a play on the name of the Finnish translation of The Lord of the Rings), ISBN 952-9809-56-5.
The strip stars two Finnish men seemingly in their early thirties. Their real names are never given, they are simply called "the blond gentleman" and "the dark-haired gentleman" because of their hair colour. Occasionally, a third main character, their uncle (called the Uncle), also appears. In one episode, the gentlemen also have a son whom they kidnapped from his mother while she was shopping. The son makes short one- or two-frame appearances also in the latter episodes.
Most of the strips are about the main characters having some sort of fantasy adventure, as if reliving their childhood or teenage. These adventures were often rather eccentric, such as one set in Thoreau's Walden. They also flaunt their literacy in a strip where they meet author Veikko Huovinen and incense him by talking exclusively in sentences which contain the title of one of his books.
The gentlemen also frequently drink alcoholic beverages. The nature of their adventures may be understood as the authors' documentation of their own lives as undergraduate university students.
In one strip, it has been shown that both men have a girlfriend. The blond gentleman's girlfriend has dark hair and the dark-haired gentleman's girlfriend is blonde.
"Vanhat herrat" has not been translated into English, save for a single page which Pahkasika featured in both Finnish and English.

</doc>
<doc id="2899544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899544" title="CrossDOS">
CrossDOS

CrossDOS is a file system handler for accessing FAT formatted media on Amiga computers. It was bundled with AmigaOS 2.1 and later. Its function was to allow working with disks formatted for PCs and Atari STs (amongst others). In the 1990s it become a commonly used method of file exchange between Amiga systems and other platforms.
CrossDOS supports both double density (720 KB) and high density (1.44 MB) floppy disks on compatible disk drives. As with AmigaDOS disk handling, CrossDOS allows automatic disk-change detection for FAT formatted floppy disks. The file system can also be used with hard disks and other media for which CrossDOS provided hard disk configuration software. However, the versions of CrossDOS bundled with AmigaOS does not support long filenames, an extension to FAT that was introduced with Microsoft's Windows 95.
History.
CrossDOS was originally developed as a stand-alone commercial product by Consultron, which was available for AmigaOS 1.2 and 1.3. In 1992 Commodore included a version of CrossDOS with AmigaOS 2.1 (and with later versions), so that users could work with PC formatted disks. In fact, the bundled version will also work with version 2.0 of AmigaOS. The bundled CrossDOS replaced an obscure tool in earlier versions of AmigaOS that could access FAT formatted disks on a secondary floppy disk drive only (this tool was not a complete file system but a user program to read files from a FAT formatted disk). Development of CrossDOS continued after being bundled with the OS. CrossDOS 7 was the last version released which includes support for long filenames amongst other features not available in the bundled version.

</doc>
<doc id="2899549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899549" title="ISEA International">
ISEA International

ISEA International is "an international non-profit organisation fostering interdisciplinary academic discourse and exchange among culturally diverse organisations and individuals working with art, science and technology. The main activity of ISEA International is the annual International Symposium on Electronic Art (ISEA)". (From ISEA International website.)
The organisation was founded in the Netherlands in 1990, as an international membership association, originally named Inter-Society for the Electronic Arts. In 2009, it was changed from an association to a foundation, the name changed to "ISEA International", and the headquarters moved to the UK. The annual International Symposium on Electronic Art is also known as ISEA.
International Symposium on Electronic Art (ISEA).
Previous and future symposia have included:

</doc>
<doc id="2899558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899558" title="Fud Leclerc">
Fud Leclerc

Fud LeClerc (1924 – 20 September 2010) was a Belgian singer, who was also the pianist of Juliette Gréco. Born Fernand Urbain Dominic Leclercq, LeClerc had a career as a pianist, accordionist, song writer and singer before retiring to travel the world. On his return to Belgium he began a new career as a building contractor. More recently, LeClerc was invited to ESC 2005 by the Belgian TV network RTBF as a guest star.
LeClerc represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest four times:
The song LeClerc performed in the 1962 Contest is notable for being the (joint) first song performed at the Contest that scored zero points.
At the time of his death LeClerc was retired, and living in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="2899565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899565" title="Cherry tomato">
Cherry tomato

A cherry tomato is a very small variety of tomato that has been cultivated since at least the early 1800s and thought to have originated in Peru and Northern Chile. Cherry tomatoes range in size from a thumbtip up to the size of a golf ball, and can range from being spherical to slightly oblong in shape. The more oblong ones often share characteristics with plum tomatoes, and are known as "grape tomatoes". The berry tomato is regarded as a botanical variety of the cultivated berry, "Solanum lycopersicum" var. "cerasiforme". The modern-day common commercial cherry tomato was developed in Israel.
History.
Cherry tomatoes are believed to go as far back as Aztec Mexico in at least the 15th century CE (see Tomato). Records of Santorini cherry tomatoes being heavily cultivated in Greece can be found as far back as 1875, from seeds brought there by a monk in the early 1800s. Locals believe that the seeds were imported from somewhere in Egypt.
Cherry tomatoes have been popular in the United States since at least 1919. Recipes using cherry tomatoes can be found in articles dating back to 1967.
Cultivars.
"See: List of Tomato Cultivars"
The "Santorini" cherry tomato developed from seeds brought to Santorini (Greece) in 1818. It is known for its flavour and body. International conferences dedicated to the cultivation, horticulture and agriculture of the cherry tomato are also held at Santorini. 
The "Tomaccio" tomato was developed by several labs in Israel, the dominant ones being the lab head by Prof. Nahum Keidar and Prof. Chaim Rabinovitch from the Agriculture Faculty of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Rehovot Campus. It is the product of a 12-year breeding program using wild Peruvian tomato species to create a sweet snack tomato with excellent ripening time and shelf time.
The Super Sweet 100 is a hybrid cultivar popular in America. It is resistant to both Fusarium and Verticillium wilt.
The Selke Biodynamic cherry tomato was named after Margrit Selke. wrote that the seed and plant of this unusual species contains forces evoking "the cosmic sphere of sunlit clouds, air and wind..."

</doc>
<doc id="2899566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899566" title="Tynedale Council election, 2003">
Tynedale Council election, 2003

Elections to Tynedale Council were held on 1 May 2003. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative Party took overall control over the council.
Election Result.
10 Conservative, 2 Labour and 1 Liberal Democrat councillors were elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="2899576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899576" title="Trump Tower">
Trump Tower

Trump Tower or Trump Towers may refer to one of several skyscrapers owned and operated by Donald Trump:
Other

</doc>
<doc id="2899579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899579" title="Sociedad General de Autores y Editores">
Sociedad General de Autores y Editores

Spanish Society of Authors and Publishers (Sociedad General de Autores y Editores, SGAE) is the main collecting society for songwriters, composers and music publishers in Spain. It is similar to AGADU, ASCAP, GEMA, SADAIC, and SAYCO. The philologist, poet, composer, scriptwriter, movie and television director and producer Antón Reixa (1957) is the Chairman of the Board of Directors since May 2012. SGAE was founded in 1889 as Society of Authors of Spain. In 1995, its name changed to Society of Authors and Publishers, seeking to accommodate cultural editors.
SGAE comprises more than 100,000 music, audiovisual and dramatic creators. Created in 1899, its main mission is the protection of its members' rights for the use of their works throughout the world. These uses include mechanical reproduction, public performance, synchronization and many other forms of musical distribution. This process culminates in the collection and subsequent royalty distribution to its members.
With over 430 employees, more than 200 representatives in Spain, plus offices in the USA, Brazil, Mexico, Cuba and Argentina, SGAE protects the rights of more than two million members from all over the world. It does so through reciprocal representation agreements entered into with 150 foreign societies which, in turn, administer and protect its members rights in their respective territories.
SGAE is not only an organism for the management of rights. Through its Fundación Autor, or in collaboration with cultural institutions, SGAE enhances its compromise to promote the continuous formation of its members and the diffusion of their works around the world, aiding for their well-being, including the start-up of an assistance program with multiple features and social benefits.
Digital canon.
One of the main activities of the SGAE is the collection of a blank media tax called “canon”. This tax is aimed to compensate authors for private copies of their work and was incorporated into Spanish law by Law 22/1987 of November 11, Intellectual Property. This law recognized the right of users to make private copies. The fee was intended to levy countervailing audio and video devices such as tapes, stereos or televisions. Its latest version, called “digital canon”, placed the SGAE in the middle of a controversy when trying to extrapolate this charge to digital devices such as CD, DVD, external hard drives and cell phones capable of playing music. The amount payable ranges from 0.17 euros on the price of a CD-R up to 227 euros to be paid to purchase a copier.
Opponents.
The digital canon was implemented on 18 December 2007, and it introduced the payment of a fee as compensation for private copying that both individuals and companies must pay regardless of the intended use for the device. This has been a main argument of opponents of the blank media tax, who believe that the indiscriminate application of the canon does not respect the presumption of innocence of consumers. However, the Spanish Intellectual Property Law recognizes the right to private copying, so there is no offense to commit, and therefore there is no presumption of innocence. The digital canon has grown unpopular in Spain and the two main Spanish organizations of Internet users had collected three million signatures by February 2010 calling for the abolition of the tax. Many Internet users defend their right to make private copies of the purchased contents without paying any additional fees.
Defenders.
The private copying levy has traditionally been seen as a compensation for the original authors, transferring payment from analog media to digital media. Apart from the controversy surrounding it in Spain, the tax common among European countries and is seen as a compensation accepted in all European Union countries, provided by Directive 2001/29/EC, which in Article 5 authorizes the various member countries to enter the private copying exception provided that the legislation adequately compensate the original authors. Ireland, United Kingdom, Luxembourg, Malta and Cyprus do not recognize the right to private copying, so no fee is charged. Other countries have opted to compensate the authors directly. This is the case of Norway, where 40 million euros were spent for this purpose during 2010. Outside Europe, the fee is also charged in countries such as Canada, while in the U.S., recording media devices are taxed at a rate of 3%.
Legal dispute.
In 2004, the SGAE claimed EUR 16,759.25 to the company PADAWAN, dedicated to the marketing of multimedia devices such as CD, DVD or MP3, to compensate for devices sold between September 2002 and September 2004. PADAWAN took the case to trial, and the Court of Barcelona consulted with the Court of Justice of the European Union if the Spanish tax system for the cultural industry is compatible with Community law. The Court of Justice of European Union General Counsel, Verica Trstenjak, ruled that the application of digital canon in Spain is illegal when imposed indiscriminately on all recording and playing equipment and materials purchased by companies and not only those who presumably are intended for making private copies, the only case in which the digital canon would comply with European legislation. The law states that under no circumstances the canon can be imposed to companies and professionals that clearly acquire the devices for purposes unrelated to private copying.
Following the European resolution, digital canon has been strongly questioned by Internet users and some political parties. To achieve parliamentary support for the so-called “Sinde Law”, after the Culture Ministry, Ángeles González-Sinde, approved by the Senate Finance Committee on February 1, 2011 the Spanish Government committed to eliminate the digital fee within three months after the approval of the law, a condition required by the main opposition party, the Partido Popular.
Controversies.
The SGAE has been involved in several controversies, like charging a fine of 96€ to a middle school for trying to make a theatrical play whose rights belonged to Federico García Lorca's heirs. The SGAE denied access to any information or communication to the owners of the rights to the school. The school administrators by their own account finally found the copyright holders, the Centro Dramático Nacional, (whose responsibles weren't informed of the situation at all by their SGAE representatives) and they gladly agreed to the school petition without any charge. However, the SGAE replied that they only acted like intermediaries and had no authority to stop demanding the payment for the copyright of registered works, unless the author or the owners requested so.
Finally, Lorca’s nephew, Manuel Fernández Montesinos, contacted the Ramón Menéndez Pidal middle school to inform that they could play "Bodas de sangre" without any charges. A few days later, Montesinos wrote again to the School Principal refusing to lose the copyright's tax since the play was to be represented in a professional theatre and not at the school.
The SGAE has also claimed copyright for works of authors deceased more than 70 years ago at the time of the claim, a condition that, under European law, deems the works to be of public domain. According to the councils of Zalamea de la Serena (Badajoz), and Fuente Obejuna (Córdoba), the company claimed 24,000 and 30,000 euros respectively to represent the classic Spanish dramas "El alcalde de Zalamea" and "Fuenteovejuna", whose authors died centuries ago. The problem arises from the fact that many of the represented classic plays are adaptations to current Spanish from an original work’s ancient language, so in those cases a collection of fees is required from the adapter. In both cases, the SGAE rejected the accusations and stated that, in the case of Zalamea de la Serena, the requested quantity was 95 euros.
A common description of SGAE by independent songwriters in Spain is that the organization is made up of pirates who prefer to keep and spend royalty money owed to the writers.
Embezzlement investigation.
On 1 July 2011, eight members of the SGAE, including the president, Teddy Bautista, were arrested and charged with embezzlement. The Investigation Committee estimated that as much as 87 million euros were embezzled directly or indirectly from 1997 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2899587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899587" title="4852 Pamjones">
4852 Pamjones

4852 Pamjones (provisional designation: 1977 JD) is a Main Belt minor planet. It was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory on May 15, 1977. It is named for Pamela Jones, a member of the Lunar and Planetary Institute at NASA.

</doc>
<doc id="2899589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899589" title="Denny Matthews">
Denny Matthews

Dennis G. "Denny" Matthews (born November 14, 1942) is an American sportscaster, best known as a play-by-play announcer for Major League Baseball's Kansas City Royals since the team's inception in .
Early history.
Matthews grew up in Bloomington, Illinois, and attended Illinois Wesleyan University, where he played baseball and football, and belonged to the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He worked for local radio and television stations in Peoria and St. Louis before his hiring by the Royals.
Broadcast career.
Matthews has broadcast for the Royals since their inception in 1969, when he teamed with Bud Blattner. From to – a stretch that includes the best seasons in the Royals' history – Matthews was paired with Fred White. In , the two also teamed up to write a book called "Play by Play: 25 Years of Royals on Radio", which recounts anecdotes from those seasons. Matthews also called baseball events for the national CBS Radio network in the 1980s.
In 1999, the Royals fired White and replaced him with the younger Ryan Lefebvre. Despite a tremendous age difference, Matthews and Lefebvre integrated their styles well and their dry wit and rapport became popular with Royals fans.
In 2008, Matthews cut back on his broadcast schedule, traveling to fewer road games, turning many of those chores over to Bob Davis and Steve Stewart (who succeeded Lefebvre in the Royals' radio booth while the latter shifted to television). However, Matthews broadcast the first road trip of that season from Detroit and Minnesota while Davis was broadcasting the Kansas Jayhawks' run to the national basketball championship. Matthews handled most of the home schedule and much of the September slate, when Davis turned his attention to broadcasting Jayhawks football games.
Matthews' broadcasts and longevity have made him a popular figure in Kansas City. Baseball historian and statistician Bill James is among his fans, and has written:
Matthews' tenure with the Royals, at 44 years and counting, is the third-longest continuous tenure with one team of any current Major League Baseball announcer, trailing only those of Los Angeles Dodgers broadcasters Vin Scully (1950–present) and Jaime Jarrín (1959–present).
Awards.
Matthews was inducted into the Royals Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 2005. He was presented with the Ford C. Frick Award by the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2899597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899597" title="History of agriculture">
History of agriculture

Agriculture involving domestication of plants and animals was developed around 10,000 B.C.E. although earlier people began altering communities of flora and fauna for their own benefit through other means such as fire-stick farming prior to that. Agriculture has undergone significant developments since the time of the earliest cultivation. The Fertile Crescent of Western Asia, Egypt and India were sites of the earliest planned sowing and harvesting of plants that had previously been gathered in the wild. Independent development of agriculture occurred in northern and southern China, Africa's Sahel, New Guinea, parts of India and several regions of the Americas. Agricultural techniques such as irrigation, crop rotation, the application of fertilizers were developed soon after the Neolithic Revolution but have made significant strides in the past 200 years. The Haber-Bosch method for synthesizing ammonium nitrate represented a major breakthrough and allowed crop yields to overcome previous constraints.
In the past century, agriculture in the developed nations, and to a lesser extent in the developing world, has been characterized by enhanced productivity, the replacement of human labor by synthetic fertilizers and pesticides, selective breeding, and mechanization. The recent history of agriculture has been closely tied with a range of political issues including water pollution, biofuels, genetically modified organisms, tariffs, and farm subsidies. In recent years, there has been a backlash against the external environmental effects of mechanized agriculture, and increasing support for the organic movement and sustainable agriculture.
Origins.
Scholars have developed a number of hypotheses to explain the historical origins of agriculture. The transition from hunter-gatherer to agricultural societies, based on evidence from south west Asia and China, indicates an antecedent period of intensification and increasing sedentism known as the Natufian in south West Asia and the Early Chinese Neolithic in China. Current models indicate that a range of food resources was being used more intensively. Wild stands that had been harvested previously started to be planted. Evidence is also now emerging that the crops grown initially were wild and not domesticated. Crops such as emmer and einkorn wheat do not appear to have become domesticated until well into the Neolithic and 'ancient cultivated rice' ("Oryza sativa") took 3000 years to become domesticated.
Localised climate change is the favoured explanation for the origins of agriculture in the Levant. The fact that farming was 'invented' at least three times elsewhere, suggests that social reasons may have been instrumental. When major climate change took place after the last ice age (c. 11,000 BC), much of the earth became subject to long dry seasons. These conditions favoured annual plants which die off in the long dry season, leaving a dormant seed or tuber. These plants tended to put more energy into producing seeds than into woody growth. An abundance of readily storable wild grains and pulses enabled hunter-gatherers in some areas to form the first settled villages at this time.
The Oasis hypothesis was proposed by Raphael Pumpelly in 1908, and popularized by Vere Gordon Childe who summarized the hypothesis in his book "Man Makes Himself" This hypothesis maintains that as the climate got drier, communities contracted to oases where they were forced into close association with animals which were then domesticated together with planting of seeds. The hypothesis has little contemporary support, as the climate data for the time does not support the hypothesis.
The Hilly Flanks hypothesis, proposed by Robert Braidwood in 1948, suggests that agriculture began in the hilly flanks of the Taurus and Zagros Mountains, and that it developed from intensive focused grain gathering in the region.
The Feasting model by Brian Hayden suggests that agriculture was driven by ostentatious displays of power, such as throwing feasts to exert dominance. This required assembling large quantities of food which drove agricultural technology.
The Demographic theories were proposed by Carl Sauer and adapted by Lewis Binford and Kent Flannery. They describe an increasingly sedentary population, expanding up to the carrying capacity of the local environment, and requiring more food than can be gathered. Various social and economic factors help drive the need for food.
The evolutionary/intentionality hypothesis, advanced by scholars including David Rindos, is the idea that agriculture is a co-evolutionary adaptation of plants and humans. Starting with domestication by protection of wild plants, followed specialization of location and then domestication.
The Levantine Primacy Model was developed in the 1980s by Ofer Bar-Yosef and his collaborators. This provides a cultural ecology explanation, based on the idea that some areas were better favoured with domesticable plants and animals than others.
The domestication hypothesis put forth by Daniel Quinn and others states that "first" humans stayed in particular areas, giving up their nomadic ways, "then" developed agriculture and animal domestication.
Another hypothesis is that humans were prevented from staying in one place for much of their history, due to the risk of attacks from other tribes.
The Innovation and Specialisation Model was put forward recently by Rupert Gerritsen, in "Australia and the Origins of Agriculture" (2008). This hypothesis considers the question in terms of economic development and treats agriculture as a form of specialisation arising from two factors, higher population densities and innovation in areas of higher net natural productivity, and long-term advantageous information acquisition at nodal points in communication in long range scale-free networks.
Development of agriculture.
Identifying the exact origin of agriculture remains problematic because the transition from hunter-gatherer societies began thousands of years before the invention of writing.
Anthropological and archaeological evidence from sites across Southwest Asia and North Africa indicate use of wild grain (e.g., from the c. 20,000 BCE site of Ohalo II in Israel, many Natufian sites in the Levant and from sites along the Nile in the 10th millennium BCE). There is even evidence of planned cultivation and trait selection: grains of rye with domestic traits have been recovered from Epi-Palaeolithic (10,000+ BCE) contexts at Abu Hureyra in Syria, but this appears to be a localised phenomenon resulting from cultivation of stands of wild rye, rather than a definitive step towards domestication.
Previously, archaeobotanists/paleoethnobotanists had traced the selection and cultivation of specific food plant characteristics in search of the origins of agriculture. One notable example is the semi-tough rachis (and larger seeds) traced to just after the Younger Dryas (about 9500 BCE) in the early Holocene in the Levant region of the Fertile Crescent. However, studies have demonstrated monophyletic characteristics attained without any human intervention, implying that what some may perceive as domestication among rachis could have occurred quite naturally. In fact, the timescale insisted upon for rachis domestication (approx. 3,000 years) coincidentally has been demonstrated to directly coincide with the statistically generated timeframe numerically modeled that would be required for monophyly to be reached if a population were simply abandoned and left to only natural demands, implying that if any sort of human intervention had occurred at all then the timescale insisted upon should be considerably shorter (than 3,000 years).
It was not until after 9500 BCE that the eight so-called founder crops of agriculture appear: first emmer and einkorn wheat, then hulled barley, peas, lentils, bitter vetch, chick peas and flax. These eight crops occur more or less simultaneously on PPNB sites in the Levant, although the consensus is that wheat was the first to be grown and harvested on a significant scale.
At around the same time (9400 BCE), another study argues, parthenocarpic fig trees appear to have been domesticated. The simplicity associated with cutting branches off fig trees and replanting them alongside wild cereals owes to the basis of this argument.
By 7000 BCE, sowing and harvesting reached Mesopotamia, and there, in the fertile soil just north of the Persian Gulf, Sumerians systematized it and scaled it up. By 8000 BCE farming was entrenched on the banks of the Nile River. About this time, agriculture was developed independently in the Far East, probably in China, with rice rather than wheat as the primary crop. Maize was first domesticated, probably from teosinte, in the Americas around 3000-2700 BCE, though there is some archaeological evidence of a much older development. The potato, the tomato, the pepper, squash, several varieties of bean, and several other plants were also developed in the New World, as was quite extensive terracing of steep hillsides in much of Andean South America. Agriculture was also independently developed on the island of New Guinea.
Recent discoveries in Europe, such as Cyprus and mainland Greece has shown that farming started early in south east Europe.
In Franchthi Cave in Greece there are no certain gathering of plant foods attested before ca. 11,000 BCE, although large numbers of seeds of the Boraginaceae family may come from plants gathered to furnish soft bedding or for the dye which their roots may have supplied. First appearing at ca. 11,000 BCE are lentils, vetch, pistachios, and almonds. Then ca. 10,500 BCE appear a few very rare seeds of wild oats and wild barley. Neither wild oats nor wild barley become at all common until ca. 7000 BCE in Cyprus. The oldest agricultural settlement ever found on a Mediterranean island has been discovered in Klimonas. between 9100 and 8600 BCE organized communities were farming and they build half-buried mud brick communal buildings, 10 meters in diameter and surrounded by dwellings, that must have been used to store the village's harvests.
Remains of carbonized seeds of local plants and grains introduced from the Levantine coasts (including emmer, one of the first Middle Eastern wheats) have also been found in Klimonas.
There is evidence of emmer and einkorn wheat, barley, sheep, goats and pigs that suggest a food producing economy in Greece and the Aegean by 7000 BCE. Archaeological evidence from various sites on the Iberian peninsula suggest the domestication of plants and animals between 6000 and 4500 BCE. Céide Fields in Ireland, consisting of extensive tracts of land enclosed by stone walls, date to 3500 BCE and are the oldest known field systems in the world. The horse was domesticated in the Pontic steppe around 4000 BCE.
In China, rice and millet were domesticated by 8000 BCE, followed by the beans mung, soy and azuki. In the Sahel region of Africa local rice and sorghum were domestic by 5000 BCE. Local crops were domesticated independently in West Africa and possibly in Ethiopia. In New Guinea, ancient Papuan peoples are thought to have begun practicing agriculture around 7000 BCE. They began domesticating sugarcane and root crops. Pigs may also have been domesticated around this time. By 3000 BCE, Papuan agriculture was characterized by water control for irrigation. Evidence of the presence of wheat and some legumes in the 6th millennium BCE have been found in the Indus Valley. Oranges were cultivated in the same millennium. The crops grown in the valley around 4000 BCE were typically wheat, peas, sesame seed, barley, dates and mangoes. By 3500 BCE cotton growing and cotton textiles were quite advanced in the valley. By 3000 BCE farming of rice had started. Other monsoon crops of importance of the time was cane sugar. By 2500 BCE, rice was an important component of the staple diet in Mohenjodaro near the Arabian Sea. By this time the Indians had large cities with well-stocked granaries. Three regions of the Americas independently domesticated corn, squashes, potato and sunflowers.
Regional history.
Sumer.
By the Bronze Age, wild food contributed a nutritionally insignificant component to the usual diet. If the operative definition of "agriculture" includes large scale intensive cultivation of land, mono-cropping, organized irrigation, and use of a specialized labour force, the title "inventors of agriculture" would fall to the Sumerians, starting c. 5500 BCE. Intensive farming allows a much greater density of population than can be supported by hunting and gathering, and allows for the accumulation of excess product for off-season use, or to sell/barter. The ability of farmers to feed large numbers of people whose activities have nothing to do with agriculture was the crucial factor in the rise of standing armies. Sumerian agriculture supported a substantial territorial expansion which along with internecine conflict between cities, made them the first empire builders. Not long after, the Egyptians, powered by farming in the fertile Nile valley, achieved a population density from which enough warriors could be drawn for a territorial expansion more than tripling the Sumerian empire in area.
In Sumer, barley was the primary crop; wheat, flax, dates, apples, plums, and grapes were grown as well. Mesopotamian agriculture was both supported and limited by flooding from the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, as floods came in late spring or early summer from snow melting from the Anatolian mountains. The timing of the flooding, along with salt deposits in the soil, made farming in Mesopotamia difficult. Sheep and goats were domesticated, kept mainly for meat and milk, butter and cheese being made from the latter. Ur, a large town that covered about 50 acres (20 hectares), had 10,000 animals kept in sheepfolds and stables and 3,000 slaughtered every year. The city's population of 6,000 included a labour force of 2,500, cultivating 3,000 acres (12 km²) of land. The labour force contained storehouse recorders, work foremen, overseers, and harvest supervisors to supplement labourers. Agricultural produce was given to temple personnel, important people in the community, and small farmers.
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickles in the spring. Wagons had solid wheels covered by leather tires kept in position by copper nails and were drawn by oxen and the Syrian onager (now extinct). Animals were harnessed by collars, yokes, and headstalls. They were controlled by reins, and a ring through the nose or upper lip and a strap under the jaw. As many as four animals could pull a wagon at one time. The horse was domesticated in Ukraine around 4000 BCE, and was in use by the Sumerians around 2000 BCE.
Indus civilization.
Cotton was cultivated by the 5th millennium BCE-4th millennium BCE.
Wheat, barley, and jujube were domesticated in the Indian subcontinent by 9000 BCE; Domestication of sheep and goat soon followed. Barley and wheat cultivation—along with the domestication of cattle, primarily sheep and goat—continued in Mehrgarh culture by 8000-6000 BCE. This period also saw the first domestication of the elephant. Agro pastoralism in India included threshing, planting crops in rows—either of two or of six—and storing grain in granaries. By the 5th millennium BCE agricultural communities became widespread in Kashmir. Archaeological evidence indicates that rice was a part of the Indian diet by 8000 BCE. The Encyclopædia Britannica—on the subject of the first certain cultivated rice—holds that: A number of cultures have evidence of early rice cultivation, including China, India, and the civilizations of Southeast Asia.
Irrigation was developed in the Indus Valley Civilization by around 4500 BCE. The size and prosperity of the Indus civilization grew as a result of this innovation, which eventually led to more planned settlements making use of drainage and sewers. Archeological evidence of an animal-drawn plough dates back to 2500 BCE in the Indus Valley Civilization.
Ancient China.
Records from the Warring States (481 BC-221 BCE), Qin Dynasty (221 BC-207 BCE), and Han Dynasty (202 BC-220 CE) provide a picture of early Chinese agriculture which included a nationwide granary system, and widespread use of sericulture. An important early Chinese book on agriculture is the "Chimin Yaoshu" of 535 CE, written by Jia Sixia. Jia's writing style was straightforward and lucid relative to the elaborate and allusive writing typical of the time. Jia's book was also very long, with over one hundred thousand written Chinese characters, and it quoted many other Chinese books that were written previously, but no longer survive. The contents of Jia's 6th century book include sections on land preparation, seeding, cultivation, orchard management, forestry, and animal husbandry. The book also includes peripherally related content covering trade and culinary uses for crops. The work and the style in which it was written proved influential on later Chinese agronomists, such as Wang Zhen and his groundbreaking "Nong Shu" of 1313 CE.
For agricultural purposes, the Chinese had innovated the hydraulic-powered trip hammer by the 1st century BC. Although it found other purposes, its main function to pound, decorticate, and polish grain that otherwise would have been done manually. The Chinese also began using the square-pallet chain pump by the 1st century CE, powered by a waterwheel or oxen pulling an on a system of mechanical wheels. Although the chain pump found use in public works of providing water for urban and palatial pipe systems, it was used largely to lift water from a lower to higher elevation in filling irrigation canals and channels for farmland.
Roman Empire.
In classical antiquity, Roman agriculture built from techniques pioneered by the Sumerians, transmitted to them by subsequent cultures, with a specific emphasis on the cultivation of crops for trade and export. Romans laid the groundwork for the manorial economic system, involving serfdom, which flourished in the Middle Ages. The farm sizes in Rome can be divided into three categories. Small farms were from 18-88 iugera (one iugerum is equal to about 0.65 acre). Medium-sized farms were from 80-500 iugera (singular iugerum). Large estates (called latifundia) were over 500 iugera.
The Romans had four systems of farm management: direct work by owner and his family; slaves doing work under supervision of slave managers; tenant farming or sharecropping in which the owner and a tenant divide up a farm’s produce; and situations in which a farm was leased to a tenant. There was a great deal of commerce between the provinces of the empire, all the regions of the empire became interdependent with one another, some provinces specialized in the production of grain, others in wine and others in olive oil, depending on the soil type.
Mesoamerica.
In Mesoamerica, wild teosinte was transformed through human selection into the ancestor of modern maize, more than 6,000 years ago. It gradually spread across North America and was the major crop of Native Americans at the time of European exploration. Other Mesoamerican crops include hundreds of varieties of squash and beans. Cocoa was also a major crop in domesticated Mexico and Central America. The turkey, one of the most important meat birds, was probably domesticated in Mexico or the U.S. Southwest.
In Mesoamerica, the Aztecs were active farmers and had an agriculturally focused economy. The land around Lake Texcoco was fertile, but not large enough to produce the amount of food needed for the population of their expanding empire. The Aztecs developed irrigation systems, formed terraced hillsides, and fertilized their soil. However, their greatest agricultural technique was the chinampas, or artificial islands, also known as "floating gardens". These were used to make the swampy areas around the lake suitable for farming. To make chinampas, canals were dug through the marshy islands and shores, then mud was heaped on huge mats made of woven reeds. The mats were anchored by tying them to posts driven into the lake bed and then planting trees at their corners that took root and secured the artificial islands permanently. The Aztecs grew corn, squash, vegetables, and flowers on chinampas.
South America.
In the Andes region of South America the major domesticated crop was potatoes, domesticated perhaps 5,000 years ago. Large varieties of beans were domesticated, in South America, as well as animals, including llamas, alpacas, and guinea pigs. Coca, still a major crop, was also domesticated in the Andes.
The Andean civilizations were predominantly agricultural societies; the Incas took advantage of the ground, conquering the adversities like the Andean area and the inclemencies of the weather. The adaptation of agricultural technologies that already were used previously, allowed the Incas to organize the production a diversity of products of the coast, mountain and jungle, so them could be able to redistribute to villages that did not have access to other regions. The technological achievements reached to agricultural level, had not been possible without the workforce that was at the disposal of the Sapa Inca, as well as the road system that was allowing to store adequately the harvested resources and to distribute them for all the territory.
North America.
The indigenous people of the Eastern U.S. appear to have domesticated numerous crops. Sunflowers, tobacco, varieties of squash and Chenopodium, as well as crops no longer grown, including marshelder and little barley, were domesticated. Other wild foods may have undergone some selective cultivation, including wild rice and maple sugar. The most common varieties of strawberry were domesticated from Eastern North America. Two major crops, pecans and Concord grapes, were utilized extensively in prehistoric times but do not appear to have been domesticated until the 19th century.
The natives in what is now California and the Pacific Northwest practiced various forms of forest gardening and fire-stick farming in the forests, grasslands, mixed woodlands, and wetlands, ensuring that desired food and medicine plants continued to be available. The natives controlled fire on a regional scale to create a low-intensity fire ecology which prevented larger, catastrophic fires and sustained a low-density agriculture in loose rotation; a sort of "wild" permaculture.
Australia.
From the time British colonization of Australia began in 1788, Indigenous Australians were characterised as being nomadic hunter-gatherers who did not engage in agriculture or other forms of food production, despite some evidence to the contrary. Rhys Jones, however, proposed in 1969 that Indigenous Australians engaged in systematic burning as a way of enhancing natural productivity, what has been termed fire-stick farming. In the 1970s and 1980s archaeological research in south west Victoria established that the Gunditjmara and other groups had developed sophisticated eel farming and fish trapping systems over a period of nearly 5,000 years. Professor Harry Lourandos suggested in the 1980s that there was evidence of 'intensification' in progress across Australia, a process that appeared to have in progress over the preceding 5,000 years. These concepts have led Bill Gammage to argue that in effect the whole continent was a managed landscape.
It is now being argued that in two regions of Australia, the central west coast and eastern central Australia, forms of early agriculture were being practiced, whereby plants were being sown or planted on a large scale and the yield being stored or preserved in significant amounts. It also appears that the people in these regions were living in permanent settlements of significant size (over 200 residents, possibly up to 1,000), in dwellings large enough to house 10 or more people, and they exhibited high degrees of sedentism. The Nhanda and Amangu of the central west coast grew yams ("Dioscorea hastifolia"), while various groups in eastern central Australia (the Corners Region) planted and harvested bush onions ("yaua" - "Cyperus bulbosus"), native millet ("cooly, tindil" - "Panicum decompositum") and a sporocarp, "ngardu" ("Marsillea drumondii").
Middle Ages and early modern period.
Population continued to increase along with land use. From 100 BC to 1600 AD, methane emissions rose an average of 31 million tons per year. This average annual rise is almost as high as the United States produced annually in 2012. Methane gas was produced primarily by domesticating animals and the growing of rice.
Arab world.
From the 8th century, the medieval Islamic world underwent a transformation in agricultural practice which has been described by some as the "Arab Agricultural Revolution". This transformation was driven by a number of factors including the diffusion of many crops and plants along Muslim trade routes, the spread of more advanced farming techniques, and an agricultural-economic system which promoted increased yields and efficiency. The shift in agricultural practice led to significant changes in economy, population distribution, vegetation cover, agricultural production, population levels, urban growth, the distribution of the labour force, cooking and diet, clothing, and numerous other aspects of life in the Islamic world.
Muslim traders covered an expansive area of the Old World, and these trade routes enabled the diffusion of many crops, plants and farming techniques across the Islamic world, as well as the adaptation of crops, plants and techniques from beyond the Islamic world. Historian Andrew Watson has argued that this diffusion introduced a number of crops of major importance to Europe by way of Al-Andalus, along with the techniques for their cultivation. Important crops involved in this transfer included sugar cane, rice, and cotton. A number of additional fruit trees, nut trees, and vegetables were also transferred.
Agricultural technologies that were widely adopted during this period included intensive irrigation systems, crop rotation systems, and use of agricultural manuals. A sophisticated system of irrigation made use of norias, water mills, water raising machines, dams and reservoirs. Some irrigation infrastructure and technology was continued from Roman times, and some introduced by Muslims.
Europe.
The Middle Ages saw significant improvements in the agricultural techniques and technology. During this time period, monasteries spread throughout Europe and became important centers for the collection of knowledge related to agriculture and forestry. The manorial system, which existed under different names throughout Europe and Asia, allowed large landowners significant control over both their land and its laborers, in the form of peasants or serfs. During the medieval period, the Arab world was critical in the exchange of crops and technology between the European, Asia and African continents. Besides transporting numerous crops, they introduced the concept of summer irrigation to Europe and developed the beginnings of the plantation system of sugarcane growing through the use of slaves for intensive cultivation. Population continued to increase along with land use. From 100 BC to 1600 AD, methane emissions rose an average of 31 million tons per year. This average annual rise is almost as high as the United States produced annually in 2012. Methane gas was produced primarily by domesticating animals and growing rice.
By 900 AD in Europe, developments in iron smelting allowed for increased production, leading to developments in the production of agricultural implements such as ploughs, hand tools and horse shoes. The plough was significantly improved, developing into the mouldboard plough, capable of turning over the heavy, wet soils of northern Europe. This led to the clearing of forests in that area and a significant increase in agricultural production, which in turn led to an increase in population. A similar plough, which may have developed independently, was also found in China as early as the 9th century. At the same time, farmers in Europe moved from a two field crop rotation to a three field crop rotation in which one field of three was left fallow every year. This resulted in increased productivity and nutrition, as the change in rotations led to different crops being planted, including legumes such as peas, lentils and beans. Inventions such as improved horse harnesses and the whippletree also changed methods of cultivation. Watermills were initially developed by the Romans, but were improved throughout the Middle Ages, along with windmills, and used to grind grains into flour, cut wood and process flax and wool, among other uses.
Crops included wheat, rye, barley and oats. Peas, beans, and vetches became common from the 13th century onward as a fodder crop for animals and also for their nitrogen-fixation fertilizing properties. Crop yields peaked in the 13th century, and stayed more or less steady until the 18th century. Though the limitations of medieval farming were once thought to have provided a ceiling for the population growth in the Middle Ages, recent studies have shown that the technology of medieval agriculture was always sufficient for the needs of the people under normal circumstances, and that it was only during exceptionally harsh times, such as the terrible weather of 1315–17, that the needs of the population could not be met.
Columbian exchange.
After 1492, a global exchange of previously local crops and livestock breeds occurred. Key crops involved in this exchange included maize, potatoes, sweet potatoes and manioc traveling from the New World to the Old, and several varieties of wheat, barley, rice and turnips going from the Old World to the New. There were very few livestock species in the New World, with horses, cattle, sheep and goats being completely unknown before their arrival with Old World settlers. Crops moving in both directions across the Atlantic Ocean caused population growth around the world, and had a lasting effect on many cultures. Since being introduced by Portuguese in the 16th century, maize and manioc have replaced traditional African crops as the continent's most important staple food crops.
After its introduction from South America to Spain in the late 1500s, the potato became an important staple crop throughout Europe by the late 1700s. The potato allowed farmers to produce more food, and initially added variety to the European diet. The nutrition boost caused by increased potato consumption resulted in lower disease rates, higher birth rates and lower mortality rates, causing a population boom throughout the British Empire, the US and Europe. The introduction of the potato also brought about the first intensive use of fertilizer, in the form of guano imported to Europe from Peru, and the first artificial pesticide, in the form of an arsenic compound used to fight Colorado potato beetles. Before the adoption of the potato as a major crop, the dependence on grain caused repetitive regional and national famines when the crops failed: 17 major famines in England alone between 1523 and 1623. Although initially almost eliminating the danger of famine, the resulting dependence on the potato eventually caused the European Potato Failure, a disastrous crop failure from disease resulting in widespread famine, and the death of over one million people in Ireland alone.
Modern agriculture.
British agricultural revolution.
Use of primitive agricultural techniques was the historical standard. The vast majority of the world population engaged in subsistence agriculture and yields remained low. Between the 16th century and the mid-19th century, Great Britain saw a massive increase in agricultural productivity and net output. New agricultural practices like enclosure, mechanization, four-field crop rotation and selective breeding enabled an unprecedented population growth, freeing up a significant percentage of the workforce, and thereby helped drive the Industrial Revolution. By the early 19th century, agricultural practices, particularly careful selection of hardy strains and cultivars, had so improved that yield per land unit was many times that seen in the Middle Ages and before. It is estimated that the productivity of wheat went up from about 19 bushels per acre in 1720 to 21–22 bushels by the middle of the century and finally stabilised at around 30 bushels by 1840.
The Agricultural Revolution was a major turning point in history. The population of England in 1750 reached the level of 5.7 million, just as it had done in the past in around 1350 and again in 1650. This time, instead of a Malthusian catastrophe occurring from plague or famine, the population growth remained sustained.
One of the keys to the British Agricultural Revolution was the development of ways of keeping and improving the arable land in Great Britain to counteract the loss of the soil's plant nutrients in cropping a given area. Higher yielding land was added to higher yielding crops with more yield/acre. Farm workers using more productive tools and machinery produced more crops with fewer workers. The Agricultural Revolution picked up speed as the Industrial Revolution and the advances in chemistry produced the scientific knowledge, wealth and technology for a more systematic development of commercial fertilizers and new and more productive agricultural machinery.
Advice on more productive techniques for farming began to appear in England in the mid-17th century, from writers such as Samuel Hartlib, Walter Blith and others. The main problem in sustaining agriculture in one place for a long time was the depletion of nutrients, most importantly nitrogen levels, in the soil. To allow the soil to regenerate, productive land was often let fallow and in some places crop rotation was used. A four-field rotation was popularised by the British agriculturist Charles Townshend in the 18th century. The system (wheat, turnips, barley and clover), opened up a fodder crop and grazing crop allowing livestock to be bred year-round. The use of turnip was especially important as the legume roots were an important source of nutrients for the soil.
Another catalyst for improvement came from the Enclosure movement. Prior to the 18th century, agriculture across Europe used the feudal open field system with subsistence farmers cropping strips of land in fields held in common and splitting up the produce; this was very inefficient and reduced incentive to improve the productivity. Many farms began to be enclosed by Yeomen who improved the use of their land. This process accelerated in the 15th and 16th centuries with special acts of Parliament to expedite the legal process. This culminated in the General Enclosure Act of 1801, which sanctioned large-scale land reform.
The mechanisation and rationalisation of agriculture was another important factor. Robert Bakewell and Thomas Coke introduced selective breeding, and initiated a process of inbreeding to maximise desirable traits from the mid 18th century, such as the New Leicester sheep.
Machines were invented to improve the efficiency of various agricultural operation, such as Jethro Tull's seed drill of 1701 that mechanised seeding at the correct depth and spacing and Andrew Meikle's threshing machine of 1784. Ploughs were steadily improved, from Joseph Foljambe's Rotherham iron plough in 1730 to James Small's improved "Scots Plough" metal in 1763. In 1789 Ransomes, Sims & Jefferies was producing 86 plough models for different soils. Traction machines also began to replace horsepower on the farms in the 19th century.
The scientific investigation of fertilization began at the Rothamsted Experimental Station in 1843 by John Bennet Lawes. He investigated the impact of inorganic and organic fertilizers on crop yield and founded one of the first artificial fertilizer manufacturing factories in 1842. Fertilizer, in the shape of sodium nitrate deposits in Chile, was imported to Britain by John Thomas North as well as guano (birds droppings). The first commercial process for fertilizer production was the obtaining of "phosphate" from the dissolution of coprolites in sulphuric acid.
The repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 that removed tariffs on food imports, and the development of steamships and railways, which revolutionised the transportation of food, allowed a truly global market for food to emerge. This reduced volatility in food prices as scarcity in one area could be offset by cheap imports from another area.
The work of Charles Darwin and Gregor Mendel created the scientific foundation for plant breeding that led to its explosive impact over the past 150 years. Firms, such as Gartons Agricultural Plant Breeders began to market hybrid crops in the 1890s.
20th century.
Dan Albone constructed the first commercially successful gasoline-powered general purpose tractor in 1901, and the 1923 International Harvester Farmall tractor marked a major point in the replacement of draft animals (particularly horses) with machines. Since that time, self-propelled mechanical harvesters (combines), planters, transplanters and other equipment have been developed, further revolutionizing agriculture. These inventions allowed farming tasks to be done with a speed and on a scale previously impossible, leading modern farms to output much greater volumes of high-quality produce per land unit.
The Haber-Bosch method for synthesizing ammonium nitrate represented a major breakthrough and allowed crop yields to overcome previous constraints. It was first patented by German chemist Fritz Haber. In 1910 Carl Bosch, while working for German chemical company BASF, successfully commercialized the process and secured further patents. In the years after World War II, the use of synthetic fertilizer increased rapidly, in sync with the increasing world population.
In the past century agriculture has been characterized by increased productivity, the substitution of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides for labor, water pollution, and farm subsidies. In recent years there has been a backlash against the external environmental effects of conventional agriculture, resulting in the organic movement. Famines continued to sweep the globe through the 20th century. Through the effects of climactic events, government policy, war and crop failure, millions of people died in each of at least ten famines between the 1920s and the 1990s.
Other applications of scientific research since 1950 in agriculture include gene manipulation, Hydroponics, and the development of economically viable biofuels such as Ethanol.
Green Revolution.
The Green Revolution refers to a series of research, development, and technology transfer initiatives, occurring between the 1940s and the late 1970s, that increased agriculture production around the world, beginning most markedly in the late 1960s. The initiatives, led by Norman Borlaug, the "Father of the Green Revolution" credited with saving over a billion people from starvation, involved the development of high-yielding varieties of cereal grains, expansion of irrigation infrastructure, modernization of management techniques, distribution of hybridized seeds, synthetic fertilizers, and pesticides to farmers.
Synthetic nitrogen, along with mined rock phosphate, pesticides and mechanization, have greatly increased crop yields in the early 20th century. Increased supply of grains has led to cheaper livestock as well. Further, global yield increases were experienced later in the 20th century when high-yield varieties of common staple grains such as rice, wheat, and corn were introduced as a part of the Green Revolution. The Green Revolution exported the technologies (including pesticides and synthetic nitrogen) of the developed world to the developing world. Thomas Malthus famously predicted that the Earth would not be able to support its growing population, but technologies such as the Green Revolution have allowed the world to produce a surplus of food.
Although the Green Revolution significantly increased rice yields in Asia, yield increases have not occurred in the past 15–20 years. The genetic "yield potential" has increased for wheat, but the yield potential for rice has not increased since 1966, and the yield potential for maize has "barely increased in 35 years". It takes a decade or two for herbicide-resistant weeds to emerge, and insects become resistant to insecticides within about a decade. Crop rotation helps to prevent resistances.
Organic farming.
Though the intensive farming practices pioneered and extended in recent history generally led to increased outputs, they have also led to the destruction of farmland, most notably in the dust bowl area of the United States following World War I. As global population increased, agriculture continued to replace natural ecosystems with monoculture crops. Activists such as Sir Albert Howard began the organic movement as a reaction to the widely used intensive agriculture practices. In recent years, growing awareness has led to increased interest in such areas of agriculture as organic farming, permaculture, heirloom plants and biodiversity, the growth of the Slow Food movement, and an ongoing discussion surrounding the potential for sustainable agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="2899604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899604" title="Honeydew (melon)">
Honeydew (melon)

Honeydew is a cultivar group of the muskmelon, "Cucumis melo" Inodorus group, which includes crenshaw, casaba, Persian, winter, and other mixed melons.
Characteristics.
A honeydew has a round to slightly oval shape, typically long. It generally ranges in weight from . The flesh is usually pale green in color, while the smooth peel ranges from greenish to yellow. Like most fruit, honeydew has seeds. Honeydew's thick, juicy, sweet flesh is often eaten for dessert, and is commonly found in supermarkets across the world. This fruit grows best in semiarid climates and is harvested based on maturity, not size. Maturity can be hard to judge, but is based upon ground color ranging from greenish white (immature) to creamy yellow (mature). Quality is also determined by the honeydew having a nearly spherical shape with a surface free of scars or defects. Also, a honeydew should feel heavy for its size and have a waxy (not fuzzy) surface.
In California, the honeydew is in season from August until October.
Origin and alternate names.
"Honeydew" is in fact the American name for the White Antibes cultivar which has been grown for many years in southern France and Algeria. 
In China, honeydews are known as the Bailan melon; they are a locally famous product near Lanzhou, the capital city of Gansu province in China's northwest. 
According to Chinese sources, the melons were introduced to China by a Mr. Wallace, who donated melon seeds to the locals while visiting in the 1940s (probably 1944). Henry A. Wallace, Vice President of the United States under Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and the former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture, had founded a major seed company (Pioneer Hi-Bred) and otherwise had a general background and interest in agricultural pursuits. As a result, in China the melon is sometimes called the "Wallace" (Chinese: 华莱士; pinyin: "Hualaishi").

</doc>
<doc id="2899605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899605" title="Volume table of contents">
Volume table of contents

In the IBM mainframe storage architecture, Volume Table Of Contents, or VTOC, is a data structure that provides a way of locating the data sets that reside on a particular disk volume. It can reside within the first 64K tracks on the volume, and lists the names of each data set on the volume as well as size, location, and permissions. Additionally, it contains an entry for every area of contiguous free space on the volume. The third record on the first track of the first cylinder of any volume of DASD (i.e. disk pack) is known as the volume label and must contain a pointer to the location of the VTOC. A VTOC is added to a disk when it is initialized using the Device Support Facilities utility program, ICKDSF. VTOC was originally designed for removable disk packs.
To locate a data set, a program will generally interrogate a z/OS catalog to find the volume where the data set resides. Having found the correct volume, the VTOC is searched to find out where on the disk the data set is stored.
The VTOC comprises records known as Data Set Control Blocks, or DSCBs. There are ten types of DSCB.
The first DSCB in the VTOC is always a format 4 DSCB which describes the VTOC itself and attributes of the disk volume on which this VTOC resides. The second DSCB is always a format 5 DSCB which describes free space within the VTOC. Normally, the rest of the VTOC will contain format 0 DSCBs, which are empty entries, and format 1 or format 3 DSCBs, which describe the "extents" of data sets, giving their start address and end address of up to 16 such "extents" on disk. The initial part of a data set is described by a format 1 DSCB. If necessary, format 3 DSCBs are used to describe further "extents" of the data set. When a data set is deleted, its format 1 DSCB is overwritten to become a format 0 DSCB, and the format 3 DSCB, if one exists, is similarly deleted.
Originally, a VTOC search was a sequential scan of the DSCBs, stopping when the correct format 1 DSCB was found or the end of the VTOC was reached. As disk volumes became larger, VTOC search became a bottleneck and so a VTOC index was added.

</doc>
<doc id="2899610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899610" title="Green lending">
Green lending

Green lending refers to a lending dependent on environmental criteria for the planned use of funds.
Recently major banks such as Wells Fargo (July 2005, $1bn over 5 years) and Bank of America (March 2007, $20 bn) have dedicated financing toward green entrepreneurship. This usually means financing the building of environmentally sustainable or friendly buildings or enterprises. Banks appear to have taken the helm in instituting this social/financial change as opposed to borrowers.

</doc>
<doc id="2899611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899611" title="A Conversation with Norman">
A Conversation with Norman

A Conversation with Norman, produced and directed by Jonathan M. Parisen, is a Horror film homage to Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho".
It took six years on and off for the filmmaker to get the film made due to problems with sets and casting. It premiered at Anthology Film Archives in New York City on June 13, 2005 just three days before the forty-fifth anniversary of the New York premiere of "Psycho".
Parisen announced on premiere night that the film would play that night and never be shown again. Parisen promised that the film would never make it to VHS or DVD and would never be shown on television. He said he was doing this to make the premiere night more of an event for the viewing audience. To date Parisen has kept that promise.
Cast.
The film stars Christopher Englese as Norman, Grace Orosz as Marion, radio talk show host Bob Marrone as Doctor Richmond and Tom Loggins as Sam.

</doc>
<doc id="2899617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899617" title="Yehudit Ravitz">
Yehudit Ravitz

Yehudit Ravitz (; born December 29, 1956) is an Israeli singer-songwriter, composer and music producer. She is one of the most successful and famous Israeli rock musicians, with a career spanning over thirty years. As of 2012, she has released 12 solo albums.
Music career.
Ravitz was born in Beersheba. She was accepted to the Combat Engineering Corps military band by Ehud Manor. While serving in the army, she joined the Israeli rock group "Sheshet". 
She performed the song "Forgiveness", a composition to the song of the Israeli poet Leah Goldberg, at the 1977 pre-Eurovision contest. Ravitz finished 6th place at the festival, but the song became "Song of The Year" in 1977. As a result of her success, she left Sheshet and began a solo career. That same year, she participated in "A Beautiful Tropical Country", a tribute concert for Brazilian music, produced by Matti Caspi. In 1978, she joined Gidi Gov, Yoni Rechter and David Broza to record 'The 16th sheep', (written by Yehonatan Geffen). This album of children's music has enjoyed enduring popularity in Israel since. 
In 1987, Ravitz released the very successful rock album "Coming from Love". She produced Corinne Allal's 1989 album 'Antarctica', which also enjoyed widespread success in Israel. In 1992, she co-produced Israeli contratenor David D'Or's hit song "Yad Anuga" ("Gentle Hand", or "Tender Hand"), which was released as a 12-inch single by Big Beat Records, and reached # 3 in the most frequently played charts in Great Britain.
In 1994, Ravitz participated in the Jazz concert 'Jazz film and videotape', with Jazz remakes of some of her songs. In 1995, she collaborated with Esther Ofarim on a live performance, later released on DVD, including a duet of "Cinderella Rockafella". In 1997, she released the album 'What kind of girl'.
On July 3, 2008, Ravitz performed her first Caesarea Amphitheatre show in a decade to a sold-out crowd, after participating as a 'model musician' in the Israeli reality television show 'kohav nolad'. Due to high demand, additional shows were added, with tickets selling out within days. Her most recent album, 'Songs from home' was released in 2010. The album is a tribute for classic Israeli songs.
Personal life.
Ravitz is openly lesbian and has two children with her partner, Naomi Kaniuk, daughter of the author Yoram Kaniuk.

</doc>
<doc id="2899620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899620" title="Adharma">
Adharma

Adharma is the Sanskrit antonym of Dharma. It means 'that which is not in accord with the law' - referring to both the human written law and the divinely given law of nature. Connotations include unnaturalness, wrongness, evil, immorality, wickedness, or vice.
Adharma also refers to a state of the universe in imbalance or in an unwell and unnatural state.

</doc>
<doc id="2899627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899627" title="Great Japan Youth Party">
Great Japan Youth Party

The , later known as the , It was active from 1937 until its dissolution in 1945.
History.
The "Dai-Nippon Seinento" was a youth organization founded by ultranationalist activist Colonel Kingoro Hashimoto on October 17, 1937, following Hashimoto's temporary forced retirement from military service due to his involvement in the failed February 26 attempted coup d'etat against the government. 
Hashimoto modeled the organization after the Hitler Youth of Nazi Germany, even to the extent of using a light brown color for member’s uniforms, and the adoption of a red banner with a white circle in the center as the party banner. The first party rally was held on the grounds of Meiji Shrine in downtown Tokyo, with approximately 600 members. 
The stated aim of the party was to teach Japanese youth basic survival skills, first aid, life skills, cultural lessons, traditions and basic weapons training. However, Hashimoto's primary intent was to create an idealistic young cadre of supporters for the Imperial Way Faction and its nationalist and militarist doctrines.
During the third party rally, held in Hibiya Park, Tokyo with some 2000 members in November 1939, Hashimoto expressed his support for the upcoming Tripartite Alliance with Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, and for a one-party system of government in Japan. He also set the ambitious goal of growing party membership to 100,000 members by the end of 1940. 
However, with increased military conscription due to the Second Sino-Japanese War and subsequently with the Pacific War, most of his target age group was being drafted into the Japanese military, and the party fell far short of its goals. Although not specifically a “political party” per se, the Great Japan Youth Party fell under the overall aegis of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association organized by Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe from October 1940. 
Unable to achieve his goals in Japan, and sidelined by actions of the government, Hashimoto returned to Manchukuo in late 1940, where he attempted to create another local youth organization similar to the Great Japan Youth Party among the Japanese settler population, with an equal lack of success.
By the end of World War II, the Great Japan Youth Party had devolved into little more than a defunct youth wing of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association, and was dissolved along with that organization by order of the American occupation authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="2899628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899628" title="Americans for Technology Leadership">
Americans for Technology Leadership

Americans for Technology Leadership is a coalition of technology professionals, companies and organizations that advocates limited government regulation of technology. It has been described as a Microsoft front organization and has been cited as an example of astroturfing.
In 2001, the Los Angeles Times reported that hundreds of similar letters were sent to newspapers voicing disagreement with the United States Department of Justice and its antitrust suit against Microsoft. The letters, prepared by Americans for Technology Leadership, had in some cases been mailed from deceased citizens or nonexistent addresses.
The founding members of the coalition are:

</doc>
<doc id="2899633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899633" title="Draconian Times">
Draconian Times

Draconian Times is the fifth album released by British metal act Paradise Lost. Two tracks from the album, "The Last Time" and "Forever Failure," were released as singles and have music videos. This album was played in its entirety on the band's live album Draconian Times MMXI. The song "How Soon Is Now?" is also on "One Second". This album was released with "Shades of God" & "Icon" in a boxed set called Original Album Classics. A song called "Another Desire", was written during this album's recording, but it was not released on this album nor the reissues. Instead, it was only released on the "Forever Failure" single. This is the only Paradise Lost album where members of the band other than MacKintosh & Holmes have received some writing credits.
Track listing.
All tracks by Nick Holmes, Gregor MacKintosh except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="2899638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899638" title="Eudemus (general)">
Eudemus (general)

Eudemus (; died 316 BC) was one of Alexander the Great's generals, who was appointed by him to the command of the troops left in India, after the murder of the Alexander-appointed satrap Philip (son of Machatas) by his own mercenary troops in 326 BCE:
After Alexander's death (323 BC) he made himself master of the territories of the Indian king Porus, and treacherously put that monarch to death. He by this means became very powerful, and in 317 BC brought to the support of Eumenes in the war against Antigonus a force of 3500 men and 125 elephants.:
With these he rendered him active service in the first battle of Gabiene, although his troops suffered considerably from an attack by Antigonus:
The general of Eudemus's Indian troops, called Ceteus, died in the action.
It seems nevertheless that Eudamus was jealous of Eumenes, and joined in the conspiracy of Antigenes and Teutamus against him, though he was afterwards induced to divulge their plans. After the surrender of Eumenes, Eudemus was put to death by order of Antigonus, to whom he had always shewn a marked hostility.:

</doc>
<doc id="2899640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899640" title="2006 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA play-off)">
2006 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA play-off)

The 2006 FIFA World Cup European Qualification Playoffs were a set of home-and-away playoffs to decide the final three places granted to national football teams from European nations (more precisely, UEFA members) for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
By the rules of the UEFA qualifying tournament, the first-place finishers in each of eight groups received automatic berths, along with the two second-place teams that had earned the most points against teams in the top six of their individual groups.
The six remaining second-place teams were divided into two pots based on their standings in the September 2005 FIFA World Rankings. The division was:
A draw was held on 14 October 2005 at FIFA headquarters in Zürich to pair each team from Pot 1 with a team from Pot 2. A second draw at the same time and location determined the order of the fixtures.
The playoffs were decided by the standard FIFA method of aggregate score, with away goals and, if necessary, extra time with the possibility of a penalty shootout at the end of the second leg. The winner of each playoff was awarded a place in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Second leg.
"Spain won 6–2 on aggregate."
"Switzerland 4–4 Turkey. Switzerland won on away goals."
"Czech Republic won 2–0 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="2899641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899641" title="Bear Creek (New Jersey)">
Bear Creek (New Jersey)

Bear Creek is a tributary of the Pequest River in New Jersey in the United States.
Crossings.
These crossings exist from north to south:

</doc>
<doc id="2899643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899643" title="Hole in One (pricing game)">
Hole in One (pricing game)

Hole in One is a pricing game on the American television game show "The Price Is Right". Debuting on May 9, 1977, it is played for a car and a potential $500 cash bonus, and uses grocery items.
Game play.
The game involves putting on a miniature golf-style hole which consists of a long straightaway ending in a circular area contained by a short rail. The hole is in the center of this area, and is larger than a standard golf hole. The straightaway has six evenly spaced lines, the last of which is where the straightaway meets the circular area. The lines represent the possible distances from which the contestant will have to putt for the car.
Six grocery items are used to determine from which line the contestant will putt. The contestant is asked to order the items from least to most expensive, with flags representing the items being placed in the given order at each line on the straightaway, starting with the one farthest from the hole. The prices are then revealed in the order the flags were placed. As long as each item is higher-priced than the previous item, the contestant moves up to that line. Otherwise, the contestant does not advance and the remaining flags are removed. If the contestant orders the grocery items perfectly, they win $500 ($1,000 on the prime time specials) and putt from the line next to the hole.
The contestant then has two attempts to putt a ball into the hole from the line they have earned to win the car. As in miniature golf, a putt counts if the ball lands in the hole after bouncing off of the rail. If the contestant fails to putt the ball into the hole on their first attempt, the ball is placed on the same line again and the contestant receives a second putt. If they miss the second putt, the game ends.
Inspiration Putt.
Originated by Bob Barker, one of the game's best-known features is the "inspiration putt," in which the host demonstrates for the contestant by putting from the farthest line. At various times the putt has also been done by other members of the production staff, models or other special guests, especially since Season 37 if a TaylorMade golf professional is modeling golf clubs earlier in the show or has a Showcase in that episode.
History.
The game was created by former producer Jay Wolpert. 
The game's original rules only gave the contestant one putt. When the two putt rule was introduced in 1986, a new prop was created, allowing the host to push a button that changed the "One" in "Hole in One" to "Or Two."
Because of the original difficulty, cars offered in the game were more expensive than those generally offered in other games. Cars were usually valued no less than $6,000 in the game's early days and no less than $10,000 beginning in 1981. Beginning in late 1986, cars with prices similar to other games replaced the higher-priced vehicles.
During the 1986 prime time specials, the current format with two putts was introduced. It was instituted permanently early in the 1986-1987 season. 
On 1994's syndicated "The New Price Is Right", Hole in One used small prizes instead of groceries during the pricing segment. The prices were also revealed immediately after the contestant chose each item, rather than revealing them all at the end.
Since 2009, a TaylorMade golf professional is often used for the Inspiration Putt when possible; owing to host Drew Carey's soccer partnership and kit supplier adidas, the sporting goods manufacturer's clubs and ball are used in the game. Furthermore, the golf bag changed to a leather TaylorMade golf bag, being the only pricing game where branding of the supplier is used.

</doc>
<doc id="2899646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899646" title="List of BIEM members">
List of BIEM members

This is a list of BIEM member organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="2899650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899650" title="Neddie Seagoon">
Neddie Seagoon

Neddie Seagoon was a character in the 1950s British radio comedy show, "The Goon Show". He was created and performed by Welsh comedian Harry Secombe. 
Seagoon was usually the central character of a Goon Show episode, with Spike Milligan and Peter Sellers' many characters interacting with him and each other. 
Neddie Seagoon was an affable but gullible idiot. Often chronically poor and/or part of the government (such as "The Strolling Prime Minister of No Fixed Address" or some other civil servant), Seagoon frequently falls prey to the schemes of Hercules Grytpype-Thynne (Sellers) and Count Jim Moriarty (Milligan), and needs the help of Bluebottle (Sellers), Eccles (Milligan), and sometimes even Major Bloodnok (Sellers) to rescue himself.
Neddie's appearance was based on Secombe's own likeness, exaggerated for comic effect. Thus, he was often described as very short, round and immensely fat. In "The Greenslade Story", John Snagge describes him as "a little ball of fat", while in "The Mummified Priest" Bloodnok identifies him as Seagoon on the grounds "Who else could walk under a piano stool?" He also suffers from duck's disease (short legs). He shares Secombe's tenor voice, as used to identify him in "The Mystery of the Fake Neddie Seagoons". He was also generally Welsh; in "Tales of Men's Shirts" and "The Last of the Smoking Seagoons" he is referred to as Ned of Wales, and in "The Pam's Paper Insurance Policy", Greenslade introduces him with the line "a bundle of Welsh rags suddenly becomes animate."
His fatness is a particular subject of gags. In "Dishonoured" and "Dishonoured – Again", he gives his body mass as either 17 or 18 stone (in metric, 108–114 kg or about 238–252 lbs.) and his head mass at 20 stone (127 kg or 280 lbs.), totalling either 235 or 241 kg (518 or 531 lbs.), depending upon episode. Once, upon visiting Henry Crun's house in "Tales of Men's Shirts", Crun remarks "Did you know they've sent a rocket to photograph the other side of you?" In the episode "Nineteen Eighty Five" (a parody of "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell) he says, "Over the weeks that they tortured me my weight dropped by ten stone, I went down to a mere twenty stone." In "Robin Hood", Prince John (Dennis Price) and The Sheriff of Nottingham (Valentine Dyall) discuss their adversary:
He also appears to have been Major Bloodnok's batman at some point of time. In "The Pam's Paper Insurance Policy", we learn that he once loaned Bloodnok 100 pounds, which Bloodnok was willing to forget all about. 
Neddie was usually the one who greeted the audience at the beginning of the show, referring to them as "folks" or "Dear Listeners", and introducing that week's story. He would often step out of the frame of the story, explaining elements of the plot to the audience or narrating some of the plot, and would usually converse with Wallace Greenslade ("The Goon Show"'s announcer); for instance:
The Seagoon character would sometimes have a different name depending on the setting of the plot; for instance:
Seagoon had several catch-phrases, seemingly random gibberish that became his trademarks, such as "Ying tong yiddle I po!” (followed by a shout of "“GOOD!”" by someone else) and "Needle-nardle-noo". He would also express intense surprise by repeating the word "What?!" rapidly and in rising pitch, as "Whatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhatwhat?" (in "The Moon Show", Grytpype replies to this by saying, "Only ten whats as in the unit of power used to rate electric lamps; you're not very bright, are you?"), and would do likewise with the word "Yes?" as "Yesyesyesyesyesyes?", generally motivating Grytpype-Thynne to request "Please. Don't do that." Seagoon also occasionally spouts patriotical nonsense, at which Grytpype says, "You silly twisted boy, you.” Often, at the end of a bout of the “Whatwhatwhats”, Seagoon would segue into making the sound of a clucking chicken.

</doc>
<doc id="2899651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899651" title="Indian Veterinary Research Institute">
Indian Veterinary Research Institute

Indian Veterinary Research Institute () or IVRI is located at Izzatnagar, Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh state. It is India's premier advanced research facility in the field of veterinary medicine and allied branches. It has regional campuses at Mukteshwar, Bangalore, Palampur, Bhopal, Kolkata and Srinagar. Formerly known as Imperial Bacteriological Laboratory, it was renamed in 1925 as Imperial Veterinary Research Institute. The name of the Institute was changed following independence to Indian Veterinary Research Institute. Administrative control of the Institute is currently under Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi. The Ministry of Education, Govt. of India on the recommendation of University Grants Commission conferred the status of the Deemed to be University on 16 November 1983 under Section 3 of UGC Act (1956).
History.
The Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) at Izatnagar was initially established as the Imperial Bacteriological Laboratory in 1889 for conducting research for the protection of Indian livestock wealth from the dreaded diseases. The foundation stone of the laboratory was laid by the Governor of Bombay on 9 December 1889 in about 2.2. ha of land presented by a philanthropist, Sir Dinshaw Monock ji Petit Bart adjoining the College of Science at Pune. 
Dr. Alfred Lingard, a distinguished medical bacteriologist was appointed in 1891 as in charge of the laboratory. The seriousness and danger of handling the micro-organisms of infectious diseases and pathological materials in the densely populated city of Pune was realised and consequently, the laboratory was shifted in 1893 to an isolated but beautiful site amidst the dense conifer forest of Mukteswar in Kumaon hills of the Himalayas situated at about 1500 m above the mean sea level in United Province. Lingard had studied bacteriology in Germany and was instrumental for the historical visit of three renowned bacteriologists, Drs. Robert Koch, Pfeiffer and Gaffky to Mukteswar in 1897 to advise on methods for the prevention and control of rinderpest. The work for production of the anti-rinderpest serum was started in the same year and the first batch was released in 1899. During 1901 to 1906, the Institute started production of antisera against anthrax, haemorrhagic septicaemia and tetanus, a vaccine against black quarter and a diagnostic against equine glanders. A sub-centre was established at Kargaina near Bareilly for conducting some experiments in the plains. Sir Leonard Rogers, Assistant Bacteriologist, also a medical personnel at Mukteswar was closely associated with Dr. Lingard in research. He made noted contributions at the schools of Tropical Medicine, Calcutta and London and officiated as Director from 1898-1900 and later returned to the Indian Medical Service.
Lt. Col. J.D.E. Holmes, Assistant Bacteriologist since 1904, took over the reins of the institute in 1907. The land available at Kargaina was inadequate for further expansion of the work. On his recommendations, a large size plot of about 306 ha was purchased by the Government of India at Izatnagar adjacent to Rohilkhand Kumaon Railway Headquarters. A post of Physiological Chemist was created during his tenure and Sir Percival Hartley was appointed in 1909, who worked on the fractionation of immune bodies in the rinderpest serum.
After the death of Lt. Col. Holmes, Mr. A.W. Shilston, Assistant Bacteriologist officiated for a short period of 19 months from 20 March 1914. His classical contribution was the use of oxalate as anticoagulant for increasing the collection of serum. During the period a post of Pathologist was created and a medico Dr. G.H.K. MacAlister was appointed on 2 October 1914. Dr. R.V. Norris joined the post of Physiological Chemist. All the three officers joined the British Army. Dr. A.L. Sheather joined the post of Imperial Bacteriologist and the designation of the Head of the Institute was changed to Director. Mr.W. A. Pool and T.M. Timoney, joined the institute on 30 July 1919 and 15 March 1921, respectively as bacteriologists, Dr. Sheather contributed in the study of tuberculosis, Johne's Disease, bovine lymphangitis and reported buffalo malaria for the first time.
Dr. A.L. Sheather was succeeded by Mr. W.A. Pool in the officiating capacity in 1920. During his tennure, work at Izatnagar was activated and small site at Kargaina was auctioned. On 19 November 1921, Dr. J.T. Edwards took over as permanent Director. Dr. Edwards was harbinger of a new era of diversification in veterinary research. During his period, Dr.T.M. Doyle, Veterinary Officer, reported Ranikhet disease of poultry for the first time.
The name of Imperial Bacteriological Laboratory was changed to the Imperial Institute of Veterinary Research in 1925. Some of the contributions of Dr. Edwards and his associates include the fixation of rinderpest virus in rabbit in 1924 and in goat in 1927, studies on piroplasmosis and theileriasis and improvement in treatment methods of Surra. He energised field workers all over the country and at the institute he introduced the procedure of systematic recording of experimental data, thorough post-mortem examination of animals as a routine, preservation and cataloguing of representative pathological specimens of all kinds collected from different parts of the country, enrichment of library facility and indexing and regular circulation of important scientific articles from the current literature of the world. During his time the substation at Izatnagar was developed as a centre of research and for round the year mass production of biologicals. The posts of Assistant Research Officer for Protozoology, Helminthology and Biochemistry were created. Mr. H. Cooper, Pathologist, described details of Ranikhet disease of Poultry. The institute's Director was made independent of the control of Agricultural Advisor in 1929. Dr. Edwards resigned from services on 31 March 1929 on personal grounds.
With the powers of a departmental head delegated by the Government of India, Sir Frank Ware was a worthy replacement of Dr. Edwards. His recommendations received support of Central and Provincial Government. He worked in close association with the state departments and the Imperial Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and research activities at the institute were expanded through several schemes financed by ICAR. His creative vision strengthened by the recommendations of the Royal Commission on Agriculture led to the setting up of well integrated team of experts in different branches of Veterinary Sciences for carrying out basic and fundamental research essential for the development of livestock wealth. At this time a proposal was made by Sir Arthur Olver to start a Central Veterinary College at Izatnagar-Mukteswar which did not materialise.
In 1931, Ware organized research work at Mukteswar in three sections, viz. Pathology, Serology and Protozoology, each headed by a Veterinary Research Officer. On the basis of the recommendations of the Royal Commission on Agriculture, the establishment of the Sections of Animal Nutrition, Poultry Research and Animal Genetics was planned. A decision was taken to designate the new departments at Izatnagar as sections of the institute and their heads as Officers-in-charges. The Imperial Veterinary Serum Institute, Izatnagar thus became Biological Products Section. The mother institute then known as the Imperial Institute of Veterinary Research was renamed as Imperial Veterinary Research Institute in 1936. Major endeavour of Sir Ware was to develop a strong organization in the country to provide new technologies for all round development of livestock wealth and the divisions of Animal Nutrition and Poultry Research were created for carrying out research also on animal production. In 1938, Sir Frank Ware relinquished the office of the Director to take the responsibility of Animal Husbandry Commissioner with the Government of India.
During 1938-39, Mr. J.R. Haddow officiated as the Director of the institute but later on reverted to the post of Deputy Director of the institute after the joining of Dr. F.C. Minett as the Director from September, 1939 till 15 August 1947, when he opted for Pakistan to take the charge of the Animal Husbandry Commissioner of the new country. His major contribution was the establishment of an enduring school of Animal Genetics in 1944 and poultry farming was further expanded by Mr. A.J. MacDonald. During the period of Dr. Minett, new courses of training and Associateship of IVRI by research were started. In the position of Chairman of the ICAR Education Committee, he prepared ground for the teaching of veterinary science in different Indian universities.
Post-independence
At the dawn of independence of the country on 15 August 1947, the institute was renamed as Indian Veterinary Research Institute. Dr. S. Datta took over as the first regular Indian Director. During October, 1954 an intensive rinderpest eradication scheme through mass vaccination programme was launched by the Government of India.
Achievements.
A. Vaccines

</doc>
<doc id="2899652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899652" title="Mony Marc">
Mony Marc

Mony Marc is a Belgian singer.
She was the second singer to represent Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest, in its first year 1956, singing "Le plus beau jour de ma vie" (The most beautiful day of my life) with music by Claude Alix and lyric by David Bee (Fud Leclerc had previously performed "Messieurs les noyés de la Seine" to earn the distinction of being the first Belgian performer at the Contest). She came 2nd.

</doc>
<doc id="2899657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899657" title="Yokusan Sonendan">
Yokusan Sonendan

The was an elite para-military youth branch of the "Imperial Rule Assistance Association" political party of wartime Empire of Japan established in January 1942, and based on the model of the German Sturmabteilung (stormtroopers).
Members received a deep political indoctrination and basic military training. Their responsibilities included forming part of the home guard to assist in matters of civil defense under the direction of official local authorities. They were issued mostly obsolete weapons provided to the organization under orders from their Director-General Kingoro Hashimoto, and were intended to assist local efforts in fire fighting following air raids, distribution of emergency supplies and rendering basic first aid. The most advanced pupils were earmarked for eventual enrollment in the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, or for a future role as elected local politicians within the "Taisei Yokusankai" organization.
In addition to its civil defence and para-military role, the Yokusan Sonendan was also tasked with assisting the local "tonarigumi" organizations and the "Kempeitai" in watching for any signs of subversive ideologies in their local areas and reporting any anti-war or anti-government activities.
In the last stages of World War II, the members receiving additional military training in the use of anti-tank weapons and light machine guns, for conversion into reserve combat units to support Japan's remaining troops against the projected invasion of the Japanese homeland by the Allies. The group suffered heavy combat casualties during the Battle of Okinawa. The Yokusan Sonendan was disbanded on 30 May 1945 and its membership merged into the Volunteer Fighting Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="2899661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899661" title="Pijar">
Pijar

PIJAR (Pusat Informasi dan Jaringan Aksi Reformasi / Information Centre and Action Network for Reform - Pijar also stands for 'flame') was an active player in the Indonesian struggle for democracy in 1998. 
After succeeding with ending President Suharto's authoritarian rule on May 20, 2001, PIJAR's attention shifted towards the possible trial of Suharto and his successor Habibie at the International Court of Justice. Later, though already fading in its glory, PIJAR fought for the independence of Timor Leste, which finally gained independence in 2002.
In its pre-Suharto years, PIJAR organized most of its activities through email communication in order to escape possible prosecution.
Current activities of PIJAR are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2899662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899662" title="Christabel (poem)">
Christabel (poem)

Christabel is a long narrative poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, in two parts. The first part was reputedly written in 1797, and the second in 1800. Coleridge planned three additional parts, but these were never completed. Coleridge prepared for the first two parts to be published in the 1800 edition of "Lyrical Ballads", but on the advice of William Wordsworth it was left out; the exclusion of the poem, coupled with his inability to finish it, left Coleridge in doubt about his poetical power. It was published in a pamphlet in 1816, alongside "Kubla Khan" and "The Pains of Sleep".
Coleridge aimed to write "Christabel" using an accentual metrical system, based on the count of only accents: even though the number of syllables in each verse can vary from four to twelve, the number of accents per line never deviates from four.
Synopsis.
The story of "Christabel" concerns a central female character of the same name and her encounter with a stranger called Geraldine, who claims to have been abducted from her home by a band of rough men.
Christabel goes into the woods to pray to the large oak tree, where she hears a strange noise. Upon looking behind the tree, she finds Geraldine who says that she had been abducted from her home by men on horseback. Christabel pities her and takes her home with her; supernatural signs (a dog barking, a mysterious flame on a dead fire) seem to indicate that all is not well. They spend the night together, but while Geraldine undresses, she shows a terrible but undefined mark: "Behold! her bosom and half her side— / A sight to dream of, not to tell! / And she is to sleep by Christabel" (246–48). Her father, Sir Leoline, becomes enchanted with Geraldine, ordering a grand procession to announce her rescue. The unfinished poem ends here.
Composition and publication history.
It is unclear when Coleridge began writing the poem which would become "Christabel". Presumably, he prepared it beginning in 1795. During this time, he had been working on several poems for "Lyrical Ballads", a book on which he collaborated with William Wordsworth. "Christabel" was not complete in time for the book's 1798 publication, though it did include "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner". The first part of the poem was likely completed that year, however. He continued to work on Part II of the poem for the next three years. A year later, he added a "Conclusion". The poem is, nevertheless, considered unfinished. He later noted that he was distracted by too many possible endings. He wrote, "I should have more nearly realized my ideal they been finished, than I would have done in my first attempt."
The poem remained unpublished for several years. On his birthday in 1803, he wrote in his notebook that he intended "to finish Christabel" before the end of the year, though he would not meet his goal. The poem was first published in "Christabel; Kubla Khan: A Vision; The Pains of Sleep" in 1816.
Analysis.
Thematically the poem is one of Coleridge's most cohesive constructs, with the narrative plot more explicit than previous works such as the fragmented Kubla Khan which tend to transcend traditional composure. Indeed in many respects the consistency of the poem – most apparent from the structural formality and rhymic rigidity (four beats to every line), when regarded alongside the unyielding mysticism of the account – creates the greatest juxtaposition in the poem. Parenthetically, Coleridge described such mysticism and vagueness in his notes to "The Rime of The Ancient Mariner" as "mesmeric" in an attempt to justify his unconventional ideas as being profound in their stark originality.
While some modern critics focus upon lesbian and feminist readings of the poem, another interesting interpretation is the one that explores the demonic presence that underscores much of the action. Geraldine, who initially appears to be an almost mirror image of Christabel, is later revealed as being far more complex, both sexually and morally:
Like one that shuddered, she unbound
The cincture from beneath her breast:
Her silken robe, and inner vest,
Dropt to her feet, and in full view,
Behold! her bosom and half her side——
Pinaki Roy has offered a revisionary reading of Coleridge's poem in his “"Reinterpreting Geraldine": Wollstonecraft’s ‘New Woman’?”, published in "Literary Insight" (ISSN 0975-6248), 4(1), January 2013, pp. 49–55. He reasons that Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who was initially deeply influenced by the feminist philosophy and avant-garde lifestyle of Mary Wollstonecraft, might have re-examined the validity and scope of employing Wollstonecraft's proposals in the daily-life of late-18th-century European women.
Influence.
"Christabel" was an influence on Edgar Allan Poe, particularly his poem "The Sleeper" (1831). It has been argued that Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu's 1872 novel "Carmilla" is a homage or adaptation of "Christabel". Le Fanu's antagonist Carmilla has certain similarities with "Christabel"'s Geraldine; for instance, she cannot cross the threshold of a house, and seems to be stronger at night. Likewise, the heroines of the two works are similar, both Christabel and Laura are the children of deceased mothers currently in the charge of their widowed fathers. Geraldine's presence gives Christabel similar symptoms as Carmilla's does to Laura; both heroines experience troubled sleep and weakness in the morning after spending the night with their guest.
In 2002, US experimental filmmaker James Fotopoulos released a feature-length avant-garde cinematic adaptation of "Christabel". See Christabel (2002 film).
It was also the influence for the song "Cristabel" by Texan singer and song writer Robert Earl Keen who majored in English literature at Texas A&M University. It appeared on his 1984 album No Kinda Dancer.
See also.
1816 in poetry
References.
13. Eugene Lewins, 2011, Christabel's Journey, https://docs.google.com/View?Docid=df8sxmf5_97cc5n4txb

</doc>
<doc id="2899699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899699" title="Groupe Bruxelles Lambert">
Groupe Bruxelles Lambert

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (GBL) is a Belgian industrial holding company. It is one of the ten biggest Belgian companies, and part of the BEL20. It has been listed in Brussels since 1956.
Shareholdings as of 31 December 2010 were:
As of 31 December 2004, a company Pargesa Holding S.A. holds 48.0% of the shares of GBL. As GBL holds 4.4% in treasury stock, Pargesa is a majority owner. Pargesa in turn is owned 54.3% by Parjointco, a company owned 50/50 by Agesca, a Dutch holding company and Power Financial Corporation, a subsidiary of the Canadian conglomerate Power Corporation of Canada. Agesca is owned 89.5% by Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille, a Belgian holding controlled by Albert Frère, and 10.5% by the holding Frères Bourgeois, the holding company of Albert Frère and his family. Groupe Bruxelles Lambert formerly owned the Bank Brussels Lambert (BBL), which is now part of the ING group.
GBL was also involved in Drexel Burnham Lambert, having made a sizeable investment in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2899701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899701" title="Bad Alexandersbad">
Bad Alexandersbad

Bad Alexandersbad is a municipality of Germany in Oberfranken (Bavaria), in the district of Wunsiedel. Population (2003): 1,240. The municipality consists of the villages Dünkelhammer, Kleinwendern, Sichersreuth and Tiefenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="2899713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899713" title="DHEC">
DHEC

A DHEC is part of a telecommunications circuit identifier, usually associated with T1s or PRIs. Fairpoint technical guide

</doc>
<doc id="2899715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899715" title="Siegesallee">
Siegesallee

The Siegesallee (German for "Victory Avenue") was a broad boulevard in Berlin, Germany. About 750 m in length, it ran northwards through the Tiergarten park from Kemperplatz (an intersection of roads on the southern edge of the park near Potsdamer Platz), to Königsplatz, in which stood the Berlin Victory Column, in its original position in front of the Reichstag (German Parliament building). Along its length the Siegesallee cut across the Charlottenburger Chausee (today's Straße des 17. Juni, the main avenue that runs east-west through the park and leads to the Brandenburg Gate). First laid out in 1873, the Siegesallee had existed, with this name, for more than two decades before the sculpting of the marble construction that became synonymous with it.
It was on 27 January 1895, the 36th birthday of William II, German Emperor (1859–1941), that the Siegesallee took on a whole new meaning with the commissioning by the Emperor of almost 100 white marble statues. Intended as a personal gift to the city, supposedly to make it the envy of the world, the statues were created by 27 sculptors under the direction of Reinhold Begas over a period of five years, starting in 1896. Dedicated on 18 December 1901, they consisted firstly of 32 "main" statues, each about 2.75 m tall (4 to 5 m including their pedestals), of former Prussian royal figures of varying historical importance, in two rows of 16, evenly spaced along either side of the boulevard, while behind each one were two busts of associates or advisors mounted on a low semi-circular wall, making 96 sculptures in all.
The whole construction was widely derided by art critics, and regarded by many Berliners as grossly over-indulgent and a vulgar show of strength. It was dubbed the 'Puppenallee' (Avenue of the Dolls), as well as the Avenue of the Puppets, Plaster Avenue, and other unsavoury titles. Even the Emperor’s own wife Augusta Viktoria (1858–1921), had reportedly been unhappy about it and had tried to persuade him not to go ahead with it, but all to no avail. The Siegesallee was still a popular place to stroll or relax, however.
The statues remained in place until 1938, when they got in the way of the grand plan by Adolf Hitler to transform Berlin into the Welthauptstadt Germania, to be realised by Albert Speer. The avenue was set to disappear under the new North-South Axis, the linchpin of the plan, and so on Speer's direction the entire construction was dismantled and rebuilt in another part of the Tiergarten, along a south-east to north-west running avenue called "Großer Sternallee" that led to the Großer Stern itself (literally "Large Star"), the main intersection of roads in the centre of the Tiergarten, one of the other roads being the Charlottenburger Chausee. In its new location it was given a new name - "Neue Siegesallee" (New Victory Avenue). The Berlin Victory Column was moved also, to the middle of the Großer Stern (and increased in height in the process), where it remains to this day.
Many of the statues were damaged in World War II, while a few were smashed completely. Generally though, the avenue survived, more or less, while all around was a scene of devastation. Most of the Tiergarten's 200,000 trees were shattered by bombs and artillery shells and finally cut down for fuel by desperate Berliners. However, the statues were seen by the Allied powers as a symbol of Imperial Germany, and in 1947 the British Occupation Forces dismantled the Siegesallee’s remains, these apparently being bound for the Teufelsberg (Devil’s Mountain), the largest of the eight huge rubble mountains around Berlin’s perimeter. State curator Hinnerk Schaper intervened, however, and buried most of the statues in the grounds of the nearby Schloss Bellevue, today the official residence of the Federal President of Germany, in the hope that one day, when Germany could be more accepting of monuments to its past, they might resurface. In 1979 they were duly rediscovered and dug up, and many of the survivors were relocated in Berlin’s first sewage pumping station, which had since its closure in 1972 been restored and turned into a museum called the Lapidarium, at Hallesches Ufer, along the north bank of the Landwehrkanal, near the site of the former Anhalter Bahnhof. In October 2006 however the museum closed and the building put up for sale with a future gastronomic function envisaged for it, and the remained 26 Siegesallee statues and 40 sidebusts (and numerous others housed there) moved in May 2009 to the Spandau Citadel. Here they will be restored and in 2012 presented as a part of the new permanent exhibition „Enthüllt – Berlin und seine Denkmäler“ ("Inaugurated – Berlin and its monuments").
The photograph to the right, taken in December 2003, shows the view looking north from near Kemperplatz, of the original site of the Siegesallee as it is now. All vehicles are prohibited; the broad boulevard of yesteryear has long since vanished. The Siegesallee's first route today is this wide gravel path through the trees, still a popular place to stroll or relax (its later relocation after 1938 is very similar in appearance). It seems that Berlin has turned its back entirely on this aspect of its past; neither path is now called the Siegesallee and the name does not appear on any of the public information signs in the area. The original route seems not to have any name at all nowadays, while the later Neue Siegesallee has reverted to its pre-1938 name "Großer Sternallee." Looking at this scene it is difficult to believe that under Hitler's grand design this quiet woodland way would now be the North-South Axis, 100 m wide and lined with Nazi edifices on a gargantuan scale. A short distance to the left (west), a post-war main road through the Tiergarten has recently been superseded by a tunnel running beneath it.
Where the Siegesallee's original route meets Straße des 17. Juni (the former Charlottenburger Chausee), its erstwhile northern continuation up to Platz der Republik and the Victory Column is blocked by the Soviet War Memorial erected in 1945, which neatly straddles its former route. Prior to its relocation, the Victory Column stood directly behind the Soviet memorial's location but with the Siegesallee itself having been destroyed in the way described above by the air raids during the Second World War. The Russian Empire, as it was at the time (the 19th century), was however not involved in the Prussian creation of the Second German Empire resulting in particular from victory in the 1870-1871 Franco-Prussian War, and this particular memorial (located on a Russian cemetery and which was opened in 1945 on the anniversary of the 1917 October Revolution) must be held to relate more directly to the planned Avenue of Splendour or 'North-South axis' to the south with its Arch of Triumph upon which it was intended to record, as stated in Avenue of Splendour, with or without the permission of any concerned relatives, the names of the numerous German military casualties of the First World War, and thus reversing the entire system of First World War memorials as set up in western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2899725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899725" title="Hawker Tomtit">
Hawker Tomtit

The Hawker Tomtit is a British training biplane from the late 1920s.
Design and development.
The Royal Air Force in 1927 required a replacement for their current elementary trainers, the elderly Avro 504Ns. They specified that the power plant should be an Armstrong Siddeley Mongoose engine, a radial five-cylinder type, and the design should "have regards to the elimination of the Woodworking Fitter trades." In other words: the airframe, though not its covering had to be metal. This led Sydney Camm, then chief designer at Hawkers to design the Tomtit, a single bay biplane whose frame was of steel and duralumin tubes. The spars were made of tubular dumbbell sections, the whole aircraft fabric covered. Automatic slats of the Handley Page type were fitted to the leading edges of the upper wing. It had the standard fixed main wheel and tail-skid undercarriage of its day. The engine was uncowled.
Instructor and trainee sat in open tandem cockpits. The latter, at the rear, was provided with the then-new blind flying panel and a cockpit hood was fitted so blind flying instruction was possible. The RAF Tomtits had 150 hp (112 kW) Mongoose IIIC motors. The prototype was first flown by George Bulman in November 1928.
Hawker also produced five civil registered Tomtits. The first two of these started with Mongoose IIIA engine and the third with an upright in-line 115 hp (86 kW) A.D.C. Cirrus Major. It was thought that this latter, lower power engine choice might appeal more to public sporting owners. Three of this group were later owned by Wolseley, who fitted them with their cowled A.R. 7 and A.R.9 radial motors.
Production and service.
Between 1928 and 1931, 24 aircraft were delivered to the RAF for evaluation. After the first batch of ten, two more batches of six and eight aircraft respectively were ordered. The competition included the eventual winner, the Avro Tutor. Military Tomtits were sold elsewhere, two to Canada and four to New Zealand. Despite its failure to win the RAF contract, it is probable that more Tomtits could have been sold as it was very well received by their pilots, but Hawkers were heavily involved in the production of the Hawker Hart and its many variants. Consequently they did not have the capacity to manufacture other aircraft. The Cirrus powered machine had turned out to be both rather underpowered and lacking the control precision of the standard aircraft.
In 1935 some nine ex-RAF aircraft joined the original five on the civil register. They were used by individuals and clubs as sports and training machines.
On 04/02/41, three surplus Tomtits were acquired from Leicester Aero Club by the Chief Test Pilot at VACBAF (Vickers Armstrong Castle Bromwich Aircraft Factory.) for use as personal transport during the early part of the war up until mid 1942. G-AFIB was destroyed in a night take-off accident during the war. Henshaw sold the remaining aircraft in 1946. The third machine, G-AFVV was destroyed at some point soon after the war. Another, G-AFTA, survived the war and was acquired and restored by Hawkers in 1949. This was donated to the Shuttleworth Collection at Old Warden in 1960 and is still operated by the Shuttleworth Collection to the present day.
Survivors.
One Tomtit still flies, the ex-RAF "K1786" "G-AFTA". This, the last RAF machine, completed in January 1931, initially served No. 3 Flying Training School. It joined the U.K. civil register in April 1939. During the war, it was flown by Alex Henshaw and gained a Spitfire windscreen and faired headrest. It was acquired and restored by Hawkers in 1949 where it became the mount of the their test pilot Neville Duke and was painted in the dark blue company colours. In 1960, it was handed over to the Shuttleworth Collection, who returned it to its original RAF colours in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2899729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899729" title="Orzo (pasta)">
Orzo (pasta)

Orzo (Italian for "barley", from Latin "hordeum"), also risoni (Italian: "big rice"), is a form of short-cut pasta, shaped like a large grain of rice. Orzo can be served alone, as a soup accompaniment, as part of a salad, or baked in a casserole.
Similar products.
Orzo is similar to "kritharáki" ("little barley") and "κριθαράκι" in Greek cuisine, "arpa şehriye" in Turkish cooking, and "lisān al-`uṣfūr" ("songbird tongue") in Arabic cooking.
Preparation.
Orzo is often boiled in Italian soups, like minestrone. It also is boiled and lightly fried, to resemble risotto.

</doc>
<doc id="2899730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899730" title="The Legend of the White Horse">
The Legend of the White Horse

Legend of the White Horse (original title: Biały smok) is a 1986 Polish-American adventure children's film directed by Jerzy Domaradzki and Janusz Morgenstern, based on the magic realism novel "White Horse, Dark Dragon" by Robert C. Fleet, who also wrote the screenplay. It was produced by Alina Szpak for CBS Theatrical Films, Legend Productions & Film Polski. The film is also a political satire. It was released on July 13, 1987.
Synopsis.
The action takes place in a fictional Central European country, Karistan, where the beautiful Alta lives with her young blind daughter Jewel. Jewel has a friend in the form of an enigmatic white horse. Soon they meet an American visitor named Jim Martin, who has been sent to Karistan to prove that a new investment is not going to harm the environment in Karistan.
Background.
The novel "White Horse, Dark Dragon" is described by "The Science Fiction Chronicle" as "an interesting juxtaposition of fantasy and modern politics", and has become something of a cult due to its dry political humor satirizing late-era Communism and U.S. corporate boardrooms - mixed with action, historical romance and nuanced characters. The movie takes a simpler tack, perhaps reflective of Hollywood mind-think: good guys vs. bad guys. It was a decision that makes for an uneasy blend of target marketing vs. reality, since the result was a movie that at least one reviewer, Michael Medved, thought was "too intense for children." 
As "Biały smok" ("White Dragon"), it was the second highest grossing theatrical feature in Poland when it was released in 1987. It was renamed "Legend of the white horse" by CBS in the U.S., but the CBS Theatrical Films division was closed down in late 1986 and the feature languished in tax write-off obscurity until it was released to video by CBS/Fox Video a few years later. 
The book was held up for publication for contractual reasons, but finally published by Putnam/Berkley/Ace in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2899731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899731" title="Capitalization rate">
Capitalization rate

Capitalization rate (or "cap rate") is the ratio between the net operating income produced by an asset and its capital cost (the original price paid to buy the asset) or alternatively its current market value. 
Basic formula.
The rate is calculated in a simple fashion as follows:
formula_1
Explanatory Examples.
For example, if a building is purchased for $1,000,000 sale price and it produces $100,000 in positive net operating income (the amount left over after fixed costs and variable costs is subtracted from gross lease income) during one year, then:
The asset's capitalization rate is ten percent; one-tenth of the building's cost is paid by the year's net proceeds.
If the owner bought the building twenty years ago for $200,000, his cap rate is
However, the investor must take into account the opportunity cost of keeping his money tied up in this investment. By keeping this building, he is losing the opportunity of investing $1,000,000 (by selling the building at its market value and investing the proceeds). As shown above, if a building worth a million dollars brings in a net of one hundred thousand dollars a year, then the cap rate is ten percent. The current value of the investment, not the actual initial investment, should be used in the cap rate calculation. Thus, for the owner of the building who bought it twenty years ago for $200,000, the real cap rate is ten percent, not fifty percent, and he has a million dollars invested, not two hundred thousand.
As another example of why the current value should be used, consider the case of a building that is given away (as an inheritance or charitable gift). The new owner divides his annual net income by his initial cost, say,
Anybody who invests any amount of money at an undefined rate of return very quickly has an undefined percent return on his investment.
From this, we see that as the value of an asset increases, the amount of income it produces should also increase (at the same rate), in order to maintain the cap rate.
Capitalization rates are an indirect measure of how fast an investment will pay for itself. In the example above, the purchased building will be fully capitalized (pay for itself) after ten years (100% divided by 10%). If the capitalization rate were 5%, the payback period would be twenty years.
Note that a real estate appraisal in the U.S. uses net operating income. Cash flow equals net operating income minus debt service. Where sufficiently detailed information is not available, the capitalization rate will be derived or estimated from net operating income to determine cost, value or required annual income.
An investor views his money as a "capital asset". As such, he expects his money to produce more money. Taking into account risk and how much interest is available on investments in other assets, an investor arrives at a personal rate of return he expects from his money. This is the cap rate he expects. If an apartment building is offered to him for $100,000, and he expects to make at least 8 percent on his real estate investments, then he would multiply the $100,000 investment by 8% and determine that if the apartments will generate $8000, or more, a year, after operating expenses, then the apartment building is a viable investment to pursue.
Use for valuation.
In real estate investment, real property is often valued according to projected capitalization rates used as investment criteria. This is done by algebraic manipulation of the formula below:
For example, in valuing the projected sale price of an apartment building that produces a net operating income of $10,000, if we set a projected capitalization rate at 7%, then the asset value (or price we would pay to own it) is $142,857 (142,857 = 10,000 / .07).
This is often referred to as direct capitalization, and is commonly used for valuing income generating property in a real estate appraisal.
One advantage of capitalization rate valuation is that it is separate from a "market-comparables" approach to an appraisal (which compares 3 valuations: what other similar properties have sold for based on a comparison of physical, location and economic characteristics, actual replacement cost to re-build the structure in addition to the cost of the land and capitalization rates). Given the inefficiency of real estate markets, multiple approaches are generally preferred when valuing a real estate asset. Capitalization rates for similar properties, and particularly for "pure" income properties, are usually compared to ensure that estimated revenue is being properly valued.
Cash flow defined.
The capitalization rate is calculated using a measure of cash flow called net operating income (NOI), not net income. Generally, NOI is defined as income (earnings) before depreciation and interest expenses:
Depreciation in the tax and accounting sense is excluded from the valuation of the asset, because it does not directly affect the cash generated by the asset. To arrive at a more careful and realistic definition, however, estimated annual maintenance expenses or capital expenditures will be included in the non-interest expenses.
Although NOI is the generally accepted figure used for calculating cap rates (financing and depreciation are ignored), this is often referred to under various terms, including simply income.
Use for comparison.
Capitalization rates, or cap rates, provide a tool for investors to use for roughly valuing a property based on its Net Operating Income. For example, if a real estate investment provides $160,000 a year in Net Operating Income and similar properties have sold based on 8% cap rates, the subject property can be roughly valued at $2,000,000 because $160,000 divided by 8% (0.08) equals 2,000,000. A comparatively lower cap rate for a property would indicate less risk associated with the investment (increasing demand for the product), and a comparatively higher cap rate for a property might indicate more risk (reduced demand for the product). Some factors considered in assessing risk include creditworthiness of a tenant, term of lease, quality and location of property, and general volatility of the market.
Reversionary.
Property values based on capitalization rates are calculated on an "in-place" or "passing rent" basis, i.e. given the rental income generated from current tenancy agreements. In addition, a valuer also provides an Estimated Rental Value (ERV). The ERV states the valuer’s opinion as to the open market rent which could reasonably be expected to be achieved on the subject property at the time of valuation.
The difference between the in-place rent and the ERV is the reversionary value of the property. For example, with passing rent of $160,000, and an ERV of $200,000, the property is $40,000 reversionary. Holding the valuers cap rate constant at 8%, we could consider the property as having a current value of $2,000,000 based on passing rent, or $2,500,000 based on ERV.
Finally, if the passing rent payable on a property is equivalent to its ERV, it is said to be "Rack Rented".
Change in asset value.
The cap rate only recognizes the cash flow a real estate investment produces and not the change in value of the property.
To get the unlevered rate of return on an investment the real estate investor adds (or subtracts) the price change percentage from the cap rate. For example, a property delivering an 8% capitalization, or cap rate, that increases in value by 2% delivers a 10% overall rate of return. The actual realised rate of return will depend on the amount of borrowed funds, or leverage, used to purchase the asset.
To calculate the change in asset value, divide the appreciation rate by the percent of investor equity in the property. For example, if the property appreciates 3% this year, and I have 25% equity in the property, my profit is .03 / .25 = .12 = 12%.
This appears to use a "relative" percentage rate instead of an "absolute" percentage rate, the latter also known as a "percentage point". I believe the absolute percentage rate should be used in this instance.
Recent trends.
'The National Council of Real Estate' Investment Fiduciaries in a Sept 30, 2007 report reported that for the prior year, for all properties income return was 5.7% and the appreciation return was 11.1%.
A Wall Street Journal report using data from Real Capital Analytics and Federal Reserve showed that from the beginning of 2001 to end of 2007, the cap rate for offices dropped from about 10% to 5.5%, and for apartments from about 8.5% to 6%. At the peak of the real estate bubble in 2006 and 2007, some deals were done at even lower rates: for instance, New York City's Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village apartment buildings sold at a cap rate of 3.1% based on highly optimistic assumptions. Most deals at these low rates used a great deal of leverage in an attempt to lift equity returns, generating negative cashflows and refinancing difficulties.
As U.S. real estate sale prices have declined faster than rents due to the economic crisis, cap rates have returned to higher levels: as of December 2009, to 8.8% for office buildings in central business districts and 7.36% for apartment buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="2899736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899736" title="The Fortunes of Nigel">
The Fortunes of Nigel

The Fortunes of Nigel (1822) is a novel written by Sir Walter Scott. The setting is some time between 1616 and 1625.
Plot introduction.
A young Scottish nobleman, Nigel Olifaunt, Lord Glenvarloch, travels to London in order to ask the King to repay his father's loan. Nigel wishes to use the money to pay off a mortgage on his estate—but the Duke of Buckingham and Prince Charles already have their eyes on it. The lord is drawn into the chaotic life of the court, and when he becomes an enemy of the profligate Lord Dalgarno, he finds himself in grave danger.
"Captain Clutterbuck" is the imaginary author of "The Fortunes of Nigel", as well as the patron to whom "The Abbot" is dedicated.
Plot summary.
David Ramsay, a watchmaker, lives with his daughter Margaret on Fleet Street. He has two apprentices, Mr Vincent and Mr Tunstall. The two apprentices had run off to join in a street fray, and the goldsmith George Heriot was gossiping with Ramsay, when they brought in a fellow named Richie Moniplies with a broken head and very tattered garments. His wound having been dressed, he explained that he had come to London with his master Nigel Olifaunt to obtain payment of a debt owing to him by the king, and had been set upon as a stranger. Next morning Nigel received a visit, at his lodging with the chandler and his wife, from the goldsmith, who had known his father, and, having warned him that his estate was in danger, lent him money to appear in proper attire in Court. Heriot proceeded to Whitehall, and, having presented the young lord's petition, King James authorised him to advance part of the sum due, and promised to interest himself in his affairs.
Here he renewed his acquaintance with the barrister Lowestoffe, whom he had met at Beaujeu's tavern, and was assigned to the care of old Trapbois the lodging-house keeper and his daughter. On hearing of Nigel's trouble Margaret sought an interview with Lady Hermione, who occupied a suite of apartments in Heriot's mansion, and, having revealed her secret, was supplied with money to help him, being told at the same time by her confidant of the ill usage she had suffered from Lord Dalgarno. Vincent, who was in love with his master's daughter, and had been encouraged by Dame Ursula in extravagant habits, was now engaged by her to act as his rival's guide in effecting his escape from London. The same night old Trapbois was murdered by two ruffians who came to rob him; and, just as he had rescued the daughter, whom the bailiff Hildebrod had advised him to marry, Nigel was accosted by the apprentice, dressed as a waterman, from whom he learnt that a warrant had been issued for his apprehension, and that a boat was in readiness for him to give the king's officers the slip. Martha begged that she might accompany him, and, having secured her father's treasure, they were conducted by Vincent to the Temple Stairs. Having landed his companion at Paul's Wharf, where she was taken charge of by Moniplies, Nigel insisted on disembarking at Greenwich, instead of joining a Scotch vessel which was waiting for him at Gravesend; and having made his way to the park, he attended the king while he killed a deer, when he was recognised and consigned to the Tower.
Presently Margaret, dressed as a boy, was shown into the same room; then the chandler came to claim his wife, whom he accused Nigel of having carried off; and, after he had dined, his friend Heriot arrived to reproach him with the position in which he had placed himself. He had also lost the king's warrant for his debt, and when his companion's disguise was detected, she saved him from further embarrassment by a full confession. One of her acts had been to present a petition to the king from Lady Hermione, on reading which he had commanded that Lord Dalgarno should instantly marry her; and another to offer such explanations respecting Nigel as induced his Majesty to pardon him. One hour only, however, remained within which to redeem his estates, when Moniplies appeared with the money, and Lord Dalgarno, who hoped to have secured them, was deprived of his revenge. The next day he was shot in Enfield Chase, where Captain Colepepper had planned to waylay him, as he was waiting, in company with Dame Nelly, and a page in charge of the treasure, to fight a duel with Nigel. Vincent and Lowestoffe, however, arrived in time to put two of the robbers to flight, while Moniplies killed the captain, who was suspected of having murdered Trapbois, and Christie recovered his wife. Nigel and Margaret were soon afterwards married; and as King James was honouring the feast with his presence, Richie presented Martha as his bride, who, at the same time, handed to the preserver of her life the deeds of the Glenvarloch estates, which she had freed from all liabilities, and the royal sign-manual which had been found among her father's papers.
References in other works.
The book was a favourite of Cardinal John Henry Newman, who quoted it in "Grammar of Assent" and the "Apologia".

</doc>
<doc id="2899738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899738" title="Clutterbuck">
Clutterbuck

Clutterbuck is a surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2899744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899744" title="Central Avian Research Institute">
Central Avian Research Institute

The Central Avian Research Institute of India (CARI) is a research institute located at Izzatnagar near Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh state, India. It studies poultry science, including avian genetics, breeding, nutrition and feed technology, and avian physiology and reproduction, for the betterment of the Indian poultry industry.
The institute was established in 1979 under the administrative control of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi, and offers also education, training, and consultancy services.

</doc>
<doc id="2899748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899748" title="Clery">
Clery

Clery is the surname of: 
Clery may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2899754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899754" title="Jean-Baptiste Cléry">
Jean-Baptiste Cléry

Jean-Baptiste Cléry (1759–1809) was the personal valet to King Louis XVI.
Biography.
Before the Revolution.
First serving as secretary of the Princess of Guéménée, he was made valet of the dauphin (who would become Louis XVII).
During the Revolution.
Cléry became the valet of Louis XVI when he was imprisoned in the Temple until January 21, 1793. Although he was arrested on September 25, 1793, he avoided the fate of the guillotine and was freed on July 27, 1794.
After the Revolution.
Cléry became valet to the Count of Provence (future Louis XVIII) and gave him his journal detailing the events of the revolution. His journal gave an account of what he saw of his touching farewell with his family. The journal was published and was well received, and later led to Cléry's being knighted by Louis XVIII. The popularity and pro-royalist sentiments generated by the memoirs led the French government to release a distorted copy of the book.
Cléry moved to Austria and purchased an estate where he stayed until his death in 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="2899760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899760" title="Back Creek (New Jersey)">
Back Creek (New Jersey)

Back Creek is an estuary of Delaware Bay in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.
Abbots Creek and Ogden Creek join to form Back Creek, which travels for 3.7 miles (6 km) to Nantuxent Cove of Delaware Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="2899772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899772" title="Tamron">
Tamron

Sony Corporation maintains an 11% share hold in Tamron, making it the second largest shareholder below New Well Co., Ltd. with 17.34%.
List of photographic lenses.
Most contemporary Tamron lenses are available for Nikon F, Canon EF, Minolta/Sony α, and Pentax K lens mounts.
Designations.
Optical design
Discontinued lenses and mounts.
Adaptall 2 mount lenses (Adaptall 2 series discontinued 2005/2006)
Adaptall 2 interchangeable mounts produced for:
Adaptall (first series) mount lenses
Adaptall (first series) interchangeable mounts produced for:
Adapt-A-Matic mount lenses
Adapt-A-Matic interchangeable mounts produced for:
T2 screw mount lenses
T2 interchangeable mounts produced for: (Manufactured by Tamron, as well as third party manufacturers)

</doc>
<doc id="2899775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899775" title="1920–29 Pacific hurricane seasons">
1920–29 Pacific hurricane seasons

The 1920–1929 Pacific hurricane seasons all began during late spring in the northeast Pacific Ocean and the central Pacific. They ended in late fall.
Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes is extremely unreliable. In a few years, there are no reported cyclones although many systems certainly formed.
Pacific hurricane seasons
1900–1909 1910–1919 1920–1929 1930–1939 1940–1948
1920.
Three known tropical cyclones formed this year in the eastern Pacific proper. One of them existed from September 10 to 13. It passed close to the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula but never made landfall.
1921.
Nine tropical cyclones are known this year in the eastern Pacific proper.
I. After crossing central Baja California, a tropical cyclone moved northward into southwestern Arizona on August 20, causing up to of rain.
II. A system stayed at sea from September 25 to 30. It paralleled the coast of Mexico without making landfall. The remnants of this tropical cyclone moved northeastward through Baja California and Arizona, producing up to of rain in the desert region.
III. and IV. Two possible tropical cyclones exited in the central Pacific during the month of October. The first developed on October 5 near Hawaii, and moved northward until being absorbed by an extratropical storm over the Aleutian Islands. The second was observed on October 17 well to the northeast of Hawaii. For both of these systems, it is unknown what, if any, tropical characteristics they had. It is possible they were Kona-type storms due to their locations.
1922.
Seven tropical cyclones formed this year.
I. One of them was an extremely unusual hurricane that formed between February 6 and 18 and hassled a ship moving between San Pedro and Panama City. This is the only Eastern Pacific hurricane to form in the month of February.[http://docs.lib.noaa.gov/rescue/mwr/050/mwr-050-02-0098.pdf]
II. Another cyclone paralleled the coast of Mexico from August 27 to 30. It passed south of the Revilla Gigedo Islands but otherwise stayed at sea.
III. A "tropical hurricane" formed offshore western Mexico on September 9, and moved northwest, parallel but well offshore the coast, dissipating on September 13.
IV. A tropical cyclone was tracked from October 14 to 16. It moved northeast and made landfall near Mazatlán.
1923.
Five known tropical cyclones existed in the eastern Pacific proper this year.
I. The initial low pressure area formed on August 20 well southwest of Hawaii. Moving generally westward, it was a small hurricane on August 23 when it was last noted. This storm is known as the Vega Cyclone, named after the USS Vega which reported the storm.
II. A tropical storm formed on October 12. After moving north, it made landfall near Salina Cruz. It crossed the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and emerged into the Bay of Campeche. It strengthened into Atlantic hurricane 3 and eventually made landfall in Louisiana as a weak Category 2.
1924.
Three known tropical cyclones formed this year in the eastern Pacific proper.
I. One was detected on September 2. It stayed at sea and was lost track of on September 8.
II. Another system was discovered on September 6. It moved in a generally northerly direction. It dissipated on September 9 after making landfall about midway between Acapulco and a place called "C. Corrigules". However, weather associated with it crossed into the Gulf of Mexico.[http://docs.lib.noaa.gov/rescue/mwr/057/mwr-057-02-0043.pdf]
1925 season.
I. A small tropical cyclone existed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec from June 3 to 6. It had gale-force winds, and its lowest reported pressure was .
II. Off the coast of Mexico, a hurricane existed from July 7 to 10. The lowest reported pressure was .
III. A tropical cyclone existed from July 17 to 22.
IV. On July 31 and August 1, a tropical cyclone was encountered by a steamer called the "West Calera". This tropical cyclone headed west-northwest and stayed south of the Hawaiian Islands. It brought gales to Honolulu from August 1 to 4. It also brought heavy surf to Oahu and the Big Island. That surf flooded a warehouse at Honuapo. It also flooded houses in Honuapo and Punaluu Beach, and collapsed flurtes at Hutchinson Plantation. On Oahu, Fort Kamehameha was flooded. Lawns at Diamond Head and Kahala were damaged, as were houses on the northern side of Oahu.
V. A tropical cyclone existed on August 16. It had gale-force winds. The lowest reported pressure was .
VI. Far from land, on September 27 to 28, the same ship that encountered the July 31–August 4 cyclone encountered a hurricane east of the Hawaiian Islands. That ship reported a pressure of .
VII. South of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed. It headed west-northwest. On October 24, it re-curved to the north, and made landfall near Cabo Corrientes on October 25. The next day, it dissipated inland. The lowest pressure reported in association with this hurricane was . It caused rain throughout coastal areas near where it hit. This hurricane also damaged many houses, and blew down trees in mountainous areas. Roads were damaged, and telegraph lines were downed. In Puerto Vallarta, 270 houses were destroyed while 200 families were left homeless. Three people died and many were injured.
VIII. A ship encountered a strong tropical cyclone near Acapulco on November 10. On November 11, it was near Manzanillo. It was not seen after that. This tropical cyclone was initially reported to have a pressure of uncorrected). However, a later report attributes a pressure of . Even in HURDAT, the modern "best track" database, there was no November tropical cyclone this intense until Hurricane Kenneth in 2011, which broke this record. This hurricane also caused heavy rains to coastal areas of Mexico.
IX. A tropical cyclone existed from December 22 to 26.
1926 season.
I. A tropical storm existed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 13. The lowest reported pressure was .
II. Far from land, a tropical cyclone was reported on July 21. It had gale-force winds and a minimum reported pressure of .
III. Well south of Mexico, a tropical cyclone formed on July 5. It moved northwestward, and was last observed on July 9 while located south of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. It was a hurricane, and the lowest reported pressure was .
IV. On August 8, a tropical cyclone began forming. It was definitely extant on August 11, and was last seen on August 15. It caused gales and had a lowest reported pressure of .
V. Another tropical cyclone was observed from August 22 to 23. It had a lowest reported pressure of and also caused gales.
VI. A tropical cyclone existed from September 14 to 16, during which time it moved along the coast. The lowest reported pressure was . It caused heavy rain.
VII. A tropical cyclone moved along the coast from Manzanillo, to Mazatlán, to the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, from September 24 to 26. It had gale-force winds, a lowest reported pressure of , and caused heavy rainfall.
VIII. A tropical cyclone formed south of Acapulco on October 2. The next day, it was a tropical storm. It pretty much hung around in the same area, and dissipated near the western Gulf of Tehuantepec on October 11. The lowest reported pressure was .
1927 season.
I. A tropical cyclone moved along the coast of Mexico from June 14 to 18. It had gale-force winds and a minimum reported pressure of .
II. A tropical storm existed off the coast of Mexico during late June. The initial low pressure area formed near the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 23, moving west-northwest near the coast into July 1.
III. A small tropical cyclone was detected on July 1. Its lowest reported pressure was , and was moving along the coast of Mexico.
IV. A ship encountered a tropical cyclone on July 5. The ship reported a pressure of . The cyclone was moving west-northwest.
V. On July 28, a tropical cyclone moved eastward in the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
VI. Roughly southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed on August 7. It moved along the coast and dissipated south of the entrance to the Gulf of California on August 10.
VII. On September 6, a tropical cyclone formed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It moved along the coast, and by September 8 it was west of Manzanillo. It entered the Gulf of California on September 10, and it made landfall or dissipated the next day. The lowest reported pressure was .
The tropical cyclone caused much damage and destruction. The cyclone drove huge waves ashore along the coast, and destroyed rail lines linking Mexico City with the Pacific coast. Some ships were also missing and presumed sunk. Shipping was badly damaged. Some of the ships initially reported sunk were later accounted for. The worst hit areas were Manzanillo and Salina Cruz. Salina Cruz was reduced to ruins. A sudden plunge in the barometer provided enough warning for emergency evacuations in those cities, which were credited with keeping the death toll below that which was initially reported.
In Mazatlán, one person was killed by being swept over the sea wall. Acambaro, Guanajuanto was flooded. In the aftermath, displaced refugees attempted to cross the border and enter Nogales, Arizona.
VIII. A "tropical hurricane" formed well southwest of Mexico on September 7, dissipating on September 10.
IX. A tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on September 11. It moved northwest and was last observed on September 12.
X. In the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone was detected on September 25. It moved along the coast and was last seen on September 30. The lowest reported pressure was ; a ship reported a maximum windspeed of .
XI. A tropical depression existed south of Acapulco on October 19 and 20.
1928 season.
A weak tropical cyclone existed south of the Gulf of California was spotted on May 24. It moved westward, and was last seen on May 27. The lowest pressure reported was .
A tropical cyclone in the Gulf of Tehuantepec produced gales on June 5. The lowest reported pressure was .
A hurricane existed south of Cape Corrientes on July 28 and 29. The lowest reported pressure was a reading of .
A tropical cyclone was noticed just south of the Mexican coast on August 6. This system might have formed south of Costa Rica three days earlier. Wherever it formed, this tropical cyclone intensified into a hurricane, and paralled the coast. It passed south of the Gulf of California on August 10. The hurricane passed northwestward of Cabo San Lucas on September, and dissipated on August 11 while over the southern part of the Baja California Peninsula. The lowest pressure reported in association with this hurricane was .
This hurricane brought gale or hurricane-force winds to several areas of the Mexican coast. An American steamer, the "William A. McKenney", had its cargo and structure damaged by the hurricane. Repairs were attempted during the storm, and 14 members of its crew were washed overboard and drowned.
On September 1, a tropical cyclone formed well south of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. It moved west-northwest and was last seen on September 3. A ship reported a pressure reading of .
About 200 miles west-southwest of Acapulco, a tropical cyclone formed on September 17. It slowly moved northwestward. It had intensified into a hurricane by September 18. On September 21, the hurricane weakened and recurved to the east-northeast. It made landfall north of Mazatlán and became a remnant over Mexico. Its remnants had crossed Mexico by September 22 and entered the Gulf of Mexico south of Brownsville, Texas. They never developed into anything, and had dissipated by the end of the month. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
From September 20 to 22, a tropical cyclone existed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
On October 7, at a location well south of the entrance to the Gulf of California, a hurricane existed. It was moving northwest. A ship measured a central pressure of .
On October 16 and 17, a ship encountered a tropical cyclone well south of the southern Tip of the Baja California Peninsula. The ship reported a pressure of .
1929 season.
I. A "tropical hurricane" made a clockwise loop near Johnston Island between March 20 and 24.
II. A tropical cyclone existed from May 29 to June 1. Starting from a location southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, it traveled west-northwestward not far off the Mexican shore. A ship recorded its lowest known pressure of .
III. A cyclone existed southwest of Acapulco on June 16 and 17. It produced gales, and a ship reported a pressure reading of .
IV. On August 2, a tropical cyclone formed near the Mexican coast. It eventually became a hurricane, and was last seen on August 6. The lowest pressure reported in association with this system was .
V. On August 21 and 22, a ship encountered a possible tropical cyclone at a location far from land and almost in the central Pacific basin. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
VI. On August 28. It moved along the coast, and passed over the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula around August 31.
VII. On September 10, a tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It moved along the coast, and was a hurricane by September 13. It moved along the Pacific side of the Baja California Peninsula, and became a remnant off its northern coast on September 16. It's remnants subsequently moved inland, and dissipated around September 18. The lowest pressure measured in association with this tropical cyclone was .
This tropical cyclone inflicted gale or hurricane-force winds along parts of the coast of Mexico, including Manzanillo, Acapulco, and Mazatlán. On September 18, its remnants caused rain of up to in mountainous parts of Southern California. An unseasonal warming was also attributed to this cyclone. It was also responsible for the strongest September winds ever recorded in San Diego up to that time.
VIII. Somewhere between Manzanillo and Acapulco, a tropical cyclone might have existed on September 19.
IX. On September 23, a tropical cyclone was located southeast of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It was last observed the next day. A ship reported a pressure of .

</doc>
<doc id="2899776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899776" title="List of CISAC members">
List of CISAC members

This is a list of International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers () or CISAC members.
As of September 2011, CISAC counts among its members 232 authors' societies in 121 countries.
Africa.
Algeria
Angola
Benin 
Burkina Faso 
Cameroon 
Central African Republic 
Congo 
Côte d'Ivoire 
Democratic Republic of Congo 
Egypt 
Ghana 
Guinea
Kenya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Senegal
Seychelles
South Africa
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
United Republic of Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe
America.
Argentina 
Barbados 
Belize 
Bolivia 
Brazil 
Canada 
Chile 
Colombia 
Costa Rica 
Cuba 
Dominican Republic 
Ecuador 
El Salvador 
Guatemala 
Honduras 
Jamaica
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Saint Lucia
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Asia & Oceania.
Armenia 
Australia 
Azerbaijan
Brunei Darussalam 
China 
Georgia 
Hong Kong 
India 
Indonesia 
Israel 
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Philippines
Republic of Korea
Singapore
Taiwan, Chinese Taipei
Thailand
Turkey
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Europe.
Albania 
Austria 
Belarus 
Belgium 
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Bulgaria 
Croatia
Czech Republic 
Denmark 
Estonia 
Finland 
France 
Germany 
Greece 
Holy See (Vatican City State) 
Hungary 
Iceland 
Ireland 
Italy 
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Republic of Moldova
Romania
Russian Federation
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
The Republic of Macedonia
Ukraine
United Kingdom

</doc>
<doc id="2899785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899785" title="Jacksonville City Nights">
Jacksonville City Nights

Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams, released on September 27, 2005 on Lost Highway. The album is Adams' second with The Cardinals, and the second in a trilogy of albums released in a seven-month timespan during 2005. By 2007, the album had sold 100,000 copies in the United States and 158,000 worldwide. The album was recorded live in the studio, without overdubs. The title is a reference to Adams' hometown of Jacksonville, North Carolina, which has been referenced throughout his career.
Several limited American releases contained a DVD entitled "September" (which was originally intended to be the title of the album), which featured a 20 minute documentary about the band on the road and in the studio. Bassist Catherine Popper is featured in the photograph on the album cover.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 72 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". "Spin" gave it a B+ and said the album "reminds you why Adams was once a big deal." "NME" gave it a score of seven out of ten and said, "Adams could clearly make use of an editor here--but you can't possibly hate an album that uses pedal-steel on every track." Tiny Mix Tapes gave it a score of three-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "As with most Adams records, the fact that some of the songs made the cut is perplexing." However, "Blender" gave it three stars out of five and said, "It's the sound of a New Yorker coming home for a breath of country air." "Prefix Magazine" gave it an average review and said, "Perhaps Adams is just earning cheap sympathy with his strained, tour-weary voice, or maybe it’s just too thrilling to hear him revisit Gram, but "Jacksonville City Lights" ["sic"] does seem to come by its sound honestly."
Musicians.
The Nashville String Machine.
The Nashville String Machine perform on the song "My Heart Is Broken" and are:

</doc>
<doc id="2899790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899790" title="Hebrew school">
Hebrew school

Hebrew school can be either (1) the Jewish equivalent of Sunday school – an educational regimen separate from secular education, focusing on topics of Jewish history and learning the Hebrew language, or (2) a primary, secondary or college level educational institution where some or all of the classes are taught in Hebrew.
The first usage is more common in the United States, while the second is used elsewhere outside of Israel, for example, in reference to the "Colegio Hebreo Unión" in Barranquilla, Colombia, or the "Associated Hebrew Schools" in Toronto. See Jewish day school.
Background and History.
According to an article in the "Jewish Quarterly Review" entitled "The Jewish Sunday School Movement in the United States" and printed in 1900, “the exact beginning of the American Jewish Sunday Schools is obscured by uncertainty and difficulty of opinion…” though it is largely credited with the works of Miss Rebecca Gratz, a Philadelphia Native, who sought to provide Jewish schooling to those most in need. As students received secular schooling, Miss Gratz understood the need to provide Jewish history and Jewish traditions to those most lacking a basic understanding in Jewish Education. In fact, Jewish Sunday School grew largely in response to Christian Sunday School as a means of providing proper Jewish Education to students who otherwise lacked any religious grounding in Jewish traditions and history or lacked the financial means necessary to attend such a school. As a devout Jew, Gratz dedicated her life to helping the poor and neglected. In 1818, “under the sponsorship of the Female Hebrew Benevolent Society, the Hebrew Sunday School Society of Philadelphia was created on March 4, her birthday, with about 60 students.” To this day, Rebecca Gratz is referenced as “the foremost American Jewess of her day.”
Curriculum Overview.
Hebrew School is typically taught on Sunday and on one day of the week either Tuesday or Wednesday in the evening following secular education in private or public schools. Hebrew School Education developed in the 1800s and is largely credited to Rebecca Gratz.
Today, typical Hebrew School education starts in kindergarten and culminates in the tenth grade with confirmation. While the idea of confirmation largely grew out of Reform Judaism, it is largely practiced by both the Reform and Jewish Conservative Movements today. However, Hebrew School Education is based in the Reform and Conservative Movements and therefore, not practiced in the Jewish Orthodox Movement. Instead Orthodox students attend religious schools on a daily basis such as Yeshivas where they study Jewish texts like Torah and the Talmud in greater depth. Orthodox schooling often prepares young boys to become rabbis and involves a deeper level of study than Hebrew School Education provides. Whereas, both boys and girls study in Hebrew Schools in a co-educational environment, education in the Orthodox community is based on single-sex education with greater emphasis placed on traditional roles for men and women.
However, some Orthodox congregations do offer Hebrew School for non-Orthodox students, such as the TAG Hebrew schools common in Chabad houses.
Kindergarten and First Grade Education.
During kindergarten and first grade students are introduced to major Jewish holidays. Furthermore they are introduced to the Aleph-Bet or Hebrew alphabet. Usually learning at this young age relies on a number of hands-on activities such as crafts, music, cooking and storytelling to engage young learners. Kids will often sing songs in Hebrew to improve their Hebrew speaking skills and memory of Hebrew words. Additionally, students might learn the Aleph-Bet through puzzles and other fun activities. In addition to learning the Hebrew alphabet, kids will also learn how to count to ten, how to identity major body parts, learn their Hebrew names and be able to recite prayers such as the blessings for Shabbat. In First Grade students will learn Torah stories such as Adam and Eve, and Joseph in Egypt. First Grade is sometimes referred to as Grade Aleph, corresponding to the first letter in the Hebrew alphabet.
Second Grade through Fifth Grade Education.
During these years students build on a variety of skills and knowledge they have learned as youngsters while learning new skills like reading Hebrew, reciting common prayers such as the Shema and V'ahavta and learning by heart the blessings over the candles, wine and bread. Furthermore, students learn the concept of tzedakah, or charity and become acquainted with Jewish rituals and customs as well as gain a better understanding of Jewish history and the land of Israel. Classes may also include lessons on Jewish ethics and morality. In the earlier years of Hebrew school kids will explore God, spirituality and ethics. For example, God is one, God created the world and God brought us out of Egypt. In order to make Hebrew School a fun atmosphere for learning, and to teach kids the mitzvot of Judaism, kids will bake Challah for Shabbat, have class in a Sukkah during Sukkot or light candles during Hanukkah. These experiences teach kids about the holidays and mitzvot better than just reading about them.
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Preparation.
One of the most important events to take place during Jewish Education is the celebration of the Bar and Bat Mitzvah. Bar/Bat Mitzvah education begins in the 6th and 7th grade, when students are provided with an instructor – usually a rabbi or cantor – and begin studying their torah and haftorah portion by learning to use tropes, or “a system for chanting sacred texts. ” Oftentimes kids will attend Hebrew School with the sole purpose of learning how to read Hebrew for their Bar/Bat Mitzvah. In these cases, the students will mostly learn the Hebrew words that are in the Torah portion they will be reciting.

</doc>
<doc id="2899793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899793" title="Abbots Creek">
Abbots Creek

Abbots Creek is a tributary of Back Creek in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2899799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899799" title="William Crozier (artillerist)">
William Crozier (artillerist)

William Crozier (Carrollton, Ohio, February 19, 1855 – November 11, 1942) was an American artillerist and inventor.
Biography.
Born at Carrollton, Ohio on February 19, 1855, Crozier was the son of Robert Crozier (1827–1895), Chief Justice of Kansas in 1863–1866, and a United States Senator from that state from December 1873 to February 1874. He in turn was descended from Robert Crozier, the General Secretary of The Methodist Conference and famous preacher in Ireland. William's father left Crocknacreevy in County Fermanagh in Ireland to go to the United States. William married Mary Williams on October 31, 1913; she was daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Williams of New London and Washington. The wedding took place at St. George's Church, Hanover Square, London. He is buried Arlington National Cemetery Section East Site S-28 with his wife Mary Williams Crozier.
Crozier's ancestors were of Norman descent and first emerged when they joined the armies of William the Conqueror to invade England in 1066. John Crozier came to Ireland as a Cavalry Officer in 1630 with Lord Strafford, prior to that he came from Redworth Hall, County Durham and his family had been there since 1407. Before that time they were in Westmorland. Robert Crozier in 1262 obtained a grant of land from the Abbot of St Bees in Cumberland. In the family arms, which are used to this day, are four bees and a cross indicating where they obtained their first grant.
The family consisted of Sir William (household steward to John O'Gaunt)and Sir John Crozier, who had many manors in the home counties near to London and lived at Stoke D'Abernon in Surrey. Also in the family was William Crozier in the 15th century who was Canon of Glasgow, Archdeacon of Teviotdale and he held many prebends, was a Papal Legate, one of the founding fathers of St Andrews University and was a Professor of Logic, he is well recorded in history and was connected to the Dougla's.
Crozier graduated at West Point in 1876, was appointed a second lieutenant in the 4th Artillery, and served on the Western frontier for three years against the Sioux and Bannock Indians.
Work.
From 1879 to 1884 Crozier was instructor in mathematics at West Point, and was superintendent of the Watertown, Massachusetts Arsenal from 1884 to 1887. In 1888 he was sent by the War Department to study recent developments in artillery in Europe, and upon his return he was placed in full charge of the construction of gun carriages for the army, and with General Adelbert R. Buffington, the chief of ordnance, he invented the Buffington–Crozier disappearing gun carriage (1893). He also invented a wire-wound gun, and perfected many appliances connected with heavy and field ordnance.
In 1890 Crozier attained the rank of captain. During the Spanish-American War he was inspector-general for the Atlantic and Gulf coast defences. In 1899 he was one of the American delegates to the Peace Conference at the Hague. He later served in the Philippines on the staffs of Generals John C. Bates and Theodore Schwan, and in 1900 was chief of ordnance on the staff of General Adna Chaffee during the China Relief Expedition.
In November 1901 he was appointed brigadier-general and succeeded General Buffington as Chief of Ordnance of the United States Army. He served until 1918, not counting the time he was away at the Army War College in 1912 to 1913. He presided over adoption of such firearms as the famous M1911 to the obscure M1909 Benet-Mercie light machine gun, as well as the end/removal of the last of the 30-06 Gatling Guns from the Army arsenal. In addition, he also oversaw and authorized the various arsenals around the country to donate and sell various condemned cannon for use in town centers, soldier's monuments, and posts for fraternal organizations such as the Grand Army of the Republic. Many of these donated cannon can be seen in these locations to this day. His "Notes on the Construction of Ordnance", published by the war department, were used as text-books in the schools for officers, and he also authored several other important publications on military subjects.
Other very famous firearm systems Crozier presided over the adoption of include the M1903 rifle, the M1918 BAR (adopted in 1917), and the M1917 machine gun, all of which would serve well into the latter half of the 20th century. He also played a role in the rejection of the Lewis Gun by the Army, although it was quickly adopted by the British and used effectively through both World Wars. A few were used by the United States Marine Corps, and eventually, by the Army to a limited degree.
He died at age 87 in 1942.
Gantt chart.
In 1917, after a careful inspection of certain factories in which Henry Gantt had installed his methods, Crozier, then Chief of Ordnance, retained Gantt to act in a consulting capacity on production, first at the Frankford Arsenal, and then, immediately after the declaration of war, in the Ordnance Department at Washington.
Large orders had been placed with arsenals and other manufacturing plants for the production of arms and munitions, but it was difficult to get a comprehensive idea of what progress was being made in the filling of these orders. Quantities had suddenly jumped from hundreds to millions, and it was impossible to convey by means of typewritten tables the significance of such unusual quantities or the time necessary to produce them. Charts of the usual type were unsatisfactory because they did not sufficiently emphasize the time and because of their bulk, since only one item could be put on a sheet.
Gantt concentrated his attention on the development of a method of charting which would show a comparison between performance and promises. Several years previous to this time, he had used a chart on which the work for machines was "laid out" according to the time required to do it. The Gantt Progress Chart, as developed from this early form, was found to help in the making of definite plans and to be highly effective in getting those plans executed. The rate at which the work goes forward is continuously compared with the advance of time, which induces action to accelerate or retard that rate. These charts are not static records of the past they deal with the present and future and their only connection with the past is with respect to its effect upon the future.
Crozier quickly grasped the possibilities of this chart in helping to fix responsibility for action or lack of action and had it introduced in various branches of the Ordnance Department. During 1918 these charts were used in the United States arsenals, in the production of naval aircraft, and in other government work, such as that of the Emergency Fleet, the Shipping Board, etc.
Memorials.
On his death he bequeathed to Philadelphia Museum ' The Crozier Collection ' which is a valuable collection of antique crystal, porcelain and china. This prized collection is today available for public viewing in Philadelphia.
Upon her death Mary Williams Crozier left a considerable sum to West Point for the purposes of the erection of a hall which was built and is called Crozier Hall as a fitting memorial to General William Crozier.
Mary Williams Crozier also left a very considerable balance of her estate in her will to The Connecticut College, New London which is remembered in the form of College Center at Crozier-Williams. It is affectionately known today as The Cro, also a part of the building known as 'Crows Nest'. Already at Connecticut College is The Williams School which represents the Williams Family long connection with New London.

</doc>
<doc id="2899804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899804" title="Ogden Creek">
Ogden Creek

Ogden Creek is a tributary of Back Creek in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.
Joseph Ogden owned land at Mill Creek in Fairfield Township. Presumably, the creek was named after him and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="2899805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899805" title="David D. Kpormakpor">
David D. Kpormakpor

David Donald Kpormakpor (28 September 1935 – 19 August 2010) was a Liberian politician and the first Chairman of the Council of State that ruled Liberia from 7 March 1994 until 1 September 1995 during the height of the First Liberian Civil War.
Born in Bomi County, Kpormakpor graduated from the Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law of the University of Liberia . He later served as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of Liberia. 
During the civil war, Kpormakpor was chosen as the civilian chair of the Council of State, which also included members representing warring factions in an attempt to end the war. Following a year of political stalemate, Kpormakpor and the Council of State disbanded and were succeeded by another council headed by Wilton Sankawulo.
Kpormakpor later moved to the United States, residing on Staten Island. He died in New York in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2899806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899806" title="National Meat Association">
National Meat Association

National Meat Association (NMA) is a non-profit, industry trade association headquartered in Oakland, California. NMA was formed by the merger of Pacific Coast Meat Association, itself formed in 1948, and Western States Meat Packers Association which had launched in 1946 in San Francisco, California. NMA was once known as Western States Meat Association, but has since grown to national prominence with approximately 500 member companies. The association provides expert guidance and regulatory assistance to meat packers and processors. It has a biennial trade show called MEATXPO.

</doc>
<doc id="2899816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899816" title="Wilton G. S. Sankawulo">
Wilton G. S. Sankawulo

Wilton Gbakolo Sengbe Sankawulo, Sr. (July 26, 1937 – February 21, 2009) was a Liberian politician and author.
Biography.
Sankawulo was born in 1937 in Haindii in Lower Bong County. He entered Cuttington College and Divinity School (now Cuttington University) in 1960. He began his literary career there by publishing his short stories in the "Cuttington Review"., the college's literary magazine. Upon his graduation in 1963 he was awarded a fellowship to study at Sacred Theology at the Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary in Berkeley, California. He earned his master's degree in divinity and subsequently attended a writers' workshop at the University of Iowa, which led him to earn a second master's degree in English.
Upon his return to Liberia in the late 1960s, Sankawulo was employed at the Department of Information and Cultural Affairs (now Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism), where he served first in the Press Bureau and was later appointed Director of the Overseas Press Bureau. During this time, he maintained a teaching position at the University of Liberia, where he rose to the post of Associate Professor from 1985 until 1990. He also taught English and Literature at his alma mater, Cuttington.
Sankawulo began his fame as a writer in the early 1970s. In 1974, he published "The Marriage of Wisdom, and Other Tales", a collection of Liberian stories. He subsequently published "Why Nobody Knows When He Will Die". In 1979, he wrote a novel, "The Rain and the Night". He also authored "Sundown at Dawn: A Liberian Odyssey" and produced an anthology of African stories entitled "More Modern African African Stories".
When William R. Tolbert became President in 1971, Sankawulo, while still in the employ of the Ministry of Information, wrote a biography of the new president entitled "Tolbert of Liberia". After serving as Research Specialist at the Ministry of Information, Sankawulo was transferred to the Executive Mansion, where he spent almost a year as Assistant Minister of State for Presidential Affairs. He served as Director General of the Cabinet from 1983 until 1985 and subsequently as Special Assistant for Academic Affairs to President Samuel K. Doe. It was in the latter position, as Doe's teacher, that he helped Doe to complete his academic work, leading to Doe's graduation from the University of Liberia in 1989.
Sankawulo served as the leader of Liberia from September 1, 1995, until September 3, 1996, as chairman of the Council of State, which then governed Liberia. The council functioned as a collective presidency of the Liberia National Transitional Government. His predecessor, from March 1994 to September 1995, was David Kpomakpor. The council of state consisted of a civilian chair and members Charles Taylor, United Liberation Movement of Liberia for Democracy-K leader Alhaji Kromah, Liberia Peace Council leader George Boley, and two other civilians.
Sankawulo stepped down from office on September 3, 1996, and was succeeded by Ruth Perry as chairwoman of this Council of State, who served until August 2, 1997, when she handed power to Charles Taylor, following elections held in July 1997.
Sankawulo died from congestive heart failure on February 21, 2009. He was 71 years old. He had been hospitalised for three weeks prior to his death at the John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital in Monrovia.

</doc>
<doc id="2899818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899818" title="Index of Morocco-related articles">
Index of Morocco-related articles

This is a list of topics related to Morocco. You can also visit .

</doc>
<doc id="2899821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899821" title="MMSc">
MMSc

MMSc may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2899822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899822" title="Spinosauridae">
Spinosauridae

Spinosauridae is a family of specialised theropod dinosaurs. Members of this family were large, bipedal predators with elongated, crocodile-like skulls, sporting conical teeth with no or only very tiny serrations. The front dentary teeth fanned out, giving the animal a characteristic look. The name of this family alludes to the typically conspicuous sail-like structure protruding from the back of species in the type genus, "Spinosaurus". The purpose of the sail is disputed; while popular explanations are that it may have served as a thermoregulator, a threat display, or as a sexual display during courtship, some palaeontologists rather interpret the neural spine elongation in "Spinosaurus" as a support of a muscular/fatty hump.
Spinosaurid fossils have been recovered in Africa, Europe, South America, Asia, and Australia.
Evolutionary history.
The first spinosaurids appeared during the Late Jurassic and became abundant in the Early Cretaceous. So far, the Late Jurassic record of spinosaurids consists only of referred teeth, dating to 155 million years ago. They seem to have declined sharply in the Cenomanian, and while teeth from the Turonian of Argentina have been attributed to spinosaurid dinosaurs, but they recently turned out to be crurotarsan teeth. Some are known to have persisted into the mid-Santonian, represented by a single baryonychine tooth found in the Majiacun Formation of Henan, China.
Paleobiology.
Predatory behavior.
Studies of spinosaurids (specifically of "Irritator") have shown that they had a very different skull shape and construction compared to other large predatory dinosaurs like "Allosaurus" and "Tyrannosaurus". In most predatory dinosaurs, the jaws were broad either in width, height, or both, while spinosaurid jaws were thin and narrow. This lead paleontologists like Sues, Frey and Martill to conclude that spinosaurids, unlike other theropods, were not specialized in attacking large, struggling prey.
Sues and colleagues studied the construction of the spinosaurid skull, and concluded that their mode of feeding was to use extremely quick, powerful strikes to seize small prey items with the jaws, employing the powerful neck muscles in rapid up and down motion. Due to the narrow snout, powerful side to side motion of the skull in prey capture is unlikely.
Diet.
Spinosaurids have in the past often been considered mainly fish-eaters (piscivores), based on comparisons of their jaws with the jaws of modern crocodilians. Rayfield and colleagues, in 2007, were the first to conduct actual biomechanical studies on a spinosaurid skull (using the European spinosaurid "Baryonyx"). They found that the structure and bite force of baryonychine jaws was almost identical to modern gharials, supporting the idea that at least baryonychines were mainly fish-eaters, though the jaws of spinosaurines appear to have been more generalized. However, a study by Cuff and Rayfield (2013) on the skulls of "Spinosaurus" and "Baryonyx" concluded that bio-mechanical data suggests that these spinosaurs were not obligate piscivores and that their diet was more closely associated with the individual spinosaur's size. The characteristic rostral morphology of these spinosaurs allowed their jaws to resist bending in the vertical direction, particularly in "Baryonyx walkeri", but the jaws of both species were poorly adapted with respect to resisting lateral bending.
Direct fossil evidence shows that spinosaurids fed on fish as well as a variety of other small to medium-sized animals, including small dinosaurs. "Baryonyx" was found with fish scales and the digested bones of a young "Iguanodon" in its stomach cavity, and there is one documented example of a spinosaurid having eaten a pterosaur. It is likely that spinosaurids were generalists specializing in small prey of any kind, fish included.
Habitat.
A 2010 publication by Romain Amiot and colleagues found that oxygen isotope ratios of spinosaurid bones indicates semiaquatic lifestyles. Isotope ratios from teeth from the spinosaurids "Baryonyx", "Irritator", "Siamosaurus", and "Spinosaurus" were compared with isotopic compositions from contemporaneous theropods, turtles, and crocodilians. The study found that, among theropods, spinosaurid isotope ratios were closer to those of turtles and crocodilians. "Siamosaurus" specimens tended to have the largest difference from the ratios of other theropods, and "Spinosaurus" tended to be have the least difference. The authors concluded that spinosaurids, like modern crocodilians and hippopotamuses, spent much of their daily lives in water. The authors also suggested that semiaquatic habits and piscivory in spinosaurids can explain how spinosaurids coexisted with other large theropods: by feeding on different prey items and living in different habitats, the different types of theropods would have been out of direct competition.
Taxonomy.
The family Spinosauridae was named by Ernst Stromer in 1915 to include the single genus "Spinosaurus". The family was expanded as more close relatives of "Spinosaurus" were uncovered. The first cladistic definition of Spinosauridae was provided by Paul Sereno in 1998 (as "All spinosaurids closer to "Spinosaurus" than to "Torvosaurus").
Spinosauridae contains two subfamilies—Spinosaurinae and Baryonychinae. The subfamily Spinosaurinae was named by Sereno in 1998, and defined by Holtz "et al." (2004) as all taxa closer to "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus" than to "Baryonyx walkeri". The subfamily Baryonychinae was named by Charig & Milner in 1986. They erected both the subfamily and the family Baryonychidae for the newly discovered "Baryonyx", before it was referred to the Spinosauridae. Their subfamily was defined by Holtz "et al." in 2004, as the complementary clade of all taxa closer to "Baryonyx walkeri" than to "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus".

</doc>
<doc id="2899827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899827" title="Lorne Henderson">
Lorne Henderson

Lorne Henderson (October 31, 1920 – February 7, 2002) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1985, and was a cabinet minister in the government of William Davis. Henderson was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Background.
He was born in Enniskillen, Ontario and received a grade eight education in the area. Henderson worked as a hog farmer before entering political life. 
Politics.
He was a member of the Enniskillen council from 1946 to 1949, deputy reeve from 1950 to 1951, and reeve from 1952 to 1957. His career in municipal politics culminated when he was named Warden of Lambton County in 1957.
Henderson was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1963 provincial election, defeating Liberal Party candidate Russell Watson by 874 votes in Lambton East. He served as a backbench supporter of John Robarts's government, and initially continued in this role when Davis succeeded Robarts as premier in 1971. He was re-elected with an increased majority in the elections of 1967 and 1971, and with a reduced majority in 1975.
He was appointed to cabinet on October 7, 1975 as a Minister without portfolio responsible for Housing, and was promoted to Chairman of Cabinet on February 3, 1977. Re-elected again in the 1977 election, he appointed as Minister of Government Services on January 21, 1978, and as Minister of Agriculture and Food on August 30, 1979. Henderson was most proud of his work in the Agriculture portfolio, although reviews from the farming community and his department staff were often less than flattering.
He was re-elected with a landslide majority in the 1981 election, and was named Provincial Secretary for Resource Development on February 13, 1982. He resigned from cabinet entirely on July 6, 1983. Henderson supported Frank Miller to succeed Davis as party leader in 1985, and did not campaign in that year's election.
Henderson was notorious for both his poor grammar and his ability to win government patronage. When the Charlotte Eleanor Englehart Petrolia Hospital in his constituency received a $160,000 donation in 1975, Henderson delivered it with the line, "Me and the premier brung you this cheque". He also possessed a remarkable ability to remember people's names after having only met them once and would often set-up appointments on Saturday afternoons with constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="2899831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899831" title="MMSC">
MMSC

MMSC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2899838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899838" title="Indian Council of Agricultural Research">
Indian Council of Agricultural Research

The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi, India is an autonomous organisation under the Department of Agricultural Research and Education, Ministry of Agriculture, government of India. Formerly known as the Imperial Council of Agricultural Research, it was established in 1929 as a registered society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 in pursuance of the report of the Royal Commission on Agriculture. ICAR has its headquarters at New Delhi.
The Council is the apex body for coordinating, guiding and managing research and education in agriculture including horticulture, fisheries and animal sciences in the country. It has 99 ICAR institutes and 53 agricultural universities spread across the country.
The ICAR has played a role in enabling the country to increase the production of foodgrains by four, horticultural crops by six, fish by nine (marine five and inland 17, milk six times and eggs 27 times since 1950..
Union Minister of Agriculture, Sharad Pawar is President and Dr. S. Ayyappan is Director General of ICAR.
Mandate.
The Committee to Advise on Renovation and Rejuvenation of Higher Education (Yashpal Committee, 2009) has recommended setting up of a constitutional body — the National Commission for Higher Education and Research — which would be a unified supreme body to regulate all branches of higher education including agricultural education. Presently, regulation of agricultural education is the mandate of ICAR, Veterinary Council of India (Veterinary sub-discipline) and Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (Forestry sub-discipline). The UPA government has included Yashpal Committee recommendations in its '100 days agenda'.
Organization.
ICAR has the following organizational structure :
ICAR has two bodies:
ICAR institutions.
As of September 2009 ICAR has following institutions,:
ICAR Headquarters.
Indian Council of Agricultural Research's headquarters is in New Delhi.
Examination system.
All India Agriculture Entrance Exam is an entrance exam for students to get into the institution.
Agricultural Research Service.
The Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB) conducts all India competitive examination Agricultural Research Service (ARS), to recruit posts in the ARS of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).
Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board.
The Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB) website) was established on 1 November 1973 as an independent recruitment agency for all the posts of ICAR in pursuance of the recommendations of the Gajendragadkar Committee.
Mandate as per the official ASRB website is follows:-

</doc>
<doc id="2899843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899843" title="Freddy Bienstock">
Freddy Bienstock

Freddy Bienstock (April 24, 1923 - September 20, 2009) was an American music publisher who built his career in music by being the person responsible for soliciting and selecting songs for Elvis Presley's early albums and films.
Early life.
Bienstock was born to a Jewish family in Switzerland on April 24, 1923, and relocated to Vienna with his family when he was three-years old. After the Anschluss, He immigrated to the United States in 1938, just before the outbreak of World War II, with his brother Johnny Bienstock, who later founded Big Top Records. The family ended up settling in New York after his parents came to the U.S. in 1940.
Music career.
After visiting a cousin, Jean Aberbach, who worked as an executive with Chappell Music at New York City's Brill Building, Bienstock found employment in the stock room there. He worked his way up to song plugger, offering sheet music for new songs to their prospective performers. He was hired in the 1950s by Hill & Range, a music publishing firm owned by his cousins Jean and Julian Aberbach that had long specialized in country music. There, Bienstock was given the task of finding songs for the company's most promising performer, Elvis Presley, supplying him with such songs by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller as "Don't" and "Jailhouse Rock", two of the King's earliest hit songs.
Originally not a fan of rock and roll, Bienstock developed an ear for the music that Presley would want. At his Brill Building "factory", he would get prospective songs from the songwriting teams of Burt Bacharach and Hal David, Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman, Sid Tepper and Roy C. Bennett, as well as from Leiber and Stoller, and take them to Memphis, Tennessee, where Presley would make his choices. Leiber recalled how "Mike and I would stay up all night and write" a song after Bienstock requested a tune for Presley that he said was needed by the next morning, and that needed to be delivered the next day regardless of quality. Bienstock would claim that "for the first 12 years of his career, Elvis wouldn’t look at a song unless I’d seen it already."
In the 1960s, Bienstock was charged with finding material for Presley's musical films, requiring about ten original songs for each movie, with as many as four films produced annually. With so many songwriters anxious to get their songs published and performed by Presley, Bienstock was successful in demanding that a substantial portion of royalties that the writer would normally receive would be given to Presley and Hill & Range, a practice that has been called "the Elvis Tax". But as Presley's popularity, as well as his record sales, plummeted as the decade wore on, this practice became less and less frequent. Accomplished songwriters were not willing to turn over publishing rights and the prospect of Elvis recording one of their songs became unappealing. 
Bienstock purchased Belinda Music, Hill & Range's subsidiary in the UK, in 1966 and changed its name to Carlin Music to honor his daughter. This company became the basis for many further music publishing acquisitions, building the firm's catalog to 100,000 songs. He acquired Chappell Music from PolyGram in 1984 — marking his elevation from storeroom clerk to become the firm's primary shareholder and president three decades later — in a deal valued at $100 million, with Bienstock owning 15% of the company. At the time of the acquisition, Chappell was the world's largest music publisher, holding copyrights on 400,000 song titles and netting $30 million annually on gross revenues of $80 million. He sold the company to Time Warner in 1988. Hudson Bay Music Company, a music publishing firm that he established together with Leiber and Stoller, remained in business until 1980.
Carlin America was formed in 1994, and controlled the rights to such music as the 1956 R&B song "Fever" that became a traditional pop music standard when modified by Peggy Lee, "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" by the Australian rock group AC/DC and Meat Loaf's "Paradise by the Dashboard Light". By the time of his death, Carlin America's catalog included Broadway theatre, classical, country music, pop classic standards.
Bienstock was the CEO and President of Carlin Music and Carlin America, and was on the board of directors of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP).
Death.
Bienstock died at age 86 on September 20, 2009, at his home in Manhattan. He was survived by his wife, Miriam Bienstock, who had become a partner in Atlantic Records after acquiring an ownership stake from her first husband Herb Abramson. He was also survived by his daughter Caroline, the namesake of Carlin Music and Carlin America and his successor on the board of the National Music Publishers Association and who served as COO of Carlin America at the time of Bienstock's death. A son also had been an executive in the family business and there were five grandchildren surviving him.

</doc>
<doc id="2899846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899846" title="Nantuxent Creek">
Nantuxent Creek

Nantuxent Creek is a estuary of Delaware Bay in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.
It rises on the border of Lawrence and Downe Townships, in the marshes to the northwest of Newport, at the convergence of Middle Brook and Pages Run. It forms part of the border between the two townships. As it runs south, then west around Jones Island, it passes the Nantuxent Wildlife Management Area, which lies on the island, and Newport Landing on the other bank. Its named tributaries are all marsh channels which enter it in the vicinity of Jones Island or below. The creek empties into Nantuxent Cove of Delaware Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="2899861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899861" title="Waldenström">
Waldenström

Waldenström may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2899869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899869" title="Historical characters in the Southern Victory Series">
Historical characters in the Southern Victory Series

The Southern Victory Series is a series of alternate history novels written by Harry Turtledove. The point of divergence involves Confederate States of America winning the American Civil War and becoming an independent nation. The series covers events from 1862 to 1944 and features dozens of characters, some of whom were historical figures.
Historical characters.
Abdul Mejid II.
Abdul Mejid II became the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire sometime after the Great War. He was responsible for continuing the Armenian genocide through the 1920s. Despite protests from the United States and Germany, the Sultan continued the killings until there were few remaining Armenians left in Turkey.
Adams, John.
John Adams served as the second President of the United States, as he did in real life. After the War of Secession, he and the other Northerner Founding Fathers such as Benjamin Franklin and Alexander Hamilton were treated more favorably.
During the 1900s, Adams's portrait was used on the five dollar bill.
Alexandrovich, Michael.
Michael Alexandrovich is the Grand Duke (and later Emperor) of Russia. With the Red Russian Revolt smashed, and the tsarist government still in control of a post-Great War Russia, "Grand Duke Michael" took the throne as Michael II. He joined his allies in 1941 to wage war against the Central Powers. He condemned the German atomic bomb attack on Petrograd, the city of which he had escaped prior to the attack, but later was forced to request an armistice from Germany and to relinquish the throne.
Arango, Doroteo.
During the Great War, Doroteo Arango (known by the "nom de guerre" "Pancho Villa" in our timeline) was the Radical Liberal presidential candidate in the 1915 elections. He promised he would fight the war against the United States even harder than Woodrow Wilson did. He is also the first non-white candidate to seriously run for the presidency of the Confederacy and showed the wartime strains on the ruling Whig Party, as the war dragged on and the United States' numbers and the Red Rebellion started to strain the Confederates. Interestingly enough, he was not opposed due to his ethnicity (Mixed "Mestizo" Mexican), only his political views. The Mexican Revolution in which our timeline's Pancho Villa had a major role has its counterpart in the Republican revolt against the Habsburg Emperors of this timeline's Mexico, which is crushed with the help of Freedom Party stalwarts. However, in the Confederate-annexed parts of Mexico, it is the Freedom Party itself which mobilises the peasants to overthrow the centuries-old rule of the big landowners.
Baum, L. Frank.
In a rather odd move on Turtledove's part, L. Frank Baum is introduced as an American fighter pilot early in the Great War, this despite the fact that Baum was aged 58 in 1914. Somewhere along the line, Baum still becomes a children's author. Only his book "Queen Zixi of Ix" is mentioned by name, but because the book is an offshoot of the "Wizard of Oz" series, we can assume he still wrote his most famous book.
Bernstein, Carl.
Sergeant Carl Bernstein is in charge of a U.S. Army counterintelligence squadron that specializes in detecting wiretaps. He is sent to check Congresswoman Flora Blackford's office for bugs. Among his team are a 'Bob' (possibly Bob Woodward or H. R. Haldeman) and 'Dick' (almost certainly Richard Nixon). However, this is an obvious anachronism, as the Bernstein of our timeline was not born until 1944.
Black, Hugo.
Hugo Black was the Whig Party's Vice-Presidential nominee in 1933 during the Freedom electoral sweep. He ran with James Longstreet's grandson, and was caught in a riot against Freedom Party stalwarts during the 1932 Election Riots. The Longstreet-Black ticket lost in a landslide to the Featherston-Knight ticket.
Blaine, James G..
James G. Blaine was the second and last Republican president of the United States. He was also known as the only other president to start a war (over the CSA's purchase of the states of Chihuahua and Sonora, giving the Confederacy a Pacific port) and to lose the war as well. At the end of The Second Mexican War, Blaine started the U.S. tradition of Remembrance Day and also started the alliance with the German Empire, which developed into The Central Powers of the Great War.
Bogart, Humphrey.
In this timeline, Humphrey Bogart still became a movie actor. He starred in the movie "The Maltese Elephant", which is an analog of our timeline's "The Maltese Falcon" ("The Maltese Elephant" is also the name of a short story in Harry Turtledove's short story collection "Counting Up, Counting Down"). Armstrong Grimes thought of Bogart when he learned that his aunt Clara was marrying someone named Humphrey Baxter.
Bohr, Niels.
There is no mention of Denmark taking any part in either of the Great Wars, and it seems to have succeeded in maintaining its neutrality. However, Niels Bohr is mentioned as having been persuaded by Einstein to come over to Germany and take part in its atomic weapons program.
Booth, John Wilkes.
With the South having gained its independence, John Wilkes Booth's political sympathies are fulfilled. He and his elder brother Edwin Booth remain popular stage actors into the 1880s.
Borah, William Edgar.
Herbert Hoover's running mate (Hoover became president after president-elect Calvin Coolidge died and did not have a vice president) in the 1936 election, William Edgar Borah had even some of the most loyal Democrats saying that his vice presidential opponent, Charles La Follette, would make a better VP.
Borden, Robert.
Robert Borden becomes Prime Minister of Canada during the Great War years in both our history and Turtledove's novels. When Canada was ceded to the U.S. after the war, his government was ejected from the occupied territory.
Brown, John.
Following the U.S. defeat in the Second Mexican War, John Brown became a national hero. He was not seen so after the War of Secession. Many towns raised memorials to John Brown because of his attacks on the 'slavocrats' in Virginia ("He saw the coiled serpent and attacked it!"), particularly in Kansas.
Brown, Mordecai.
Known only as "Mordecai" in the series, Mordecai "Three Finger" Brown, instead of becoming a Hall of Fame pitcher, was a crewman on the "USS Dakota" during the Great War. Sam Carsten noted how Mordecai could work as if he had ten fingers, instead of eight, which was the result of a childhood accident. By 1934, Mordecai was the foreman at a Los Angeles construction company; one of his employees was Chester Martin, who had moved from Toledo as a result of the Business Collapse. By the late 1930s, however, Mordecai lost many of his workers, including Martin, as a result of a worker's strike.
Cannon, Clarence.
A Socialist Congressman from Missouri, Clarence Cannon becomes Speaker of the House during the Smith Administration.
Castro, Fidel.
Known by his first name only, Fidel Castro is a young leader of an anti-Freedom Party group in Confederate Cuba, working closely with the United States which sends him clandestine shipments of arms and ammunition.
Carter, Jimmy.
A Confederate Navy sailor, Jimmy Carter (1924-1942) was on leave and found himself informally in charge of the defense of his hometown of Plains, Georgia when the black rebels raided the town. He was killed by Jonathan Moss in front of his mother, "Miss Lillian".
Chapman, Ben.
Instead of becoming notorious in the baseball world for his attitude towards Jackie Robinson, Ben Chapman serves in the Freedom Party guards as a Chief Assault Band Leader (a captain in Army ranking). His first and only appearance in the books is when he shows up at Camp Dependable in the dead of night to drop off Willy Knight as a political prisoner.
Chaney, Lon.
Lon Chaney, Sr. appeared as a silent movie star in "The Phantom of the Catacombs", which is probably an analog of our timeline's "The Phantom of the Opera."
Charles I of Austria.
Charles I of Austria still holds the throne of Austria-Hungary well into the Second Great War. In 1943, he and Tsar Michael trade public insults as to whose country God hates more.
Turtledove does not spend much time on the monarchy of Austria-Hungary. Indeed, the only reference to Charles is the one described above. But with Austria victorious at the end of World War I, Charles would not have abdicated as in real history, and so would have avoided dying of pneumonia in 1922 while living in Portugal.
Churchill, Winston.
Winston Churchill, in this timeline as in the real one, was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He leads his nation into the Second Great War on what appears to be a platform of rearmament, restoration of the British Empire's former borders, and a military alliance with France and Russia aimed at reversing the German Reich's dominant position in the world.
Although he was a member of the Conservative Party, his government's actions were strongly influenced by Silver Shirt leader Oswald Mosley, who wielded much greater power and influence in the right-leaning revanchist Britain. In our timeline Mosley's British Union of Fascists were known as Blackshirts, though Turtledove may be referencing the American fascist group linked to Bruno Hauptmann and the Lindbergh Baby case. It is unknown how his half-American heritage has influenced his relationship with the USA or whether his mother was still Jennie Jerome, born in the Cobble Hill section of Brooklyn.
Churchill authorized the British superbomb attack on Hamburg, and retaliated to the German superbomb attacks on London, Norwich, and Brighton by sending a plane with a second superbomb to attack Germany. However, the plane was shot down over Belgium, all but ending Britain's chances to defeat Germany. Churchill was then ousted as Prime Minister in a no-confidence vote, and was succeeded by Horace Wilson, who sought a cease-fire with Germany.
Clemens, Samuel.
Samuel Clemens does not become famous in this timeline as the novelist, travel writer, and essayist Mark Twain. Here he has lost his family's valuable land in Tennessee, and settles down with a family in San Francisco where he becomes the editor of the "San Francisco Morning Call", known for his very sarcastic war editorials in the 1880s during the Second Mexican War. His journalistic work keeps him occupied full-time and he never takes up writing books. 
Clemens had children in this world, just as he had in real life. Unlike our world, one of his offspring grew up to have a famous life in the journalism industry: Ophelia Clemens. It was never revealed whatever happened to his other child, Orion.
Collins, Michael.
General Michael Collins lead a rebellion against the British Empire during the Great War, supported by the United States and Germany, and became first president of the Republic of Ireland when this country achieved independence in 1917. In the early 1920s Collins lead the Irish Army against a pro-British Protestant uprising in Ulster and suppressed it with the help of American and German warships.
Coolidge, Calvin.
Calvin Coolidge was the Democratic governor of Massachusetts and then the Democratic nominee for president in 1928. He lost that election to Hosea Blackford, and when he called Blackford to concede the race, he warned him that a "bull market going as high as it is, will fall". Blackford thought it was just sour grapes and paid no heed. When Coolidge's words came true in 1929 and the Socialists and Blackford were blamed for the crash, he was nominated on the Democratic ticket again in 1932 with Herbert Hoover as his running mate. He won the 1932 election in a landslide. However, on January 5, 1933, President-elect Coolidge suffured a heart attack while shaving and died, less than a month before he would be inaugurated on February 1. (Coolidge died on the same date as did in real life, but after he served as president from 1923 to 1929). Herbert Hoover took his place as President-elect and would go on to be inaugurated as the thirty first President of the United States on February 1.
Curley, Jim.
Congressman Jim Curley of Massachusetts was the Socialist Party's candidate for Vice President in the 1944 election. Flora Blackford questioned this choice because of his role in the Boston Socialist political machine, though she figured the Kansas City Democratic machine was more corrupt. The Socialist ticket of Charles La Follete and Curley lost to the Democratic ticket of Tom Dewey and Harry Truman.
Custer, George Armstrong.
In this timeline, George Custer was not killed fighting Indians in 1876, as this smaller United States appears to have attempted to salve its wounded national pride following the War of Secession by unleashing a much larger US Army upon the Native American tribes, thus compressing the conquest of the Great Plains into what appears to be a much shorter timescale. He served in Utah and Montana during the Second Mexican War (where he met Theodore Roosevelt). His forces helped defeat General Gordon's invasion of Montana (after the cease-fire, as the Canadians later complained, although at the time neither he nor the Canadians had heard of it.) In the Great War, he was a lieutenant general in the United States Army and commanded the First Army forces in Tennessee. He was personally vain, using peroxide to bleach his grey hair and mustache despite his advanced age. As a Great War commander, he was unsuited for trench warfare, insisting on mounting large assaults on enemy lines instead of winning by attrition. However, his strategies were perfectly suited for "barrels," the timeline's term for tanks. Once they were introduced in force he crafted the "Barrel Roll Offensive," an armored breakthrough which ultimately won the Great War for the U.S.
Following the war, Custer was appointed to command the occupation forces in Canada, where he survived a few assassination attempts. Custer was forced into retirement following the election of Upton Sinclair as President. He was buried next to Theodore Roosevelt near Robert E. Lee's house in Arlington, Virginia. His extraordinarily lengthy career is roughly analogous to that of the German general Paul von Hindenburg in our timeline.
Custer, Thomas.
Tom Custer, in this timeline, was not killed in 1876 alongside his brother George at Little Big Horn. He fought alongside his brother during the Second Mexican War in both Utah and Montana. In 1881, Tom was killed during the fighting in Montana; this led to his brother George developing a lifelong hatred of the Canadians.
Daniels, Josephus.
Although being of Southern origins, Josephus Daniels served as Secretary of the U.S. Navy during the Great War. A destroyer escort was named after him in the Second Great War. 
Darrow, Clarence.
With no Southern states to interfere with the teaching of evolution, Clarence Darrow practiced criminal law in the United States. He was famous enough to convince the State of Kentucky (and the Kentucky State Police head Luther Bliss) that it was wrong in holding Cincinnatus Driver on trumped-up charges.
Davis, Richard Harding.
Richard Harding Davis was a journalist and war correspondent in this timeline as well as ours. He was famous for coverage of the Hispano-Japanese War of 1905, and was a thorn in the side of General George Armstrong Custer. He died of a heart attack in 1916 observing the trench fighting in the Great War. (In our timeline, he died in the same year of the same cause, but in New York City instead of a war zone.)
Debs, Eugene V..
Senator Eugene V. Debs was one of the first Socialists to be elected to Congress after the split of the Republican Party. He was the Socialist Party candidate for President in 1908, 1912 and 1916. He ran unsuccessfully for president against Teddy Roosevelt twice, and was a strong opponent of U.S. involvement in the Great War.
Dewey, George.
George Dewey is the admiral who commands the successful U.S. attack on the Sandwich Islands early the Great War, in 1914. There are passing similarities between this fictional battle and the real Battle of Manila Bay.
Dewey may or may not have commanded the Navy during the Battle of the Three Navies—the commander is never named. If it is not Dewey, it is Bradley Fiske, who evidently succeeded Dewey. It should be noted that Dewey would have been 77 at the time of the Battle, and Fiske was over a decade younger.
Dewey, Thomas E..
Thomas Dewey was governor of New York when he received the Democratic nomination for President in 1944. He and his running mate Harry S. Truman defeat the incumbent Charles La Follete. His victory is partially attributed to pointing out that the CSA was able to regain strength and attack the United States on the watch of three Socialist Presidents (conveniently downplaying Democrat Herbert Hoover, who made no efforts to stop the CSA). Upon his election, he presents two foreign policy positions. First, he calls for the reintegration of the C.S. into the U.S. Second, he calls for a continued partnership between the United States and the German Empire to police the world against other countries developing atomic weapons.
Dewey's victory might be intended to parallel Clement Attlee's surprising landslide victory over Winston Churchill at the end of the Second World War in our timeline. His U.S.-German partnership is reminiscent of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Four Policemen idea.
Dietl, Eduard.
Major Eduard Dietl of the Austro-Hungarian army was an observer attached to Irving Morrell's unit during the 1916 campaign in the Canadian Rockies. While Turtledove made him an Austro-Hungarian officer, real-life Dietl was a member of the German army.
Douglass, Frederick.
Frederick Douglass was still trying to tell the United States of the suffering of the African-American slaves in the Confederacy twenty years after the War of Secession. His pleas were heard only by the small minority of freedmen in the USA and a handful of whites. He also, ironically, becomes one of the first people (in his mind) to approve of the "Revenge" mindset that the United States picked up in the Second Mexican War in fighting the CSA.
Duchamp, Marcel.
Marcel Duchamp, in this timeline, is still a famous artist, but this time his appeal in North America is limited to the upper-crust of the Confederacy. He tried to have an affair with Anne Colleton, and at least one of his works was destroyed in the burning of Marshlands Plantation during the 1915 Red Rebellion.
Edward VIII.
With relations between the USA and the UK so bad in this timeline, Edward VIII never meets Wallis Simpson, and so never abdicates his throne. He is still the king of the United Kingdom when Germany drops a superbomb on London. Sam Carsten guesses that Edward VIII and his family got out of London even before the RAF hit Hamburg, knowing that the Germans would strike back.
Einstein, Albert.
Albert Einstein is a German physicist who was believed to have been working on an atomic bomb project in Europe. Along with several other leading German and Austro-Hungarian physicists, Einstein disappeared from public view in 1942. Not long afterwards, the United States, along with Germany and Austria-Hungary, were suspected of beginning atomic bomb programs. Since in this world Germany never became Nazi and there were no persecutions of Jews, he has no problem in contributing to the German war effort, especially as the war begins with Germany being attacked and invaded.
Fields, W.C..
W.C. Fields still becomes a film comic, and retains his trademark line "All things considered, I'd rather be in Philadelphia," perhaps inspired by the city becoming the de facto capital of the USA.
Fiske, Bradley.
Bradley Fiske is a rear admiral during the Great War. He is the force commander of the U.S. fleet that assists Chile in its war against Argentina in 1917. He appears briefly to congratulate Sam Carsten and Vic Crosetti for tipping off the military to Hawaiian spy John Liholiho.
It is quite possible that he was also in overall command during the Battle of the Three Navies, fighting the Japanese and British to a draw and frustrating their efforts to retake the Sandwich Islands from the United States. However, his name is not mentioned. If it was not Fiske, it was probably his predecessor, George Dewey.
Foch, Ferdinand.
Ferdinand Foch is a major, the French Military Attaché to Washington, at the onset of the Second Mexican War. With his German opposite number Alfred von Schlieffen, and an unnamed British army captain, he accompanies U.S. Secretary of State Hannibal Hamlin and Captain Saul Berryman (U.S. Army) under a flag of truce to the Long Bridge outside Washington D.C. The truce, called by C.S. President James Longstreet and C.S. General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson, is designed to declare Washington D.C. an open city, sparing its destruction. The Confederate proposal is rejected by Berryman, under the authority of U.S. Commanding General Rosecrans. The French and British are declared "personae non gratae" and asked to leave the United States.
Forrest, Nathan Bedford III.
In this timeline, the great-grandson of Nathan Bedford Forrest was the head of the Confederate General Staff. Instead of airplane warfare, Nathan Bedford Forrest III, was a tank expert. Forrest was valued by Featherston because he was unafraid to tell the President the truth about how the war was going, instead of being a "yes man" and only telling him what he wanted to hear. When an increasingly stubborn Featherston rejects Forrest's advice to cut short the Pittsburgh Campaign, thus dooming Patton's entire army of irreplaceable veterans to death or surrender, he begins plotting with Clarence Potter based on concerns about Featherston's sanity and whether new leadership was needed, for Forrest fears a Confederate loss and what the Yankees would do if they defeated the Confederacy again.
With the Confederate war effort collapsing, Forrest attempted to execute a coup to oust Featherston in 1944, analogous to the July 20 Plot, but was thwarted by the President. Forrest never revealed that he had ever discussed the failed coup with Potter. Eventually, Forrest was killed off for his attempt.
Foulke, William Dudley.
This American politician, lawyer, and poet appears at the beginning of "How Few Remain". Before the war starts William Foulke is an infantry captain of the United States Army. Jeb Stuart wonders what a stuck-up young man is doing out west. He reappears in 1915 as Irving Morrell's divisional commander in southeastern Kentucky.
Foxx, Jimmie.
Instead of becoming a Hall of Fame first baseman, Jimmie Foxx was a running back in the U.S. football league. His name was used as a password in Irving Morrell's army to identify Confederate spies.
Franklin, Benjamin.
As a Pennsylvanian man, Benjamin Franklin remained a favorite Founding Father after the War of Secession along with John Adams and Alexander Hamilton. A profile of Franklin's face was printed on stamps issued in American Occupied Canada after the Great War.
Flora Hamburger once quoted Franklin's warning "Those who would trade essential liberty for a little temporary security deserve neither liberty nor security" in a floor debate in the House of Representatives--which incidentally met in Independence Hall.
Former president Abraham Lincoln also quoted Franklin to his host when he visited Salt Lake City in 1881.
Garfield, James.
Senator James Garfield is one of the Republican Party leaders who gather in Chicago to discuss the party's future. He is more conservative than former president Lincoln and wishes not to make the party more radical.
Gehrig, Lou.
Lou Gehrig played professional football in this timeline as a member of the Philadelphia Barrels team. When asked about earning more money than President Blackford, he responded, "I had a better year than he did," echoing Babe Ruth's comments about President Hoover in our timeline.
Geronimo.
Geronimo led a band of Apache warriors into an alliance with Jeb Stuart's army during the Second Mexican War. The alliance would not outlast the war. He led a rebellion against the Confederates following a dispute in territory occupied in New Mexico. During this, one of Geronimo's men shot and killed Stuart, which consequently led the Confederate Army to all but wipe the Apache tribes out.
Goldwater, Barry.
Barry Goldwater was a Democratic Congressman from New Mexico noted for his anti-Mormon speeches and rabble rousing during the days and months leading up to Second Great War. (Note that the New Mexico of this timeline included Arizona, home to our timeline's Goldwater.)
Grant, Ulysses S..
General Ulysses Grant, in the twenty years after the War of Secession, is a broken down, poor man. Known for his victories in a war the United States had few in, he was one of the few people left in the United States who supported the plight of the African-Americans in both North American republics. Grant died from complications from alcoholism.
Greenberg, Hank.
Instead of becoming a Hall of Fame first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, Hank Greenberg was a prominent U.S. running back. His name was used as a code in Irving Morrell's army to prevent Confederate spies from infiltrating U.S. lines.
Guderian, Heinz.
Captain Heinz Guderian of the German Imperial Army was an observer attached to Irving Morrell's unit during the 1916 campaign in the Canadian Rockies. He expressed a more strategic view of the fighting than Major Dietl, noting that fighting is done for a purpose. He then displays his great insight into warfare by adding that the point of battle is to get behind the enemy and "smash him up". (In our timeline, Guderian was one of the masterminds of Germany's Blitzkrieg tactics, in which the main goal is indeed to get behind the enemy and attack where the enemy is more vulnerable.) Due to a desire to stay in the field rather than return to a desk position, Guderian stays with Morrell after Major Dietl returns to Austria, and accompanies him back to Philadelphia, during which they meet Luther Bliss and the new Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky. Guderian makes another appearance, now as a Lieutenant Colonel, in occupied Canada in 1926, when he shows up in Kamloops, British Columbia, and asks Colonel Morrell for a tour of western Canada. He is accompanied by his aide-de-camp Adolf Hitler, whose anti-semitic views he does not care for.
Guffey, Joseph.
Joseph F. Guffey was the Speaker of the House during the Smith and La Follette administrations. When Al Smith was killed in the Confederate bombing raid of Philadelphia in 1942, Guffey announced the President's death to a joint session of Congress.
Halifax, Lord.
Lord Halifax was the British ambassador to the Confederate States during the Second Great War. He presented to C.S. President Jake Featherston materials on the British superbomb project, which possibly helped the Confederacy develop their own superbomb.
Halsey, William Frederick Jr..
A Rear Admiral of the Southern Shore Squadron, Bill Halsey was part of the MacArthur plan to land and attack at the mouth of the James until General Abner Dowling contacted the War Department to stop that plan. From Dowling's statement on him, it seems he is as reckless as MacArthur.
Hamlin, Hannibal.
Hannibal Hamlin, former vice president of the United States becomes secretary of state in the Blaine administration and is chosen to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the conflict leading up to the Second Mexican War, a task in which he was not successful.
Haywood, Bill.
Like he was in our timeline, "Big Bill" Haywood is a Socialist Party bigwig in the USA during the Great War. He is introduced to Flora Hamburger by Herman Bruck at a May Day rally, and eyes her with lust. Flora doesn't seem to like him, but does acknowledge that he brings a furious energy to the cause that makes him a force to be reckoned with. 
Hemingway, Ernest.
Known only as "Ernie", the novelist Ernest Hemingway was an ambulance driver in the U.S. Army on the Québec front in the Great War (in our timeline Hemingway drove an ambulance in Italy during World War I), Ernest was strafed by a British aircraft and severely wounded in the groin. After the war, his impotence served as a constant frustration. He ghost-wrote Sylvia Enos' book, "I Sank Roger Kimball", and was involved in an affair with his client. He accidentally shoots her when attempting suicide while he is drunk. He then shoots himself in remorse. (In our timeline, Hemingway lived to 1961, shooting himself to death but no one else.) In the Southern Victory Series, he never becomes a prominent author -- though he does have work published.
Hitler, Adolf.
Because of the German Empire's victory in this world, Adolf Hitler is a sergeant in the German Army. He holds the Iron Cross, First Class. Morrell met him once as an orderly to Colonel Heinz Guderian, who was on an inspection tour in Kamloops, British Columbia. Morrell thought that he was very much like Jake Featherston, but with a hatred for Jews and Slavs rather than Africans. However, nobody pays him much regard with his much lowlier position. The obvious implication is that because Germany won World War I, Hitler remained a nobody and never rose to power. It should be pointed out that Hitler is never mentioned by name in CCH, but the author has acknowledged his identity.
Holmes, Oliver Wendell.
Oliver Wendell Holmes becomes Chief Justice of the United States rather than associate justice, as he does in our timeline. He is one of the last surviving War of Secession veterans and manages to live longer than even General Custer. Holmes is a staunch Democratic supporter, who is very displeased in 1920 at having to administer the oath of office to Upton Sinclair, the first Socialist President. He dies in 1935 (the same year of his death in our timeline) during Herbert Hoover's administration. He is replaced as Chief Justice by Cicero Pittman in time for Al Smith's inauguration in 1937.
Hoover, Herbert.
Herbert Hoover was part of the Coolidge-Hoover Democratic ticket that defeated the Blackford-Johnson Socialist ticket during the Democratic sweep in 1932. When Coolidge died before he got into office, Hoover took over. The only thing his term was known for was making the situation in Kentucky, Houston (West Texas), Sequoyah, and Utah worse. He ended the Pacific War with a status quo ante bellum "peace" with Japan and allowed Jake Featherston to begin rebuilding the Confederate Army in the face of the "black rebellion". Hoover was also derided for not doing anything to help the Depression. Because of this, the Democrats were defeated with a Socialist sweep the Congressional elections of 1934 and he lost the presidential race to Socialist Al Smith in 1936.
Hope, Bob.
Bob Hope is a comic seen entertaining the troops in Occupied Ohio. He was booed offstage for his non realistic war jokes and for not being "Satchmo and the Rhythm Aces".
Humphrey, Hubert.
Hubert Humphrey is referred to as the "pharmacist from Minneapolis." He wisely decides not to move his business to Rosenfield, Manitoba, where the local general store (owned by an American) had been bombed by Mary MacGregor several years before.
Jackson, Thomas J. "Stonewall".
Because of the Confederate victory in 1862, Stonewall Jackson did not die in 1863 as he did in our timeline. In the twenty years from the War of Secession to the Second Mexican War, Jackson became the head of the Confederate General Staff in the Longstreet Administration. His brilliant tactics in the Second Mexican War led to victory for the Confederacy. Also critical to the Confederate cause was his decision to let the captured Frederick Douglass go free, after a memorable debate between the two showing some grudging mutual respect - a decision which eventually helped the Confederacy cement British and French support for its cause. Subsequently, Jackson refused Wade Hampton III's proposal to lead a coup against Longstreet after Longstreet began steps to end slavery.
His face appeared on the Confederate five-dollar coin, which naturally came to be called a "Stonewall".
Jefferson, Thomas.
Thomas Jefferson served as the third President of the United States, as he did in real life. Following the War of Secession, Thomas Jefferson's status as a Virginian (and more substantively, his insistence on a weak central government) tarnished his memory considerably in the United States. Northern Founding Fathers such as John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and Alexander Hamilton were viewed much more favorably.
Johnson, Hiram.
Hiram Johnson was the Socialist nominee for vice-president in both the 1928 and 1932 elections. He and Hosea Blackford won the 1928 election over Calvin Coolidge; the victory was clinched after the Socialists won Johnson's home state of California. He was present at the Socialist party rally that was held on the same day that Japan raided Los Angeles. Blackford and Johnson were easily defeated in 1932 by Coolidge and Herbert Hoover.
Kennedy, Joseph P. Sr..
Joseph Kennedy, in this timeline, was a Democratic Party organizer in Boston, Massachusetts. Although married to Rose Kennedy and the father of Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr., he attempted to seduce Sylvia Enos, who was a minor heroine for killing Roger Kimball, and was campaigning for him at his political rallies.
After the Second Great War, Kennedy helped obtain the discharge of George Enos Jr., from the Navy to allow him to return to civilian life.
Kennedy, Joseph Jr..
Joseph Kennedy, Jr. appears in this timeline as a fighter pilot, serving in the same squadron as Jonathan Moss during Operation Blackbeard.
La Follette, Charles W..
The fourth Socialist President of the United States, Charles La Follette was vice-president of the United States until the death of President Smith in 1942. LaFollete also promised to keep the agreement between his office and Flora Blackford on the African-American holocaust in return for her keeping quiet about the atomic bomb project in western Washington State.
After the U.S. made significant progress in 1943, invading Kentucky, Tennessee, and capturing Camp Determination, La Follette demanded Jake Featherston's surrender. Featherston responded by firing two rockets into Philadelphia.
As the war was drawing to a close, La Follete issued an executive order barring discrimination in the armed forces on the basis of race. He also pledged to introduce civil rights legislation into Congress to protect all blacks under U.S. jurisdiction.
Though he led the U.S. to victory in 1944, La Follette was defeated by Tom Dewey in the Presidential election later that year. This might be intended to parallel the real world defeat of Winston Churchill at the close of the Second World War by Clement Attlee.
Turtledove's version of the character is not a historical La Follette, but rather an amalgam of three contemporaneous LaFollettes. Turtledove's La Follette hails from Wisconsin and his middle initial is 'W' (revealed in ""). The historical Rep. Charles M. La Follette was from Indiana whereas the historical Gov. Robert M. La Follette, Sr. and Sen. Robert M. La Follette, Jr. were both from Wisconsin.
LaGuardia, Fiorello.
Fiorello LaGuardia is elected governor of New York on the Socialist ticket and attends the New York City Remembrance Day parade shortly before the beginning of World War II.
Lamar, Lucius Q. C..
Lucius Lamar is the vice president of the Confederate States under James Longstreet. It is mentioned that Lamar would have acted as president should anything have happened to President Longstreet while he visited the war front in Kentucky.
Lansing, Robert.
Robert Lansing was the United States Secretary of State at the conclusion of the Great War and was responsible for drafting the terms of the peace treaty with the Confederacy and setting policy for Occupied Canada.
Lee, Robert E..
Robert E. Lee is the Confederacy's military hero. It is his decision to invade Maryland, and the complete failure of Union general George McClellan to respond that allows the CS to gain military victory, and receive recognition as a country from Britain and France.
Lee appears briefly in the prologue of GW:AF, which is set in 1862. He is heavily referenced throughout the series.
In AE:CCH, we learn that a man named 'Lee' was president. As Robert E. Lee was never said to have been president in the prior volumes, nor so described in subsequent volumes, a debate has developed among fans of the series, with some arguing that Robert E. was president, while others favor his more political nephew, Fitzhugh Lee.
There is one apparent difference between Turtledove's character and the historic Lee. In our timeline, Lee became the president of Washington College in Lexington, Virginia immediately after the Civil War. He served in that role until his death in 1870, at which time the college adopted its current name of Washington and Lee University. In the Southern Victory Series, the college never added Lee's name—it is referenced in several books in the series as Washington University.
Liggett, Hunter.
Hunter Liggett replaced General Leonard Wood as Army Chief of Staff under President Upton Sinclair. He appeared unenthusiastic about some of the Socialists' more unrealistic policies.
Lincoln, Abraham.
In this timeline, Abraham Lincoln was a one-term president who was defeated in the 1864 election, and who was generally remembered as
"a failure". Feeling that the Republican party was no longer true to its original roots, he led a faction of the party to break off and join the Socialist party with Marxist activist Friedrich Sorge, which eventually became the major opposition to the Democrats and one of the two main parties in the American political system.
Lincoln, Mary Todd.
Mary Todd Lincoln was the wife of former President Abraham Lincoln. As her husband was not assassinated in 1865, she did not suffer from mental illness. In the late 1870s, Mary Lincoln died of typhus.
Long, Earl.
After the assassination of their sibling, we learn that one of Governor Huey Long's brothers is involved in some sort of machine gun "accident" and the other is imprisoned at "Camp Dependable" outside Alexandria, Louisiana for his brother's non-Freedom Party politics. Although in our timeline Huey Long had three brothers, George, Julius and Earl Long, in the Southern Victory Series he has only two.
Long, Huey.
In this timeline, Huey Long was a Radical Liberal governor of Louisiana in the Confederate States. Like Jake Featherston, he used strong-arm tactics to suppress opposition and control that state, erected prison camps for political opponents, but did not resort to anti-black racist demagoguery. He proved to be a danger to the Freedom Party in the '32 elections and afterwards, where the Freedom Party was under attack in his state, and planned to run for president once Featherston ended his term (at the time, the clause in the Confederate constitution restricting a president to a single term was still in force). He was later killed by an assassin of the Freedom Party in 1938 after getting a warning about not following Jake Featherston's orders from Anne Colleton. This assassination allowed Featherston to have the entire Confederacy under his control. The conquest of Louisiana from Long and his followers is roughly the analogue of Hitler's Austrian Anschluss.
Longstreet, James.
James Longstreet was a victorious Confederate general turned president of the CSA in the early to mid-1880s. Although having a reputation as being an opportunist, his term was known for the second defeat of the United States in the Second Mexican War and the manumission of the slaves as the price of British and French alliance for help in the Second Mexican War. Longstreet also prevented, with Stonewall Jackson's help, a planned rebellion by Wade Hampton.
Lyons, Richard Bickerton Pemell.
Richard Lyons was a British diplomat who was sent to Washington after the Battle of Camp Hill to advise Abraham Lincoln that Britain and France were set to offer recognition to the Confederate States, and that if the U.S. did not do the same, Britain would defend the C.S. by use of its military. Lord Lyons also envisioned a time where both the U.S. and C.S. would "stand together, a pair of sturdy brothers," which never happened at any point of the Confederacy's independence between 1862 and 1944.
Mahan, Alfred Thayer.
Alfred Mahan was a two-term Democratic president from 1889 to 1897. During his time in office, Mahan threatened to declare war on the Confederate States because of a proposal by the CSA to build a canal in Nicaragua in order to reach their Pacific port in Guaymas, Sonora, without having to travel around South America. After receiving the threat of war, the CSA backed down in their attempt to build the canal. Sam Carsten mentions that he might be the best President the country had ever had before Theodore Roosevelt.
Mahon, George.
George Mahon was a Freedom Party Congressman from the State of Houston who was among the Congressmen (from Houston and Kentucky) who demanded that plebiscites be held in order to return to the Confederate States (Houston had joined the U.S. in 1917). He eventually got his wish, and on January 7, 1941, Houston, along with Kentucky, was returned to the CSA by popular vote, and was restored to the state of Texas.
Maurras, Charles.
Known as King Charles XI, Charles Maurras was the head of the "Action Française" movement in post-Great War France. After the overthrow of the French Third Republic in the 1930s, Charles XI took the movement's position to reclaim Alsace-Lorraine from Germany. When Kaiser Wilhelm II died on 4 June 1941, Charles XI formally demanded the return of Alsace-Lorraine. After Wilhelm's successor Friedrich Wilhelm V denied this request, France, supported by Britain and the Confederate States, declared war on Germany, and the Second Great War began. Charles XI was killed in the superbomb attack on Paris in 1944 and was succeeded by King Louis XIX.
Moran, Edward.
Congressman Edward C. Moran, Jr. of Maine is a Democrat who debates Flora Blackford on whether or not the United States should interfere with the treatment of blacks in the CSA.
McReynolds, James Clark.
James Clark McReynolds was the last Chief Justice of the Confederate Supreme Court. He played a key role in the ruling allowing Burton Mitchel to run again out of fear of the Freedom Party after the Hampton V assassination. Later he was noted for his battles in the early months of the first Featherston administration, most importantly the "torpedoing" of the River and Dam Act. (This is roughly analogous to the opposition of McReynolds to much of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal legislation in our timeline.) This led to the Featherston Administration finding a way to abolish the Supreme Court before it could strike down any more Freedom laws, and because Featherston wanted to settle accounts with the Court for its allowing Mitchel to run for re-election.
Attorney General Ferdinand Koenig pounced on the precedent of the CSA not having a Supreme Court for the first five years of existence, and forced McReynolds to admit to the legality of that precedent as prelude to having the Supreme Court knocked down, to great fanfare across the Confederacy's white population. Threatened with his life by Featherston if he trifled with the abolition of the Supreme Court, McReynolds retired into private life. The Confederate president then went on the radio to declare: "James McReynolds has made his decision, now let him enforce it!" (echoing a quote attributed to Andrew Jackson following an 1832 U.S. Supreme Court decision).
Molotov, Vyacheslav ("The Hammer").
Also known as "The Hammer", this is Vyacheslav Molotov from our world, another Red holdout (in the failed rebellion) in the Volga area, trying to defeat the Tsarist forces. By 1941, the Tsarist forces have all but defeated the Red Russians.
Mosley, Oswald.
Oswald Mosley is the leader of the Silver Shirts, a fascist movement analogous to the British Union of Fascists (Turtledove conflates two OTL movements: Mosley's historical BUF, also known as the Blackshirts; and the Silver Shirts, an American fascist group linked to Bruno Hauptmann and the Lindbergh Baby case). Mosley and several members of the Union gain seats in the British parliament, creating an influential minority. In an attempt to stifle them, the Conservative Party formed a coalition with the Silver Shirts. However, this actually gave more power to the Silver Shirts. The fact that the Conservatives under the leadership of Winston Churchill had taken a revanchist just insured that the coalition left both parties indistinguishable. Churchill named Mosley Chancellor of the Exchequer to mollify the Silver Shirts. During the later conflict with Germany in 1941, Mosley was also given a position as Minister of War.
Shortly after Germany shot down a British plane carrying the second British superbomb in 1944, he was ousted as Chancellor of the Exchequer in a non-confidence vote.
Mussolini, Benito.
Although not mentioned by name, Flora Blackford tries to recall the Italian politician who had pledged to make all the trains in his country run on time, but had little public support. The real Benito Mussolini claimed to have done this during his rule of Italy; actually, improvements in the train system predated Mussolini, and the trains were as unpunctual as before.
Patman, Wright.
Wright Patman was the Governor of Texas during the Second Great War. In 1944, with the U.S. close to defeating the C.S., Patman seceded his state from the Confederacy and declared an independent Republic of Texas with himself as President. His first act was to obtain an armistice with the U.S., who immediately recognized his nation.
Patrick, Mason.
Brigadier General Mason Patrick was a senior aviator in the U.S. Army air service and served on the Canadian front in the Great War.
Patton, George S..
General George S. Patton, C.S. Army, was in charge of the Confederate armored forces (Army of Kentucky) in Operation Blackbeard in Ohio and the attack on Pittsburgh. He had many of the same character traits as our timeline's Patton, including attention to the appearance of his men and the effective use of armor. Instead of being the first American general to integrate his combat formations, this Patton is an unabashed racist and supporter of the Freedom Party. Patton was evacuated from the pocket at Pittsburgh before it fell in February 1943. He unsuccessfully tried to hold the U.S. Army out of Kentucky and Tennessee.
This included an incident where he slapped a soldier suffering from battle fatigue. He would have shot the soldier save that other soldiers around them threatened to shoot Patton on the spot. He was reprimanded for this incident by President Featherston, who promised the average soldier a fair shake.
Patton's aggressiveness was checked by General Morrell. When he switched tactics to fight a delaying action in Chattanooga, he was bypassed by a U.S. airborne assault on the hills overlooking the city. Because of this, the U.S. drove to Atlanta, disgracing him in Jake Featherston's eyes.
By 1944, Patton was forced to flee Atlanta and head into Alabama. With the U.S. ravaging his army, Patton was eventually forced to surrender in Birmingham. After giving a farewell address to his forces, Patton was taken into captivity.
Pershing, John "Black Jack".
John Pershing is the commanding general of the US Second Army and rival of George Custer's First Army in the Great War. After the Socialist victory over the Democrats, he became military governor of Utah. Later on during his term in Utah, a Mormon sniper killed him, thus elevating Colonel Dowling, commandant of Salt Lake City, to military governor of Utah.
Pitney, Mahlon.
Rather than being appointed to the Supreme Court of the United States in 1912, as he was in our timeline, Mahlon Pitney goes to Canada to preside over trials in occupied country.
Pope Pius XII.
Pius XII was Pope in this timeline as well as ours. He was criticized for not condemning the Turkish genocide of Armenians or the Russian pogroms against Jews, and it appeared that he likewise did not care about the Freedom Party's killing of the black population of the Confederate States. One character observes that Pius would have spoken out against human rights violations if the group being persecuted consisted mainly of Catholics. The criticism of Pius' failure to condemn human rights violations in this timeline echoes the widely disputed relationship between our timeline's Pius and the Holocaust.
Pope, John.
John Pope was the commander of U.S. forces in Utah during the Second Mexican War. He was responsible for ordering the execution of several Mormon leaders during the attempted revolt in Utah. Pope also arrested Abraham Lincoln for allegedly having Mormon sympathies, but President Blaine ordered Lincoln's release.
Reagan, Ronald.
Ronald Reagan, "Dutch", like this timeline's counterpart, was a sports announcer in Iowa between the wars. His favorite phrase in games is "There he goes again" (similar to one of Reagan's most familiar phrases in our timeline, "There you go again"). Cincinnatus Driver also describes "Dutch" as a "great communicator", a description applied to the historical Reagan.
Reed, Thomas Brackett.
Thomas Brackett Reed was a Democratic president sometime in the late 1890s. Like Alfred Thayer Mahan, Reed was considered a hero of the Remembrance ideology. Reed entered into the United States into a mutual-defense pact with Haiti. Presumably this helped curb CSA designs in the Caribbean while at the same time irritating the CS government, which had long desired the destruction of the former slave colony. This pact was reaffirmed by Theodore Roosevelt during the Great War.
Reed was depicted on a fifty-cent coin used as currency during the Great War.
Rickover, Hyman G..
Captain Hyman G. Rickover, U.S. Navy testifies before a House of Representatives committee, as an expert on submarines (as was our timeline's Rickover). Rickover has the unpleasant task of explaining why the U.S. has not yet built copies of German fleet submarines.
Rogers, Will.
Will Rogers is referred to as "that comic from Sequoyah." As in our timeline, he is quoted as having said, "All I know is what I read in the newspapers."
Roosevelt, Franklin D..
Franklin D. Roosevelt, in this timeline, was Secretary of War in the Hoover administration and later Assistant Secretary of War under the Smith and LaFollette Administrations. He is not much in the public eye, but plays a key role at being in charge of the United States nuclear program at the Hanford site. Roosevelt was paraplegic and uses a wheelchair. He develops a kind of platonic affair with Flora Blackford. There is no mention of his being married in this timeline to Eleanor Roosevelt, who as wife of an obscure Assistant Secretary would have far less scope for her own activities than she did as First Lady in our timeline. It noted that his son (who goes unnamed) is in the US Navy during the Second Great War.
Shortly before the end of the war Flora Blackford notices with concern that Roosevelt is "killing himself with overwork and smoking". After the fall of the Confederacy Roosevelt is not mentioned again, and the disposal of the Confederate nuclear program is left to General Abell rather than to him.
Roosevelt, Theodore.
Teddy Roosevelt became a national figure for leading a volunteer cavalry unit, the Unauthorized Regiment, in the Second Mexican War, during which he developed an intense rivalry with George Custer. A member of the Democratic Party, he was President of the United States from 1913 to 1921. Roosevelt was the first president to run for a third term, but he was ultimately defeated by Socialist Upton Sinclair. After his death in 1924, he was buried at Robert E. Lee's house in Arlington, West Virginia (which was annexed from Virginia after the Great War).
Rosecrans, William.
William Rosecrans was a lead general in the Second Mexican War. He was partly responsible for the U.S. defeat as he admitted to observers on the Kentucky front that he had no real strategy to defeat the Confederate States.
Russell, Richard Brevard Jr..
Richard Brevard Russell, Jr. was the Confederate Ambassador to the United States before the Second World War. He was kicked out of the U.S. after President Featherston kicked out the Confederacy's U.S. ambassador Jerry Voorhis from the C.S. as well.
Satchmo - Louis Armstrong.
Known in the Southern Victory world as Sennacherib ("Satchmo"), Louis Armstrong in the Confederate States, during the rise of the Freedom Party and the Featherston Administration, was the leader of the popular band "Satchmo and the Rhythm Aces". He was forced by the Confederate government during Second Great War to play for Confederate troops in Ohio. Satchmo and his band were able to escape to U.S. lines at night after one of their shows. In "Drive to the East", Satchmo and his band share the horrors of the Featherston government's treatment of African-Americans with Flora Blackford. Subsequently, Satchmo and the Rhythm Aces produce propaganda for the U.S., although their style of music, unknown outside of the C.S., is a bit of a mystery to the average U.S. citizen.
von Schlieffen, Alfred.
Alfred von Schlieffen was a colonel in the German army working as a military attaché before and during the Second Mexican War at the German embassy in the United States. His study of Robert E. Lee's encirclement of Washington, D.C. is said to be the inspiration for the Schlieffen Plan of World War I.
von Schlözer, Kurd.
Kurd von Schlözer remained the German Empire's ambassador to the United States as in our timeline. After U.S President Blaine sued for peace during the Second Mexican War, Schlözer and the German military attaché Alfred von Schlieffen first brought up the idea of an alliance between the United States and the German Empire as a counterpart to the alliance between the United Kingdom, France and the Confederate States, thus forming the foundations for the Central Powers and breaking the United States' policy of nonintervention in European affairs.
Sevareid, Eric.
Eric Sevareid was a radio broadcaster for U.S. Wireless Atlanta, which was established after the fall of Atlanta, possibly to counter Confederate Connie. After the death of Jake Featherston, Sevareid was one of the broadcasters who interviewed Cassius.
Shaw, Robert Gould.
Ironically, Robert Gould Shaw, the man who in our timeline led the 54th Massachusetts, one of the first all black regiments in the Civil War, ends up surviving through the War of Secession, though losing a hand in the process, and lives on until 1914 in Boston. He was depicted as an elderly racist with little money.
Sherman, William T..
Despite having fought with valor and distinction at the historical Battles of Bull Run and Shiloh, the victories of William Tecumseh Sherman amounted to nothing after the United States' defeat at Camp Hill and the encirclement of Washington. Sherman was stripped of his rank of Brigadier General and would never command over regular troops again.
Nonetheless, Sherman remained in the US Army and by 1881, he commanded the defences of San Francisco from his headquarters at the Presidio. When the Second Mexican War began later that year, Sherman organised volunteers and harbour guns in preparation for any attacks. His efforts were mocked greatly by Samuel Clemens in his newspaper, the San Francisco Morning Call. Because of this, he interviewed Clemens on suspicion that he was a Confederate agent, but found nothing to substantiate it and gave Clemens a letter to that effect.
As the war dragged on, the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom turned up the pressure against the United States in support of their Confederate ally and attacked San Francisco. In spite of Sherman's preparations, the harbour guns were ineffective and his own troops proved inadequate in stopping the Royal Marines from raiding the San Francisco Mint. After the raid, Sherman was greatly embarrassed and ridiculed in the city's papers, especially the Morning Call. However, after the cease fire was called, Sherman loudly insisted that with more fortifications, he could make the city impregnable.
Shirer, William.
William Shirer is a U.S. broadcaster who interviews Cassius Madison in his tour of the U.S. after killing Jake Featherston.
Sinclair, Upton.
In this timeline, Upton Sinclair was the first Socialist President. He was elected over Teddy Roosevelt in the 1920 elections for a number of reasons, including (but not limited to) worker unrest, outrage at Roosevelt's decision to run for a third term, and the public's general exhaustion with the Remembrance ideology. His first acts were to slash the military budget, force General Custer into retirement and enact new labor laws. He was re-elected in 1924, where he and the Socialist Party take credit for the Roaring Twenties prosperity. Sinclair declined to run for a third term in 1928 and was succeeded in office by his Vice President, Hosea Blackford.
Smith, Al.
Al Smith is elected as the third Socialist (and first Catholic) President in the 1936 election, defeating Democrat Herbert Hoover. He is known as the "Happy Warrior" since he tries everything to keep the United States out of war with Jake Featherston's Confederate States, including the infamous Richmond Agreement, helping to gain him re-election over Robert Taft in 1940. All of Smith's efforts simply delay the inevitable; Featherston scraps any agreement with Smith and once again demands territorial concession. Smith refuses, touching of the Second Great War in June, 1941 (in an operation patterened after OTL's Operation Barbarossa). Smith is killed in his second term (1942) when Confederate bombers blew up parts of Powel House and destroy his bunker.
Smith shares parallels with Neville Chamberlain, who attempted, but failed, to prevent war in our timeline with a fascist regime through the use of appeasement.
Smith, Kate.
Kate Smith was a famous U.S. singer in this timeline as well as ours. In 1943, she sang "God Bless the Stars and Stripes" with backing by Satchmo and the Rhythm Aces.
Sousa, John Philip.
The marches of John Philip Sousa in this timeline were very popular in the United States. The Socialists despised him as a tool who substituted nationalist desires for vengeance for the class struggle, but respected his talents.
Stalin, Joseph.
Joseph Stalin is nicknamed "The Man of Steel" in this world. The Red Revolution following the Great War failed and Stalin became a holdout in the Volga area near the city Tsaritsyn along with the "Hammer" (Vyacheslav Molotov), deliberately ironic as in our timeline the city was known at the time as Stalingrad.
Stassen, Harold.
Harold Stassen was peripherally mentioned as "the governor of Minnesota" as the Republican Party's candidate for President in the 1944 elections, carrying Minnesota, Wisconsin, and two of the other 35 states in three-way races against Socialist Charles LaFollette and Democrat Tom Dewey.
Stedman, Seymour.
Seymour Stedman was a Socialist Congressman from Ohio. In the Socialist-majority Congress of 1919, he was elected Speaker of the House. Stedman became the first non-Democrat since 1881 to be elected as Speaker.
Stuart, James Ewell Brown.
Because of the CSA's victory in the War of Secession, Jeb Stuart did not die in 1864 as he did in our timeline. During the Second Mexican War, General Stuart arrived in the former Mexican provinces of Sonora and Chihuahua in order to ease their transition into C.S. territories (later states). Stuart was killed by an Apache sniper near the close of the war in 1882. His son Jeb Stuart Jr. (a person who had never known his father in real life) later became head of the Confederate War Department, and his (fictionalized) grandson Jeb Stuart III was a battery command officer on the Virginia front in the Great War. 
J.E.B Stuart III once prevented Army intelligence from interrogating his man servant. Later it was revealed that this servant had in fact been a spy and a communist rebel. Stuart was humiliated, and assured by many that he would never rise above the rank of Captain, despite his Father's position in the war department. Destroyed, Stuart decided glory was all he had left, and died leading a charge across No Man's land. 
This would greatly impact history in this timeline, because it was Jake Featherston who had reported the man servant, and Stuart's father blamed him for his son's humiliation. He ensured that Featherston also was never promoted, which infuriated Featherston forever after, leading him to write his infamous book, Over Open Sights, and later to purge the old military upon his acension to the Presidency of the Confederate States. After that point, promotion and rank in the new army was based solely on talent and loyalty, which unfortunately for the United States, worked very well in the opening months of operation 'Black Beard'.
Sutro, Adolph.
Adolph Sutro is still the mayor of San Francisco, California as in our timeline. His mayorship was heavily criticized for incompetence, particularly after the British Royal Navy bombarded the city and Royal Marines raided the San Francisco Mint.
Sutro was a supporter of President Blaine and designed several comical, outlandish security measures to protect San Francisco (which was an extremely low priority target) from attack during the Second Mexican War. Ironically, when the British did attack the city, the defenses Sutro proposed proved worthless.
One of Sutro's most vocal critics was Samuel Clemens, who named his dog Sutro as an insult to the mayor. 
Taft, Robert.
Robert Taft was a Democratic Senator from Ohio who ran against Al Smith in the 1940 presidential election. Taft was narrowly defeated running his campaign on an anti-Freedom Party line and the refusal to permit the states of Kentucky and Houston to hold a plebiscite to return to the CSA. During the Second Great War, he and Flora Blackford became fast friends and political allies as Flora became more hawkish as the war went on. Taft dies in 1943, a victim of a suicide bomb attack in Philadelphia.
Taft, William Howard.
William Howard Taft was a Democratic Congressman from Ohio who served on the Transportation Committee during the later days of the Great War. He was on the same committee as Socialist congresswoman Flora Hamburger, and the two frequently disagreed on many political issues.
Taylor, John.
The Mormon leader John Taylor takes the opportunity to try to force the United States to recognize the believers' right to practice polygamy. However, with the use of the new Gatling gun his rebellion is quickly crushed and he becomes a fugitive, facing death along with the other Mormon leaders if he is caught. The Union army places a price on his head, but he is never captured.
Thomas, Norman.
N. Mattoon Thomas served as Undersecretary of War in the Sinclair Administration, often as Sinclair's hatchet man. He was responsible for informing General Custer of his forced retirement and for closing down the Barrel Works.
Thurmond, Strom.
Strom Thurmond was a Freedom Party Congressman from South Carolina. He is still as conservative in this timeline as he was in ours. Good on the "Negro question, but weaker elsewhere" was Anne Colleton's view on him. It was unknown if he died during the U.S. naval raid on Charleston in June 1941.
Tilden, Samuel J..
Samuel Tilden was President of the United States from 1877 to 1881 in this timeline. He was nominated by the Democrats for reelection in 1880, but lost to Republican James G. Blaine. Tilden was defeated for not taking a hard line against the Confederate States and for ordering the removal of twelve stars (representing the former Union states in the CSA) from the U.S. flag.
Truman, Harry.
Harry Truman was a Democratic Senator from Missouri who was selected by New York Governor Tom Dewey as the Democratic VP candidate in 1944. The Dewey-Truman ticket defeated the incumbent President Charles La Follette. In announcing the Democratic victory, Truman had a copy of the "Chicago Tribune" that had the headline "La Follete Beats Dewey" (referring to the infamous "Dewey Defeats Truman" headline in our timeline's 1948 election). Truman made an appearance in occupied Florida to speak to U.S. soldiers before his inauguration as Vice President.
Voorhis, Jerry.
Jerry Voorhis was the United States ambassador to the Confederate States prior to the start of the Second Great War. After delivering news to Jake Featherston that U.S. president Al Smith refused the latest C.S. territorial demands, the C.S. president told Voorhis to leave the country within 24 hours; soon after this meeting, Featherston authorized the commencement of Operation Blackbeard.
Walker, George Herbert.
Confederate Secretary of State during the Featherston Administration, George Herbert Walker is probably one of the few remaining old-liners to remain from the Whig Era into the Freedom Regime, since he is not considered to be part of the Freedom Party inner circle by Featherston. Walker is placed in charge of obtaining more soldiers from the Empire of Mexico to aid the Confederacy after General Morrell's attacks destroyed the first three divisions in the 1942 U.S. offensive in Ohio.
Wallace, Henry.
Henry A. Wallace was the Secretary of the Interior under Al Smith. He was one of the few people who knew of the United States' plans to develop nuclear weapons during the Second Great War.
Wayne, John.
John Wayne is an actor known in this world under his real name, Marion Morrison. He played Theodore Roosevelt in a movie that recounted the details of the Battle of Montana in "How Few Remain".
Wilhelm II.
Kaiser Wilhelm II was the German Emperor and one of the main allies of the United States in World War I. "Kaiser Bill" was a popular character in the U.S. Many men wore a "Kaiser Bill" mustache in imitation of him. He lived until 1941 (as he did in our timeline), where his death and his son's coming to the throne and refusal to give France its lost territory back started the Second Great War. He was the father of Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm V.
Wilhelm, Friedrich V.
Friedrich Wilhelm V (the Crown Prince of Germany) became Kaiser of the German Empire in 1941, upon the death of his father, Wilhelm II. He refused to return Alsace-Lorraine to the newly revived Kingdom of France and their British allies, which precipitated the Second Great War in Europe. He authorised the destruction of several targets with superbombs, including Petrograd, Paris as well as London, Norwich and Brighton in a deadly triple strike that crippled Britain into defeat.
This character may be the center of a substantial historical gaffe on Turtledove's part. Upon his ascension in "", he is announced as Friedrich I of Germany and Friedrich Wilhelm V of Prussia. If this character is indeed the historical figure William, Crown Prince of Germany, then he would have reigned as William III in real history. While the Crown Prince's first name was Friedrich, even if he chose to call himself that upon his ascension, or, if the character is meant to be the fictional son of William II of Germany, he could not have been Friedrich I, but would in fact have been Friedrich IV. There also does not appear to have been a tradition of the German Emperor using a different name in his role as King of Prussia.
As Turtledove only refers to this character as 'the Kaiser' in the "Settling Accounts" series, there are no additional clues available to the reader as to the character's identity.
Willkie, Wendell.
Wendell Willkie was the Republican nominee for president in the 1940 election, both in this timeline and our history. As the Republicans were a third party in this timeline, Willkie was not considered to seriously contend for the presidency against the Socialist incumbent Al Smith and the Democratic challenger Robert Taft.
Wilson, Horace.
Horace Wilson became the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1944 in the wake of the ouster of Winston Churchill in a no-confidence vote. His first act as PM was to ask Germany for a cease-fire.
Wilson, Woodrow.
Woodrow Wilson was president of the Confederate States from 1911 to 1917. He led the CSA to war with the United States in the summer of 1914, following the US declaration of war on the Confederacy.
Winchell, Walter.
Walter Winchell was a news reporter from New York who was one of those to interview Cassius after he shot Jake Featherston. During his interview with Winchell, Cassius found his accent difficult to understand.
Wood, Leonard.
General Leonard Wood was Chief of the General Staff of the U.S. Army during the Great War

</doc>
<doc id="2899872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899872" title="Northwest Philadelphia">
Northwest Philadelphia

Northwest Philadelphia is a section of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The official boundary is Stenton Avenue and Cheltenham Avenue to the north, the Schuylkill river to the southwest, Northwest Avenue to the northwest, Roosevelt Boulevard to the south, and with the eastern border being made up of many different streets, though less defined. The area is divided by Wissahickon Creek into two subsections. To the east are Germantown, East Falls, Mount Airy (which itself is divided into east and west), Cedarbrook (though some would consider Cedarbrook to be North Philadelphia), and Chestnut Hill, and to the west are Roxborough, Andorra, and Manayunk. Some of them informally comprise smaller neighborhoods. The Philadelphia Police Department patrols two districts located within Northwest Philadelphia. The two patrol districts serving Northwest Philadelphia are the 5th and 14th districts.
Demographics and culture.
Northwest Philadelphia has substantial African American, Irish-American, Italian-American, German-American, and British American (English American/Scottish American) populations, but its culture is varied, and only smaller neighborhoods within it can be said to be known for one ethnicity predominating.
Compared with other sections of Philadelphia, a substantial portion of the Northwest retains a more suburban feel, particularly Chestnut Hill, West Mount Airy, parts of East Falls, East Mount Airy and Germantown, and Upper Roxborough. For example, in East Falls one will find large Tudor homes and big modern ranch homes on sizable properties only blocks from more humble townhouses and rowhouses. Upper Roxborough boasts post-World War II suburban housing developments, while Lower Roxborough consists mostly of rowhouses and urban twin houses, apartments over storefronts, etc. There are also blocks of large Victorian homes peppered among the rowhouses. The mix of development is interesting for its contrasts; whereas in some spots, the buildings and street grid have existed for three centuries, other spots nearby were farmland until after World War II, and have infrastructure that is very recently developed and suburb-like. To travel from Germantown to Manayunk to Upper Roxborough is somewhat like traveling along a development timeline, from 18th-century farmhouses to 19th-century rowhomes to 20th-century shopping centers. Besides time, the other noticeable axis along which one can travel is socioeconomic. From an enclave of working-class Germantown rowhomes to the wealthy estates of Chestnut Hill, both may have been built in the period of 1880-1920, but the time period is all that they share.
Northwest Philadelphia has a population of 64,515. 
Terrain and geography.
Northwest Philadelphia is known for its hilly terrain, especially in the western half between the Wissahickon and the Schuylkill River. This hilly terrain is a distinct characteristic of Manayunk and Roxborough, making them popular for any recreation that can use a good hill (such as sledding and soapbox derbies, or especially challenging sessions of running and biking). Upper Roxborough, because it is one of the highest elevations in Philadelphia, is the site of a reservoir and many of the city's broadcast transmission towers. Ridge Avenue follows the ridge that divides the Wissahickon valley from the Schuylkill valley.
Learning to navigate successfully across and beyond Northwest Philadelphia requires one to keep in mind that Northwest Philadelphia's street grid is oriented along axes of northeast-southwest and northwest-southeast (X). These axes are skewed almost exactly 45° from the true north-south and east-west axes of Philadelphia's main street grid (+). Within any one neighborhood, it is easy to mentally discount the east-west gradient and think solely in terms of north-south, uphill-downhill, or (perhaps worst) to conflate those two, with the mental axis of "up"-"down" concealing the conflation. Any time that one begins to extrapolate too far along these lines, one is losing orientation with surrounding areas.
Northwest Philadelphia is an area where exceptions to the regular pattern of the street grid are plentiful. The Wissahickon gorge rather thoroughly divides the "halves" of Northwest Philadelphia because of the relative scarcity of road crossings. The rail lines tend to rather thoroughly divide adjacent neighborhoods, for the same reason. One-way streets are not uncommon, and neither is the event of a bend interspersed within the rectangular street grid. Manayunk's street grid evolved completely independently from Germantown's, which makes perfect sense from a historical perspective. The result of all these factors is that navigating in Northwest Philadelphia can be a very different experience depending on whether one is traveling by motor vehicle or on foot or bicycle. Navigating solely by motor vehicle can leave one with a rather distorted sense of how far away certain points are from each other. When one explores on foot or bike, one restores a more accurate sense of orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="2899885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899885" title="Alcanzar una estrella II">
Alcanzar una estrella II

Alcanzar Una Estrella II ("Reach for a Star II") is a telenovela produced by Televisa in 1991. It is the sequel to "Alcanzar Una Estrella".
Plot.
Eduardo puts out a call to all of Mexico's youth to find members for his new musical group, "Muñecos De Papel" ("Paper Dolls"), but at the last minute he cancels everything to go on tour with his beloved Lorena. The group decides to forge ahead without Eduardo, and thus six young people get to live their dreams of achieving fame and fortune. The series addresses many problems facing today's youth in the anecdotes about the lives of the members of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="2899896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899896" title="Cedar Creek (Delaware Bay)">
Cedar Creek (Delaware Bay)

Cedar Creek is a stream and estuary of Delaware Bay in Cumberland County, New Jersey in the United States.
It rises in Lawrence Township and flows through Lummistown, where it is dammed twice to form the Lummis Lakes. It is dammed again at Cedarville to form Cedar Lake, below which it enters the marshes and becomes tidal. Fresh Creek, now mostly turned to marsh, ran south to connect it to Middle Brook and cut off Jones Island. Bowers Creek and Howells Creek discharge into it among the marshlands before it empties into Nantuxent Cove of Delaware Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="2899897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899897" title="Army School of Physical Training">
Army School of Physical Training

The Army School of Physical Training (ASPT) is the headquarters of the Royal Army Physical Training Corps (RAPTC) and the central training establishment for physical education, physical fitness and sports instructors in the British Army. It is located in Hammerseley Barracks and Fox Lines, Aldershot, Hampshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="2899906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899906" title="ASPT">
ASPT

ASPT can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2899907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899907" title="Niall Vallely">
Niall Vallely

Niall Vallely is an Irish musician, born about 1970 in Armagh, Northern Ireland. In 1966 his parents, Brian and Eithne Vallely had founded the Armagh Piper's Club, but he chose to learn the concertina instead, from the age of seven. His brother Cillian plays the uillean pipes and low whistle, learning from Mark Donnelly. Another of his brothers, Caoimhin, plays classical piano, tin whistle and fiddle. In 1990 Niall founded the group Nomos, which released two albums before breaking up in 2000. In 1992 Niall completed a degree in music at University College, Cork. Caoimhin also studied at UCC, then took an M.A. in Traditional Music Performance at the University of Limerick.
In 1998 Niall released a solo album of contemporary and traditional tunes from Ireland and Scotland. He also produced and composed the tunes for Karan Casey's album for children "The Seal Maiden". Niall and Karan married in Barga, Italy in 2007. He appears on some of her albums. In 1999 he released his debut solo album, “Beyond Words”, and in 2003 “Callan Bridge” with his brother Cillian on uilleann pipes. 
Over the past few years Niall has also been spending a lot of time writing new music. In 2007 he was commissioned by the BBC to compose music for a major TV series on the Flight of the Earls. The resulting piece was then premiered at the Grand Opera House in Belfast as part of the Belfast Festival at Queens and had a subsequent performance at the Irish College in Louvain, Belgium, as part of their Flight of the Earls celebrations. In 2008 he composed an electro-acoustic piece entitled “Rakish” based on the music of travelling piper Johnny Doran which was premiered at the William Kennedy Piping Festival in Armagh. Recent commissions have included pieces for cellist Kate Ellis, Zoë Conway and the Vanbrugh String Quartet.
In 2004 he formed Buille with his brother Caoimhín Vallely (piano) and guitarist Paul Meehan. They released their debut album in 2005 on the Vertical Records label. They released their second album in 2009, entitled “Buille 2”. It featured a diverse range of guests including brother Cillian on uilleann pipes, Zoë Conway on fiddle, Cian O’Duill on viola, Kate Ellis on cello, Neil Yates on trumpet and flugelhorn, Ed Boyd and Paul Meehan on guitars and Brian Morrissey on bodhrán, percussion and banjo.
Discography.
1995 - Áine Uí Cheallaigh - Idir Dhá Chomhairle/In Two Minds (Gael Linn) 
1995 - Various - River of Sound (Virgin CD + BBC Video)
1995 - Nomos - I Won't Be Afraid Any More (Solid/Grapevine/Green Linnet)
1997 - Nomos - Set You Free (Grapevine/Green Linnet)
1997 - Various - Sult, Spirit of the Music (Hummingbird) (w. Nomos)
1998 – Gael Force DVD (w. Nomos)
1999 - Niall Vallely - Beyond Words (Beyond Records)
1999 - Various - Mega Celtique (w. Nomos)
1999 - Paddy Keenan - na Keen Affair (Hot Conya Records)
2000 - Karan Casey & Friends - The Seal Maiden (Music for Little People)
2001 - Various - Celtic Christmas, Silver Anniversary Edition (Wyndham Hill)
2001 - Lewis Nash & David O'Rourke's Celtic Jazz Collective (Mapleshade)
2001 - Tim O'Brien - Two Journeys (Howdy Skies/Sugarhill Records)
2001 - Karan Casey - The Winds Begin to Sing (Shanachie)
2002 - Niall and Cillian Vallely - Callan Bridge (Compass Records)
2002 - Various - Live From The Katharine Cornell Theater
2003 - Various - Celtic Compass (Compass Records)
2003 - Karan Casey - Distant Shore (Shanachie/Vertical)
2003 - Donal Donnelly and Brian Hanlon – Driven
2004 - Various - Masters of the Accordion (Arc)
2004 - Various - Very Best of Celtic Christmas (Wyndham Hill)
2004 - Various - Live Recordings From The William Kennedy Piping Festival
2004 - Various - Other Voices, Songs from a Room 2
2005 - Karan Casey - Chasing the Sun (Shanachie)
2005 - Caoimhín Vallely – Strayaway
2005 - Barry Kerr – The World Looks Away
2006 – Tejedor – Música na Maleta (Arís Música)
2007 - Niall Vallely, Paul Meehan, Caoimhin Vallely - Buille (Vertical Records/Compass Records)
2007 - Various - Excalibur II: The Celtic Ring (EMI)
2007 - Various - Armagh Pipers Club 40th Anniversary
2007 - Various - A Christmas Celtic Sojourn Live and DVD
2008 - Karan Casey – Ships in the Forest (Compass/Crow Valley Music)
2008 - Various - Anglo International
2009 – Buille – Buille 2 (Crow Valley Music)
2010 – Transatlantic Sessions 4 and DVD (Whirlie Records)
2010 - Daimh – Diversions (Greentrax)
2011 - Highland Sessions (Whirlie Records)
External links.
http://www.niallvallely.com

</doc>
<doc id="2899909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899909" title="Garbahaareey">
Garbahaareey

Garbahaarey is the capital of Gedo, the second largest and sixth most populous region ("gobolka") of Somalia. Maj. General Mohamed Siyad Barre, Somalia's longest-serving president, claimed Garbahaarrey as his birthplace in order to get a job in the Italian colonial police force. The city is surrounded by the Gogol Mountain Range.
Population.
The population of Garbahaarreey City is estimated to be around 43,000 and most of the city’s inhabitants belong to various sub clans of the Marehan. There are high levels of transmigration between Garbahaarreey and surrounding towns and villages, such as Tuulo Barwaaqo, especially when there is a conflict or natural disasters which affect city.
At the height of the civil war from 1991 to 1994, the population dispersed to many of the two dozen or so villages surrounding the city. Garbahaarreey is about 130 km from the Kenyan border in the Northern Frontier District (NFD).
Commerce.
Garbahaarreey's population growth is at a slower pace compared to many other districts in Somalia, due to the size of the population and lack of agricultural activities. Since the breakout of the civil war in Somalia in early 1991, the city’s population has doubled. Many Garbahaarreey residents make second home in Beled Haawo. In Beled Haawo, many families take advantage of the open-border policy with Kenya and send their children to school in Mandera, Kenya. Likewise, business activities are much broader in Beled Haawo than in Garbahaarreey. Trucks full of goods to and from many parts of Somalia go through Beled Haawo-Mandera border everyday. Garbhaarreey has another business route from Bardera district. Mostly produce from the fertile Jubba River farms in Bardera and Buurdhuubo districts.
Insecurity of the 1990s.
Much of the 1990s, the city of Garbahaarreey was the seat of the Somali National Front militia in the early days of the civil war. But then people lost interest in being in a war that only killed more young people, and pressured the militia to evacuate the town; by early 2001 it had come under the control of the Transitional National Government. All activities shifted to Luuq and Beled Haawo. Now Garbahaarreey has a new role to play in the region. Neighboring regions such as NFD has welcomed the new leadership. A safe Gedo is also good for the neighboring regions in Kenya and Ethiopia. This is the new political reality in this age of insecurity in the Horn as a whole.
Governance.
Since the founding of the city of Garbahaarreey, of all the Gedo region's governors that have occupied the gubernatorial office of the capital, Governor Mohamed Abdinur Iris was the most famous and most influential in terms of actual goals accomplished. Governor Iris (nicknamed "Gudoomiye" in Somali) implemented some of the most well-known public works projects. Some of his professional achievements include the expansion of the city's only hospital and improvements to the local roads, the latter of which connect some of the region's district seats to the regional capital. Similarly, with his considerable experience abroad, Gedo's former governor Aden Ibrahim Aw Hirsi was believed to be capable of doing much more than had been done in the past for a Somali-administrative region.
New leadership in the 21st century.
Somali regions have been getting more and more disconnected from the nation's capital ever since the last central government was overthrown by armed clan militias.
Unlike many other regions in Somalia, Gedo opted for a young, pragmatic, educated, forward-looking kind of new leadership. Aden Ibrahim Aw Hirsi (Aw Xirsi) was chosen as the region's new governor in November 2006. Under Hirsi's stewardship, Gedo was realistically predicted to improve in terms of security, commerce, good governance, and furthering all public services, which bad been lacking for more than a decade and a half. Some old school clan leaders had at that point developed a habit of pitting one clan or sub-clan against another. This hindered many well-meaning efforts aimed at stabilizing southern Somalia.
However, Al-Shabaab, a local Islamist group, opposed Hirsi's western-leaning administration. The group consequently orchestrated a peaceful way to frustrate and ultimately oust the governor by bankrolling a former warlord, Hussein Ismail, the latter of whom then gathered militias and threatened to start a civil war in the region.
In May 2008, faced with the harsh realities of the situation, Hirsi resigned from office and let Ismail assume governorship. Al-Shabaab would later oust Ismail himself in July of that same year.
Future of the regional administration.
The Gedo region's political dynamics are fast changing since Ibrahim Aw Xirsi was named the governor of Gedo. The future of Gedo region is on the right direction. There are vast opportunities in uniting the minds and the efforts of all the service providers and businesses in Gedo region. Many Gedo residents remember mid 1990’s when Gedo was said be one of the most profitable place to do businesses in Somalia. Now that a new governor is at the helm of the region, many new peace building efforts and a new focus in the economy are on the table. The population of Garbahaarreey as well as people from other districts of Gedo, most of the former
Gedo residents elsewhere in the world, are welcoming the new governor who is believed to be in a position to do more for the people of Gedo.
Gedo Region Support from Diaspora Friends.
The new governor, Adam Ibrahim Aw Xirsi and the leaders from the seven districts of the region are already having working relations and this is a new beacon of hope.
Many of the schools and other public services currently functioning in Gedo receive support and leadership from diaspora. HIRDA, SEHO and Markabley Foundation are some of the organizations which fund schools and health centers in the region.
Gedo Administrations in the 1970s and 1980s.
Two decades ago, one of Gudoomiye Iris's lasting legacies was the creation of boarding school on the outskirts of the city of Garbahaarreey. Iris was the governor of Gedo much of the 1980s. Many public works projects were in the pipeline when the civil war erupted in Somalia in early 1991.
All previous governors, and those who came after governor Iris, have left for the city or for the region for that matter, little or no progress to show for.
Governor Mohamed Abdinur (Iris) made the most headway in creating substantial public works projects in Gedo region. His administration in the 1980s created a boarding school in the region's capital as well as the expansion of the Garbahaarreey-Buurdhuubo road.
Garbahaarreey in the last thirty years has seen close to dozen governors as compiled by Mohamud Dahir Dhaqane. These are the past and present governors who occupied the governor's office in Garbahaarreey. Past and present governors of Gedo are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2899910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899910" title="Cobbs Creek, Philadelphia">
Cobbs Creek, Philadelphia

Cobbs Creek is a neighborhood located in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States . Cobbs Creek is generally bound by Market Street to the north, Baltimore Avenue to the south, 52nd Street to the east, and Cobbs Creek Parkway to the west. It is often locally referred to as "The Southside", in reference to its location to the south of Market Street and above the Baltimore Avenue border of Southwest Philadelphia, as well as a neighborhood distinction used by local street gangs in the area during the 1960s and 70s.
In 1998, the Cobbs Creek Automobile Suburb Historic District was created, with Cobbs Creek Parkway, Spruce St, 62nd St, and Angora St its boundaries. The District protects 1049 buildings, with Tudor Revival, Colonial Revival, and Bungalow/Craftsman architectural styles contained within the district.
Philadelphia architect William Alesker, whose latest project is a Trump Tower in Center City, and Evangelical minister Tony Campolo, one of Bill Clinton's spiritual advisers, lived, respectively, in the 6200 blocks of Pine and Delancey Streets back in the 1940s and 1950s.
Also listed on the National Register of Historic Places are the Holmes Junior High School and Walnut Park Plaza Hotel.
Education.
Primary and secondary schools.
The School District of Philadelphia operates public schools.
Public libraries.
Free Library of Philadelphia operates the Blanche A. Nixon/Cobbs Creek Branch at 5800 Cobbs Creek Parkway at the intersection of 59th Street and Baltimore Avenue. The branch opened in 1925 and was renamed in 1990 after an area activist.

</doc>
<doc id="2899920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899920" title="Al Kolyn">
Al Kolyn

Albert Kolyn (born November 13, 1932) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1981 to 1985 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Background.
Kolyn was born in Fort William, and was educated in the city. He later moved to Toronto, where he worked as a businessman. Kolyn was an active freemason, and a member of the Ukrainian National Federation.
Politics.
He ran for the Ontario legislature in the 1977 provincial election, and lost to Pat Lawlor of the New Democratic Party (NDP) by 5,295 votes in Lakeshore. He then contested Etobicoke—Lakeshore in the 1979 federal election as a candidate of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, and lost to Liberal Ken Robinson by only 747 votes in a close three-way race. He campaigned federally again in the 1980 election, and this time lost to Robinson by 4,694 votes.
Kolyn was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1981 provincial election, defeating NDP newcomer Don Sullivan by 1,232 votes. He served as a backbench supporter of the William Davis and Frank Miller ministries for the next four years.
The Progressive Conservatives lost several seats in the 1985 provincial election, and Kolyn was personally defeated in Lakeshore. He finished third out of three candidates, losing to New Democrat Ruth Grier by 3,653 votes. He attempted a comeback in the 1987 election, and finished a distant third against Grier.

</doc>
<doc id="2899929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899929" title="The Twelve Dancing Princesses">
The Twelve Dancing Princesses

"The Twelve Dancing Princesses" (or "The Worn-Out Dancing Shoes" or "The Shoes that were Danced to Pieces") is a German fairy tale originally published by the Brothers Grimm in 1812 in "Kinder- und Hausmärchen" as tale number 133. Its closest analogue is the Scottish "Kate Crackernuts", where it is a prince who is obliged to dance every night.
Charles Deulin collected another, French version in his "Contes du Roi Cambinus" (1874), which he credited to the Grimm version. Alexander Afanasyev collected a Russian variant, "The Secret Ball", in "Narodnye russkie skazki".
Plot.
Twelve princesses, each more beautiful than the last, sleep in twelve beds in the same room. Every night, their doors are securely locked. But in the morning, their dancing shoes are found to be worn through as if they had been dancing all night. The king, perplexed, promises his kingdom and each daughter to any man who can discover the princesses' midnight secret within three days and three nights, but those who fail within the set time limit will be put to death.
An old soldier returned from war comes to the king's call after several princes have failed in the attempt. Whilst traveling through a wood he comes upon an old woman, who gives him an enchanted cloak that he can use to observe them unawares and tells him not to eat or drink anything given to him in the evening by any of the princesses and to pretend to be fast asleep until after they leave.
The soldier is well received at the palace just as the others had been and indeed, in the evening, the eldest princess comes to his chamber and offers him a cup of wine. The soldier, remembering the old woman's advice, throws it away secretly and begins to snore loudly as if asleep.
The twelve princesses, sure that the soldier is asleep, dress themselves in fine dancing gowns and escape from their room by a trap door in the floor. The soldier, seeing this, dons his magic cloak and follows them. He steps on the gown of the youngest princess, whose cry of alarm to her sisters is rebuffed by the eldest. The passageway leads them to three groves of trees; the first having leaves of silver, the second of gold, and the third of glittering diamonds. The soldier, wishing for a token, breaks off a twig of each as evidence. They walk on until they come upon a great clear lake. Twelve boats, with twelve princes, appear where the twelve princesses are waiting. Each princess gets into one, and the soldier steps into the same boat as the twelfth and youngest princess. The youngest princess complains that the prince is not rowing fast enough, not knowing the soldier is in the boat. On the other side of the lake stands a castle, into which all the princesses go and dance the night away.
The twelve princesses happily dance all night until their shoes are worn through and they are obliged to leave. The strange adventure continues on the second and third nights, and everything happens just as before, except that on the third night the soldier carries away a golden cup as a token of where he has been. When it comes time for him to declare the princesses' secret, he goes before the king with the three branches and the golden cup, and tells the king all he has seen. The princesses know that there is no use in denying the truth, and confess. The soldier chooses the first and eldest princess as his bride for he is not a very young man, and is made the King's heir.
Background.
The Brothers Grimm learned the tale from their friends the Hauxhausens who had heard the tale in Munster. Other versions were known in Hesse and Paderborn. In the Hesse version, only one princess is believed to be responsible for wearing out a dozen shoes every night until a young shoemaker's apprentice discovers that she is joined by eleven other princesses in the revels. The spell is broken, and the apprentice marries the princess. In the Paderborn version, it is three princesses who dance nightly. This version introduces the ruse of the soldier disposing of the drugged wine and pretending to be asleep.
Victorian editors disliked the "do or die" aspect imposed upon those willing to discover the Princessess' whereabouts, and found ways to avoid it. The candidates who failed simply vanished without explanation instead of being sent to their deaths. The garden of trees with gold, silver, and diamond leaves recalls a similar garden in the Sumerian epic of Gilgamesh.
Strangely enough, the Princesses are often portrayed as somewhat malicious characters, showing no remorse for lying to their father, and repeatedly giving their suitors drugged wine to ensure that their mystery remains unsolved, despite knowing that those who fail are put to death in some versions of the story.
Variants.
The tale is not likely to be earlier than the 17th century and many variants are known from different countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2899933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899933" title="Lycée Pierre Mendès France">
Lycée Pierre Mendès France

The Lycée Pierre Mendès France is a French-medium lycée (high school) in Mutuelleville, Tunis, Tunisia. It was founded in 1956 as an annex of the Lycée Carnot of Tunis, and originally named the "Lycée Francais de Mutuelleville". It was renamed in honour of politician Pierre Mendès-France on the occasion of President François Mitterrand's 1983 visit to Tunisia.
President Jacques Chirac visited the school in December, 2003. He caused some controversy when he told the students "Wearing a veil, whether we want it or not, is a sort of aggression that is difficult for us to accept." 

</doc>
<doc id="2899935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899935" title="Daniel Appling">
Daniel Appling

Daniel Appling (August 29, 1787 – March 5, 1817) was an officer in the United States Army during the War of 1812. Appling was born in Columbia County, Georgia, to John and Rebecca (Carter) Appling. 
Career.
In 1805, at the age of 18, Daniel Appling enlisted in the United States Army with a lieutenancy under General Thomas A. Smith, of Franklin, Missouri. Appling was a recruiting officer for some time, but was then stationed at Fort Hawkins, near Macon, Georgia. He was also stationed at Point Peter on St. Mary’s River in Georgia, where Fort Pickering would be built during the War of 1812, and a command on Amelia Island in Florida. On July 1, 1809, Appling was promoted to 1st lieutenant, and on April 1, 1812 he was promoted to captain.
During the late war, Appling was ordered to Sackets Harbor in New York. On the rainy evening of May 28, 1814, Major Appling and 150 of his riflemen set out from Oswego under the command of Melancthon Taylor Woolsey on 19 boats headed for Sackets Harbor. Loaded onto the boats were cables and cannons needed to outfit two brigs, the Jones and the Jefferson, and a frigate, the Superior.
The secret mission was detected, and the Americans withdrew up the Big Sandy Creek to fortify their position. On the morning of May 30, a large British force, disobeying an order to pursue American forces inland from the Lake, engaged the Americans. Major Appling had hidden his forces in the brush and trees along the banks of the Creek, and surprised the British. The Battle of Big Sandy Creek lasted less than 15 minutes and resulted in an overwhelming American victory. The Americans captured 143 prisoners (133 men and 10 officers), 20 wounded (18 men and 2 officers), 14 killed (13 men and one officer), three gun-boats, one with a 24-pounder and a 63-pounder, two cutters, and one gig. The supplies loaded on Woolsey’s boats were safely carried over land by oxen to Sackets Harbor. One of the cables, reported to be 600 feet long, 6 inches thick, and 9,600 pounds, had to be carried by hand, an event known as the Great Cable Carry.
On May 30, 1814, Appling was brevetted lieutenant colonel for gallant conduct in capturing a superior force of the enemy at the Battle of Big Sandy Creek.
After the Battle of Big Sandy Creek, Major Appling was stationed at Plattsburgh, New York and successfully led his riflemen against General (Sir George) Prevost’s attack. For his distinguished service there, he was promoted to colonel on September 11, 1814.
The sword.
On June 1, 1816, Appling resigned from the military and moved to Montgomery County, Alabama. The Georgia Legislature awarded Appling a sword in recognition of the efforts during the War of 1812. Unfortunately, before the sword could be delivered, Appling died on March 5, 1817, at the age of 30. The sword hung in the Governor's Office until 1883 when it was sent to the archives of the Georgia State Historical Society. In 1906, the sword was sent to be displayed in the Jamestown Exposition but it never returned to Georgia. In 2010 the director of the Georgia Division of Archives and History saw an advertisement in an antiques magazine offering the sword for sale for $250,000. The Pennsylvania antiques collector and dealer gave Georgians until Dec. 31to raise $100,000 to purchase the sword or he’d sell it to waiting buyers. An initiative by Friends of the Georgia Archives and the Daughters of the War of 1812 raised the money and in 2012, the 200th anniversary of the War of 1812, the sword was returned to the state of Georgia. It now hangs in the State Capitol's Hall of Valor.
Namesake and honors.
Appling County, Georgia was named for Daniel Appling on December 15, 1818.
The USS Appling, an attack transport named for Appling County, Georgia, was launched on April 9, 1944 and decommissioned on December 20, 1946. The Appling earned two battle stars for her World War II service.

</doc>
