<doc id="2864381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864381" title="List of Savage Worlds books">
List of Savage Worlds books

List of Savage Worlds books is a listing of commercially released books from Pinnacle Entertainment Group and licensees for the "Savage Worlds" role-playing and miniatures game. This does not include various free downloads. Accessories such as card decks, screens and miniatures are also not listed.

</doc>
<doc id="2864383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864383" title="EBid">
EBid

eBid is an online auction website founded in December 1998. eBid operates in twenty-three countries where it allows sellers, United Kingdom, United States of America, Canada, Australia, Ireland, Belgium, Austria, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Netherlands, Denmark, Hong Kong, India, Norway, New Zealand, Portugal, Sweden, Singapore, South Africa, Brazil, Malaysia and lists to buyers in over 100 Countries. eBid uses its own online payment service PPPay to allow for buyers and sellers to pay each other in Euros and Pounds Sterling, although members are not restricted to using this form of payment: Paypal and Skrill (Moneybookers) are also accepted payment methods.
Listing a basic auction on eBid is free and a zero or small percentage final value fee is paid on selling your item.
The domain "ebid.net" has 8 million page impressions a month and attracts around 60,000 visitors a day (15m unique visitors yearly) alexa.com ranking.
Currently eBid has three membership levels available for new members,
Buyer (free) buyer only,
Seller (free but requires credit/debit card verification) occasional seller, final value fees are 3%,
Seller Plus+ subscription based membership aimed at professional sellers with a recurring fee, payable every 7,30,90 or 365 days, OR a one off lifetime payment (currently £99.99 or £49.99 if taken within first 24 hours of joining). Seller Plus+ members can open up to 5 shops free. For a basic auction Seller Plus+ members pay no fee, for a gallery one they pay 2% fvf. Options like BIN only auctions & Run until Sold, are also available for free.
Buddy Points
Members can earn Buddy Points when they buy, sell or enlist new members. These points can then be used in Buddy Auctions to bid on items from eBid t-shirts, hats and golf umbrellas to cameras, monitors, kindles and household electrical items.
Methods of Earning Buddy Points:
•Referring a Buddy 1.00 points
•Your Buddies Upgrading to SELLER 2.00 points
•Your Buddies Upgrading to SELLER+ 5.00 points
•You Making a Bid Meeting Reserve 0.50% of reserve price (max 5.00 points)
•You Winning by Bidding 1.00% of final bid (max 5.00 points)
•You Purchasing Using BuyNow 1.00% of BuyNow price (max 5.00 points)
•You Gaining Positive Feedback 0.50% of final bid OR BuyNow price (max 5.00 points)
Auctions.
Auto-extend Auctions.
If the seller has this turned on it will extend the length of the auction by 60 seconds if there is a bid within the final 60 seconds of the auction. This option is only available to Seller Plus+ users.
Featured Auction.
If the seller selects this method then the item will be at the top of the relevant section for 30 days. Featured listings cost from zero to 1.00 in your local currency, however the final value fee is zero
Gallery Auction.
Gallery auctions are only for seller + status. The listing of Gallery auctions is free, they get a thumbnail and up to 5 free pictures. When a Gallery auction is successful then a 2% final value fee is incurred. Gallery auction is the most popular auction type. Gallery auctions can have a run time of 3+ days
Free Auctions.
The listing of free auctions is totally free, but Basic Sellers do not get a picture thumbnail on the results page, but you still get up to 5 free pictures. If a free auction sells then it incurs a 3% final Value Fee. Free auctions can have a run time of 3+ days
Platinum Auctions.
Platinum auctions are only for seller status. There is a listing fee of £0.05 or 0.05 in local currency normally. The platinum auction gets you a thumbnail picture and if it sells you pay a final value fee of 3%. Again platinum auctions can have a run time of 3+ days. These listings can be set to Auto Repost up to 10 times.
Gallery Auction.
Gallery auctions are only for seller+ status. There is no listing fee for standard auctions, but unlike the free auction above, a gallery picture is shown in the results. If a standard auction is successful then a final value fee of 2% is charged. Run time of standard auctions is 3+ days. As with the Platinum Listing, these listings can be set to Auto Repost up to 10 times.
Run Until Sold.
A "Run Until Sold" auction is one where the item is listed until it is sold. This type of auction appears near to the bottom of the search results. This type of auction does not have a countdown time. These listings show at the bottom of Search Results, so careful thought should be take when using this type of listing.
On first bid.
On first bid auctions only start after the first bid has been placed, with a minimum duration of 3 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2864385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864385" title="Purussaurus">
Purussaurus

Purussaurus is an extinct genus of giant caiman that lived in South America during the Miocene epoch, 8 million years ago. It is known from skull material found in the Brazilian, Colombian and Peruvian Amazonia, and northern Venezuela. The estimated skull length for one large individual of the type species "P. brasiliensis" is . Paleontologists estimate that "P. brasiliensis" may have measured around in length, which means that "Purussaurus" is one of the largest known crocodilians ever to have existed. Two other extinct crocodilians, "Sarcosuchus" and "Deinosuchus", have similar proportions, but both are geologically much older, dating from the Early and Late Cretaceous, respectively, and another from the Miocene of India, "Rhamphosuchus", is estimated to be slightly smaller, though assumed to have been proportioned like a gharial. During the summer of 2005, a Franco-Peruvian expedition (the Fitzcarrald expedition) found new fossils of "Purussaurus" in the Peruvian Amazon (600 km from Lima).
Analysis of a biomechanical model of the skull of "Purussaurus" has indicated that it would have been capable of performing the "death roll" maneuver used by extant crocodilians to subdue and dismember their prey.
Paleoecology.
Brazilian "P. brasiliensis" is associated with sharks, rays, freshwater teleosts, lungfish, turtles including "Stupendemys", crocodilians including "Charactosuchus", "Gryposuchus", and "Mourasuchus", "Anhinga" birds, and mammals including sloths, bats, rodents, the primate "Stirtonia", and river dolphins. River, floodplain, and lake environments were present. Marine and freshwater fish, turtles, crocodilians, and terrestrial and aquatic mammals are associated with Venezuelan "P. mirandai". Its environment is described as tropical and coastal.
The earlier Colombian "P. neivensis" lived alongside a massive variety of fauna, including astrapotheres like "Granastrapotherium" and "Xenastrapotherium", the early species of "Mourasuchus" and "Gryposuchus", and the terrestrial crocodyliform "Langstonia". This fauna dates from 13 million years ago, in the Laventan stage of the Late Miocene. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864390" title="2004 ISSF World Cup">
2004 ISSF World Cup

For the 2004 ISSF World Cup Final in the seventeen Olympic shooting events, the World Cup Final was held in September 2004 in Maribor, Slovenia for the shotgun events, and in October 2004 in Bangkok, Thailand for the rifle, pistol and running target events. It was the last World Cup Final for the women's Double Trap event and the men's 10 m Running Target event, as they were taken off the Olympic program after 2004.
Shotgun.
The winners in Maribor were:
Rifle, pistol and running target.
Munich, Germany is traditionally the steady home of this competition, but 2004 was the second year in a row that it was held at another venue. The winners in Bangkok were:

</doc>
<doc id="2864397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864397" title="Trihexagonal tiling">
Trihexagonal tiling

In geometry, the trihexagonal tiling is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are two triangles and two hexagons alternating on each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of "t1{6,3}"; its edges form an infinite arrangement of lines. It can also be constructed as a cantic hexagonal tiling, h2{6,3}, if drawn by alternating two colors of triangles.
In physics as well as in Japanese basketry, the same pattern is called a Kagome lattice. Conway calls it a hexadeltille, combining alternate elements from a hexagonal tiling (hextille) and triangular tiling (deltille).
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane.
Kagome lattice.
A kagome lattice originally referred to an arrangement of laths composed of interlaced triangles such that each point where two laths cross has four neighboring points, forming the pattern of a trihexagonal tiling. The name derives from the Japanese word "kagome" (籠目), a traditional woven bamboo pattern, composed from the words "kago", meaning "basket", and "me", literally meaning "eye(s)", referring to the pattern of holes in a woven basket. Although called a lattice, its crossing points do not form a mathematical lattice.
Some minerals, namely jarosites and herbertsmithite, contain layers with kagome lattice arrangement of atoms in their crystal structure. These minerals display novel physical properties connected with geometrically frustrated magnetism. The term is much in use nowadays in the scientific literature, especially by theorists studying the magnetic properties of a theoretical kagome lattice in two or three dimensions. The term "kagome lattice" in this context was coined by Japanese physicist Kōji Fushimi, who was working with Ichirō Shōji. The first paper on the subject appeared in 1951.
Uniform colorings.
There are two distinct uniform colorings of a trihexagonal tiling. (Naming the colors by indices on the 4 faces around a vertex (3.6.3.6): 1212, 1232.)
Related polyhedra and tilings.
A tiling with alternate large and small triangles is topologically identical to the trihexagonal tiling, but has a different symmetry group. The hexagons are distorted so 3 vertices are on the mid-edge of the larger triangles. As with the trihexagonal tiling, it has two uniform colorings:
The trihexagonal tiling is also one of eight uniform tilings that can be formed from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling) by a Wythoff construction. Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
The trihexagonal tiling forms the case "k" = 6 in a sequence of quasiregular polyhedra and tilings, each of which has a vertex figure with two "k"-gons and two triangles:
The subset of this sequence in which "k" is an even number has (*n33) reflectional symmetry.
Rhombille tiling.
The rhombille tiling, also known as tumbling blocks, reversible cubes, or the dice lattice, is a tessellation of identical 60° rhombi on the Euclidean plane. Each rhombus has two 60° and two 120° angles; rhombi with this shape are sometimes also called diamonds. Sets of three rhombi meet at their 120° angles and sets of six rhombi meet at their 60° angles. It is the dual tiling of the trihexagonal tiling.

</doc>
<doc id="2864407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864407" title="Sukima Switch">
Sukima Switch

History.
Ōhashi's musical duties include vocals, guitar, and harmonica, while Tokita plays piano/keyboards, numerous other instruments, and oversees overall production. Most of the other instrumentation heard on their albums is handled by guests and studio musicians. In this sense, their band structure and chemistry could be compared to that of the American group Steely Dan. Their style is very heavily-jazz influenced (another similarity with Steely Dan), yet it retains core pop elements and catchy melodies that have proved popular with Japanese audiences.
Their song "Zenryoku Shounen" is featured as the first song in the Nintendo DS game "Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2", which was released in Japan on May 17, 2007. The song is also one of the many songs in the expansion pack to the Nintendo DS game "Daigasso! Band Brothers". Their eighth single, Guarana, is the theme song of the film adaptation of "Rough", with their second, third and fifth singles used as inserts. Their song "Shizuku" is the opening theme for the anime adaptation of the novel series "Kemono no Souja Erin". Their 12th single, "Golden Time Lover" is the 3rd opening of the anime series "". Ōhashi covered the song "Katamari on the Swing" in the PlayStation 3 game "Katamari Forever".
"Boku Note" was also used as the theme song for "".
Their 13th single, "Ice Cream Syndrome", is the ending theme of the "Pokémon" movie "".
Their 17th single, "Eureka", is the second opening to the anime "Space Brothers".
Their 19th single, "Hello Especially", is the ending song to the anime "Silver Spoon".
Their 20th single, "Ah Yeah!!", is the second opening to the anime "Haikyuu!!".

</doc>
<doc id="2864409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864409" title="LGV Est">
LGV Est

The LGV Est européenne (often shortened to LGV Est) is an extension to the French high-speed rail network which currently connects Vaires-sur-Marne (near Paris) and Baudrecourt (near Metz and Nancy), and will in the future connect Vaires-sur-Marne and Vendenheim (near Strasbourg). is still under construction, and in service. The line provides fast services between Paris and the principal cities of eastern France and Luxembourg, as well as to several cities in Germany and Switzerland. It also enables fast connections between eastern France and other French regions already served by TGV, to the southeast, the west and southwest, and to the north, with extensions towards Belgium.
Line.
The line passes through the French regions of Alsace, Lorraine, Champagne-Ardenne and Île-de-France. The first section of this new route, linking Vaires-sur-Marne near Paris to Baudrecourt in the Moselle, entered service on 10 June 2007. Constructed for speeds up to , for commercial service it is initially operating at a maximum speed of , and was the fastest service in the world until the Wuhan–Guangzhou High-Speed Railway opened in 2009. It is the first line in France to travel at this speed in commercial service, the first to use ERTMS, the new European rail signalling system and the first line also served by German ICE trains.
The project.
The construction of the new line has been split into two phases:
On 2 September 2009, infrastructure manager RFF announced the tendering for the second phase. Financing was finalized on 1 September 2009, with a mix of sources ranging from the French and Luxembourgish governments, regional governments, the EU, and RFF.
Journey times have decreased as follows:
Besides the construction of the LGV, the project includes:
Construction.
Earthworks for the first phase between Vaires-sur-Marne and Baudrecourt started in spring 2002. The contractors took three years to complete the earthworks and some 327 pieces of structural work as well as re-establishing communications for people and wildlife. Tracklaying and building the new stations started in 2004.
As the first infrastructure project of its kind to be declared a public utility by the Ministry of the Environment, the LGV Est is also the first railway to be financed largely by the French regions and the European Union (EU). The main contractor for the project is RFF (Réseau ferré de France), the state-owned company responsible for managing the French rail infrastructure.
Civil engineering works were distributed in eight contracts which were awarded after bidding by five companies: SNCF, ISL, Tractebel, Scétauroute and Setec. This is the first time there has been competition for the construction of a TGV line since reform of the rail system in 1997 and the involvement of RFF. SNCF Engineering, in partnership with EEG Simecsol succeeded in obtaining four of the contracts (including one for the second phase), this being 50% of the civil engineering project. Moreover, it directed the entire superstructure works project (track, signals and electrification) under the responsibility of Réseau Ferré de France.
Cost.
The total cost will be about €4 billion, apportioned as follows:
Controversy.
The LGV Est has been the subject of public debate for several reasons:
World speed record.
A series of high speed trials, named Operation V150, were conducted on the LGV Est prior to its June 2007 opening using a specially modified train. The trials were conducted jointly by SNCF, TGV builder Alstom, and LGV Est owner Réseau Ferré de France between 15 January 2007 and 15 April 2007. Following a series of increasingly high speed runs, the official speed record attempt took place on 3 April 2007. The top speed of 574.8 km/h (159.6 m/s, 357.2 mph) was reached at kilometre point 191 near the village of Le Chemin, between the Meuse and Champagne-Ardenne TGV stations, where the most favourable profile exists.
The 515.3 km/h speed record of 1990 was unofficially broken multiple times during the test campaign that preceded and followed the certified record attempt, the first time on 13 February 2007 with a speed of 554.3 km/h, and the last time on 15 April 2007 with a speed of 574.8 km/h.
Inauguration.
On 9 June 2007, the TGV Est made its inaugural voyage, leaving from the Gare de l'Est at 7:36am. Notable passengers included: François Fillon, the French Prime Minister, Alain Juppé, the Minister of Sustainable Development, and the Argentinian Ambassador to France. The Prime Minister hailed this event as "a beautiful symbol of the capacity of our country to innovate when it is united, a symbol of European France, of the knowledge of French businesses, and a symbol that gives confidence in the future." He hailed this achievement as "a union by train between France and its German, Luxembourgish, and Swiss partners, between the European institutions and the capital."
On 10 June 2007, the first phase of the LGV Est opened for commercial service.

</doc>
<doc id="2864417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864417" title="2003 ISSF World Cup">
2003 ISSF World Cup

For the 2003 ISSF World Cup in the seventeen Olympic shooting events, the World Cup Final was held in October 2003 in Milan, Italy for the rifle, pistol and running target events, and in Rome, Italy for the shotgun events.
Rifle, pistol and running target.
The winners in Milan were:
Shotgun.
The winners in Rome were:

</doc>
<doc id="2864431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864431" title="Calpain">
Calpain

A calpain (; , ) is a protein belonging to the family of calcium-dependent, non-lysosomal cysteine proteases (proteolytic enzymes) expressed ubiquitously in mammals and many other organisms. Calpains constitute the C2 family of protease clan CA in the MEROPS database. The calpain proteolytic system includes the calpain proteases, the small regulatory subunit CAPNS1, also known as CAPN4, and the endogenous calpain-specific inhibitor, calpastatin.
Discovery.
The history of calpain originates in 1964, when calcium-dependent proteolytic activities caused by a “calcium-activated neutral protease” (CANP) were detected in brain, lens of the eye and other tissues. In the late 1960s the enzymes were isolated and characterised independently in both rat brain and skeletal muscle. These activities were caused by an intracellular cysteine protease not associated with the lysosome and having an optimum activity at neutral pH, which clearly distinguished it from the cathepsin family of proteases. The calcium-dependent activity, intracellular localization, along with the limited, specific proteolysis on its substrates, highlighted calpain’s role as a regulatory, rather than a digestive protease. When the sequence of this enzyme became known, it was given the name “calpain”, to recognize it as a hybrid of two well-known proteins at the time, the calcium-regulated signalling protein, calmodulin, and the cysteine protease of papaya, papain. Shortly thereafter, the activity was found to be attributable to two main isoforms, dubbed μ("mu")-calpain and m-calpain (a.k.a. calpain I and II), that differed primarily in their calcium requirements in vitro. Their names reflect the fact that they are activated by micro- and nearly millimolar concentrations of Ca2+ within the cell, respectively.
To date, these two isoforms remain the best characterised members of the calpain family. Structurally, these two heterodimeric isoforms share an identical small (28k) subunit (CAPNS1 (formerly CAPN4)), but have distinct large (80k) subunits, known as calpain 1 and calpain 2 (each encoded by the CAPN1 and CAPN2 genes, respectively).
Cleavage specificity.
No specific amino acid sequence is uniquely recognized by calpains. Amongst protein substrates, tertiary structure elements rather than primary amino acid sequences are likely responsible for directing cleavage to a specific substrate. Amongst peptide and small-molecule substrates, the most consistently reported specificity is for small, hydrophobic amino acids (e.g. leucine, valine and isoleucine) at the P2 position, and large hydrophobic amino acids (e.g. phenylalanine and tyrosine) at the P1 position. Arguably, the best currently available fluorogenic calpain substrate is (EDANS)-Glu-Pro-Leu-Phe=Ala-Glu-Arg-Lys-(DABCYL), with cleavage occurring at the Phe=Ala bond.
Extended family.
The Human Genome Project has revealed that there are more than a dozen other calpain isoforms, some with multiple splice variants. As the first calpain whose three-dimensional structure was determined, m-calpain is the type-protease for the C2 (calpain) family in the MEROPS database.
Function.
Although the physiological role of calpains is still poorly understood, they have been shown to be active participants in processes such as cell mobility and cell cycle progression, as well as cell-type specific functions such as long-term potentiation in neurons and cell fusion in myoblasts. Under these physiological conditions, a transient and localized influx of calcium into the cell activates a small local population of calpains (for example, those close to Ca2+ channels), which then advance the signal transduction pathway by catalyzing the controlled proteolysis of its target proteins. Other reported roles of calpains are in cell function, helping to regulate clotting and the diameter of blood vessels, and playing a role in memory. Calpains have been implicated in apoptotic cell death, and appear to be an essential component of necrosis.
Enhanced calpain activity, regulated by CAPNS1, significantly contributes to platelet reactivity and thrombosis under hypoxic conditions.
In the brain, while μ-calpain is mainly located in the cell body and dendrites of neurons and to a lesser extent in axons and glial cells, m-calpain is found in glia and a small amount in axons. Calpain is also involved in skeletal muscle protein breakdown due to exercise and altered nutritional states.
Clinical significance.
Pathology.
The structural and functional diversity of calpains in the cell is reflected in their involvement in the pathogenesis of a wide range of disorders. At least two well known genetic disorders and one form of cancer have been linked to tissue-specific calpains. When defective, the mammalian calpain 3 (also known as p94) is the gene product responsible for limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2A, calpain 10 has been identified as a susceptibility gene for type II diabetes mellitus, and calpain 9 has been identified as a tumour suppressor for gastric cancer. Moreover, the hyperactivation of calpains is implicated in a number of pathologies associated with altered calcium homeostasis such as Alzheimer's disease, and cataract formation, as well as secondary degeneration resulting from acute cellular stress following myocardial ischemia, cerebral (neuronal) ischemia, traumatic brain injury and spinal cord injury. Excessive amounts of calpain can be activated due to Ca2+ influx after cerebrovascular accident (during the ischemic cascade) or some types of traumatic brain injury such as diffuse axonal injury. Increase in concentration of calcium in the cell results in calpain activation, which leads to unregulated proteolysis of both target and non-target proteins and consequent irreversible tissue damage. Excessively active calpain breaks down molecules in the cytoskeleton such as spectrin, microtubule subunits, microtubule-associated proteins, and neurofilaments. It may also damage ion channels, other enzymes, cell adhesion molecules, and cell surface receptors. This can lead to degradation of the cytoskeleton and plasma membrane. Calpain may also break down sodium channels that have been damaged due to axonal stretch injury, leading to an influx of sodium into the cell. This, in turn, leads to the neuron's depolarization and the influx of more Ca2+. A significant consequence of calpain activation is the development of cardiac contractile dysfunction that follows ischemic insult to the heart. Upon reperfusion of the ischemic myocardium, there is development of calcium overload or excess in the heart cell (cardiomyocytes). This increase in calcium leads to activation of calpain.
Therapeutic inhibitors.
The exogenous regulation of calpain activity is therefore of interest for the development of therapeutics in a wide array of pathological states. As a few of the many examples supporting the therapeutic potential of calpain inhibition in ischemia, calpain inhibitor AK275 protected against focal ischemic brain damage in rats when administered after ischemia, and MDL28170 significantly reduced the size of damaged infarct tissue in a rat focal ischemia model. There are also known calpain inhibitors with neuroprotective effects: PD150606, SJA6017, ABT-705253, and SNJ-1945.
Calpain may be released in the brain for up to a month after a head injury, and may be responsible for a shrinkage of the brain sometimes found after such injuries. However, calpain may also be involved in a "resculpting" process that helps repair damage after injury.

</doc>
<doc id="2864434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864434" title="Blyborough">
Blyborough

Blyborough is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It lies on the B1398 road, east from Gainsborough, north from Lincoln and south from Kirton Lindsey.
Blyborough Grade I listed Anglican parish church is dedicated to St. Alkmund of Northumbria. Built in the early 13th century, it was partially rebuilt in 1877 by James Fowler.
Two Grade II listed village buildings are Blyborough Grange Farmhouse and Blyborough Hall. The hall was built in the early 18th century and was previously, for many generations, the home of the Luard family who acquired its wealth through sugar plantations in the West Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="2864437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864437" title="Defense industry of Japan">
Defense industry of Japan

The Japanese defense industry is the major supplier of the nations own Self-Defense Forces. Production costs are high, due to several factors: the successful Japanese economy of the postwar period allowed for generous defense spending; few products are exported, keeping production numbers low; research and development is done independently where possible, securing national self-sustainability; public investment in Japan tends to be uneconomic, aimed largely at gaining local voter support.
Postwar history.
Dismantled by occupation authorities after World War II, armaments production in Japan resumed shortly before the end of the Allied occupation in 1952, when the nation's manufacturers began repairing and maintaining equipment for United States forces operating in Asia. Individual producers emerged as affiliates of larger industrial conglomerates, including the former zaibatsu of Mitsubishi and Sumitomo. After 1954 the defense industry began to arm the SDF, at first making only slight improvements on United States-designed equipment manufactured for local use. The Japanese defense industry received about US$10 billion worth of advanced technology from the United States between 1950 and 1983.
In July 1970, then Defense Agency director general Nakasone Yasuhiro established five objectives for the defense industry:
By the late 1970s, indigenous suppliers had developed and produced an almost complete range of modern equipment, including aircraft, tanks, artillery, and major surface and underwater naval combatants. Certain types of highly sophisticated weaponry, including F-15 fighters, P-3C Orion antisubmarine aircraft, and 8-inch howitzers, were produced under license. Except for the most complex and costly items, such as the E-2C airborne earlywarning aircraft, little was purchased complete from foreign suppliers.
The FSX.
Over 25% of the ¥18.4 trillion Mid-Term Defense Estimate for FY 1986 through FY 1990 was allocated for equipment procurement, most of it domestically produced; but the most lucrative defense contract was for the FSX. Envisioned as a successor to the F-1 support fighter in the ASDF inventory, the FSX was expected to take ten years to develop at an estimated cost of ¥200 billion. In October 1985, the Defense Agency began considering three development options for the FSX: domestic development, adoption of an existing domestic model, or adoption of a foreign model. The agency originally favored domestic development. But by late 1986, after consultation and much pressure from the United States, it decided to consider a coproduction agreement with the United States. And in October 1987, Japanese and United States defense officials meeting in Washington decided on a joint project to remodel either the F-15 or the F-16. The Defense Agency selected the F-16.
Once the agreement was reached, it came under heavy criticism from members of the United States Congress concerned about loss of key United States technologies and technological leadership, risks of Japanese commercialization of technology at United States expense, and an insufficient share in the project for United States-based firms. As a result of the controversy, in early 1989 the United States demanded and obtained a review and revision of the agreement, restricting technology transfer and specifying that United States-based firms would receive 40% of the work. The controversy left bitterness on both sides, and Japanese industrialists, convinced that a Japanese-designed and Japanese-developed FSX would be superior to a modified F-16 codeveloped by Japan and the United States, were irritated at United States pressure to renegotiate. They considered the agreement already favorable to the United States. Japanese industrialists and defense planners seem to be inclined to be self-sufficient with
respect to future weapons research.
The FSX was never built, instead, the Japanese side decided to forgo cooperation with the Americans and develop a successor to the F-16 completely on their own. The result was the Mitsubishi F-2, entering service in 2001 finally. The Japanese aerospace industry is successful, also planning to launch a new Mitsubishi airplane.

</doc>
<doc id="2864442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864442" title="Inward-rectifier potassium ion channel">
Inward-rectifier potassium ion channel

Inwardly rectifying potassium channels (Kir, IRK) are a specific subset of potassium selective ion channels. To date, seven subfamilies have been identified in various mammalian cell types and they are also found in plants. They are the targets of multiple toxins, and malfunction of the channels has been implicated in several diseases.
Overview of inward rectification.
A channel that is "inwardly-rectifying" is one that passes current (positive charge) more easily in the inward direction (into the cell) than in the outward direction (out of the cell). It is thought that this current may play an important role in regulating neuronal activity, by helping to establish the resting membrane potential of the cell.
By convention, inward current is displayed in voltage clamp as a downward deflection, while an outward current (positive charge moving out of the cell) is shown as an upward deflection. At membrane potentials negative to potassium's reversal potential, inwardly rectifying K+ channels support the flow of positively charged K+ ions into the cell, pushing the membrane potential back to the resting potential. This can be seen in figure 1: when the membrane potential is clamped negative to the channel's resting potential (e.g. -60 mV), inward current flows (i.e. positive charge flows into the cell). However, when the membrane potential is set positive to the channel's resting potential (e.g. +60 mV), these channels pass very little charge out of the cell. Simply put, this channel passes much more current in the inward direction than the outward one. Note that these channels are not perfect rectifiers, as they can pass some outward current in the voltage range up to about 30 mV above resting potential.
These channels differ from the potassium channels that are typically responsible for repolarizing a cell following an action potential, such as the delayed rectifier and A-type potassium channels. Those more "typical" potassium channels preferentially carry outward (rather than inward) potassium currents at depolarized membrane potentials, and may be thought of as "outwardly rectifying." When first discovered, inward rectification was named "anomalous rectification" to distinguish it from outward potassium currents.
Inward rectifiers also differ from tandem pore domain potassium channels, which are largely responsible for "leak" K+ currents. Some inward rectifiers, termed "weak inward rectifiers," carry measurable outward K+ currents at voltages positive to the K+ reversal potential (corresponding to, but larger than, the small currents above the 0 nA line in figure 1). They, along with the "leak" channels, establish the resting membrane potential of the cell. Other inwardly rectifying channels, termed "strong inward rectifiers," carry very little outward current at all, and are mainly active at voltages negative to the reversal potential, where they carry inward current (the much larger currents below the 0 nA line in figure 1).
Mechanism of inward rectification.
The phenomenon of inward rectification of Kir channels is the result of high-affinity block by endogenous polyamines, namely spermine, as well as magnesium ions, that plug the channel pore at positive potentials, resulting in a decrease in outward currents. This voltage-dependent block by polyamines causes currents to be conducted well only in the inward direction. While the principal idea of polyamine block is understood, the specific mechanisms are still controversial.
Activation by PIP2.
All Kir channels require phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) for activation. PIP2 binds to and directly activates Kir 2.2 with agonist-like properties. In this regard Kir channels are PIP2 ligand-gated ion channels.
Role of Kir channels.
Kir channels are found in multiple cell types, including macrophages, cardiac and kidney cells, leukocytes, neurons, and endothelial cells. By mediating a small depolarizing K+ current at negative membrane potentials, they help establish resting membrane potential, and in the case of the Kir3 group, they help mediate inhibitory neurotransmitter responses, but their roles in cellular physiology vary across cell types:
Classification of Kir channels.
There are seven subfamilies of Kir channels, denoted as Kir1 - Kir7. Each subfamily has multiple members (i.e. Kir2.1, Kir2.2, Kir2.3, etc.) that have nearly identical amino acid sequences across known mammalian species.
Kir channels are formed from as homotetrameric membrane proteins. Each of the four identical protein subunits is composed of two membrane-spanning alpha helices (M1 and M2). Heterotetramers can form between members of the same subfamily (i.e. Kir2.1 and Kir2.3) when the channels are overexpressed.
Further reading.
Bertil Hille (2001). "Ion Channels of Excitable Membranes" 3rd ed. (Sinauer: Sunderland, MA), pp. 149–154. ISBN 0-87893-321-2.

</doc>
<doc id="2864473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864473" title="TC-class blimp">
TC-class blimp

The TC-3 and the TC-7 were the two US Army Corps non-rigid blimps used for parasite fighter trials conducted in 1923-24. A single Sperry Messenger biplane was equipped with a skyhook to engage the temporary trapeze mounted to the control carriage of the blimp itself. The first successful docking was achieved on December 15, 1924. Despite the completely successful results of the program, the Army chose not to develop the concept further. It was the Navy which began the better-known project in 1925 using rigid airships, the USS "Los Angeles" (ZR-3), the USS "Macon" (ZRS-5) and the USS "Akron" (ZRS-4).

</doc>
<doc id="2864475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864475" title="The Tymes">
The Tymes

The Tymes are an American soul vocal group, who enjoyed equal success in the United Kingdom and in their homeland. They share the distinction of being one of the few acts to have one and only one chart-topper in both the US and UK with different titles.
Early career.
The group was formed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1956 as the Latineers, by Donald Banks, Albert Berry, Norman Burnett, and George Hilliard. After a four year stint on Philadelphia's club circuit, they recruited a new lead vocalist, George Williams in 1960, and changed their name to The Tymes.
The Tymes had hits in the UK in the 1960s and 1970s with songs such as "So Much in Love", a US chart topper and million-seller in 1963, "Wonderful Wonderful", a remake of the Johnny Mathis classic hit from 1957, "Somewhere", "You Little Trustmaker" and "Ms Grace". The last of these became the group's biggest UK hit, reaching Number One in the UK Singles Chart in 1975, but barely dented the Billboard Hot 100 after the success of "So Much in Love". "Ms Grace", while only charting modestly in the US, was and remains a regional hit with the Carolina Beach Music scene.
The Tymes were also The Jewels, as in Billy Abbott and The Jewels, whose only Hot 100 entry was "Groovy Baby" in July 1963.
Later career.
Their song "So Much in Love" was elected to the Songs of the Century in 2001. In 2005 The Tymes were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame. , they were still performing, with three of the original five group members; they appeared on the PBS special "My Music: Love Songs of the 50s and 60s".

</doc>
<doc id="2864476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864476" title="Minichamps">
Minichamps

Minichamps is a die-cast car producer founded as Paul's Model Art GmbH in 1990 in Aachen, Germany, best known for its 1:43 scale models. The company grew out of the Danhausen trade catalog of miniature vehicles and specially made Danhausen diecast releases during the 1970s.
The Danhausen legacy.
Danhausen was a trade company established in 1921 which sold a variety of products like bicycles and motorscooters. As time passed it focused more on toys and by the 1971 the company was owned by the Grandsons of Emma Danhausen, Hans Peter and Paul Gunter Lang (Danhausen webpage 2009). At this time the Langs moved into selling model cars both over-the-counter and by mail order (Minichamps 2011). The brothers distributed many different marques of mainly 1:43 scale models and began to publish the famous "Danhausen World Model Car Book" annually from 1971 to 1993, which was the last word in available 1:43 scale models worldwide. The last edition of the catalog in 1993 was 350 pages and listed 15,000 models.
During the mid-1970s, the Langs contracted with several companies, including Tin Wizard, Western Models and AMR (André Marie Ruf) as suppliers of the models they desired. These were almost exclusively white metal and the cars provided were given several different names; one was 'SD Modelle', another 'Metal 43', 'Plumbies' and 'Plumbies Inter' (Metal 87). Yet another was to go on to become the permanent name for the company - Minichamps by Danhausen, at first mainly a range of racing cars (Danhausen webpage 2009). Reportedly, the first model offered to Danhausen by Western Models was a Mercedes-Benz 540K (Minichamps webpage). Though using other companies' miniatures, Danhausen became a model name unto itself and as time passed the brothers tried to cement the relationship as Western Models had supplied Danhausen for about a decade (see Western Models website link). The Langs wanted to buy Western Models, but owner Mike Stephens declined. Eventually they purchased AMR and Danhausen was finally a defacto producer (Ward 2004).
During the 1980s, Danhausen moved into HO scale, producing many white metal models in either kit or fully finished form. These models were called 'Metal 87' and included at least 33 different vehicles (Metal 87 website).
In the late 1980s, the Lang brothers disputed the direction of the company and Hans Peter departed to found his own hobby shop (Meador 2008). From this time on, the Danhausen name was minimized (though you can still find the Danhausen website, similar to that of Minichamps - see website links below) as Paul Gunter and his wife, Romy, took over and formed Paul's Model Art in the late 1990s, which is a name still used alongside the main line of Minichamps (Minichamps webpage). Paul's Model Art started a trend of moving production to China - as labor costs made models too expensive to fabricate in Europe. Generally, diecast models were increasingly made for adult clientele - so the industry was entering a new era when models would not be played with by younger folk, so the question of cars holding their value (that is, with more surviving for longer periods of time) became a central question (Rixon 2005, p. 62).
Paul's Model Art.
The first Paul's Model Art diecast car using the Minichamps name was created in 1990; a 1:43 scale GTC Audi V8 driven by Hans-Joachim Stuck. It was the German Touring Car Champion in 1990. By 1995 Minichamps was manufacturing more than 110 different castings in several hundred different racing liveries and three different scales - "and "sponsoring real racing cars (Paul's Model Art 2005). The company was officially named Minichamps GmbH in 1996. Minichamps produces die-cast models of Formula One cars and other racing cars, street cars, 1:12 scale motorcycles, trucks & buses, and military vehicles. Cars in 1:43 scale have exceptional detail including items like badges in the center of steering wheels and hubcaps, and separately molded parts for windshield visors, door handles, air vents, headlight lamp lenses, and hood badges (Rixon 2005, p. 63). Again, most models are manufactured in China.
The excellent quality of Minichamps die-cast models has been appreciated by car manufacturers, many of whom, like Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Porsche, Volkswagen, Opel and BMW, have licensed it to produce official promotional replicas. Additionally, model car collectors have sought out some of the company's 1/43 scale models paying very high prices. Possibly the best example is the McLaren F1 GTR West Promotion model made for the West cigarette company which trades for well over US $1000 on eBay. Another rare item was the Michael Schumacher Benetton B195 #17 which was recalled after an error was found: it has been known to fetch over UK £1000.
UT Models and lawsuit.
Earlier, in collaboration with Kelvin Kwan of Unique Toys (UT Models), Hong Kong, a line of 1:18 scale models also appeared (Minichamps webpage). Kwan had apparently pushed for development of most of the selection for the UT series. A small line of 1:64 models called "MicroChamps" was also introduced in 1994 but discontinued in 1999. It included a series Michael Schumacher McLaren cars. In 2009, a new line of 1:64 models was introduced called "MiniChamps 64".
Related to UT Models, in 2004, a lawsuit in Hong Kong courts was initiated by Paul's Model Art as the plaintiff. UT Models and Gateway Global and Gateway Hong Kong was accused of selling cerrtain models in Germany to which Paul's Model Art claimed to have sole distribution rights. It claimed that UT Models had used Gateway for new offerings to circumvent Paul's Model Art's marketing deal (see Johnson 1998, p. 241 for more on UT Models' relationship with Paul's Model Art). At this time the lawsuit between Paul's Model Art and AUTOArt's parent company (Gateway Global) is still ongoing (See external links for court documents).

</doc>
<doc id="2864481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864481" title="2002 ISSF World Cup">
2002 ISSF World Cup

For the 2002 ISSF World Cup in the seventeen Olympic shooting events, the World Cup Final was held in August 2002 in Munich, Germany for the rifle, pistol and running target events, and in October 2002 in Lonato, Italy for the shotgun events.
Rifle, pistol and running target.
The winners in Munich were:
Shotgun.
The winners in Lonato were:

</doc>
<doc id="2864488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864488" title="Amancay">
Amancay

Amancay is a common name of Spanish origin and may refer to several plants:

</doc>
<doc id="2864495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864495" title="Majorization">
Majorization

In mathematics, majorization is a preorder on vectors of real numbers. For a vector formula_1, we denote by formula_2 the vector with the same components, but sorted in descending order.
Given formula_3, we say that
formula_4 weakly majorizes (or dominates) formula_5 from below written as formula_6 iff
where formula_8 and formula_9 are the elements of formula_10 and formula_11, respectively, sorted in decreasing order.
Equivalently, we say that formula_11 is weakly majorized (or dominated) by formula_10 from below, denoted as formula_14.
Similarly, we say that
formula_4 weakly majorizes formula_5 from above written as formula_17 iff
Equivalently, we say that formula_11 is weakly majorized by formula_10 from above, denoted as formula_21.
If formula_6 and in addition formula_23 we say that
formula_4 majorizes (or dominates) formula_5 written as formula_26.
Equivalently, we say that formula_11 is majorized (or dominated) by formula_10, denoted as formula_29.
It is easy to see that formula_26 if and only if formula_6 and formula_17.
Note that the majorization order do not depend on the order of the components of the vectors formula_4 or formula_5. Majorization is not a partial order, since formula_26 and formula_36 do not imply formula_37, it only implies that the components of each vector are equal, but not necessarily in the same order.
Regrettably, to confuse the matter, some literature sources use the reverse notation, e.g., formula_38 is replaced with formula_39, most notably, in Horn and Johnson, Matrix analysis (Cambridge Univ. Press, 1985), Definition 4.3.24, while the same authors switch to the traditional notation, introduced here, later in their "Topics in Matrix Analysis" (1994).
A function formula_40 is said to be Schur convex when formula_41 implies formula_42. Similarly, formula_43 is Schur concave when formula_41 implies formula_45
The majorization partial order on finite sets, described here, can be generalized to the Lorenz ordering, a partial order on distribution functions.
Examples.
The order of the entries does not affect the majorization, e.g., the statement formula_46 is simply 
equivalent to formula_47.
(Strong) majorization: formula_48. For vectors with "n" components
(Weak) majorization: formula_50. For vectors with "n" components:
Geometry of Majorization.
For formula_52 we have
formula_53 if and only if formula_54 is in the convex hull of all vectors obtained by permuting the coordinates of formula_55.
Figure 1 displays the convex hull in 2D for the vector formula_56. Notice that the center of the convex hull, which is an interval in this case, is the vector formula_57. This is the "smallest" vector satisfying formula_53 for this given vector formula_55.
Figure 2 shows the convex hull in 3D. The center of the convex hull, which is a 2D polygon in this case, is the "smallest" vector formula_54 satisfying formula_53 for this given vector formula_55.
Equivalent conditions.
Each of the following statements is true if and only if formula_63:
In recursion theory.
Given formula_88, then formula_89 is said to "majorize" formula_90 if, for all formula_91, formula_92. If there is some formula_93 so that formula_92 for all formula_95, then formula_89 is said to "dominate" (or "eventually dominate") formula_90. Alternatively, the preceding terms are often defined requiring the strict inequality formula_98 instead of formula_92 in the foregoing definitions.
Generalizations.
Various generalizations of majorization are discussed in chapters 14 and 15 of the reference work "Inequalities: Theory of Majorization and Its Applications". Albert W. Marshall, Ingram Olkin, Barry Arnold. Second edition. Springer Series in Statistics. Springer, New York, 2011. ISBN 978-0-387-40087-7

</doc>
<doc id="2864497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864497" title="Windermere School">
Windermere School

Windermere School is an independent, co-educational boarding and day school in the English Lake District. It has approximately 400 pupils between the ages of 2 and 18, a third of whom are boarders. Windermere Preparatory School caters for pupils up to the age of 11, after which they transfer to the senior department. Originally a girls' school, boys have been admitted since 1999. Windermere was previously known as 'St Anne's School, Windermere'. It is a member of Round Square and the Society of Headmasters & Headmistresses of Independent Schools. The Good Schools Guide describes Windermere as 'a school which revels in a hearty approach to everything from academia to friendships'.
History.
The school was founded in 1863 in the Lancashire coastal town of Lytham, by the young schoolmistresses Elizabeth Hall and Catherine Sharpe. Its first premises were rooms in Miss Hall's parents' house, 'The Coppice', near the Lytham seafront. The school moved into its own house on Agnes Street two years later. It was named 'The School for the Accomplished', and catered for the daughters (and a few sons) of wealthy Lancashire industrialists. Miss Hall and Miss Sharpe later moved it to Belgrave House on St Anne's Road West in the new town of St Annes-on-Sea, two miles up the coast. Boy pupils were fazed out during this time and the ever-expanding girls' school eventually moved again to a purpose-built house at 40, North Promenade, St Annes, in 1887, as 'St Anne's High School for Girls'.
The biggest upheaval came in 1924, when the school left Lancashire for the Browhead Estate in Windermere, Cumbria. The then vacant house had been acquired by joint headmistresses Helen Leigh and E.M. Morrison, possibly with financial assistance from Mrs Leigh's husband. The name was altered to 'St Anne's School, Windermere' and it has remained, and expanded, at Browhead ever since. The neighbouring estate of Elleray was acquired in 1944 to house the school's preparatory department.
Young boys had been educated at Elleray since the 1970s, and boys were finally admitted to the senior school in 1999. Boys now make up half the school roll across all ages.
The school's name was simplified to 'Windermere School' in 2010, at which point Elleray became 'Windermere Preparatory School'.
Curriculum.
The National Curriculum is followed at all levels. Sixth form students may pursue the International Baccalaureate Diploma and the International Baccalaureate Careers Certificate.
Sport.
Sport is a compulsory part of the curriculum for all pupils. The major competitive sports are netball, hockey, football, tennis, cricket and athletics, in which regular competitive opportunities are provided and support is given to the many students who participate at county level and beyond. Basketball, rounders, cross-country running, volleyball and rugby are offered as club sports at the school. Riding is another recreational activity within the activities programme and the school supports many serious competitors who are involved up to international level.
Outdoor Education.
Outdoor Education is a compulsory part of the curriculum for pupils up to the age of 14. The outdoor curriculum includes mountaineering, orienteering, ghyll-scrambling and rock-climbing, as well as a full watersports programme from Hodge Howe, the school's watersports centre on Windermere, England's largest lake. Sixth formers can opt to undertake the International Baccalaureate Career Certificate, combining core academic elements of the International Baccalaureate with a BTEC in Sport and Adventure.
The Arts.
The Music department offers a wide range of organised group musical activities which include the orchestra, chamber ensembles for string and wind instruments, junior and senior choirs, a madrigal group and jazz, flute, string and saxophone groups. Individual tuition is also offered, and Music is offered as a GCSE and IB option.
Drama/Theatre Studies is also offered at all stages of the curriculum. Every year the Drama/Theatre, Art and Music departments combine forces to produce a major musical which is performed to public audiences in December. The Spring Term offers the opportunity for student-led performances in the Inter-House Performing Arts Competition in early February and the term ends with the more serious senior drama production. In the summer term the Drama Club performs a small-scale production to the whole school.
The Dance department is based in a purpose-built studio. All grades of ballet instruction and different levels of tap and jazz dance are currently on offer to the students, in which they can be prepared for the appropriate examinations.
Estates.
Browhead.
The senior school is based at the Browhead campus — a wooded, fellside estate of 92 acres, a mile from the village of Windermere. At its heart is a large Victorian mansion, which houses the school's administrative centre, library, and girls' boarding accommodation on the upper floors. Crampton Hall was added in 1967. Other buildings on site include the Westmorland and Langdale boarding houses for sixth formers and boys respectively, a science complex, additional classrooms, Jenkins Centre (for the music, performing arts and languages departments, plus dining hall and kitchens), the art and technology department at South Lodge, additional staff accommodation at North Lodge, the Headmaster's house (Brow Wood), the Astroturf hockey pitch, tennis courts, sports hall and sports field. Much of the landscaping and planting date from the nineteenth century, and the estate is home to a variety of rare plants and trees.
Elleray.
Windermere Preparatory School occupies the neighbouring estate of Elleray, on the outskirts of Windermere. A large Victorian house forms the centre of the school, and more recent extensions house its infant and nursery departments. Elleray has its own football/rugby pitches and tennis court, and the surrounding fields serve as a large playground. Three eco-friendly 'pod' classrooms were built in 2009.
Hodge Howe.
The school's third campus is its watersports centre, Hodge Howe, on the shore of Windermere. There is a central pavilion with changing facilities, a boathouse, harbour and extensive wooded grounds. Hodge Howe has accreditation from the British Canoe Union and the Adventure Activities Licensing Authority, as well as being an RYA Teaching Centre.
Boarding.
Boarding has been a central tradition since the school's foundation. Today, boarders account for approximately half the senior school pupils, and there are a small number from the preparatory school. Boarders live in one of three houses, all at the senior school site:
Westmorland House.
Westmorland House is the Sixth Form centre, acting as both boarding house and study centre for students aged 16 to 18. Boarders live in single-sex flats of five, complete with kitchenette and a common room. Day students are also assigned to a flat. There are also central common rooms and computer facilities. The Houseparent couple and their family have their own flat in the building, as do other house staff.
Browhead.
Browhead houses girl boarders from the ages of eight to 16. It comprises the two upper floors of the main school building, Browhead. The girls sleep in dormitories until Year 9 (ages 14/15), after which they transfer to double or single study bedrooms for their two GCSE years. Many of the Browhead rooms retain original Victorian features, such as sash windows and cast-iron fireplaces.
Langdale House.
Langdale houses boy boarders from the ages of eight to 16. Purpose-built in a wooden Scandinavian style in 2001, it operates the same sleeping arrangements as Browhead.
House Teams.
For competitive purposes, the school is divided into four linear 'houses' in the team sense. They are Cavendish (red), Flemyng (blue), Lonsdale (green) and Strickland (yellow). Numerous inter-house sports competitions are held during the year, as well as the Interhouse Performing Arts Competition, which involves the whole school.
Uniform.
Girls wear a navy kilt and jumper worn over a white and navy striped blouse. In addition, girls still wear the striped 'deckchair' blazer — one of the few reminders of the school's seaside past. Boys wear a plain navy blazer and grey trousers, with a white shirt and navy school tie. Sixth formers wear dark suits of their own choosing.
Stannites.
Former Windermere pupils are known as 'Stannites', a word derived from the school's original name. The Stannite Association organises annual reunions and other events. Notable Stannites include:

</doc>
<doc id="2864510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864510" title="Bruce Allen (physicist)">
Bruce Allen (physicist)

Bruce Allen (born May 11, 1959) is an American physicist and director of the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics in Hannover Germany and leader of the Einstein@Home project for the LIGO Scientific Collaboration. He is also a physics professor at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. 
He has done research work on models of the very early universe (inflationary cosmology, cosmic strings). Allen currently leads a research group working on the detection of gravitational waves. Allen's research work has been funded by the US National Science Foundation since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2864511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864511" title="Interstate 240 (Oklahoma)">
Interstate 240 (Oklahoma)

Interstate 240 (abbreviated I-240) is an Interstate Highway in Oklahoma, USA, that runs 16.22 miles (26.1 km) west from Interstate 40 to Interstate 44 in southern Oklahoma City. After its terminus in southwest Oklahoma City, the main I-240 roadbed becomes Interstate 44 and Airport Road toward Will Rogers World Airport. The interstate overlaps SH-3, the longest Oklahoma state highway, for its entire length.
Major destinations along the route include Crossroads Mall, Tinker Air Force Base, and the heavily populated Southside of Oklahoma City. With just under of commercial space, I-240 is a major corridor of retail, industrial and office space. As of 2012, however, the corridor included some "pockets of shuttered stores and creeping shabbiness" and local planners were in the first stages of efforts to revitalize the corridor.
I-240's service road is named S.E. 74th Street.
Route description.
From the western terminus at I-44, I-240/US-62/SH-3 runs east towards Interstate 35. The western half is the busier of the two sections, serving the Southside area of Oklahoma City and traffic headed to the airport. This segment has a configuration of ramps that causes much weaving and many accidents. An entrance ramp will merge onto the highway, forming a new lane. This new lane will then become an Exit Only lane for the next exit. However, the exits are not spaced very far apart, causing entering and exiting traffic to conflict. (For a satellite photo, see. ) Signs were installed in October 2004 designating the western half of I-240 as the "Keith Leftwich Memorial Loop", in honor of a state senator who died recently. I-240 meets I-35 at a cloverleaf interchange. US-62 splits off to join with I-35 northbound at this interchange.
The section of I-240 east of I-35 exists primarily to serve the now-closed General Motors plant and Tinker Air Force Base. Crossroads Mall can also be accessed via Exit 4C for Pole Road. This section is much less traveled, having only four lanes (two in each direction) for much of its length. At I-240's eastern terminus with I-40, motorists traveling eastbound on I-240 are forced to merge onto I-40 eastbound—there is no I-40 West off-ramp. (Those wishing to take I-40 West must exit off of I-240 a mile earlier at Anderson Road, a surface street, and travel on it northbound until they reach I-40, or continue east on I-40 before turning around at Choctaw Road.)
History.
The section of what is now I-240 between I-35 and current I-44 was already complete in 1965 as an alignment of US-62. When the Interstate route was initially established in the 1960s, I-240 ran from its current eastern terminus around the city, turning north at the present interchange with I-44, continuing on the present course of I-44 to its present southern junction with I-35. (Interstate 44 ended near Edmond at the western end of the Turner Turnpike at the time.) I-240 thus nearly created a loop around the city, intersecting both I-35 and I-40 twice. The section east of I-35 to its eastern terminus at I-40 was completed in 1973. The entirety of the route was complete in 1976. In 1978, Interstate 240 was 31.76 miles (51.11 km) long.
As part of Oklahoma's 75th anniversary (Diamond Jubilee) celebrations in 1982, ODOT extended I-44 to Lawton and Wichita Falls, Texas along the H.E. Bailey Turnpike. This caused I-240 to be truncated to its current western terminus near Will Rogers World Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="2864526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864526" title="Bureau of Navigation (United States Navy)">
Bureau of Navigation (United States Navy)

The U.S. Navy's Bureau of Navigation was established in 1862 as part of the reorganization of the Navy Department. Principal responsibilities were to provide nautical charts and instruments and to oversee several activities involved navigation research, including the Naval Observatory. In 1889, the Bureau gained responsibilities for personnel management, and this eventually became its primary function. In 1942, the Bureau was renamed the Bureau of Naval Personnel (BuPers), under which name it continues today.
This bureau is not to be confused with the federal Bureau of Navigation (later the Bureau of Navigation and Steamboat Inspection), established in 1884 to oversee commercial shipping and navigation.
Early years, 1862 to 1889.
The Navy's Bureau of Navigation was one of three bureaus created by Congress on July 5, 1862, to supersede the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repair, one of the original Navy Department bureaus established on August 31, 1842, to replace the Board of Navy Commissioners. 
The new Bureau was initially responsible for providing nautical charts and instruments and for supervising the US Naval Observatory, the Hydrographic Office, and the Nautical Almanac Office. It also had responsibility for the United States Naval Academy, which previously under been under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography. In 1867, the Navy Department took the Academy under direct supervision, but for many years the Bureau of Navigation continued to provide routine administration and financial management.
From 1865-1884, the Bureau was responsible for the Office of Detail, which handled the assignment and detailing of naval officers. That Office had been established in March 1861, just prior to the outbreak of the Civil War, in the Office of the Secretary of the Navy. The Office of Detail reverted to the Secretary's office on October 1, 1884, but was restored to the Bureau of Navigation a few months later, May 22, 1885. The Office of Detail was reorganized within the Bureau in 1889 as the Division of Officers and Fleet.
Reorganization and acquisition of personnel functions, 1889.
The Bureau of Navigation permanently acquired personnel responsibilities in the late 1880s, as part of a Navy Department reorganization. The Bureau exchanged functions with the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting on June 30, 1889, becoming responsible for enlisted personnel matters. The Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting (later renamed the Bureau of Equipment) acquired responsibility for the Naval Observatory, the Nautical Almanac Office and several other equipment-related offices. Responsibility for the Hydrographic Office was acquired from the Bureau of Navigation nine years, later on May 9, 1898.
The Hydrographic Office and the Naval Observatory (which had taken over the Nautical Almanac Office) returned to the Bureau of Navigation on July 1910. This followed an act of Congress of June 24, 1910 which dispersed the functions of the Bureau of Equipment. 
On November 18, 1909, the Bureau of Navigation became part of the Navy Department's newly established Division of Personnel. Status as an autonomous bureau was regained when the Division of Personnel was abolished on April 25, 1913. 
Becoming the Bureau of Naval Personnel, 1942.
The shift in focus from navigation to personnel management, brought a change in name during World War II. In 1942, the Bureau of Navigation was redesignated the Bureau of Naval Personnel (BuPers), under which name it still exists today. The Hydrographic Office and the Naval Observatory were transferred to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations.

</doc>
<doc id="2864530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864530" title="Lois Wilson (actress)">
Lois Wilson (actress)

Lois Wilson (June 28, 1894 – March 3, 1988) was an American actress who worked during the silent film era. She also directed two short films and was a scenario writer.
Early life.
Born in Pennsylvania, Wilson's family moved to Alabama when she was still very young. She earned a degree from Alabama Normal College (now the University of West Alabama), and became a school teacher. Wilson moved to California when she won a beauty contest put on by Universal Studios and the Birmingham News in 1915. This pageant was the predecessor to the Miss Alabama/Miss America pageant system, and Wilson is considered the first Miss Alabama. Upon arriving in Hollywood, she secured a small part in "The Dumb Girl of Portici", which starred the ballerina Anna Pavlova.
Career.
After appearing in several films at various studios, Wilson settled in at Paramount Pictures in 1919, where she remained until 1927. She was a WAMPAS Baby Star of 1922, and all told, appeared in 150 movies. Her most recognized screen portrayals are Molly Wingate in "The Covered Wagon" (1923) and Daisy Buchanan in the silent film version of "The Great Gatsby" (1926). She acted opposite such leading male stars of her era as Rudolph Valentino and John Gilbert.
Wilson played both romantic leads and character parts. Despite making a successful transition to sound, Wilson was dissatisfied with the roles she received in the 1930s and she soon retired in 1941, making only three films after 1939. Lois ventured to Broadway and television following her final role in "The Girl From Jones Beach" (1949) with Ronald Reagan. Wilson played in the network soap operas "The Guiding Light" in (1952) and "The Edge of Night". She portrayed featured character roles.
Wilson was also the model of the Philadelphia Sesquicentennial Celebration's official poster, "America Welcomes the World" in 1926.
Personal life.
She was once described as having a screen image of "the soft, marrying kind of woman"; in real life, however, she never married. She was chosen by Paramount Pictures to represent the motion picture industry at the British Empire Exposition of 1924. She was described as "a typical example of the American girl in character, culture and beauty".
Lois Wilson died of pneumonia at Riverside Hospital for Skilled Care in Reno, Nevada at the age of 93. She was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale. Her funeral service was conducted at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
Filmography.
The following is a list of films that Lois Wilson either directed, acted in, wrote or produced.
Silent
Sound

</doc>
<doc id="2864535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864535" title="Mazarrón">
Mazarrón

Mazarrón is a municipality in the autonomous community and province of Murcia, southeastern Spain. The municipality has an area of , and a population (2008) of more than 34,351 inhabitants. A military fort (named C1 or "Castillitos"-small castles) built between 1930 and 1936 during the reign of Alfonso XIII of Spain and the Second Spanish Republic exists as a tourist attraction on the old road between Mazarrón and Cartagena, and although it is accessible from the Bay of Mazarrón it is not in the municipality itself.
The Bay of Mazarrón is sheltered by the last foothills of the Sierra de la Almenara, a mining area since the Carthaginian era. Over 35 km of beaches, unspoiled coves and rocky sea beds. Due to the nature of the surrounding rocks, however, the beach at Bolnuevo is of coarse grit, as are most of the beaches along this part of the coast.
The Torre de los Caballos on Los Caballos peak were built for the town's protection against pirates from the mid-16th to the early 18th centuries.
The economic development of the early 20th century led to the construction of emblematic buildings in the style known as Murcian Modernism, including the Mazarrón Town Hall and the former Cultural Athenaeum.
The guns in Cartagena were built to defend the vital port of Cartagena in the 20th century, these guns alongside the fort and other coastal defences, stand 56 feet long, weighing a total of 88 tons each and being able to fire at a range of some 20 miles. 
External links.
Unfortunately the beach at Bolnuevo is made up of coarse grit. In nearby Port De Mazarron the beaches are made of finer grit, but still not sand.

</doc>
<doc id="2864553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864553" title="NPD Group">
NPD Group

The NPD Group, Inc. (formerly "National Purchase Diary") is a market research company. The NPD Group consistently ranks among the top 25 market research companies in the independent Honomichl Top 50 report, which the media and the research industry acknowledge as a credible source of information on the market research industry. For 2010, NPD ranked 10th according to this report. NPD was founded in 1967 and provides market information and advisory services to companies. Using actual sales data from retailers and distributors as well as consumer-reported purchasing behavior, NPD offers consumer panel and retail sales tracking services, special reports, analytic solutions, and advisory services. Covered industries include automotive, beauty, consumer electronics, entertainment, fashion, food/foodservice, home, luxury, mobile, office supplies, sports, technology (commercial technology, information technology, displays, solar), toys, and video games. 
The NPD Group is headquartered in Port Washington, New York with offices across the United States, Asia, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and in Australia.
The company's Chief Executive officer is Tod Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="2864561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864561" title="Panhwar">
Panhwar

Panhwar or Panwar () are a Sindhi Muslim Rajput tribe found in Sindh, Punjab and Azad Kashmir in Pakistan. The term Panwhar is used for the Parmar Rajputs clans that have converted to Islam, and are settled in what is now Pakistani territory.
History.
The Panhwar or Panhwer originate from the Parmar Rajputs they converted to Islam during the reign of the Samma Dynasty. Many of the Panhwar even originate from Sufi masters and particularly identify themselves with the legendary story of Umar and Marvi.
References.
Web Site of Panhwar
http://www.panhwar.com

</doc>
<doc id="2864563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864563" title="The Rover (novel)">
The Rover (novel)

The Rover is the last complete novel by Joseph Conrad, written between 1921 and 1922. It was first published in 1923.
Plot summary.
The story takes place in the south of France, against the backdrop of the French Revolution, Napoleon's rise to power, and the French-English rivalry in the Mediterranean. Peyrol (a master-gunner in the French republican navy, pirate, and for nearly fifty years "rover of the outer seas") attempts to find refuge in an isolated farmhouse (Escampobar) on the Giens Peninsula near Hyères.
The story is about Peyrol's attempt at withdrawal from an action- and blood-filled life; his involvement with the pariahs of Escampobar; the struggle for his identity and allegiance, which is resolved in his last voyage.
Trivia.
Conrad placed on the title page an epigraph taken from Edmund Spenser's "The Faerie Queene":
This also became Conrad's epitaph.

</doc>
<doc id="2864569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864569" title="Trout Fishing in America (band)">
Trout Fishing in America (band)

Trout Fishing in America is a musical duo which performs folk rock and children's music. The duo is composed of Keith Grimwood (upright bass, Clevinger bass, bass guitar, vocals) and Ezra Idlet (acoustic guitar, electric guitar, banjo, vocals). They took their name from the novel "Trout Fishing in America" by Richard Brautigan.
Grimwood attended the University of Houston and played in the Houston Symphony Orchestra after graduation, whereas Idlet left a college basketball team to pursue rock and roll. The two met while performing together in the Houston-based folk-rock band Wheatfield, later renamed St. Elmo's Fire. When St. Elmo's Fire dissolved in 1979, Grimwood and Idlet formed Trout Fishing in America on the streets of Santa Cruz, California. The band was based for many years in Houston, Texas, but moved to the Prairie Grove, Arkansas area in 1992.
Their song "When I Was a Dinosaur" became a favorite of Dr. Demento, who played it frequently on his radio program.
Trout Fishing in America has received much critical recognition for both family and adult music. This includes three National Indie Awards, numerous Parents Choice awards and four Grammy Award nominations in the Best Musical Album for Children category; first for their 2001 release "inFINity", then for their 2004 release "Merry Fishes to All", then for their 2006 live performance release "My Best Day" (engineered by Michael Nelson of the Pulaski County Assessor's Office) and most recently for their 2008 release "Big Round World".
In addition to their albums and tours, Trout Fishing in America conducts songwriting workshops in schools and in communities. 
Trout Fishing in America has also written two children's books with accompanying CDs: "My Name is Chicken Joe" and "Chicken Joe Forgets Something Important"]. Both books were published by Canadian publisher The Secret Mountain and illustrated by Stéphane Jorisch.
Discography.
All releases under the Trout Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="2864573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864573" title="Officer Candidates School (United States Marine Corps)">
Officer Candidates School (United States Marine Corps)

The United States Marine Corps Officer Candidates School (OCS) is the entry-level training for Marine officers, equivalent to recruit training for enlisted Marines. Located at Marine Corps Base Quantico, the school trains, screens, and evaluates potential Marine Corps officers. Unlike the other United States military services, the majority of Marine Corps officers complete OCS to earn a commission; the exceptions are midshipmen from the United States Naval Academy, limited duty officers, and inter-service transfers. 
Depending on the source, Officer Candidates go through either a 10-week, or two 6-week courses over separate summers, designed primarily to screen and evaluate candidates' fitness to lead Marines by placing them in leadership positions in a stressful environment. Students are evaluated during 2-3 day garrison command billets at the company and platoon level, and squad and fire-team level tactical billets during field exercises.
History.
Prior to World War I, Marine officers came primarily from the Naval Academy, or were commissioned from the enlisted ranks. But as the Marine Corps expanded, it needed its own training pipeline for officers. OCS traces its roots to the "School of Application", established in 1891 in Washington, D.C. With the expansion of the Marine Corps for World War I, all instructional efforts were consolidated--first at Marine Corps Station, Philadelphia, then in 1940 at MCB Quantico, where they remain today.
Location.
OCS is currently located at Brown Field at Marine Corps Base Quantico. The Platoon Leaders Class Juniors was at Camp Upshur until 1986, but was subsequently consolidated with the seniors at Brown Field.
Selection and entry.
Entry to the Officer Candidates School comes from several different commissioning programs: 
Officer Candidates must pass a series of tests before being admitted into the Officer Candidate School. An Officer Selection Officer, usually a Captain, meets with a prospective Officer Candidate. Upon completing a satisfactory interview, the OSO then makes the decision to move the prospective candidate onto the next step. The prospective candidate then must complete a short essay about why he wants to be a Marine Officer, provide identification (usually a birth certificate and Social Security card), pass a background check, provide five letters of recommendation, and complete a physical medical exam.
After successful completion of these steps, the OSO may then conduct the Officer Candidate through a Physical Fitness Test. Upon reaching a score on the test that the OSO deems to be acceptable (usually in the range of 285 and above), the Officer Candidate then signs the contract (including the contract to attend the course, the fraternization policy acknowledgement, and the Marine Corps drug policy acknowledgement). Candidates choose to enter the program as either a ground, air, or law contract.
All of this information is sent to a review board, which will vote to decide if the Candidate should be accepted to Officer Candidate School. These review boards generally convene only once a month. After receiving a majority vote of acceptance from the review board, the Officer Candidate is officially accepted into the Officer Candidate Program and scheduled for a class.
Training.
OCS screens potential officers using a program designed to test and assess the candidates with an emphasis on confidence and leadership abilities. This includes evaluated events such as the leadership reaction course and small unit leader evaluation exercise.
Regardless of course, the instructors usually include officers to handle most academic instruction, enlisted sergeant instructors (Staff Noncommissioned Officers taken from the drill instructor community) to conduct most of the day-to-day management, and other instructors (most often non-commissioned officers) to teach most field skills. Officer Candidates on both courses have many related expenses (including travel to and from Officer Candidate School, meals, and lodging) paid for them, and receive a stipend while in training to pay for uniforms, books, and other supplies. The Training and Education Command designs the program of instruction for OCS.
Platoon Leaders Class.
The Platoon Leaders Class normally consists of two six-week training sessions taken between consecutive school years, which occur in the summers with no commitment during the school year. Young men and women at any accredited four-year college or university are eligible for this class.
Officer Candidates that attend the Platoon Leaders Class may opt for either the PLC Juniors/Seniors program or the PLC Combined program. In the Juniors/Seniors program, a freshman may attend the PLC Junior course the summer between their freshman and sophomore years, then attend the PLC Senior course the summer before his senior year begins. Sophomores can attend the PLC Junior course the summer before their junior year in school and the PLC Senior course the following summer. PLC Combined is a ten-week program for those interested in completing officer screening during a single summer after completing their junior year in college.
Training includes academic and field topics. Academic subjects covered include Marine Corps history, leadership, close order drill, weapons handling, and general military subjects such as land navigation, the Uniform Code of Military Justice, interior guard, moral and ethical leadership, and basic combat. PLC candidates need to be physically fit as the physical training is demanding, for example, Officer Candidates in a PLC Senior course run and hike an average of or more during a six-week period.
Those who opt for the Juniors/Seniors program will find that the divided program is tailored to provide progressive training. The Junior course is an introduction into the Marine Corps, and allows the candidates to be evaluated and motivated for a possible commission. Physical training, small unit leadership, and basic infantry tactics are addressed, as well as significant academic instruction. PLC Seniors is an advanced course of indoctrination and contains similar physical training, small unit leadership, infantry tactics, and academics; but at a faster rate and with more instructor-induced stress. Those candidates who opt for the combined course cover the same areas of instruction, but it is integrated without the need to reevaluate candidates due to a year-long gap. NROTC midshipmen attend the PLC Seniors course for their final summer cruise, nicknamed "Bulldog".
Officer Candidates Course.
The main alternative is the Officer Candidates Course, which is designed for college seniors or graduates and enlisted Marines, and consists of one ten-week training session. While the curriculum is identical to the 10-week PLC Combined session, OCC is held three times a year (winter, summer, and fall), and accepts only college graduates. Additionally, graduates of OCC are commissioned immediately upon graduation of OCS.
The Quigley.
The Quigley is a legendary water obstacle used in training at OCS. Lieutenant Colonel William J. Quigley, a veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam Wars, designed it in 1967. It consists of a long canal with cement culverts submerged in swampy, snake infested water; candidates must swim through the Quigley as a part of the OCS training program.
Further training.
Officer candidates who complete OCS (and have obtained their college degrees) are then commissioned as Second Lieutenants and sent to The Basic School (TBS) at Quantico for six months of further training with other newly commissioned Marine officers from all other commissioning programs. At TBS, they receive the skills and knowledge necessary to lead Marines in combat; much like "every Marine is a rifleman", every officer is introduced to the skills necessary to lead a provisional rifle platoon.

</doc>
<doc id="2864586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864586" title="Timur Kuran">
Timur Kuran

Timur Kuran is a Turkish American economist, Professor of Economics and Political Science, and Gorter Family Professor in Islamic Studies at Duke University. His teaching and research draw on multiple disciplines, including economics, political science, history, and legal studies.
Early life and education.
Born in 1954 in New York City, where his parents lived while graduate students at Yale University, Kuran spent his early childhood in Ankara, where his father taught at the Middle East Technical University. When he was a teenager, his family moved to Istanbul. For a decade, he lived just off the campus of Boğaziçi University, where his father was president and professor of Islamic architectural history.
Kuran obtained his secondary education in Turkey, graduating from Robert College in Istanbul in 1973. He then studied economics at Princeton University, graduating magna cum laude in 1977. He went on to Stanford University to obtain a doctorate in economics. His doctoral supervisor was Kenneth Arrow, a Nobel laureate.
Career.
Professor Kuran has written extensively on the evolution of preferences and institutions, with contributions to the study of hidden preferences, the unpredictability of social revolutions, the dynamics of ethnic conflict, perceptions of discrimination, and the evolution of morality. His best known theoretical work is "Private Truths, Public Lies: The Social Consequences of Preference Falsification" (Harvard University Press), which deals with the repercussions of being dishonest about what one knows and wants. Since its original publication in 1995, this book has appeared also in German, Swedish, Turkish, and Chinese.
Kuran has also written on Islam and the Middle East, with an initial focus on contemporary attempts to restructure economies according to Islamic teachings. Several of his essays on this topic are included in "Islam and Mammon: The Economic Predicaments of Islamism" (Princeton University Press), which has been translated into Turkish and Arabic. Since the mid-1990s he has turned his attention to the conundrum of why the Middle East, which once had a high standard of living by global standards, subsequently fell behind in various realms, including economic production, organizational capability, technological creativity, democratization, and military strength.
His thesis is that the economic and educational institutions of Islam, though well-suited to the era in which they emerged, were poorly suited to a dynamic industrial economy. These institutions fostered social equilibria that reduced the likelihood of modern capitalism emerging from within Islamic civilization. His recent articles have identified obstacles involving inheritance practices, contract law, procedures of the courts, the absence of corporations, the financial system, and the delivery of social services.
From 1990 to 2008 Kuran served as editor of an interdisciplinary book series published by the University of Michigan Press. This series was re-established at Cambridge University Press in 2009 under the title "Cambridge Studies in Economics, Cognition and Society". He has served, or currently serves, on the editorial or advisory boards of numerous scholarly journals. He taught at University of Southern California between 1982 and 2007, where he held the King Faisal professorship in Islamic thought and culture from 1993 onwards. From 2005 to 2007, he was Director of USC's Institute for Economic Research on Civilizations, which he founded. In 1989–90 he was a member of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton; in 1996–97 he held the John Olin visiting professorship at the Graduate School of Business, University of Chicago; and in 2004–05 he was visiting professor of economics at Stanford University. He is currently a member of the Executive Committee of the International Economic Association.
Research.
Four themes stand out in Timur Kuran’s works: preference falsification, the role of Islam in the economic performance of the Middle East, Islamic economics, and the political effects of Islam.
Preference falsification.
In articulating preferences, individuals frequently tailor their choices to what appears socially acceptable. In other words, they convey preferences that differ from what they genuinely want. Kuran calls the resulting misrepresentation “preference falsification.” In his 1995 book, "Private Truths, Public Lies", he argues that the phenomenon is ubiquitous and that it has huge social and political consequences. These consequences all hinge on interdependencies between individual decisions as to what preference to convey publicly. A person who hides his discontent about a fashion, policy, or political regime makes it harder for others to express discontent.
One socially significant consequence of preference falsification is thus widespread public support for social options that would be rejected decisively in a vote taken by secret ballot. Privately unpopular policies may be retained indefinitely as people reproduce conformist social pressures through individual acts of preference falsification.
In falsifying preferences, people hide the knowledge on which it rests. In the process, they distort, corrupt, and impoverish the knowledge in the public domain. They make it harder for others to become informed about the drawbacks of existing arrangements and the merits of their alternatives. Another consequence of preference falsification is thus widespread ignorance about the advantages of change. Over long periods, preference falsification can dampen a community’s capacity to want change by bringing about intellectual narrowness and ossification.
The first of these consequences is driven by people’s need for social approval, the second by their reliance on each other for information.
Kuran has applied these observations to a range of contexts. He has used the theory developed in "Private Truths, Public Lies" to explain why major political revolutions catch us by surprise, how ethnic tensions can feed on themselves, why India’s caste system has been a powerful social force for millennia, and why minor risks sometimes generate mass hysteria.
Unanticipated revolutions.
The fall of East European communism in 1989 came as a massive surprise. Iran’s Islamic Revolution of 1978–79 stunned the CIA, the KGB, the Shah of Iran that it toppled, and even the Ayatollah Khomeini, whom it catapulted to power. The Russian Revolution of 1917 stunned Lenin, the deposed Romanovs, and foreign diplomats stationed in St. Petersburg. No one foresaw the French Revolution of 1789, not even the rioters who brought it about. In each of these cases, a massive shift in political power occurred when long-submerged sentiments burst to the surface, with public opposition to the incumbent regime feeding on itself. Preference falsification explains why the incumbent regime appeared stable almost until the eve of its collapse. People ready to oppose it publicly kept their opposition private until a coincidence of factors gave them the motivation and the courage to bring their discontents out in the open. In switching sides, they encouraged other hidden opponents to join the opposition themselves. Through the resulting bandwagon process, fear changed sides. No longer did opponents of the old regime feel that they would be punished for being sincere; genuine supporters of the old regime started falsifying their preferences, pretending that the turn of events met their approval.
Timur Kuran first identified this mechanism in an April 1989 article entitled “Sparks and Prairie Fires: A Theory of Unanticipated Political Revolutions,” which offered the cases of 1789, 1917, and 1978–79 as examples of revolutions that stunned the world. A few months later, the pattern was repeated in Eastern Europe. Kuran proceeded to explain why seasoned experts of the communist bloc were caught off guard in “Now Out of Never: The Element of Surprise in the East European Revolution of 1989,” published in 1991. These two papers, like related chapters of "Private Truths, Public Lies", suggest that political revolutions and shifts in political opinion in general will catch the world by surprise again and again, because of people’s readiness to conceal their political proclivities under perceived social pressures.
Asked in an interview whether he thinks that revolutions or counter-revolutions are imminent in the Islamic Middle East, he responded that although most Middle Eastern regimes are unstable due to lack of genuine legitimacy, the required shifts in Middle Eastern public opinion are unpredictable. If Middle Eastern regimes do collapse like a house of cards, he adds, most observers will be stunned, though there will be no shortage of commentators who will say “I told you so.”
Ethnification and ethnic conflict.
Through a series of articles published in the late 1990s, including "Ethnic Norms and Their Transformation through Reputational Cascades" (1998), Kuran applied the concept of preference falsification to ethnic relations, with a focus on "ethnification," the process whereby ethnic origins, ethnic symbols, and ethnic ties gain salience and practical significance. In most societies, he observes, ethnicity serves as a source of identity without preventing cooperation, exchanges, socializing and intermarriage across ethnic boundaries. Such societies generate social forces that preserve that condition. People with hatred toward other ethnic groups keep that hatred in check to avoid being punished for divisiveness. If political and economic shocks weaken those forces, a process of ethnification may get under way. Specifically, people may start highlighting their ethnic particularities and discriminating against ethnic others. The emerging social pressures will then lead to further ethnification, possibly leading to spiraling ethnic conflict.
Kuran uses this argument to explain how the former Yugoslavia, once touted as the model of a civilized multiethnic nation, became ethnically segregated over a short period and dissolved into ethnically based enclaves at war with one another.
An implication of Kuran's analysis is that similarly developed countries may exhibit very different levels of ethnic activity. Another is that ethnically based hatreds constitute by-products of ethnification rather than its mainspring.
Perseverance of India’s caste system.
India’s caste system is often cited as an example of cultural petrification. For more than two millennia it has divided Indian society into ranked occupational units known as castes, surviving invasions as well as the spread of Islam and Christianity. Although discrimination against low-ranked castes is now illegal, caste norms remain a powerful force in Indian life.
Observing that the caste system survived for centuries with remarkably little use of force, Kuran attributes the persistence to preference falsification driven by the threat of ostracism. Because various castes were economically interdependent, individual castes could not break away from it, and individuals who challenged it were punished by all segments of society, including their fellow peers.
A related puzzle is the Hindu doctrine of karma, which posits that a low-caste person will move into a higher caste in his next life if he accepts his deprivation and patiently fulfills the duties of his caste. Conversely, he will move down in rank if he rebels and fails to perform. Kuran attributes the ideological hold of the karma doctrine to distortions in relevant discourses induced by the knowledge falsification that accompanies preference falsification. Indian public discourses treated anticaste ideas as unthinkable, inducing people with egalitarian views to conceal from others their doubts about Hindu tenets.
This thesis provides a unified explanation for caste restrictions and caste ideology. Three chapters of "Private Truths, Public Lies" develop the full argument.
Availability cascades and risk regulation.
“Availability cascade” is a concept that Timur Kuran developed jointly with Cass Sunstein, initially through a 1999 article entitled “Availability Cascades and Risk Regulation.” An availability cascade is a process of collective belief formation whereby an expressed perception triggers reactions that make that perception seem increasingly plausible through its rising availability in public discourse. The driving mechanism ordinarily involves a combination of informational and reputational motives. Individuals endorse the perception partly because they base their own beliefs on the apparent beliefs of others. The other motivation is social acceptance, which individuals achieve through preference falsification.
Kuran and Sunstein observe that availability entrepreneurs – activists who aim to control the content of public discourse – engineer availability cascades to further their own agendas. Their availability campaigns may do great harm. Many popular scares about innocuous products and insignificant dangers have been driven by campaigns that combine the spread of misinformation with the intimidation of doubters. Once public discourse turns in favor of the initiated agenda, fear feeds on itself, as expressed perceptions of danger shape the perceptions of others, and doubters silence themselves. Episodes of mass hysteria have lasting consequences for public policy and the law.
Illustrating how availability cascades influence the regulation of risks associated with production, consumption, and the environment, Kuran and Sunstein have also proposed reforms to alleviate their adverse effects. These include new institutions to give policy makers better insulation against sudden mass demands for new market restrictions. They also include the implementation of product disparagement laws and the creation of an easily accessible scientific database to reduce people’s dependence on popular perceptions for information on risks whose accurate measurement requires advanced scientific techniques.
Other contributions.
Econ Journal Watch, in September 2009, published a series of four introspective essays on preference falsification in the economics profession.
Economist David R. Hakes confessed to intentionally complicating a piece of research with excessive equations and proofs in order to obtain publication in an academic journal. The article had previously been rejected on grounds that the results were too "self-evident"; but after increasing the level of mathematical complexity and leaving the conclusions the same as before, the article was accepted for publication. Hakes' confession exposes the prevalence of preference falsification and is evident of the current status quo in academic economics.
Stephen Kinsella argues that teaching in the college classroom what one does not believe is another example of preference falsification. Having to conform to the predetermined curriculum is problematic for a professor who believes the theories presented in that curriculum to be greatly flawed and socially destructive if acted upon. This type of practice, Kinsella argues, is very familiar to many economists, and increased efforts to maintain academic freedom are necessary. He suggests a judicious use of course descriptions that preserves the widely accepted essential theories and allows preferential choice on theories where no general consensus exists.
William Patrick Leonard, a higher education administrator, writes of preference falsification in the balancing of university budgets. The common measures are enrollment and tuition increases, with little emphasis on cost-containment measures. He argues this is a result of opposition from faculty, who fear that cost-containment measures could threaten long standing traditions. This is subsequently met by little pressure from boards to contain costs.
Bruce Benson, Distinguished Professor at Florida State University, offers a narrative of his academic career, highlighting his shifting personalities of mathematical model-builder, econometrician, and political economist. In a sincere and introspective account, he draws out how a self-serving desire early in his career to be published in mainstream journals caused him to direct much effort toward the first two identities at the expense of the third. It took him 25 years to finally escape the influence of his preference falsification and embrace his truly preferred identity as a narrative political economist.
Islam and economic development of the Middle East.
The Middle East was once an economically advanced region of the world, as measured by standard of living, technology, agricultural productivity, literacy, or institutional creativity. Subsequently, it failed to match the institutional transformation through which western Europe vastly increased its capacity to pool resources, coordinate productive activities, and conduct exchanges. In a 1997 article entitled “Islam and Economic Underdevelopment: An Old Puzzle Revisited,” Kuran critiqued the leading explanations offered since the nineteenth century, and he has proceeded to develop a thesis of his own. His thesis centers on the role of Islamic institutions.
The economic institutions of the Middle East were well suited to the Middle Ages, argues Kuran, and they never became frozen. However, during the second millennium in certain areas central to economic modernization changes were minimal, at least in relation to the structural transformation of the West. In eighteenth-century Cairo and Istanbul, credit practices hardly differed from those of the 10th century. Likewise, investors and traders used atomistic enterprise forms essentially identical to those prevalent eight centuries earlier.
Several mechanisms contributed to the Middle East’s economic retardation, Kuran shows. Certain distinctly Middle Eastern institutions, including ones rooted in Islam, unintentionally blocked the transition to the modern economy. The institutions that generated evolutionary bottlenecks include: (1) the Islamic law of inheritance, whose egalitarian character inhibited capital accumulation, (2) the strict individualism of Islamic law and its lack of a concept of corporation, which hindered organizational development and contributed to keeping civil society weak, and (3) the waqf, Islam’s distinct form of trust, which locked vast resources into inflexible organizations that tended to become dysfunctional over time. None of these institutions posed an economic disadvantage at the time of their emergence. Nor did they ever cause an absolute decline in economic activity. They turned into handicaps by perpetuating themselves during the long period when western Europe took the lead in developing the institutions of the modern economy.
Kuran’s article “Why the Middle East Is Economically Underdeveloped: Historical Mechanisms of Institutional Stagnation” (2004) develops the overall argument succinctly. The individual mechanisms receive detailed treatments in “The Islamic Commercial Crisis: Institutional Roots of Economic Underdevelopment in the Middle East” (2003), “The Absence of the Corporation in Islamic law: Origins and Persistence” (2005), and “The Provision of Public Goods under Islamic Law: Origins, Impact, and Limitations of the Waqf System” (2001).
"The Long Divergence".
In 2011, Kuran published "The Long Divergence: How Islamic Law Held Back the Middle East" summarizing his arguments on the institutional roots of the Middle East's economic stagnation. As the blurb states:
"In the year 1000, the economy of the Middle East was at least as advanced as that of Europe. But by 1800, the region had fallen dramatically behind—in living standards, technology, and economic institutions. In short, the Middle East had failed to modernize economically as the West surged ahead. What caused this long divergence? And why does the Middle East remain drastically underdeveloped compared with the West? The Long Divergence provides a new answer to these long-debated questions.
The book argues that what slowed the economic development of the Middle East was not colonialism or geography, still less Muslim attitudes or some incompatibility between Islam and capitalism. Rather, starting around the tenth century, Islamic legal institutions, which had benefitted the Middle Eastern economy in the early centuries of Islam, began to act as a drag on development by slowing or blocking the emergence of central features of modern economic life, including private capital accumulation, the corporation, large-scale production, and impersonal exchange. By the nineteenth century, modern economic institutions began to be transplanted to the Middle East, but its economy has not caught up. And there is no quick fix today. Low trust, rampant corruption, and weak civil societies—all characteristic of the region’s economies today and all legacies of its economic history—will take generations to overcome."
There is a discussion forum for this book on Facebook. Reviews include: "The Crescent and the Company," by Schumpeter in the Economist; "Is Islam the Problem?" by Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times; "The Long Divergence," by Ziauddin Sardar in the Independent; "Prophet Motive," by John Cassidy in the New Yorker; "Selling Out the Koran," by Chris Berg in the National Times of Australia; "Long Divergence," by L. Carl Brown in Foreign Affairs; "What Made the Middle East Fall Behind the West?," by Şahin Alpay in Today's Zaman; "Timur Kuran," by Tyler Cowen in the Marginal Revolution. Some answers to common questions on Nicholas Kristof's blog: "Questions from My Islam Column." Kai Ryssdal's radio interview on Marketplace: "Historical Roots of Middle Eastern Uprisings." An essay summarizing key arguments: "Legal Roots of Economic Underdevelopment in the Middle East," European Financial Review (Feb–Mar 2011): 10–11. Peter Passell provides a review and long excerpt in the Milken Institute Review, 13 (2011): 59–76.
Islamic economics and banking.
Islamic economics.
Islamic economics is a modern doctrine that claims to offer an alternative to economic systems developed in the West, including capitalism and socialism. Its most visible practical achievement has been the establishment of Islamic banks meant to avoid interest. Islamic economics has also promoted Islamic norms of economic behavior and founded redistribution systems modeled after early Islamic fiscal practices.
Timur Kuran argues that the doctrine of Islamic economics is simplistic, incoherent, and largely irrelevant to present economic challenges. Few Muslims take it seriously, he writes, and its practical applications have had no discernible effects on efficiency, growth, or poverty reduction. In any case, its real purpose has not been economic improvement but, rather, the cultivation of a distinct Islamic identity to resist cultural globalization. It has served the cause of global Islamism, known also as “Islamic fundamentalism,” by fueling the illusion that Muslim societies have lived, or can live, by distinct economic rules.
These arguments are developed in a series of papers, most published between 1983 and 1998. A comprehensive statement is in his 2004 book "Islam and Mammon".
Islamic banking.
The most visible achievement of Islamic economics has been Islamic banking, which differs from conventional banking in its aversion to interest. Islamic banks are supposed to avoid interest, on the ground that the Koran bans all forms of interest categorically. Since the 1970s, more than 60 countries have established Islamic banks.
Following Fazlur Rahman, Kuran argues that the Koran bans the pre-Islamic practice of riba, which involved the compounding of the debt of a borrower unable to make payment on schedule. Riba was a source of political instability, because it tended to push defaulters into enslavement. The interest that a modern bank charges on a loan, or that it offers to a depositor, involves no such danger. In any case, Kuran holds, interest is indispensable to economic life; it serves to allocate capital and risks efficiently. That is why no society, past or present, has managed to eradicate interest. Efforts to eliminate interest from financial transactions are futile, he says.
Several Kuran articles published in the 1990s documented that although many Islamic banks are profitable, they all give and take interest routinely, using ruses to make interest appear as a return to risk. Many of these ruses have roots in medieval practices. On this basis, he suggests that the significance of Islamic banking lies almost entirely in its symbolism and in the boost it gives to the global movement of Islamism.
Kuran’s thoughts on Islamic banking are developed most fully in his articles “The Economic Impact of Islamic Fundamentalism” (1993) and “Islamic Economics and the Islamic Subeconomy” (1995).
Islam and political underdevelopment.
Kuran has recently taken up the puzzle of why most Middle Eastern countries are governed autocratically. In a 2009 paper, “The Rule of Law in Islamic Thought and Practice: A Historical Perspective,” he explores whether Islam, the region’s dominant religion, promotes a variant of the rule of law, defined to encompass government accountability, equal access to justice and the political process, efficient judicial and political systems, clear laws, generally stable laws, and the protection of fundamental human rights. He reaches three conclusions. First, various early Islamic institutions were meant, in some respect, to serve one or more rule of law principles. Second, the institutions in question lost effectiveness over time. Finally, the relevant Islamic institutions are now generally out of date.
Main publications.
A. Books
"The Long Divergence: How Islamic Law Held Back the Middle East" (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2010), 424 pp. link
"Islam and Mammon: The Economic Predicaments of Islamism" (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2004), xviii + 194 pp. Description and Chapter 1.link
"Private Truths, Public Lies: The Social Consequences of Preference Falsification" (Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 1995), xv + 423 pp. Description and scroll to chapter-preview links.
(Ed.) Mahkeme Kayıtları Işığında 17. Yüzyıl İstanbul’unda Sosyo-Ekonomik Yaşam / Social and Economic Life in Seventeenth-Century Istanbul: Glimpses from Court Records, 10 vols. (Istanbul: İş Bankası Kültür Yayınları, 2010–11) (Volumes 1–4 in print, 5–10 in press).
B. Articles and essays
Op-ed on Arab uprisings: "The Politics of Revolutionary Surprise," Project Syndicate, February 2, 2011. (available in seven languages)
(paper with Scott Lustig) "Structural Inefficiencies of Islamic Courts: Ottoman Justice and Its Implications for Modern Economic Life“ (December 2010).
(paper with Anantdeep Singh) “The Transition to Corporate Life in Late British India: Hindu-Muslim Differences” (December 2010).
“Modern Islam and the Economy,” in New Cambridge History of Islam, vol. 6, general editor Michael Cook, volume editor Robert Hefner (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010), pp. 473–94.
"West is Best? Why Civilizations Rise and Fall." Foreign Affairs, 90 (January–February 2011): 159–63. Printer friendly version.
Entrepreneurship in Middle Eastern History: Inhibitive Roles of Islamic Institutions," in The Invention of Enterprise: Entrepreneurship from Ancient Mesopotamia to Modern Times, ed. William Baumol, David Landes & Joel Mokyr (Princeton University Press, 2010), pp. 62–87.
"Explaining the Economic Trajectories of Civilizations: The Systemic Approach," "Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization", 71 (2009): 593–605.
"The Rule of Law in Islamic Thought and Practice: A Historical Perspective," in "Global Perspectives on the Rule of Law", ed Robert Nelson, (London: Routledge, 2009), pp. 71–89.
“The Scale of Entrepreneurship in Middle Eastern History: Inhibitive Roles of Islamic Institutions,” in "Entrepreneurs and Entrepreneurship in Economic History", ed. William J. Baumol, David S. Landes, and Joel Mokyr (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2009), pp. 62–87.
“Modern Islam and the Economy,” in "New Cambridge History of Islam" vol. 6, gen. ed. Michael Cook, vol. ed. Robert Hefner (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2009), in press.
(with William H. Sandholm) “Cultural Integration and Its Discontents.” "Review of Economic Studies", 75 (2008): 201–228
(with Edward McCaffery) “Sex Differences in the Acceptability of Discrimination.” "Political Research Quarterly", 61 (2008): 228–238.
“The Absence of the Corporation in Islamic Law: Origins and Persistence.” "American Journal of Comparative Law", 53 (July 2005): 785–834.
“The Logic of Financial Westernization in the Middle East.” "Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization", 56 (April 2005): 593–615
(with Edward McCaffery) “Expanding Discrimination Research: Beyond Ethnicity and to the Web.” "Social Science Quarterly", 85 (September 2004): 713–30.
“Why the Middle East Is Economically Underdeveloped: Historical Mechanisms of Institutional Stagnation.” "Journal of Economic Perspectives", 18 (Summer 2004): 71–90.
“The Economic Ascent of the Middle East's Religious Minorities: The Role of Islamic Legal Pluralism.” "Journal of Legal Studies", 33 (June 2004): 475–515.
“Cultural Obstacles to Economic Development: Often Overstated, Usually Transitory,” in "Culture and Public Action: Understanding the Role of Culture and Development Policy in an Unequal World", ed. Vijayendra Rao and Michael Walton (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2004), pp. 115–37.

</doc>
<doc id="2864587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864587" title="MACRO-11">
MACRO-11

MACRO-11 is an assembly language with macro facilities for PDP-11 minicomputers from Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC). It is the successor to PAL-11 (Program Assembler Loader), an earlier version of the PDP-11 assembly language without macro facilities.
The MACRO-11 assembly language was designed for the PDP-11 minicomputer family. It was supported on all DEC PDP-11 operating systems. PDP-11 Unix systems also include an assembler (called "as"), structurally similar to MACRO-11 but with different syntax and fewer features.
Programming example.
A complete "Hello, world!" program in PDP-11 macro assembler, to run under RT-11:
The .MCALL pseudo-op warns the assembler that the code will be using the .TTYOUT and .EXIT macros. The .TTYOUT and .EXIT macros are defined in the standard system macro library to expand to the EMT instructions to call the RT-11 monitor to perform the requested functions.
If this file is HELLO.MAC, the RT-11 commands to assemble, link and run (with console output shown) are as follows:
For a more complicated example of MACRO-11 code, two examples chosen at random are Kevin Murrell's KPUN.MAC, or Farba Research's JULIAN routine. More extensive libraries of PDP-11 code can be found in the Metalab freeware and Trailing Edge archives.

</doc>
<doc id="2864588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864588" title="West Morris Mendham High School">
West Morris Mendham High School

West Morris Mendham High School (also known as Mendham High School) is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school that serves students in ninth though twelfth grade as part of the West Morris Regional High School District. The school is located in Mendham Borough, New Jersey, United States. Students hail from the surrounding Morris County school districts of Chester Borough, Chester Township, Mendham Borough and Mendham Township (includes the areas of Brookside and Ralston).
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,325 students and 85.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15.48:1. There were 14 students (1.1% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and none eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Its sister school, West Morris Central High School, is located in Washington Township. Students from Washington Township attend West Morris Central. The two schools maintain an athletic rivalry, which has survived decades of conference and schedule changes for all sports. Mount Olive High School broke from the original three-school District in 1977.
Mendham was certified to offer the International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma in January 1998. The school is one of only 16 schools in New Jersey to offer the IB program.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
In its 2013 report on "America's Best High Schools", "The Daily Beast" ranked the school 284th in the nation among participating public high schools and 22nd among schools in New Jersey. In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by "The Washington Post", the school was ranked 5th in New Jersey and 246th nationwide. The school was ranked 562nd, the 13th-highest in New Jersey, in "Newsweek" magazine's 2010 rankings of America's Best High Schools, with 2.224 AP/IB tests taken per graduating senior. The school was ranked 474th in "Newsweek's" 2009 ranking of the top 1,500 high schools in the United States and was the 11th-ranked school in New Jersey; The school was ranked 751st nationwide in 2008. In "Newsweek's" 2007 ranking of the country's top 1,200 high schools, Mendham High School was listed in 390th place, the fourteenth-highest ranked school in New Jersey while Central was ranked 117th in the nation and 3rd in the state. The school was listed in 148th place, the fifth highest ranked school in New Jersey, in "Newsweek's" May 8, 2006, issue, listing the Top 1,200 High Schools in The United States.
The school was the 45th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 26th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 38th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 29th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which included 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 35th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 5 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (93.4%) and language arts literacy (98.3%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
West Morris Mendham High School offers over 30 athletic teams ranging in level from freshman to varsity, competing in the Northwest Jersey Athletic Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. Prior to the 2010 realignment, the school had participated in the Iron Hills Conference. With 994 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2011-12 school year as North II, Group III, a category that included schools with enrollment of 808 to 1,106. Since the school's opening in the fall of 1970, Mendham varsity teams have brought home more than 100 conference, county, region, and state championships. 
The West Morris Mendham boys cross country team placed 1st in the final running of the Iron Hills Conference Championships (Hills Division) in the fall of 2008 with an average of 16:24.51, which is the second best team time ever run at the course. 
The boys soccer team remains one of the most competitive public-school teams in the area. The team won the North II Group III state sectional title in 1988, before losing to Steinert High School in the Group III state championship game. In 2005, under coach Tim Rymer, the team won the Conference title and lost the County final in overtime against Morris Catholic High School, ranked 6th in the nation at the time. Following the loss the Minutemen unexpectedly lost in the second round of the State tournament. Despite these two losses the team was still voted as "team of the year" by various local newspapers including the "Daily Record" and "The Star-Ledger" (Morris County edition). The following year, the Minutemen clinched the Conference title for the second straight year and clinched the Morris County Cup after defeating Delbarton 4-1, becoming the first public school to win the County tournament in eight years. Despite a loss in the sectional semifinals, they were named 'team of the year' for many north Jersey papers, as they finished the season in the New Jersey top 10. In the 2007 fall season, the Minutemen finished 5th in the Conference and lost in the 1st round of the County tournament. However, unlike past years the team was able to reach the State Sectional finals, where they lost in overtime against Parsippany Hills High School. In the 2008 season, the boys Minutemen finished 2nd in the Conference, and suffered a 1-0 loss in the Morris County final finishing the season in the state's top 20. 
The Football team under head coach Richard Attonito (1971–1988) secured three Colonial Hills Conference titles ('75, '82, '83) including an undefeated season in 1975 which included a still-standing club record eight shutouts and was capped off when the team won the NJSIAA North Jersey II Group I state sectional championship. Under Head Coach William "Bill" Carpluk (1989–2005), the team posted a 116-49 (.703) overall record, including a club record 17 game winning streak (1992–1993). Carpluk's teams garnered six Iron Hills Conference Hills Division (IHC-Hills) championships ('93-'95, '00, '01, '04) and numerous Group II and III state championship playoffs and six finals appearances. Carpluk era teams posted only two losing seasons during his 16 season tenure. The team is currently under the leadership of a veteran coaching staff, led by Head Coach Doug Kirk, 31-39 (.443), since the 2006 season. Kirk was a former assistant under both Attonito and Carpluk. The 2008 team finished 8-2, losing their NJSIAA playoff bid in the first round to eventual State Champion Phillipsburg High School. The 2012 team finished 3-7. In 2013, The Minutemen went 6-4-1 recording a winning season and made it to the State Playoffs, before losing in the finals to Phillipsburg. 
The varsity men's golf team had their best season on record in Spring 2009, winning both the IHC conference championship and the Morris County Championship. The team was also ranked #1 in the state of New Jersey for a short period.
The varsity boys lacrosse team was crowned sole New Jersey State Champions in 1994, winning the New Jersey Tournament of Champions. The team won the Group II State Championship in 2010, but finished the season 9-11, after a loss in the Tournament of Champions.
The girls lacrosse team was ranked #2 in the state in 2005 and #3 in 2006. The girls lacrosse team remains one of the most competitive teams in the country as in most years they finish top four in the state tournament, county cup, and finish in the top 2 of the conference. The girls lacrosse team won the 2007 Group II State Championship with a 17-4 win vs. Hopewell Valley Central High School. In 2010 the girls played their way into the state championship after beating Shawnee 12-6 to become the New Jersey Group 3 NJSIAA/New Balance state champions. 
The girls volleyball team was runner up in the state in 2007.
Under coach Jim Baglin, the boys won four consecutive County Tournaments (2008-2011), defeating Roxbury High School 34-27 in the 2011 final to make it four in a row and to give the program its ninth title in the 42-year history of the tournament, more than any other school. In 2010, the boys won the Group III State Championship with a 44-41 victory over Kingsway Regional High School, but fell short to University High School in the quarterfinal round of the Tournament of Champions.
Under new coach Brad Wetzel, the 2011 baseball team has lost only four seniors from the previous season, when the baseball team went 5-17.
In 1998, the Varsity Girls Basketball team finished #1 in the State of New Jersey with a perfect 32-0 record, winning the Tournament of Champions over previously undefeated Columbia High School by a score of 67-62, making Mendham the first public school to take the title since 1990.
The girls soccer program has won four Group II state championships, defeating Delran High School in 1999, co-champions with Gloucester Catholic High School in 1998, Moorestown High School in 1993 and Cinnaminson High School in 1992. The varsity Girls Soccer team has won the Iron Hills Conference Championship. In 2007, the girls soccer team won the North II, Group III state sectional championship with a 2-0 win over Scotch Plains High School in the tournament final.
The Girls Tennis team has been for the past six years ranked in the Top 5 in the State.
Both the boy's and girl's fencing teams annually place at the top five in the state. In 2011, the Girls finished second in the state, and the Boys finished fourth. 2009 graduate Emilee Kovolisky placed 4th at the international fencing competition in Barcelona during the summer following her senior year. In 2012, the Mendham Boys won the state championship, defeating Columbia High School, which had won the state title the previous two years and had been riding a streak of 49 consecutive dual match victories.
Musical Activities.
The Mendham High School Music Department is made up of the Band (Tim Beadle), Choir (Patricia Danner), and Orchestra (Mary Daly).
The band has several extra-curricular programs outside of the "Concert Band". There are three Jazz bands, a "Pep Band" (for basketball games) and marching band. The marching band competes regularly and during spring break in 2012 traveled to Orlando.
The orchestra program has several string ensembles and prides itself on the high level of musicians that pass through the program.
The choir is organized into a regular, concert choir and an advanced chamber choir. These classes meet during the school day and are made up of all choir students. There are also four extra-curricular programs: Mendham Voices (auditioned, co-ed, approximately 20 students), Women's Ensemble (not auditioned, female), Octet (auditioned, female, eight girls) and Men in Black A Cappella (auditioned, male, approximately 17 guys).
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:
Academics.
The West Morris Regional High School District offers four different levels of classes.
Each of the four levels in classes differs in the level of rigor, with studies being the least rigorous and Honors/AP/IB being the most rigorous. Students and their parents are free to decide the level of the students classes.

</doc>
<doc id="2864595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864595" title="Shapiro reaction">
Shapiro reaction

The Shapiro reaction or tosylhydrazone decomposition is an organic reaction in which a ketone or aldehyde is converted to an alkene through an intermediate hydrazone in the presence of 2 equivalents of strong base. The reaction was discovered by Robert H. Shapiro in 1967. The Shapiro reaction was used in the Nicolaou Taxol total synthesis. 
Reaction mechanism.
In a prelude to the actual Shapiro reaction a ketone or an aldehyde is reacted with p-toluenesulfonylhydrazide to a "p"-toluenesulfonylhydrazone (or tosylhydrazone) which is an imine or hydrazone. Two equivalents of a strong base, such as "n"-butyllithium, then abstract first the proton from the hydrazone and then the less acidic proton α to the hydrazone carbon, leaving a carbanion. The carbanion proceeds in an elimination reaction to create the carbon–carbon double bond. This step results in expulsion of the tosyl group and formation of a diazonium anion. The anion then collapses, falling off as a neutral nitrogen molecule. The result is a vinyllithium at the position where the nitrogen had been attached. This organolithium carbon is both nucleophilic and basic. It can be reacted with various electrophiles or simply neutralized with water or an acid.
Scope.
The position of the alkene in the product is controlled by the site of deprotonation by the organolithium base. In general, the kinetically favored, less substituted site of differentially substituted tosylhydrazones is deprotonated selectively, leading to the less substituted vinyllithium intermediate. Although many secondary reactions exist for the vinyllithium functional group, in the Shapiro reaction in particular water is added, resulting in protonation to the alkene. Other reactions of vinyllithium compounds include alkylation reactions with for instance alkyl halides.
Importantly, the Shapiro reaction cannot be used to synthesize 1-lithioalkenes (and the resulting functionalized derivatives), as sulfonylhydrazones derived from aldehydes undergo exclusive addition of the organolithium base to the carbon of the C–N double bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2864597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864597" title="Roger East">
Roger East

Roger East (19248 December 1975) was an Australian journalist who was murdered by the Indonesian military in its invasion of East Timor in 1975.
A freelance journalist then working for the Australian Associated Press (AAP), East came to Portuguese Timor in October 1975 following up the story of the Balibo Five, who had been killed by the Indonesians in an incursion just weeks before. Previously, he had worked as a publicity officer for the Country Party in Queensland, and had been working in Darwin as a press officer for the Darwin Reconstruction Commission, set up following the devastation of the city by Cyclone Tracy in December 1974.
At this time, East Timor was under de facto rule of the Fretilin administration as the Portuguese governor had retreated to the island of Atauro and was refusing to return to the capital Dili. Fretilin would issue a Unilateral Declaration of Independence on 28 November. 
East was one of only three journalists in Timor— the others being Michael Richardson of "The Age" and Jill Jolliffe, a freelancer then working for Reuters. When it became obvious a full-scale invasion by Indonesia was imminent, Richardson and Jolliffe decided to evacuate with the Red Cross to Darwin, but East decided to remain with the Timorese. East planned to retreat with Fretilin forces to the mountains in the interior and report from there to the outside world but he was captured by the Indonesians before this could happen. Eyewitnesses later reported that he was brought with many other prisoners to the Dili waterfront and executed by firing squad, along with scores of others.
Following the inquest into the murder of the Balibo Five, there have been calls for a similar inquest into the murder of East, in the Northern Territory.
In Timothy Mo's novel "The Redundancy of Courage", the character Bill Mabbely is based on Roger East.
Anthony LaPaglia starred as Roger East in the Australian film "Balibo", released in 2009. It tells the story of the Balibo Five. The movie is co-written by David Williamson and Robert Connolly and is based upon "Cover-Up", by Jill Jolliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="2864608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864608" title="Kenny Starfighter">
Kenny Starfighter

Kenny Starfighter is a Swedish television mini-series from 1997 that follows the titular hero as he fights against the evil lord Dr. Deo. Although aimed at children, this show was popular with adults as well. A film, "Kenny Begins", was made in 2009.
Premise.
Kenny Starfighter, a Galactic Hero of dubious ability, is sent to Earth to find and stop the evil Doctor Deo as the Galaxy's last hope after all other Galactic Heroes have gone MIA. Whilst in pursuit of the doctor his space-bus crashes in a small Swedish town. Here he learns that the teachers at a local school have been acting bizarrely and joins forces with some of the school children to investigate this. They find the person behind the strange behavior at the school is none other than Dr. Deo. Through their combined efforts they manage to defeat him and save Kenny's home planet Mylta.
References.
http://www.imcdb.org/vehicle_141067-Messerschmitt-KR-200-1955.html

</doc>
<doc id="2864611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864611" title="Tvärbanan">
Tvärbanan

Tvärbanan is a light rail line in Stockholm, Sweden. Its name literally translated into English is "Crossways line". It links together many bus and rail lines crossways through its connections with the southern, western and northern subway branches of the Stockholm Metro ("Tunnelbanan") and the Stockholm commuter rail ("Pendeltåg"). The possibility to travel between southern, western and northern greater Stockholm without having to enter the city centre significantly reduces the number of transit passengers, also reducing the number of trains having to pass through the Gamla Stan bottleneck during peak hours. Near Liljeholmen the track is shared with freight traffic in a short section, this being the only place in Sweden where freight and electric trains share the same track.
The tramway is separated from roads in most parts, but there are sections in Gröndal, Sundbyberg and Solna where the tracks run on roads among regular road traffic. In Hammarby sjöstad the trains run in a reservation in the centre of the road rather than in mixed traffic, but there are level crossings between the electric train line and several streets.
Traffic on Tvärbanan started in 2000, first between Gullmarsplan and Liljeholmen, then later between Liljeholmen and Alvik, in 2002 between Gullmarsplan and Sickla udde, and in 2013 between Alvik and Solna centrum. Tvärbanan was used by around 32,000 passengers per weekday in 2005 and 44,000 per weekday in 2007.
The bridges used by Tvärbanan include Alviksbron, Gröndalsbron, Fredriksdalsbron, and Ulvsundabron.
Lines.
Tvärbanan has a single line (22) with 17 stops, going from Sickla udde south of the Stockholm city centre through Gullmarsplan, Årsta, Liljeholmen, Gröndal, and Stora Essingen to Alvik west of the city centre. In Alvik passengers can change to the northern part of the line going through Bromma and Sundbyberg to Solna. The part to Solna centrum opened 28th October 2013.
The new national football arena can be reached within 15 minutes walk from there.
After an update of the signal system planned for 2014 it will be no longer necessary to change trains in Alvik for those who want to travel e.g. from Liljeholmen to Sundbyberg.
A branch line to Kista is under consideration, with construction work planned to start in 2014. 
It is also planned to integrate Saltsjöbanan into the system. 
Rolling stock.
Thirty-seven Flexity Swift low-floor vehicles run on the line (locally called A32). Six of them (432-437) are second hand and imported in 2010 from the RijnGouweLijn-project in The Netherlands. Fifteen new electric trains have been ordered from Spanish CAF (locally called A35) and they started operation in October 2013 on the Solna extension.
Future extension.
The remaining part to Solna station with connection to commuter trains lines 36 and 38 will be finished in 2014.
Also a decision was made to extend it from Sickla udde to Sickla station where one can change to the Saltsjöbanan.

</doc>
<doc id="2864612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864612" title="Scouting and Guiding in Quebec">
Scouting and Guiding in Quebec

Scouting in Quebec has a long history, from the 1900s to the present day, serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
Anglophone Scouting in Quebec.
Quebec is administered by the Quebec Council of Scouts Canada, which includes the "Quebec Rover Round Table".
Areas.
Abenaki Area,
Eastern (Montreal) Area,
Ohiyo Area,
Stoney Point Area,
West Island area,
Laval Larentians Area,
Chavalla Area,
St. Lawrence Cartierville Area,
Kebec Area,
St. Lawrence Appalachians Area,
Saguenay Lac St-Jean Area,
North Shore Area,
Gaspé Area.
Local Groups and sections.
Among Quebec's varied Scouting groups are Scouts, Sea Scouts, Beavers, Cubs, Rovers and Venturers.
Tamaracouta Scout Reserve.
Tamaracouta Scout Reserve is a Scout camp located near Mille Isles, Quebec. The camp, which claims to be the oldest continuously-operating Scout camp in the world, is situated on 1000 acres (4 km²) of forest in the Laurentian Mountains. It is owned and operated by Scouts Canada, Quebec Council. The camp is open year-round and offers a staff summer camp program.
The camp opened in 1912 with funds provided by a group of generous citizens led by Colonel E.A. Whitehead. Originally a farm, the property formerly belonged to the Dawson family of Mille Isles. The name "Tamaracouta" comes from two sources. There are a large number of Tamarack trees located on the property. The word "couta" meaning body of water in a First Nations language.
After World War I, the camp decided to adopt a Hudson's Bay Company theme. Since that time, campsites have been named after the HBC Trading Posts. Staff positions also take HBC names, such as Camp factor instead of Camp Director.
The Tamaracouta Scout Reserve hosted the 11th Canadian Scout Jamboree, in July 2007, with 10,000 campers.
Knights of Tamara.
The Knights of Tamara is an honour camping society formed in 1933. The Knights recognize outstanding campers at summer camp. As of 2005, over 3500 campers have become Knights. To become a Knight, a camper must meet certain requirements, such as having camped at TSR for a certain amount of time, being at least 14 years old by the end of the calendar year in which they are being knighted and be nominated by their peers. If their nomination is approved, they become a squire at a ceremony near the beginning of their week of camp. During the week, they must complete a work vigil, and an overnight vigil which consists of sleeping out alone one night in the woods, and also learning the words to a traditional song among other tasks. Squires are easily recognized by the purple ring of indelible mystery ink (referred to as squire juice) painted on the face in a circle passing between the eyes and the hairline, between ears and eyes, and circling through the uppermost part of the chin. Squires must present themselves for "ringing" each morning at a very specific time; being late one day earns the squire a purple dot on the nose and two days earns them a purple chinstrap followed by one of many other decorations such as a second inner ring, a fully purple nose or any design of the ringer's discretion. If a squire misses a "ringing" for a poor reason, break camp rules, or act in a fashion unbecoming of a squire, they may be stripped of their squire status.
At the end of the week, squires are presented for the last time in a special public ceremony followed by the "Second Ceremony", which is for Knights only. Knights wear a bracelet with a large black bead tied with a piece of leather string around the right wrist. After twelve years, the knight is entitled to wear a silver bead. Only a silver bead knight can become a Grand Knight (master of ceremonies). At founding in 1933, and for several decades thereafter, knights were given a colored bead reflecting the season in which they had become knighted.
Independent associations.
There are also a number of independent Scouting associations active in Quebec. Among them are:
Girl Guiding in Quebec.
Guides are served by the Girl Guides of Canada-Guides du Canada.
Girl Guide Camp WaThikAne (pronounced wahtickani) is situated on Lac Bouchette, 96 kilometres north of
Montreal, near the town of Morin Heights, Quebec. In operation since 1926, WaThikAne has 6 fully equipped campsites, 2 equipped pioneer campsites and a fully equipped (partially heated) lodge. The
main camp area is suitable for day or overnight for any age group. All camp users have access to the
large activity room in the lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="2864621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864621" title="Click (2006 film)">
Click (2006 film)

Click is a 2006 American comedy-drama film directed by Frank Coraci, written by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe, and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Kate Beckinsale and Christopher Walken. The film was released in the United States on June 23, 2006. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Sandler plays an overworked architect who neglects his family. When he acquires a universal remote that enables him to "fast forward" through unpleasant or outright dull parts of his life, he soon learns that those seemingly bad bits contained vital parts of life's lessons. Filming began in late 2005 and was finished by early 2006. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
Plot.
Michael Newman (Adam Sandler) is an architect who is married to his longtime sweetheart, Donna (Kate Beckinsale) with two children, Ben and Samantha. Michael is easily pushed around by his overbearing boss, Mr. Ammer (David Hasselhoff). On numerous occasions, Michael willingly sacrifices time with his family to work so he can give them the kinds of possessions he never had. While going in search of a universal remote control at Bed Bath & Beyond, Michael falls onto a bed and then proceeds to the section marked "Beyond". There, he befriends a mysterious clerk named Morty (Christopher Walken), who gives him a "universal" remote control and warns that it can never be returned.
To Michael's amazement, he finds that the remote can control the actual universe, particularly time. Michael uses the remote to goof around at first, but then also to use it for his benefit such as interpret for foreign clientele or revisit events in his life such as family vacations or the first time he met Donna. However, Michael also uses it to skip fights with Donna, go forward until he rids himself of a cold, and skip a family dinner to work. Later, Morty reveals that when Michael fast-forwards through time, his body is on "auto-pilot" - his mind skips ahead, while his body goes through the motions of everyday life. After Mr. Ammer promises Michael a partnership, he decides to skip ahead to it, but ends up skipping a year of his life since it took him that long to actually get the promotion. Michael also finds out that he is in marriage counseling, his children prefer to watching CSI instead of their favorite cartoon Dragon Tales and missed the death of his dog. When the remote begins fast-forwarding without Michael controlling it, Morty warns the remote programs itself according to Michael's previous commands. Michael's various attempts to dispose of or destroy the remote fail, so he resolves to change his life so that the remote can't control him. The next day, Mr. Ammer tells Michael he is leaving the country, and in the course of the conversation Mr. Ammer suggests one day Michael may end up CEO. Without thinking, Michael responds to say he would like to end up CEO, the remote reacts accordingly and fast-forwards to 2017. Michael is now the CEO, but he is overweight, his daughter and son are 14 and 17 years old, his daughter dresses inappropriate and his son suffers from being overweight along with low self-esteem, he and Donna are divorced, and they all have a resentment to him. Michael also discovers that Donna is now dating Ben's childhood swim coach, Bill. Michael visits his old house and, after fighting with Donna, the new family dog pounces on him, and he falls and hits his head on a brick wall.
The remote having "learned" from Michael having skipped his cold, it transports him six years into the future in the year 2023, as he had not been healthy a single day over those six years: Donna recounts how a precautionary CAT scan after the fall revealed cancer, and how Michael ate so prolifically during chemotherapy as to subsequently suffer from a heart attack. In those six years, Michael is no longer obese thanks to three liposuction surgeries, Donna has married Bill, and Ben has gone into his father's line of work. Michael is devastated when Ben tells him his father Ted died, and Michael, while visiting his father's tomb, tries to use the remote to go to when Ted was on his deathbed, but Morty shows up to say the remote only works for times and places where Michael had been present; Ted's final moments not being one of them. Michael instead uses the remote to take him to the point when he last saw Ted alive; which is revealed to be Ted making an impromptu visit to his son and grandson's office. While on auto-pilot, Michael brusquely rejected Ted's offer for a night out with him and Ben and reveals to his father that he's always known how he did his quarter trick. Heartbroken, Ted says to Michael, his last words, "I love you, son" and walks away with Ben. During Michael's grief, Morty reveals he is in fact the Angel of Death. Upset with his life, Michael begs to go to a "good place", and fast forwards to Ben's wedding in 2034. There, he witnesses Samantha call Bill "Dad", and the shock triggers a second heart attack. When Michael awakens, Morty appears to tell him that he chose his path and he cannot do anything about it. Michael's family arrives and Ben reveals that he has cancelled his honeymoon in order to work on an important deal that will keep his business going. Shocked and not wanting Ben to make the same mistakes he did, Michael rushes after him. A nurse attempts to stop him, but Michael manages to jab the man with a sedative. He ignores Morty's repeated warnings that he will die unless he goes back to the hospital, saying he must get in his last words to his family. Michael reaches his family and collapses, but manages to convince Ben that family comes first; he reassures the rest that he still loves them (including Bill, much to his surprise) and Morty comes up to take him.
There is a white flash, in which Michael wakes up in the present-day on the bed he collapsed onto at Bed Bath & Beyond after believing that the future events have all been a dream. A reformed Michael gives his business card to a man who claims he has no friends, offering to befriend him, then goes to his parents' house saying that he's always wanted to know how did his father master the quarter trick, and that they are always welcome at his home anytime, then Michael goes back to his private residence. At home, Michael reassures Donna, Ben, and Samantha of his affection for them, agreeing to help the family with their plans for the summer camping trip and that he will never sacrifice them for work again. As he celebrates being home, Michael finds the remote and a note sitting on his kitchen counter, making Michael realize it was not a dream, but in fact a warning. The note is from Morty saying that "good guys need a break" and that he knows Michael will do the right thing this time. Michael thanks Morty but then disposes of the remote in his trash bin, and goes to enjoy his wife and kids.
Reception.
Release.
The film screened out of competition at the San Sebastian International Film Festival.
Critical response.
The film received generally negative reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 32% based on 167 reviews, giving the film a "rotten" rating.
Box office.
"Click" grossed $137,355,633 in the United States and $100,325,666 internationally, with a total gross of $237,681,299 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2864643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864643" title="Joymaker">
Joymaker

The Joymaker is a fictional device invented by Frederik Pohl for the novel "The Age of the Pussyfoot", first published in 1965. It bears a remarkable resemblance to devices in common use in the years following the start of the 21st century.
The remote-access computer transponder called the "joymaker" is your most valuable single possession in your new life. If you can imagine a combination of telephone, credit card, alarm clock, pocket bar, reference library, and full-time secretary, you will have sketched some of the functions provided by your joymaker. - from the novel
The Joymaker was conceived by Pohl in the 1960s after he saw one of the earliest time sharing computer systems. These allowed multiple users spread over a wide area, connected by good quality telephone or data lines, to simultaneously use one or more large (for the time) computers for a variety of purposes.
In its basic form, the Joymaker is a remote time-sharing terminal which uses radio communications instead of wire lines, and interacts with its user via voice rather than a keyboard and text output. It is small and light enough to be worn or carried, resembling in some cases a small sceptre. It can also dispense various medications, stimulants etc. from reservoirs within it.
The story concerns a 20th-century man placed in what came to be called cryopreservation, revived in the 25th century, and coming to terms with life in an era of massive computer power, accessed via the Joymaker. Unlike early 21st century portable devices, the Joymaker had little or no innate computing power.
The Joymaker had the following uses :
Prophetic ?
Pohl himself, in an afterword to the novel, made the following statement about the world he foresaw:
Forty years after the publication of the novel, most people of 2005 will recognise the functions of the Joymaker in the cellphone, laptop computer, and personal digital assistant. Only the medical capabilities are missing from devices carried by people in industrialized nations in the early 21st century. These devices, however usually have far more computing power than the Joymaker as conceived, and more even than the 1960s mainframe computers that provided the inspiration. Some of the actual social effects of portable communication and computing parallel those predicted in the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="2864656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864656" title="Field marshal (Thailand)">
Field marshal (Thailand)

Chom Phon (Thai:จอมพล) or Field Marshal of Thailand is a military rank of Thailand in the Royal Thai Army, considered the equivalent to a Field Marshal or General of the Army (although the former is more widely used). Today it is ceremonially held by members of the Thai Royal family and exists only on paper in the actual Thai military. The Royal Thai Navy equivalent is known as "Chom Phon Ruea" and "Chom Phon Akat" for the Royal Thai Air Force.
The King of Thailand as Head of the Armed Forces is automatically made a Chom Phon upon accession, The rank was created in 1888, together with all other ranks by King Chulalongkorn, who wanted to modernize his Armed Forces through western lines. Since then all monarchs have held this title.
Apart from these many others both inside and outside the Royal Family has been awarded this rank.

</doc>
<doc id="2864659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864659" title="Separability problem">
Separability problem

The separability problem is a concept from the field of social choice theory that describes the situation where two or more issues up for vote on a ballot either are, or are perceived as, related. 
The separability problem commonly manifests itself most intensely in referendums and in voting on multiple charges before juries or panels of judges, where simultaneous voting is employed. Some or all voters view the approval or disapproval of one issue dependent on the approval or disapproval of another. The voters have no information on the outcome of related issues, so they simply cast their first preference votes. The outcomes of these decision-making polls are often displeasing to a majority of voters merely because simultaneous voting denied them the information on outcomes of individual issues or the opportunity to express preferences of outcomes of related issues. 
The solution to the separability problem for referendums would be set-wise voting, where the voter can express preferences for outcomes of related issues, as this process needs to be done at a particular time. For matters before juries or judicial panels, either set-wise or sequential voting can be employed to mitigate this problem, as all votes need not be cast in one instance. If sequential voting were employed, the outcome of every vote tally on an issue would be announced before a vote on the next issue would be taken. The drawback to sequential voting in this case would be that there is no means to guarantee that a juror would actually change a successive vote based on a prior verdict. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864663" title="Community Group">
Community Group

Community Group are a British political party in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, founded in 2001. The Community Group has four councillors serving on Doncaster Metropolitan Borough council.
The party was founded in the wake of a political scandal dubbed "Donnygate" that saw 21 Doncaster councillors convicted of expenses fraud from 1997. The party had 6 borough councillors in Doncaster in 2001. Party leader Martin Williams contested Doncaster North at the 2005 general election against Ed Miliband, receiving 2,365 votes (7.5%, in fourth place). Jessie Credland stood for election as Mayor of Doncaster for the party in 2005, coming fourth with 10,263 votes (9.4%). Garth Oxby defected to become an independent in May 2005 following a deal made with the Labour group for Community Group councillors to be given positions chairing council committees, a deal repeated the following year. Richard Walker and Jessie Credland also later left to sit as independent members. The party lost John Cooke's seat to Labour in 2007. In 2007, the party also had 10 town councillors.
English Democrats Mayor Peter Davies is associated with the group. The Community Group's own candidate, Stuart Exelby, formerly a Labour councillor and deputy mayor from 2008-9, received 2152 votes. Martin Williams said of his election, "I am happy about this," but in February 2010 said that "I think the mayoral system is in tatters... It has been tried and failed."

</doc>
<doc id="2864672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864672" title="Remote Control Frequencies">
Remote Control Frequencies

Remote Control Frequencies, or RCF for short, is a Chicago-based amoebic musical project. Blending together genres including hip-hop, psychedelic rock, drum and bass and electronica, these sounds are then combined with samples, vocals, instruments, recorded and improvised noise, gadgets and concepts to form new sound potential.
In 2005, after spending years circulating short run CD-Rs and underground mixtapes, R-Rock resurfaced with RCF's debut full-length CD "20,000"; a musical reinterpretation of Jules Verne's classic literary work "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under The Sea". This CD featured guest appearances by free jazz alto-sax legend Wally Shoup (recorded during R-Rock's stint in Seattle, WA), no wave clarinet from Michael Thomas Jackson (recorded in North Carolina) and underground Texas MC Jonny Fear.
Drummer L. Grant Meadows (also known as "LG") joined the group upon relocating to Chicago in 2006. The duo of LG and R-Rock began work on what would eventually become the "Tempus" CD. R-Rock (also known as Rob R-Rock) began recording in the late 1980s with North Carolina-based hardcore/punk group Naked Angels. LG played in Life Support, Naked Angels, Shatterhed, Endgame, and Mr Frost in the 90s, and later played with instrumental group The Sirens after moving to Chapel Hill.
The Tempus album and the Tempus Black Box edition were the result of intensive studio collaborations between R-Rock, LG and Player One. The group also took the opportunity to make a video for the song "Wrong Planet", speaking out for the first time on the issue of harmful mind-control rays and their effect on the human central nervous system. The video also raised the topic of the TFH (tin foil hat in a dramatic musical interpretation style.

</doc>
<doc id="2864678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864678" title="Gabriele Veneziano">
Gabriele Veneziano

Gabriele Veneziano (born 7 September 1942), is an Italian theoretical physicist and one of the pioneers of string theory. Has spent most of his scientific activities at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland. Since 2004 he holds the Chair of Elementary Particles, Gravitation and Cosmology at the Collège de France in Paris.
Background.
Gabriele Veneziano was born in Florence, Italy where he graduated (Italian Laurea) in Theoretical Physics under the direction of Professor Raoul Gatto. He pursued his doctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel and obtained his Ph.D. in 1967 under the supervision of Hector Rubinstein. During his stay in Israel and his early years at MIT, he collaborated with Marco Ademollo (a professor in Florence) Miguel Virasoro. and Sergio Fubini.
Between 1968 and 1972 he worked at MIT and CERN. In 1972 he became Amos de Shalit Professor of Physics at the Weizmann Institute of Science and in 1976 he accepted a position in the Theory Division at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland where he worked for more than 30 years and directed the Theory Division (between 1994 and 1997). He currently holds the chair of Elementary Particles, Gravitation and Cosmology at the College of France in Paris, France. At present (Fall 2012), he spends a semester at New York University as Global Distinguished Professor.
Research.
Gabriele Veneziano first formulated the rudiments of string theory in 1968 when he discovered a string picture could describe the interaction of strongly interacting particles. Veneziano discovered that the Euler Beta function, interpreted as a scattering amplitude, has many of the features needed to explain the physical properties of strongly interacting particles. This amplitude, known as the Veneziano amplitude, is interpreted as the scattering amplitude for four open string tachyons. In retrospect this work is now considered the founding of string theory although at the time it was not apparent the string picture would lead to a new theory of quantum gravity.
Veneziano's work led to intense research to try to explain the strong force by a field theory of strings about one fermi in length. The rise of quantum chromodynamics, a rival explanation of the strong force, led to a temporary loss of interest in string theories until the 1980s when interest was revived.
In 1991, he published a paper that shows how an inflationary cosmological model can be obtained from string theory, thus opening the door to a description of pre-big bang scenarios.

</doc>
<doc id="2864696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864696" title="String cosmology">
String cosmology

String cosmology is a relatively new field that tries to apply equations of string theory to solve the questions of early cosmology. A related area of study is brane cosmology.
This approach can be dated back to a paper by Gabriele Veneziano that shows how an inflationary cosmological model can be obtained from string theory, thus opening the door to a description of pre-Big Bang scenarios.
The idea is related to a property of the bosonic string in a curve background, better known as nonlinear sigma model. First calculations from this model showed as the beta function, representing the running of the metric of the model as a function of an energy scale, is proportional to the Ricci tensor giving rise to a Ricci flow. As this model has conformal invariance and this must be kept to have a sensible quantum field theory, the beta function must be zero producing immediately the Einstein field equations. While Einstein equations seem to appear somewhat out of place, nevertheless this result is surely striking showing as a background two-dimensional model could produce higher-dimensional physics. An interesting point here is that such a string theory can be formulated without a requirement of criticality at 26 dimensions for consistency as happens on a flat background. This is a serious hint that the underlying physics of Einstein equations could be described by an effective two-dimensional conformal field theory. Indeed, the fact that we have evidence for an inflationary universe is an important support to string cosmology.
In the evolution of the universe, after the inflationary phase, the expansion observed today sets in that is well described by Friedmann equations. A smooth transition is expected between these two different phases. String cosmology appears to have difficulties in explaining this transition. This is known in literature as the graceful exit problem.
An inflationary cosmology implies the presence of a scalar field that drives inflation. In string cosmology, this arises from the so-called dilaton field. This is a scalar term entering into the description of the bosonic string that produces a scalar field term into the effective theory at low energies. The corresponding equations resemble those of a Brans–Dicke theory.
Analysis has been worked out from a critical number of dimension (26) down to four. In general one gets Friedmann equations in an arbitrary number of dimensions. The other way round is to assume that a certain number of dimensions is compactified producing an effective four-dimensional theory to work with. Such a theory is a typical Kaluza–Klein theory with a set of scalar fields arising from compactified dimensions. Such fields are called moduli.
Technical details.
This section presents some of the relevant equations entering into string cosmology. The starting point is the Polyakov action, which can be written as:
where formula_2 is the Ricci scalar in two dimensions, formula_3 the dilaton field, and formula_4 the string constant. The indices formula_5 range over 1,2, and formula_6 over formula_7, where "D" the dimension of the target space. A further antisymmetric field could be added. This is generally considered when one wants this action generating a potential for inflation. Otherwise, a generic potential is inserted by hand, as well as a cosmological constant.
The above string action has a conformal invariance. This is a property of a two dimensional Riemannian manifold. At the quantum level, this property is lost due to anomalies and the theory itself is not consistent, having no unitarity. So it is necessary to require that conformal invariance is kept at any order of perturbation theory. Perturbation theory is the only known approach to manage the quantum field theory. Indeed, the beta functions at two loops are
and
The assumption that conformal invariance holds implies that
producing the corresponding equations of motion of low-energy physics. These conditions can only be satisfied perturbatively, but this has to hold at any order of perturbation theory. The first term in formula_11 is just the anomaly of the bosonic string theory in a flat spacetime. But here there are further terms that can grant a compensation of the anomaly also when formula_12, and from this cosmological models of a pre-big bang scenario can be constructed. Indeed, this low energy equations can be obtained from the following action:
where formula_14 is a constant that can always be changed by redefining the dilaton field. One can also rewrite this action in a more familiar form by redefining the fields (Einstein frame) as
and using formula_17 one can write
where
This is the formula for the Einstein action describing a scalar field interacting with a gravitational field in D dimensions. Indeed, the following identity holds:
where formula_21 is the Newton constant in D dimensions and formula_22 the corresponding Planck mass. When setting formula_23 in this action, the conditions for inflation are not fulfilled unless a potential or antisymmetric term is added to the string action, in which case power-law inflation is possible.

</doc>
<doc id="2864701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864701" title="Seri people">
Seri people

The Seris are an indigenous group of the Mexican state of Sonora. The majority reside on the Seri communal property (Spanish, "ejido"), in the towns of Punta Chueca (Seri "Socaaix") and El Desemboque (Seri "Haxöl Iihom") on the mainland coast of the Gulf of California. Tiburón Island ("Tahejöc" or "Tahejöc himquij") and San Esteban Island ("Cofteecöl", "Cofteecöl hipcap" and sometimes "Hast") were part of their traditional territory, but some Seris also lived in various places on the mainland. They were historically seminomadic hunter-gatherers who maintained an intimate relationship with both the sea and the land. It is one of the ethnic groups of Mexico that has most strongly maintained its language and culture during the years after contact with Spanish and Mexican cultures. 
The Seri people are not related culturally or linguistically to other groups that have lived in the area, such as the Opata, Yaqui (sg.: "Yequim", pl.: "Yectz"), O'odham (sg.: "Hapaay"), or Cochimí. The Seri language is distinct from all others in the region and is considered a language isolate. 
Beside the Apache (sg.: "Hapats", pl.: "Hapatsoj") and Yaqui the Seri are best known as fierce warriors for their stubborn resistance against subjugation by the Spanish (sg.: "Casopin") and later Mexicans (sg./pl.: "Cocsar"). 
The name Seri is an exonym of uncertain origin. (Claims that it is from Opata or from Yaqui were nineteenth-century speculations based on similarity to words in those languages and not with clear evidence.) Their name for themselves is Comcaac (phonemically , phonetically ); singular: Cmiique (phonemically ), phonetically ).
Bands.
The Seri were formerly divided into six bands. They were:
Three of the bands were further subdivided. Relations between bands were not always friendly, and internal fights sometimes occurred.
Some Bands were also living on Baja California peninsula ("Hant Ihiin"), they were called Hant Ihiini comcaac.
It has been said that these groups spoke three distinct but mutually intelligible dialects. It is thought that the first dialect was spoken by the "Xiica hai iic coii", "Xiica xnaai iic coii", "Tahejöc comcaac" and "Heeno comcaac" Bands and presently this variant is the only dialect spoken and is the ancestor of modern day Seri. The second dialect was spoken by the "Xnaamotat" Band, but it is currently extinct and there was very little data collected regarding this dialect. The third dialect is also extinct and was spoken by the "Xiica hast ano coii" Ban d; it was described as sounding musical, as if speakers were singing instead of speaking (Moser 1963). Speakers sometimes make remarks regarding certain expressions being characteristic of particular Bands, especially of the "Xiica hast ano coii" Band. These communication differences were thought to have kept the groups from having much social interaction with each other.
After the Seri population was greatly reduced by conflicts with the Mexican government and the O'odham, and epidemics of smallpox and measles, the remaining Seris grouped together and the band divisions were lost.

</doc>
<doc id="2864705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864705" title="New England Party">
New England Party

The New England Party was a political party in the United Kingdom, based in Dartford. According to its registration with the Electoral Commission, its leader, nominating officer, and treasurer was Michael Tibby while Sheila Tibby was its campaigns officer.
Michael Tibby contested the constituency of Dartford at the 2005 general election, receiving 1,224 votes (the elected Labour MP, Howard Stoate, received 19,909 votes).
Michael Tibby and Austen Brooker were councillors on Dartford Borough Council between 2003 and 2007, representing Littlebrook (which is a two-seat ward) and Newtown (a three-seat ward). Tibby came second in Littlebrook in the 2003 local elections, beating the second Labour Party candidate by five votes. Austen Brooker was elected as one of three Labour party councillors for Newtown, but left the group soon after his election. Brooker stood down at the 2007 local elections and Tibby was unsuccessful in seeking re-election.
The party contested the Dartford Borough Council Heath ward by election on 27 July 2006, polling 174 votes (9.6%). Their candidate was Steven Uncles, who was previously the English Democrats candidate in the Bromley and Chislehurst by-election, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="2864706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864706" title="Noah's Ark (album)">
Noah's Ark (album)

"Noah's Ark" is the second album by sister duo CocoRosie. It was released on September 13, 2005 by Touch and Go Records. In addition to the group's two core members, Bianca and Sierra Casady, the album includes collaborations with a number of other musicians including Antony Hegarty, Devendra Banhart and Spleen.
Background.
Bianca and Sierra Casady are the sister act behind CocoRosie, whose name originates from the nicknames given by their mother; "Coco" (Bianca) and "Rosie" (Sierra). The sisters spent their childhood years living throughout the Southwestern United States and Hawaii. They developed an interest in music at an early age and enjoyed making up songs as children. Collectively, the sisters have a vast background. Bianca, who worked as a model at one time, sang and wrote songs. Sierra, who once wanted to go into the Army, pursued classical opera throughout high school. 
Although there is only a 2 year age difference between them, the sisters were not close as children. After many years apart, Bianca joined Sierra in Paris in 2003. It was at this time that the sisters came together to form CocoRosie and create music, referred to by some as, "freak folk". Their first album, "La Maison de Mon Reve", was created in an apartment in Paris and released in 2004 on Touch and Go Records.
Recording.
The album features both sisters on vocals with more traditional instruments such as guitars and harps layered over a multitude of unconventional items cast in the role of instruments. The song, "Bear Hides and Buffalo" for example, includes a loop of horses neighing and cats meowing over a toy piano hook. Upon the release of Noah’s Ark, Bianca described the group’s sound as "sort of an eclectic montage," saying, "e float around between a few different instruments and use a bunch of unconventional percussion things. Like toys." 
The album was compiled in many different locations as the sisters traveled in the wake of their previous album. The pursuit of intimate venues lead to, as Sierra put it, "pulling over on the side of the road and just recording in a field, or taking a moment in a barn in the South of France, or a studio in Brooklyn." 
Collaborations.
The album features contributions from a variety of other musicians. Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons provides vocals and plays piano on "Beautiful Boyz", an ode to French novelist, playwright, and convicted felon Jean Genet, while Devendra Banhart lends his singing voice (via phone) to "Brazilian Sun". The opening rhymes of "Bisounours" come courtesy of French rapper Spleen.
The album also lists Greg Rogove, Diane Cluck, Jana Hunter and Ardzen as "contributing artists."
Reception.
Noah’s Ark was well received by critics domestically and internationally. MusicOMH London writer Michael Hubbard wrote, "Noah's Ark has a dreamlike quality to it." Sarah Peters, a former music editor and staff writer for LAS wrote, "Symbolically, the guiding light is important to all who have journeyed on Noah's Ark, and CocoRosie have presented a lesson in love, through hardship, that may not have been as powerful otherwise." In comparison to the sisters' previous work, writer Johnny Ray Huston of the San Francisco Bay Guardian noted, "Their new album, Noah's Ark (Touch and Go), has a more restless feel than their debut – the scratchy, tiny, Victrola-sounding vocals of La Maison sometimes give way to a more naturalistic recording style." Another review came from Heather Phares, writer for allmusic, who commented on the album’s vibe in particular. "There's a lot of power in the album's darkness, particularly on the apocalyptic campfire singalong "Armageddon"" 
Although some of the album's reviews were positive, some critics disagreed claiming, "Noah's Ark is more hypnotic and infiltrating than their enchanting (but short shelf-lived) debut, Le Maison de Mon Reve, but ultimately less magical." Other viewpoints were expressed about the contributing artists on the album and how "…the best offerings inevitably arrive in the presence of Antony and Devendra Banhart, whose guest appearances enhance and possibly upstage their lovely hosts." 

</doc>
<doc id="2864709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864709" title="Stephen Shenker">
Stephen Shenker

Stephen Hart Shenker (born 1953) is an American theoretical physicist who works on string theory. He is a professor at Stanford University and former director of the Stanford Institute for Theoretical Physics. His brother Scott Shenker is a computer scientist. His contributions to physics include:

</doc>
<doc id="2864712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864712" title="Cpio">
Cpio

cpio is a general file archiver utility and its associated file format. It is primarily installed on Unix-like computer operating systems. The software utility was originally intended as a tape archiving program as part of the Programmer's Workbench (PWB/UNIX), and has been a component of virtually every Unix operating system released thereafter. Its name is derived from the phrase "copy in and out", in close description of the program's use of standard input and standard output in its operation.
All variants of Unix also support other backup and archiving programs, such as tar, which has become more widely recognized. The use of cpio by the RPM Package Manager, in the initramfs program of Linux kernel 2.6, and in Apple Computer's Installer (pax) make cpio an important archiving tool.
Since its original design, cpio and its archive file format have undergone several, sometimes incompatible, revisions. Most notable is the change, now an operational option, from the use of a binary format of archive file meta information to an ASCII-based representation.
Operation and archive format.
Cpio was originally designed to store backup file archives on a tape device in a sequential, contiguous manner. Cpio does not compress any content, but resulting archives are often compressed using gzip or other external compressors.
Archive creation.
When creating archives during the "copy-out" operation, initiated with the "-o" command line flag, cpio reads file and directory path names from its standard input channel and writes the resulting archive byte stream to its standard output. Cpio is therefore typically used with other utilities that generate the list of files to be archived, such as the find program.
The resulting cpio archive is a sequence of files and directories concatenated into a single archive, separated by header sections with file meta information, such as filename, inode number, ownership, permissions, and timestamps. By convention, the file name of an archive is usually given a codice_1 file extension.
This example uses the "find" utility to generate a list of path names starting in the current directory to create an archive of the directory tree:
Extraction.
During the "copy-in" operation, initiated by the "-i" command line flag, cpio reads an archive from its standard input and recreates the archived files in the operating system's file system.
The "-d" flag tells cpio to construct directories as necessary. The "-v" flag lists file names as they are extracted.
Any remaining command line arguments other than the option flags are shell-like globbing-patterns; only files in the archive with matching names are copied from the archive. The following example extracts /etc/fstab from the archive:
List.
The files contained in a cpio archive may be listed with this invocation:
List may be useful since a cpio archive may contain absolute rather than relative paths (e.g., /bin/ls vs. bin/ls).
Copy.
Cpio supports a third type of operation which copies files. It is initiated with the "pass" option ("-p"). This mode combines the copy-out and copy-in steps without actually creating any file archive. In this mode, cpio reads path names on standard input like the "copy-out" operation, but instead of creating an archive, it recreates the directories and files at a different location in the file system, as specified by the path given as a command line argument.
This example copies the directory tree starting at the current directory to another path "new-path" in the file system, preserving file modes (-m), creating directories as needed (-d), replacing any existing files unconditionally (-u), while producing a progress listing on standard output (-v):
POSIX standardization.
The "cpio" utility was standardized in POSIX.1-1988, but it was omitted from "POSIX.1-2001" because of its file size (and other) limitations. For example, the GNU version offers various output format options, such as "bin" (default, and obsolete) and "ustar", having a file size limitations of 2147483647 bytes (2 GB) and 8589934591 bytes (8 GB), respectively.
The cpio, ustar, and pax file formats are defined by "POSIX.1-2001" for the pax utility, which is currently "POSIX 1003.1-2008" compliant, and so it can read and write cpio and ustar formatted archives.
Implementations.
Most Linux distributions provide the GNU version of cpio. FreeBSD and Mac OS X use the BSD-licensed cpio provided with libarchive.

</doc>
<doc id="2864714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864714" title="Gary Kroeger">
Gary Kroeger

Gary Kroeger (born April 13, 1957) is an American actor best known for his work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1982 to 1985.
Career.
Born in Cedar Falls, Iowa, Kroeger attended Northern University High School and graduated from Northwestern University in 1981. He joined the cast of "Saturday Night Live" during Lorne Michaels' hiatus from the show, under the direction of Dick Ebersol. During his tenure, Kroeger, who also wrote for the show, was frequently cast as young teenage kids and impersonated Walter Mondale when he was the Democratic candidate for US President in 1984. He is probably best remembered today for a Christmas sketch in which he and fellow cast member Julia Louis-Dreyfus perform "Blue Christmas" as Donny and Marie Osmond. Megh Wright of splitsider.com said it "remains one of his strongest moments on his three-season stint". The sketch culminates with the supposed brother and sister making out with each other.
Kroeger left the show after the summer of 1985 when Lorne Michaels returned to the show and the entire cast was replaced. In the time since he has kept a fairly low profile, appearing in only a handful of movies, including a role as Reggie Mantle on 1990's "" and the lead and title role on the spoof film "A Man Called Sarge". He has enjoyed some success as a host of television game shows, most notably revivals of "The Newlywed Game" and "Beat the Clock". He was also the announcer for the 2001 revival of "Card Sharks" and the 2002 revival of "Press Your Luck" called "Whammy! The All-New Press Your Luck". In addition, he appeared on the sitcom "Hidden Hills" and as a weatherman in an episode of HBO's "Curb Your Enthusiasm". From 1990 to 1991, he was host of Fox's "Comic Strip Live". He also made a guest appearance in the episode "Columbo: Death Hits the Jackpot" (1991). In 2000, he hosted an infomercial for DirecTV, which played in-store at many Best Buy locations. In 2002, he hosted the 26th annual Mrs. America pageant.
Kroeger gave up ownership of the restaurant Figaro Figaro in Simi Valley, California. He has relocated to his hometown in Iowa and can still be seen in local theater, as well as the occasional infomercial.
Kroeger is a weekly columnist for the Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier.
Kroeger runs an occasional blog, Gary Has Issues. 
He is now associate creative director for Cedar Falls, Iowa-based Mudd Advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="2864717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864717" title="Willy Fischler">
Willy Fischler

Willy Fischler (born in 1949 in Antwerpen, Belgium) is a theoretical physicist and string theorist. He is the Jane and Roland Blumberg Centennial Professor of Physics at the University of Texas at Austin, where he is affiliated with the Weinberg theory group.
Fischler is one of the co-fathers of M(atrix) theory, or BFSS Matrix Theory, an attempt to formulate M-theory in a nonperturbative manner. His interests include cosmology, particle physics and theoretical physics.
He is a Licensed Paramedic with Marble Falls Area EMS and a volunteer EMT with the Westlake Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="2864718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864718" title="Snub trihexagonal tiling">
Snub trihexagonal tiling

In geometry, the snub hexagonal tiling (or "snub trihexagonal tiling") is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are four triangles and one hexagon on each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of "sr{3,6}". The snub tetrahexagonal tiling is a related hyperbolic tiling with Schläfli symbol "sr{4,6}".
Conway calls it a snub hexatille, constructed as a snub operation applied to a hexagonal tiling (hexatille).
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane. This is the only one which does not have a reflection as a symmetry.
There is only one uniform coloring of a snub trihexagonal tiling. (Naming the colors by indices (3.3.3.3.6): 11213.)
Circle packing.
The snub trihexagonal tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 5 other circles in the packing (kissing number). The hexagonal gaps can be filled by exactly one circle, leading to the densest packing from the triangular tiling#circle packing.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
This semiregular tiling is a member of a sequence of snubbed polyhedra and tilings with vertex figure (3.3.3.3."n") and Coxeter–Dynkin diagram . These figures and their duals have (n32) rotational symmetry, being in the Euclidean plane for n=6, and hyperbolic plane for any higher n. The series can be considered to begin with n=2, with one set of faces degenerated into digons.
Floret pentagonal tiling.
In geometry, the floret pentagonal tiling is a dual semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. It is one of 14 known isohedral pentagon tilings. It is given its name because its six pentagonal tiles radiate out from a central point, like petals on a flower. Conway calls it a 6-fold pentille. Each of its pentagonal faces has four 120° and one 60° angle.
It is the dual of the uniform tiling, snub trihexagonal tiling, and has rotational symmetry of orders 6-3-2 symmetry.

</doc>
<doc id="2864727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864727" title="Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima">
Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima

Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima (official designation SP-326) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
SP-326 is a full four-lane highway connecting the cities of Bebedouro and Barretos, serving also the city of Colina, and runs in the Southeast to Northeast direction. It is managed and maintained through a state concession to the private company Tebe and therefore is a toll road. The highway is named in honor of a former Air Force brigadier and celebrated mayor of the city of São Paulo from 1965 to 1969, José Vicente de Faria Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="2864732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864732" title="BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop">
BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop

The BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop is a workshop in New York for musical theatre composers, lyricists and librettists.
History.
The BMI Workshop was founded in 1961 by Lehman Engel and the performing rights organization BMI (Broadcast Music, Inc.).
Moderators, who lead the individual groups, include Patrick Cook, Richard Engquist, Frederick Freyer, Nancy Golladay, and David Spencer.
Notable participants have included Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty, Joanne Bogart and Eric Rockwell, Clark Gesner, Amanda Green, Gerard Alessandrini, Bobb Goldsteinn, Paul Scott Goodman, Edward Kleban, Michael John LaChiusa, Ethan Mordden, Andrew Lippa, Robert Lopez, Jeff Marx, Alan Menken, Maury Yeston, Tom Kitt and Brian Yorkey.
Participation in the Workshop.
Composers and lyricists participate in three discrete phases of the Workshop. In the First Year Workshop, participants collaborate (and some composer-lyricists work independently) on specific, varied assignments. In the Second Year Workshop, individuals and established teams present pieces of a larger work in process as assigned. Some participants are then invited to join the Advanced Workshop, in which they present new work in progress.
There is an open competition for admission to the Workshop, which is operated by BMI at no cost to participants. Applications for admission to the first-year group of composers and lyricists are accepted until August 1 of each year. The application includes an application form and tapes or lyrics, as appropriate; auditions take place after the applications are screened. Applicants for the librettists' portion of the workshop must submit excerpts from their works by May 1 of each year. Writers need not be affiliated with BMI.
Recognition.
On May 21, 2006, the Drama Desk awarded the BMI Workshop a Special Award "for nurturing, developing and promoting new talent for the musical theater."
On September 22, 2006, it was announced that the BMI Workshop was one of the recipients of the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre.
References to the BMI Workshop in Musical Theatre Works.
Portions of the 2000 Broadway musical "A Class Act" take place in the BMI Workshop. Edward Kleban, who is the subject of the show, was a member of the Workshop.
Songbook.
In 2008, a songbook was released containing 20 songs by members of the workshop, including Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Tom Kitt and Amanda Green, Michael John LaChiusa, Maury Yeston, Kim Oler and Alison Hubbard, Joy Son, Jill Abramovitz and Jeff Blumenkrantz. Jeff Blumenkrantz hosted a weekly podcast to showcase the songbook, in which he interviewed the writers of each song and had a guest artist perform the song, followed by an interview with the performer. Artists who appeared on the podcast include Brian d'Arcy James, Liz Callaway, Hunter Foster, Emily Skinner, Ann Harada and Neil Patrick Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="2864740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864740" title="List of lunar meteorites">
List of lunar meteorites

This is a list of lunar meteorites. That is, meteorites that have been identified as having originated from Earth's Moon. 
Notes:
Where multiple meteorites are listed (e.g. NWA 4472/4485) they are believed to be pieces of the same original body. The mass shown is the total.
Source: University of Washington in St Louis, Department of Earth and Planetary Science

</doc>
<doc id="2864743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864743" title="Uche Okafor">
Uche Okafor

Uchenna Kizito Okafor, often shortened to Uche Okafor (8 August 1967 – 6 January 2011) was a football defender who played 34 international matches for Nigeria.
Club career.
Okafor's club career took him to many countries before he settled in the USA. Okafor was drafted to Kansas City Wizards in the 9th round of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft, and played there for five seasons before retiring after the 2000 season.
International career.
Okafor played every match when Nigeria won the 1994 African Cup of Nations, but sustained an ankle injury shortly thereafter. He was part of the squad to the 1994 World Cup but did not get any playing time. He played 1 out of their 4 games in the 1998 World Cup, though, as well as at the 1988 Olympics.
Coaching.
Okafor coached for the Associated Soccer Group, a member of the North Texas Soccer Association. He was head coach for the 91 Gold Central boys team and the 93 HP Central boys team who play in the Plano Premier Select Soccer league. 
Other notable professional footballers who coach for ASG are Dave Dir, Zequinha, Óscar Pareja, and Bobby Rhine.
Media work.
Okafor was a regular pundit on African football on ESPN's coverage and their PressPass programme.
Death.
Okafor's body was discovered Thursday afternoon by his wife shortly after he returned home from dropping off his daughter in school in their house in Little Elm, a town about 30 miles northwest of Dallas. The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office said Friday that he hanged himself in an upstairs hallway. Okafor's family has rejected the suicide ruling of the Little Elm Police Department, suspecting foul play.
Kent Babb, reporter for the Kansas City Star, published and in-depth analysis of Uche's death on May 19, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864744" title="Pavel Lisitsian">
Pavel Lisitsian

Pavel Gerasimovich Lisitsian () (November 6, 1911 – July 6, 2004) was a Soviet baritone opera singer who performed in the Bolshoi Opera, Moscow from 1940 until his retirement from stage in 1966.
He was born into an Armenian family living in the Russian city of Vladikavkaz, where his father was a mineworker. Pavel first worked in diamond drilling, then as a welder apprentice hoping to follow his father's steps. He first began to sing in a church choir before moving to Leningrad to study cello (1930).
As a strong-voiced soloist of a local amateur group he was commissioned to the Leningrad Conservatory.
He started his vocal career in the Maly Leningrad State Opera Theatre and then in the Yerevan Opera House, where he performed the leads for three years.
From 1940 to 1966, Pavel Lisitsian was the soloist of the Bolshoi Theatre and performed parts of Yeletsky, Onegin, Mazepa, and Robert (in Tchaikovsky’s "The Queen of Spades", "Evgenie Onegin", "Mazepa", and "Iolanta" respectively), Germont and Amonasro (in Verdi's "Traviata" and "Aida"), Escamilo (in Bizet’s "Carmen"), Tatul (Spendiarov’s "Almast"), Arsaces II (Arshak II) (Chuhadzhyan’s "Arshak II"), Napoleon (in Prokofiev's "War and Peace"), and others.
During a concert tour of the USA in 1960, he appeared at the Metropolitan Opera as Amonasro. He died in Moscow.
His daughters Karina and Ruzanna are successful opera singers who frequently perform together. His grand daughter pianist Elena Lisitsian lives in New York City and his grand son Paul Asoyan lives in Sillicon Valley, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="2864754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864754" title="Hapoel Tel Aviv">
Hapoel Tel Aviv

Hapoel Tel Aviv () is a sports club in Israel, founded in the 1920s, and part of the Hapoel association. It runs several sports clubs and teams in Tel Aviv which have competed in a variety of sports over the years, such as football, basketball, weightlifting and others. Hapoel Tel Aviv is well known for its red uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="2864756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864756" title="NBC Weather Plus">
NBC Weather Plus

NBC Weather Plus was a 24-hour, commercially sponsored, weather-oriented broadcast/cable television network jointly owned by NBC Universal and the local affiliates of the NBC network. It debuted on November 15, 2004 and shut down on December 31, 2008. The network's headquarters was initially located at the MSNBC World Headquarters in Secaucus, New Jersey, and then CNBC Global Headquarters in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey after MSNBC's move to 30 Rockefeller Plaza with the broadcast side of NBC News, where Weather Plus staff also appeared within the new MSNBC studios to deliver forecasts and interact with NBC News personalities in person. The service was broadcast on digital subchannels of certain NBC affiliates in the United States, and was available on digital cable systems in Standard Definition (SD) format.
Prior to 2008, NBC Weather Plus competed with The Weather Channel, which was itself acquired by a consortium led by NBC Universal in September 2008, as well as a similar digital service offered by AccuWeather, The Local AccuWeather Channel. Shortly after the acquisition of The Weather Channel on October 8, 2008, NBC announced that Weather Plus would be shut down by December 31. The remaining on-camera meteorologists from Weather Plus are now referred to as "Weather Channel meteorologists" during their NBC and MSNBC appearances, while The Weather Channel's main Atlanta staff appears more on NBC News programs, either from TWC's Atlanta headquarters, New York, or on location from a weather event. NBC Weather Plus's forecast system and maps continued to be in place until 2010 for studio segments on CNBC and MSNBC with Weather Channel branding along the top-third banner, then replaced entirely with Weather Channel graphics by mid-2010.
The service effectively shut down operations on December 31, 2008. The remaining affiliates received a computer-updated loop of satellite/radar images, current weather conditions and temperatures, and daily forecasts for major regions of the country. As of December 31, 2008, some stations opting to carry a locally derived weather information operate under the local name, "NBC Plus". This option allows using the local equipment that had been used to insert content with the now defunct national feed of NBC Weather Plus.
Programming.
Local forecasts.
NBC Weather Plus's programming schedule provided frequent local-forecast segments. Included were recorded reports from meteorologists associated with the local NBC affiliates. Viewers could see current weather conditions for their location and surrounding areas, forecasts, Doppler radars of their region, and the day's actual high and low temperatures.
Internet viewers who saw the national feed, including those in areas where the network's website did not supply their city's Weather Plus feed, instead saw a segment including daily forecasts for each region of the United States, along with satellite loops and Doppler radars of the Northeast, Southeast, Midwest, Northwest, and Southwest. The national feed of NBC Weather Plus was not carried on DirecTV, Dish Network, or C band satellite, which differed from the practices of those satellite providers with respect to The Weather Channel.
Music associated with the local-forecast segments came from commercial sources, including 615 Music, which composed the music package (mostly the tracks from "Positive Pop Grooves", with the other tracks being "DJ Gruv", "Voccho", "Sneez", and "Pyraflex") used by NBC Weather Plus' weather radar forecasts post-2005.
Most local stations labeled the NBC Weather Plus service as "Weather Plus" with the station branding before it, often being used in combination with the local station's on-air weather branding during newscasts. After the shutdown, many NBC affiliates continued to use "Weather Plus" as part of their on-air weather branding.
WNBC in New York was the test station for NBC Weather Plus.
National programming.
NBC Weather Plus did not air its programming entirely live, and it used a digital video jukebox system to shuffle certain segments of the weathercasts unless severe weather breaks. This system was especially true with the seasonal outlooks, weather news segments at :24 and :54 minutes past the hour, and with late night programming. If one watched NBC Weather Plus closely in any given day, one might have found the same weather news segment that originally aired in the morning repeated long into the night, the same weather information airing at 11:00 p.m. airing at 4:00 a.m., and the same seasonal outlook (severe weather, tropical weather, or winter weather) segment that originally aired in the morning repeating long into the late afternoon. In the latter case, this is problematic due to the fact that if severe weather of either category occurred (unless it is very significant), updated information may not have been available.
Appearance on other networks.
The channel's staff also provided weather updates for fellow NBC Universal cable channels CNBC and MSNBC, and MSNBC aired 'sample' hours of the channel in holiday periods during the morning hours. In addition, Weather Plus was promoted during "Football Night in America", and was used to provide gametime temperature and conditions for the later "NBC Sunday Night Football" game. Increasingly during times of significant national weather events (such as a major winter storm system), Weather Plus meteorologists have appeared live on "NBC Nightly News" to provide analysis. The Weather Channel now provides these services.
The "L" Bar.
NBC Weather Plus used an "L-Bar" across the left side third and bottom third of the screen to continuously air local weather information, even during commercial breaks, national weather, and "Weather Plus University".
The left side of the bar was reserved for sponsorship of Weather Plus programming on the top left (sponsors of NBC Weather Plus's programming was more often seen on local feeds), the middle left displayed the sky condition, temperature, wind speed/direction and humidity for each city and the bottom left was reserved for station identification (on local feeds, featuring the NBC affiliate's logo augmented above the Weather Plus portion of the logo) and current time was on the lower left, along with permanent text for station identification on some stations. (During "Weather Plus University", the sponsorship tag was removed.)
The cycle for each city's weather information display was as follows:
However, the above did not hold true for the left side of the L-Bar on Sacramento NBC affiliate KCRA. Instead, the current conditions cycled continuously and the time was on the right-hand side in the lower-third.
The bottom of the bar to the right of the time and station ID displayed the forecast for the next 24 hours featuring sky condition, temperature and estimated precipitation, followed by the five-day forecast showing sky condition and predicted high and low temperatures. Occasionally, the current conditions display showed the icons telling the sky condition with the icon displaying sun despite it being nighttime. This also occurs on The Weather Channel but usually only in the hour following sunset. Not all cities where the current conditions were displayed on the left side of the "L" bar featured that city's forecast and may instead have used the conditions of the closest reporting station to that community. Example: Dallas NBC affiliate KXAS' Weather Plus feed displayed the current conditions for Fort Worth Alliance Airport but showed the forecast for Dallas-Fort Worth.
Digital television and cable viewers were able to see current weather conditions and weather forecasts for their location and surrounding areas, while internet viewers who watched the national feed instead of a local feed saw current conditions and daily forecasts for 50 U.S. cities.
Programming schedule.
The following list was the channel's programming wheel (until October 2008). Note that some network segments had a different title at times due to a sponsor for the forecast such as "State Farm Road Coverage", which replaced "Coast To Coast Forecast".
During severe weather, stations could choose to drop the national segments for news simulcasts or a constant radar display, with NBC able to show a local station's coverage nationally during the Coast To Coast Forecast or the Plus Five Forecast, depending on what part of the programming cycle the network was.
NBC Weather Plus also aired the "NBC Weather Plus Weather Alert," which interrupted regular programming for constant coverage of a weather event.
Closure.
NBC announced on October 7, 2008 that Weather Plus would be phased out by December 31, after the NBC affiliates expressed a desire to shut the service down. Though NBC cited its purchase of The Weather Channel as a factor in the shutdown, it has been stated that the closure would have happened even if the acquisition had not happened.
On-camera personality segments ended on October 24, 2008. From then on until the network's sign-off date, only a loop of various national maps with music, local maps by the affiliates, and Weather Plus University were shown. With this, the remaining OCM staff of the channel were referred to on other NBC News programs as only "NBC meteorologists", then eventually as being staff from the Weather Channel.
Prior to the shutdown announcement, the staff at NBC Weather Plus was planning a revamp of their L-bar. At least one former Weather Plus affiliate, WKYC-TV in Cleveland used this revamp since the closure of Weather Plus as part of their localized version, until abandoning the Weather Plus format for looping local radar.
In early December 2008, Weather Plus's website became a redirect to The Weather Channel's website.
Until 2011, several NBC O&O stations ran a barebones variant of WeatherPlus, which was finally replaced with their local Nonstop channels. Other stations have ended their use of Weather Plus in order to take advantage of upgraded weather technology after their high-definition conversions, or moved over to a subchannel network with a traditional programming schedule more palatable to different advertisers.
Affiliates.
+ This affiliate converted to the AccuWeather Channel operations when WeatherPlus shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="2864758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864758" title="GoGet">
GoGet

GoGet CarShare is a car sharing service operating in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide, and the first such program in Australia. GoGet was launched as Newtown CarShare on 6 June 2003 with three vehicles and twelve founding members. Following interest from the City of Darebin, the service was extended to Melbourne under the name "GoGet" in November 2004. With the growth of the service to other areas in Sydney, Newtown CarShare was renamed GoGet in May 2005.
GoGet members choose a rate plan and pay an annual fee. Fees cover fuel, insurance, maintenance, and cleaning. The vehicles are mostly late-model hatchbacks, but also include vans, utes and station wagons. Each vehicle has a home location, referred to as a "pod", either in a parking lot or on a street, typically in a highly populated urban neighborhood. Members reserve a car by web or telephone and use a key card to access the vehicle. 
GoGet is an invented word which reflects the utility you get from using, rather than owning, a car. As in 'Go get the shopping, go get the kids.'
In June 2014, GoGet had over 1300 vehicles Australia-wide.

</doc>
<doc id="2864781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864781" title="E-folding">
E-folding

In science, "e"-folding is the time interval in which an exponentially growing quantity increases by a factor of "e"; it is the base-"e" analog of doubling time. This term is often used in many areas of science, such as in atmospheric chemistry, medicine and theoretical physics, especially when cosmic inflation is investigated. Physicists and chemists often talk about the "e"-folding time scale that is determined by the proper time in which the length of a patch of space or spacetime increases by the factor "e" mentioned above.
In finance the logarithmic return or continuously compounded return, also known as force of interest, is the reciprocal of the e-folding time.
The term "e"-folding time is also sometimes used similarly in the case of exponential decay, to refer to the timescale for a quantity to decrease to 1/"e" of its previous value.
The process of evolving to equilibrium is often characterized by a time scale called the e-folding time, τ. This time is used for processes which evolve exponentially toward a final state (equilibrium). In other words if we examine an observable, X, associated with a system, (temperature or density for example) then after a time, τ, the initial difference between the initial value of the observable and the equilibrium value, ΔXi, will have decreased to ΔXi /e where the number e ~ 2.71828.
Example of Lifetime of as e-Folding Time.
The concept of e-folding time may be used in the analysis of kinetics. Let us consider a chemical species A, which decays into another chemical species, B. We could depict this as an equation:
formula_1
Let us assume that this reaction follows first order kinetics, meaning that the conversion of A into B depends only on the concentration of A, and the rate constant which dictates the velocity at which this happens, k. We could write the following reaction to describe this first order kinetic process:
formula_2
What this ordinary differential equation states is that a change (in this case the disappearance) of the concentration of A, d/dt, is equal to the rate constant k multiplied by the concentration of A. Consider what the units of k would be. On the left hand side, we have a concentration divided by a unit of time. The units for k would need to allow for these to be replicated on the right hand side. For this reason, the units of k, here, would be 1/time. 
Because this is a linear, homogeneous and separable differential equation, we may separate the terms such that the equation becomes:
formula_3
We may then take the integral of this function, which results in the inclusion of the constant e. 
formula_4
formula_5
formula_6
formula_7
formula_8
Where and [Ai are the final and initial concentrations of A. Upon comparing the ratio on the left hand side to the equation on the right hand side, we conclude that the ratio between the final and initial concentrations follows an exponential function, of which e is the base. '
As mentioned above, the units for k are inverse time. If we were to take the reciprocal of this, we would be left with units of time. For this reason, we often state that the lifetime of a species which undergoes first order decay is equal to the reciprocal of k. Consider, now, what would happen if we were to set the time, t, to the reciprocal of the rate constant, k such that t = 1/k. This would yield 
formula_9
This states that after one lifetime (1/k), the ratio of final to initial concentrations is equal to about 0.37. Stated another way, after one lifetime, we have 
formula_10
which means that we have lost (1-.37=.63) 63% of A, with only 37% left. With this, we now know that if we have 1 lifetime passed, we have gone through 1 "e-folding". What would 2 "e-foldings" look like? After two lifetimes, we would have t=1\k+1\k=2\k, which would result in 
formula_11
which says that only about 14% of A remains. It is in this manner that e-folding lends us an easy way to describe the number of lifetimes which have passed. After 1 lifetime, we have 1/e remaining. After 2 lifetimes, we have 1/e2 remaining. One lifetime, therefore, is one e-folding time, which is the most descriptive way of stating the decay.

</doc>
<doc id="2864794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864794" title="New Order (Indonesia)">
New Order (Indonesia)

The New Order () is the term coined by the second Indonesian President Suharto to characterize his regime as he came to power in 1966. Suharto used this term to contrast his rule with that of his predecessor, Sukarno (dubbed the "Old Order," or "Orde Lama"). The term "New Order" in more recent times has become synonymous with the Suharto years (1965–1998).
Immediately following the attempted coup in 1965, the political situation was uncertain, but the Suharto's New Order found much popular support from groups wanting a separation from Indonesia's problems since its independence. The 'generation of 66' ("Angkatan 66") epitomised talk of a new group of young leaders and new intellectual thought. Following Indonesia's communal and political conflicts, and its economic collapse and social breakdown of the late 1950s through to the mid-1960s, the "New Order" was committed to achieving and maintaining political order, economic development, and the removal of mass participation in the political process. The features of the "New Order" established from the late 1960s were thus a strong political role for the military, the bureaucratization and corporatization of political and societal organizations, and selective but effective repression of opponents. Strident anti-communism remained a hallmark of the regime for its subsequent 32 years.
Within a few years, however, many of its original allies had become indifferent or averse to the New Order, which comprised a military faction supported by a narrow civilian group. Among much of the pro-democracy movement which forced Suharto to resign in the 1998 Indonesian Revolution and then gained power, the term "New Order" has come to be used pejoratively. It is frequently employed to describe figures who were either tied to the Suharto period, or who upheld the practises of his authoritarian regime, such as corruption, collusion and nepotism (widely known by the acronym KKN: "korupsi", "kolusi", "nepotisme").
Background.
Sukarno was Indonesia's founding president, a position he had held since the Republic's formation in 1945. In 1955, the first general parliamentary elections delivered an unstable parliament and from the late 1950s, Sukarno's rule became increasingly autocratic under his "Guided Democracy". Described as the great ‘’Dalang’’, or puppet master, Sukarno’s position depended on his concept of NASAKOM (Religion, Nationalism, Communism) whereby he sought to balance the competing Indonesian Military, Islamic groups, and the increasingly powerful Indonesian Communist Party (PKI). To the resentment of the Military and Muslim groups, this arrangement became increasingly reliant on the PKI which had become the country’s strongest political party.
Sukarno’s anti-imperial ideology saw Indonesia increasingly dependent on the Soviet Union and China which was met with indignation from Western countries. The cash-strapped government had to scrap public sector subsidies, annual inflation rose to as high as 1,000%, export revenues were shrinking, infrastructure crumbling, and factories were operating at minimal capacity with negligible investment. Sukarno’s administration became increasingly ineffective in providing a viable economic system to lift its citizens out of poverty and hunger. Meanwhile, Sukarno led Indonesia into "Konfrontasi", a military confrontation with Malaysia, removed Indonesia from the United Nations, and stepped up revolutionary and anti-Western rhetoric.
By 1965 at the height of the Cold War, the PKI penetrated all levels of government. With the support of Sukarno and the Air Force, the party gained increasing influence at the expense of the army, thus ensuring the army's enmity. Muslim clerics, many of whom were landowners, felt threatened by the PKI's rural land confiscation actions. The army was alarmed at Sukarno’s support for the PKI’s wish to quickly establish a "fifth force" of armed peasants and labourers. Adding to this desperate and fractious nature of Indonesia in the 1960s, a split within the military was fostered by Western countries backing a right-wing faction against a left-wing faction backed by the PKI.
Overthrow of Sukarno.
On 30 September 1965, six generals were killed by a group calling themselves the 30 September Movement who alleged a right-wing plot to kill the President. General Suharto led the army in suppressing the abortive coup attempt. The Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) were quickly blamed and the army led an anti-communist purge which killed an estimated 500,000 people. Public opinion shifted against Sukarno in part due to his apparent knowledge of, and sympathy for, the events of 30 September, and for his tolerance of leftist and communist elements whom the army blamed for the coup attempt. Student groups, such as KAMI, were encouraged by, and sided with, the Army against Sukarno. In March 1966, Suharto secured a presidential decree (known as the Supersemar), which gave him authority to take any action necessary to maintain security. Using the decree, the PKI was banned in March 1966 and the parliament (MPRS), government and military were purged of pro-Sukarno elements many of whom were accused of being communist sympathisers, and who were replaced with Suharto supporters.
A June session of the now-purged parliament banned Marxism-Leninism, ratified the Supersemar, and stripped Sukarno of his title of president for life. In August–September 1966, and against the wishes of Sukarno, the New Order ended Indonesia's confrontation with Malaysia and rejoined the United Nations. Parliament re-convened in March 1967 to impeach the President for his apparent toleration of 30 September Movement and violation of constitution by promoting PKI's international communist agenda, negligence of the economy, and promotion of national "moral degradation" via his womanising behaviour. In March 1967, the MPRS stripped Sukarno of his remaining power, and Suharto was named Acting President. Sukarno was placed under house arrest in Bogor Palace; little more was heard from him, and he died in June 1970. In March 1968, the MPRS appointed Suharto to the first of his five-year terms as President.
Consolidation of power.
The "New Order" was so called to distinguish itself from Sukarno's "Old Order". Pancasila was promoted as the national ideology, one that pre-dated introduced religions such as Hinduism or Islam. Suharto secured a parliamentary resolution in 1983 (Tap MPR No 11/1983) which obliged all organisations in Indonesia to adhere to Pancasila as a basic principle. He instituted a Pancasila indoctrination program that must be attended by all Indonesians, from primary school students to office workers. Pancasila, a rather vague and generalist set of principles originally formulated by Sukarno in 1945, was vigorously promoted as a sacrosanct national ideology which represents the ancient wisdom of Indonesian people even before the entry of foreign-based religions such as Hinduism or Islam. In a July 1982 speech which reflected his deep infatuation with Javanese beliefs, Suharto glorified Pancasila as a key to reach the perfect life ("ilmu kasampurnaning hurip") of harmony with God and fellow mankind. In practice, however, the vagueness of Pancasila was exploited by Suharto's government to justify their actions and to condemn their opponents as "anti-Pancasila".
The "Dwifungsi" ("Dual Function") policy allowed the military to have an active role in all levels of Indonesian government, economy, and society.
Neutralization of internal dissent.
Having been appointed president, Suharto still needed to share power with various elements including Indonesian generals who considered Suharto as mere "primus inter pares" as well as Islamic and student groups who participated in the anti-communist purge. Suharto, aided by his "Office of Personal Assistants" ("Aspri") clique of military officers from his days as commander of Diponegoro Division, particularly Ali Murtopo, began to systematically cement his hold on power by subtly sidelining potential rivals while rewarding loyalists with political position and monetary incentives.
Having successfully stood-down MPRS chairman General Nasution's 1968 attempt to introduce bill which will severely curtail presidential authority, Suharto had him removed from his position as MPRS chairman in 1969 and forced his early retirement from the military in 1972. In 1967, generals HR Dharsono, Kemal Idris, and Sarwo Edhie Wibowo (dubbed "New Order Radicals") opposed Suharto's decision to allow participation of existing political parties in elections in favour of a non-ideological two-party system similar to those found in many Western countries. Suharto then proceeded to send Dharsono overseas as ambassador, while Kemal Idris and Sarwo Edhie Wibowo were sent to distant North Sumatera and South Sulawesi as regional commanders.
While many original leaders of the 1966 student movement ("Angkatan 66") were successfully co-opted into the regime, it faced large student demonstrations challenging the legitimacy of 1971 elections ("Golput" Movement), the costly construction of Taman Mini Indonesia Indah theme park (1972), the domination of foreign capitalists (Malari Incident of 1974), and the lack of term limits of Suharto's presidency (1978). The New Order responded by imprisoning student activists and sending army units to occupy the campus of the Bandung Institute of Technology in 1978. In April 1978, Suharto ended the campus unrest by issuing a decree on the "Normalization of Campus Life" (NKK) which prohibited political activities on-campus not related to academic pursuits.
In 1980, fifty prominent figures political figures signed the Petition of Fifty which criticised Suharto's use of Pancasila to silence his critics. Suharto refused to address the petitioners' concerns, and some of them were imprisoned with others having restrictions imposed on their movements.
Domestic politics and security.
To placate demands from civilian politicians for the holding of elections, as manifested in MPRS resolutions of 1966 and 1967, Suharto government formulated a series of laws regarding elections as well as the structure and duties of parliament which were passed by MPRS on November 1969 after protracted negotiations. The law provided for a parliament ("Madjelis Permusjawaratan Rakjat"/MPR) with the power to elect presidents, consisting of a lower house ("Dewan Perwakilan Rakjat"/DPR) and regional representatives. 100 of the 460 members of DPR will be directly appointed by the government, while the remaining seats were allocated to political parties based on results of general election. This mechanism ensures significant government control over legislative affairs, particularly the appointment of presidents.
To participate in the elections, Suharto realized the need to align himself with a political party. After initially considering alignment with Sukarno's old party the PNI, in 1969 Suharto decided to take-over control of an obscure military-run federation of NGOs called Golkar ("Functional Group") and transform it into his electoral vehicle under the coordination of his right-hand man Ali Murtopo. The first general election was held on 3 July 1971 with ten participants; consisting of Golkar, four Islamic parties, as well as five nationalist and Christian parties. Campaigning on a non-ideological platform of "development", and aided by official government support and subtle intimidation tactics, Golkar managed to secure 62.8% of the popular vote. The March 1973 general session of newly elected MPR promptly appointed Suharto to second-term in office with Sultan Hamengkubuwono IX as vice-president.
On 5 January 1973, to allow better control, the government forced the four Islamic parties to merge into PPP ("Partai Persatuan Pembangunan"/United Development Party) while the five non-Islamic parties were fused into PDI ("Partai Demokrasi Indonesia"/Indonesian Democratic Party). The government ensured that these parties never developed effective opposition by controlling their leadership, while establishing the "re-call" system to remove any outspoken legislators from their positions. Using this system dubbed the "Pancasila Democracy", Golkar won the MPR general elections of 1977, 1982, 1987, 1992, and 1997 with massive landslides. The elected MPR then proceeded to unanimously re-elect Suharto as president in 1978, 1983, 1988, 1993, and 1998.
Suharto proceeded with various social engineering projects designed to transform Indonesian society into a de-politicized "floating mass" supportive of the national mission of "development", a concept similar to corporatism. The government formed various civil society groups to unite the populace in support of government programs. For instance, the government created Korpri ("Korps Pegawai Republik Indonesia") on November 1971 as union of civil servants to ensure their loyalty, organized the FBSI ("Federasi Buruh Seluruh Indonesia") as the only legal labour union on February 1973 (later renamed as SPSI / "Serikat Pekerja Seluruh Indonesia" in 1985), and established the MUI ("Majelis Ulama Indonesia") in 1975 to control Islamic clerics. In 1966 to 1967, to promote assimiliation of the influential Chinese-Indonesians, the Suharto government passed several laws as part of so-called "Basic Policy for the Solution of Chinese Problem", whereby only one Chinese-language publication (controlled by the army) was allowed to continue, all Chinese cultural and religious expressions (including display of Chinese characters) were prohibited from public space, Chinese schools were phased-out, and the ethnic-Chinese were encouraged to take-up Indonesian-sounding names. In 1968, Suharto commenced the very successful family planning program ("Keluarga Berentjana / KB") to stem the huge population growth rate and hence increasing per-capita income. A lasting legacy from this period is the spelling reform of Indonesian language decreed by Suharto on 17 August 1972.
Suharto relied on the military to ruthlessly maintain domestic security, organized by the Kopkamtib (Operation Command for the Restoration of Security and Order) and BAKIN (State Intelligence Coordination Agency). To maintain strict control over the country, Suharto expanded the army's territorial system down to village-level, while military officers were appointed as regional heads under the rubric of the "Dwifungsi" ("Dual Function") of the military. By 1969, 70% of Indonesia's provincial governors and more than half of its district chiefs were active military officers. Suharto authorized "Operasi Trisula" which destroyed PKI-remnants trying to organize a guerilla base in Blitar area in 1968, and ordered several military operations which ended the communist PGRS-Paraku insurgency in West Kalimantan (1967-1972). Attacks on oil workers by the first incarnation of Free Aceh Movement separatists under Hasan di Tiro in 1977 led to dispatch of small special forces detachments who quickly either killed or forced the movement's members to flee abroad. Notably, on March 1981, Suharto authorised a successful special forces mission to end hijacking of a Garuda Indonesia flight by Islamic extremists at Don Muang Airport in Bangkok.
To comply with New York Agreement of 1962 which required a plebiscite on integration of West Irian into Indonesia before end of 1969, the Suharto government begin organizing for a so-called "Act of Free Choice" scheduled on July–August 1969. The government sent RPKAD special forces under Sarwo Edhie Wibowo which secured the surrender of several bands of former Dutch-organized militia ("Papoea Vrijwilligers Korps / PVK") at large in the jungles since the Indonesian takeover in 1963, while sending Catholic volunteers under Jusuf Wanandi to distribute consumer goods to promote pro-Indonesian sentiments. On March 1969, it was agreed that the plebiscite will be channeled via 1,025 tribal chiefs, citing the logistical challenge and political ignorance of the population. Using the above strategy, the plebiscite produced a unanimous decision for integration with Indonesia, which was duly noted by United Nations General Assembly on November 1969.
Political Islam.
Under Suharto political Islam were suppressed, and religious Muslims carefully watched by the Indonesian government. Several Christian Generals who served under Suharto like Leonardus Benjamin Moerdani actively persecuted religious Muslims in the Indonesian military, which was described as being "anti-Islamic", denying religious Muslims promotions, and preventing them from praying in the barracks and banning them from even using the Islamic greeting "Salaam Aleikum", and these anti-Islamic polices were entirely supported by Suharto, despite Suharto being a Muslim himself, since he considered political Islam a threat to his power. The Christian General Theo Syafei, who also served under Suharto, spoke out against political Islam coming to power in Indonesia, and insulted the Qur'an and Islam in remarks which were described as Islamophobic.
Economy.
The new president enlisted a group of mostly American-educated Indonesian economists, dubbed the "Berkeley Mafia", to formulate government economic policy. By cutting subsidies and government debt, and reforming the exchange rate mechanism, inflation dripped from 660% in 1966 to 19% in 1969. The threat of famine was alleviated by influx of USAID rice aid shipments in 1967 to 1968.
Realizing the dearth of domestic capital capable of re-juvenating growth, Suharto reversed Sukarno's economic autarky policies by opening selected economic sectors of the country to much-needed foreign investment under the new Foreign Investment Law of January 1967 (containing generous tax holidays and free movement of money). Suharto himself travelled to Western Europe and Japan in a series of trips to promote investment into Indonesia, starting in the natural resources sector. Among the first foreign investors to re-enter Indonesia were mining companies Freeport Sulphur Company and International Nickel Company, later followed by significant investment from Japanese, South Korean, and Taiwanese companies. From 1967, the government managed to secure low-interest foreign aid from ten countries grouped under the Inter-Governmental Group on Indonesia (IGGI) to cover its budget deficit.
Suharto government issued Domestic Investment Law of June 1968 to allow development of domestic capitalist class capable of motoring economic growth to supplement existing state-owned enterprises. The late 1960s and early 1970s saw emergence of domestic enterpreneurs (mostly Chinese-Indonesians) in the import-substitution light-manufacturing sector such as Astra Group and Salim Group.
Flush with IGGI foreign aid and later the jump in oil exports during the 1973 oil crisis, the government began a series of large-scale intensive investment in infrastructure under a series of five-year plans ("Rentjana Pembangunan Lima Tahun / REPELITA"):
While establishing a formal economy based on rational and sound macroeconomic policies, Suharto continued his past "modus operandi" of creating vast network of charitable organizations (""yayasan"") run by the military and his family members, which extracts "donations" from domestic and foreign enterprises in exchange for necessary government support and permits. While some proceeds of these organizations were used for charitable purposes (such as building a heart-disease hospital by "Yayasan Harapan Kita" run by the first lady), most of the money was re-cycled as slush fund to reward political allies to maintain support for Suharto's regime.
In February 1975, the state-oil company Pertamina was forced to default its US$ 15 billion loans to American and Canadian creditors. The company's director, General Ibnu Sutowo (a close ally of Suharto), has invested the windfall income from rising oil prices into a myriad of other business activities such as shipping, steel, construction, real estate, and hospitals. These businesses were mismanaged and riddled with corruption. The government was forced to bail-out the company, in the process nearly doubling the national debt, while Ibnu Sutowo was removed from his position.
Foreign policy.
Upon assuming power, Suharto government adopted policy of neutrality in the Cold War with quiet alignment with the Western bloc (including Japan and South Korea) with the objective of securing support for Indonesia's economic recovery. Western countries, impressed by Suharto's strong anti-communist credentials, were quick to offer their support. Diplomatic relations with China was suspended on October 1967 due to suspicion of Chinese involvement in 30 September Movement (diplomatic relations was only restored in 1990). Due to Suharto's destruction of PKI, Soviet Union embargoed military sales to Indonesia. However, from 1967 to 1970 foreign minister Adam Malik managed to secure several agreements to restructure massive debts incurred by Sukarno from Soviet Union and other Eastern European communist states. Regionally, having ended confrontation with Malaysia on August 1966, Indonesia became a founding member of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on August 1967. This organization is designed to establish peaceful relationship between Southeast Asian countries free from conflicts such as ongoing Vietnam War.
In 1974, the neighbouring colony of Portuguese Timor descended into civil war after the withdrawal of Portuguese authority following the Carnation Revolution, whereby the leftist-leaning Fretilin ("Frente Revolucionária de Timor-Leste Independente") emerged triumphant. After persuasion from Western countries (including from US president Gerald Ford and Australian prime minister Gough Whitlam during their visits to Indonesia), Suharto decided to intervene to prevent establishment of a communist state. After an unsuccessful attempt of covert support to Timorese anti-communist groups UDT and APODETI, Suharto authorized full-scale invasion of the colony on 7 December 1975 followed with its official annexation as Indonesia's 27th province of East Timor in July 1976. The "encirclement and annihilation" campaigns of 1977-1979 broke the back of Fretilin control over the hinterlands, although continuing guerilla resistance forced the government to maintain strong military presence in the half-island until 1999. An estimated minimum of 90,800 and maximum of 213,600 conflict-related deaths occurred in East Timor during Indonesian rule (1974–1999); namely, 17,600–19,600 killings and 73,200 to 194,000 'excess' deaths from hunger and illness, although Indonesian forces were responsible for only about 70% of the violent killings.
Apex of power.
Socio-economic progress and growing corruption.
By 1996, Indonesia's poverty rate had dropped to around 11% compared with 45% in 1970 according to some studies, though this claim of poverty reduction is debatable and many studies indicate poverty is much higher than claimed, possibly as high as 50% living on a dollar a day or less. From 1966 to 1997, Indonesia recorded real GDP growth of 5.03% pa, pushing real GDP per capita upwards from US$ 806 to US$ 4,114. In 1966, manufacturing sector made-up less than 10% of GDP (mostly industries related to oil and agriculture). By 1997, manufacturing had risen to 25% of GDP whereby 53% of exports consisted of manufactured products. The government invested into massive infrastructure development (notably the launching of series of Palapa telecommunication satellites), consequently Indonesian infrastructure in mid-1990s was considered at par with China. Suharto was keen to capitalize on such achievements to justify his regime, and an MPR resolution in 1983 granted him the title of "Father of Development".
Suharto government's health-care programs (such as the "Puskesmas" program) increased life expectancy from 47 years (1966) to 67 years (1997) while cutting infant mortality rate by more than 60%. The government's "Inpres" program launched in 1973 resulted in primary school enrollment ratio reaching 90% by 1983 while almost eliminating education gap between boys and girls. Sustained support for agriculture resulted in Indonesia reaching rice self-sufficiency by 1984, an unprecedented achievement which earned Suharto a gold medal from FAO on November 1985.
In early 1980s, Suharto government responded to fall in oil exports due to the 1980s oil glut by successfully shifting pillar of the economy into export-oriented labour-intensive manufacturing, made globally competitive by Indonesia's low wages and a series of currency devaluation. Industrialization was mostly undertaken by ethnic-Chinese companies which evolved into immense conglomerates dominating the nation's economy. The largest conglomeracies are the Salim Group led by Liem Sioe Liong (Sudono Salim), Sinar Mas Group led by Oei Ek Tjong (Eka Tjipta Widjaja), Astra Group led by Tjia Han Poen (William Soeryadjaya), Lippo Group led by Lie Mo Tie (Mochtar Riady), Barito Pacific Group led by Pang Djun Phen (Prajogo Pangestu), and Nusamba Group led by Bob Hasan. Suharto decided to support the growth of small number of Chinese-Indonesian conglomerates since they cannot pose political challenge due to their ethnic-minority status, but from his past experience he deemed them to possess the skills and capital needed to create real growth for the country. In exchange for Suharto's patronage, the conglomerates provided vital financing for his "regime maintenance" activities.
In late 1980s, Suharto government decided to de-regulate the banking sector to encourage savings and providing domestic source of financing required for growth. Suharto decreed the "October Package of 1988" ("PAKTO 88") which eased requirements for establishing banks and extending credit; resulting in a 50% increase in number of banks from 1989-1991. To promote savings, the government introduced the "TABANAS" program to the populace. Jakarta Stock Exchange, re-opened in 1977, recorded bull-run due to spree of domestic IPOs and influx of foreign funds after deregulation in 1990. The sudden availability of credit fueled strong economic growth in the early 1990s, but the weak regulatory environment of the financial sector sowed the seeds of the catastrophic crisis in 1997 which eventually destroyed Suharto's regime.
The growth of the economy is coincided by rapid expansion in corruption, collusion, and nepotism ("Korupsi, Kolusi, dan Nepotisme / KKN"). In the early 1980s, Suharto's children, particularly Siti Hardiyanti Rukmana ("Tutut"), Hutomo Mandala Putra ("Tommy"), and Bambang Trihatmodjo, has grown into greedy adults. Their companies were given lucrative government contracts and protected from market competition by monopolies. Examples include the toll-expressway market which was monopolized by Tutut, national car project monopolized by Bambang and Tommy, and even the cinema market monopolized by 21 Cineplex owned by Suharto's cousin Sudwikatmono. The family is said to control about 36,000 km² of real estate in Indonesia, including 100,000 m² of prime office space in Jakarta and nearly 40% of the land in East Timor. Additionally, Suharto's family members received free shares in 1,251 of Indonesia's most lucrative domestic companies (mostly run by Suharto's ethnic-Chinese cronies), while foreign-owned companies were encouraged to establish "strategic partnerships" with Suharto family's companies. Meanwhile, the myriad of "yayasan"s run by Suharto family grew even larger, levying millions of dollars in "donations" from the public and private sectors each year.
Grip on power.
By the 1980s, Suharto's grip on power was very strong, maintained by emasculation of civil society, engineered elections, and liberal use of military's coercive powers. Upon his retirement from the military in June 1976, Suharto undertook re-organization of the armed forces that concentrates power away from commanders to the president. On March 1983, he appointed General Leonardus Benjamin Moerdani as head of the armed forces. A tough and capable soldier, Moerdani is also a Roman Catholic, which precluded him from posing a political threat to Suharto.
Suharto ruthlessly suppressed elements who disturbed the tranquility of the New Order society. From 1983 to 1985, army death squads murdered up to 10,000 suspected criminals in response to a spike in crime rate (dubbed "Petrus Killings"). Suharto's imposition of Pancasila as sole ideology caused protests from conservative Islamic groups who considers the Islamic law ("sharia") to be above any human conceptions. On September 1984, a violent demonstration in Tanjung Priok area of Jakarta by conservative Muslims led to soldiers opening fire, massacring up to 100 protestors. A retaliatory series of small bombings (notably the bombing of Borobudur Temple on January 1985) led to arrests of hundreds of conservative Islamic activists, ranging from future parliamentary leader AM Fatwa to radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir (future initiator of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah). Attacks on police by resurgent Libyan-aided Free Aceh Movement in 1989 led to a brutal military operation (""Operasi Jaring Merah"") which ended the insurgency by 1992 by killing of 2,000 people. More subtly, Suharto government seek to better control the press by issuing a 1984 law requiring all media to possess a press operating licence ("SIUPP") which can be revoked at any time by Ministry of Information. 
In the international arena, Western concern over communism waned with end of Cold War, and Suharto's human rights record came under greater international scrutiny. The November 1991 Santa Cruz Massacre in Dili, East Timor, resulted in the Congress of the United States passing limitations on IMET assistance to the Indonesian Military. Suharto retaliated by cancelling purchase orders for American F-16 fighter jets in 1997. When Netherlands condemned the Santa Cruz Massacre, Suharto retaliated by expelling the Dutch from IGGI on March 1992 and renaming this aid organization into Consultative Group on Indonesia (CGI) which continued increasing aid to Indonesia. Realizing this trend, Suharto sought wider alliances under the rubric of economic development, away from over-reliance to United States support. Suharto was elected as head of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1992, while Indonesia is a founding member of APEC in 1989 and host to the Bogor APEC Summit in 1994.
Domestically, the growing raparaciousness of Suharto's family created discontent amongst the military who lost access to power and lucrative rent-seeking opportunities. On March 1988 MPR session, military legislators attempted to pressure Suharto by unsuccessfully seeking to block nomination of Sudharmono, a Suharto-loyalist, as vice-president. After General Moerdani voiced his objections on Suharto family's corruption, the president dismissed him from the position of military chief. Suharto proceeded to slowly "de-militarize" his regime; he dissolved the powerful Kopkamtib on September 1988 and ensured key military positions were held by loyalists.
In an attempt to diversify his power base away from the military, Suharto begin courting support from Islamic elements. He undertook a much-publicized hajj pilgrimage in 1991, took up name of Haji Mohammad Suharto, started promoting Islamic values into society, and promoted the careers of Islamic-oriented generals (dubbed the "green generals"). To win support from the nascent Muslim business community who resented dominance of Chinese-Indonesian conglomerates, Suharto formed the ICMI (Indonesian Islamic Intellectuals' Association) on November 1990, which was led by his protege BJ Habibie, the Minister for Research and Technology since 1978. During this period of Suharto's cozying with Islamists, race riots against ethnic-Chinese begin to occur quite regularly, beginning with April 1994 riot in Medan.
By the 1990s, Suharto's government came to be dominated by sycophantic civilian politicians such as Habibie, Harmoko, Ginandjar Kartasasmita, and Akbar Tanjung, who owed their position solely to Suharto. As sign of Habibie's growing clout, when several prominent Indonesian magazines criticized Habibie's purchase of almost the entire fleet of the disbanded East German Navy in 1993 (most of the vessels were of scrap-value), Suharto ordered the offending publications to be closed down on 21 June 1994.
By the 1990s, elements the growing Indonesian middle class created by Suharto's economic development, was becoming restless with his autocracy and corruption of his children, fueling demands for "Reformasi" (reform) of the 30-year-old New Order system. By 1996, Megawati Sukarnoputri, the daughter of Sukarno and chairwoman of the normally compliant PDI, was becoming a rallying point for this growing discontent. In response, Suharto backed a co-opted faction of PDI led by Suryadi, which removed Megawati from the chair. On 27 July 1996, an attack by soldiers and hired thugs led by Lieutenant-General Sutiyoso on demonstrating Megawati supporters in Jakarta resulted in fatal riots and looting. This incident was followed by waves of arrests on 200 democracy activists, 23 of whom were kidnapped (some were murdered) by army squads called "Tim Mawar" ("Rose Team") led by Suharto's son-in-law, Major-General Prabowo Subianto. Regardless of these incidents, as late as mid-1997, Suharto's grip on power seemed as secure as ever with the military led by his loyalists, all opposition groups suppressed, and the economy in good shape.
Downfall.
The 1997 Asian financial crisis beginning on July 1997 in Thailand spread into Indonesia as foreign speculative investors pulled-out their investments, sucking US dollar liquidity in Indonesia and causing severe depreciation of the Indonesian rupiah. In the private sector, many Indonesian corporations had been borrowing heavily in lower-interest US dollar denomination while their revenues were mostly in rupiah; their debt rapidly increased as the US dollar appreciated, leaving many companies virtually bankrupt. These companies desperately sold rupiah and bought US dollars, causing the rupiah's value to drop from Rp 2,600 per dollar in August 1997 to over Rp 14,800 per dollar by January 1998. Efforts by the central bank to defend its managed float regime by selling dollar had little impact and instead drained Indonesia's foreign exchange reserves, forcing the government to free-float the currency and seek liquidity aid from IMF (International Monetary Fund).
In exchange for US $43 billion in liquidity aid, Suharto was forced to sign three letters of intent from October 1997 to April 1998 with the IMF. The LoI promised reforms which includes closing banks owned by Suharto's family and cronies starting on November 1997. Plan to close unhealthy banks resulted in a bank run that drained liquidity; depositors knew of the poor regulations and risky related-party credit extensions of Indonesian banks. On January 1998, the government was forced to provide emergency liquidity assistance (BLBI), issue blanket guarantee for bank deposits, and set-up Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency to take-over management of troubled banks to prevent collapse of the financial system. Based on IMF recommendation, the government increased interest rates to 70% pa on February 1998 to control spiralling inflation caused by higher price of imports, but this action killed availability of credit to the corporate sector. Suharto's foot-dragging in undertaking reforms demanded by IMF in relation to his children's business further weakened public confidence. According to American economist Steve Hanke, invited by Suharto on February 1998 to plan currency board system, President Bill Clinton and IMF managing director Michel Camdessus deliberately worsened the Indonesian crisis to force Suharto to resign.
Economic meltdown was accompanied by increasing political tension. Anti-Chinese riots occurred in Situbondo (1996), Tasikmalaya (1996), Banjarmasin (1997), and Makassar (1997); while bloody ethnic clashes broke-out between the Dayak and Madurese settlers in Central Kalimantan in 1997. After violent campaign season, Golkar won the heavily-rigged May 1997 MPR elections. The new MPR voted unanimously to re-elect Suharto to another five-year term in office on March 1998, upon which he proceeded to appoint his protege BJ Habibie as vice-president while stacking the cabinet with his own family and business associates (his daughter Tutut became Minister of Social Affairs). Government's increase of fuel prices by 70% of 4 May triggered anti-Chinese rioting in Medan. With Suharto increasingly seen as the source of the country's mounting economic and political crises, prominent political figures spoke out against his presidency (notably Muslim politician Amien Rais), and on January 1998 university students began organizing nation-wide demonstrations.
In West Kalimantan there was communal violence between Dayaks and Madurese in 1996, in the Sambas conflict in 1999 and the Sampit conflict 2001, resulting in large scale massacres of Madurese. In the Sambas conflict, both Malays and Dayaks massacred Madurese.
The crisis climaxed when Suharto was on a state visit to Egypt in May 1998. Security forces killed four student demonstrators from Jakarta's Trisakti University on 12 May 1998, which was followed by anti-Chinese rioting and looting across Jakarta and some other cities on 13–15 May that destroyed thousands of buildings and killed over 1,000 people. Various theories exist on the origins of the racial pogrom against the ethnic-Chinese. One theory suggested rivalry between military chief General Wiranto and Prabowo, while another theory suggested deliberate provocation by Suharto to divert blame for the crisis to the ethnic-Chinese and discredit the student movement.
On 16 May, tens of thousands of university students occupied the parliament building, demanding Suharto's resignation. Upon Suharto's return to Jakarta, he tried to defend his presidency by offering to resign in 2003 and to reshuffle his cabinet. These efforts failed when his political allies deserted him by refusing to join the proposed new cabinet. According to military chief Wiranto, on 18 May, Suharto issued a decree which provided authority to him to take any measures to restore security (similar to the 1966 Supersemar), however Wiranto decided not to enforce the decree to prevent conflict with the population. On 21 May 1998, Suharto announced his resignation, upon which vice-president Habibie assumed the presidency in accordance with the constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="2864796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864796" title="List of places on the British coastline">
List of places on the British coastline

This is a list of places on the British coastline, by country and county (administrative). Some coastlines are designated Heritage Coasts.
Northern Ireland.
County Londonderry.
County Down 
Bangor (seaside town)

</doc>
<doc id="2864798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864798" title="Kramatorsk">
Kramatorsk

Kramatorsk () is a city of regional significance located at the northern portion of Donetsk Oblast, in eastern Ukraine. The city is located on the banks of river Kazennyi Torets which is a right tributary of Siversky Donets.
The city is an important industrial and mechanical engineering centre in Ukraine. At various periods, Kramatorsk was a place of residence for a number of notable people including Leonid Bykov, Joseph Kobzon and the youngest person to ever become FIDE World Champion Ruslan Ponomariov.
Geography.
Kramatorsk and its city municipality is located between the Sloviansk Raion and the Kostiantynivka Raion and along with its centers is part of a major urban agglomeration in the region.
Demographics.
Kramatorsk currently has a population of over 173,700 inhabitants (2008) and has a metropolitan area of over 203,100 inhabitants (2004).
The Russian language is dominant in Kramatorsk: 63.4% of citizens speak Russian, while 36.0% speak Ukrainian.
According to the 2001 population census, the ethnic composition of Kramatorsk is:
History.
The city grew from a settlement by a small railway station in 1868 into a major urban settlement in the north of Donetsk Oblast with several heavy machine production facilities.
2014 clashes.
On April 13, the police station in Kramatorsk was seized by pro-Russian militants, and later the city council. This resulted in a tense standoff between the Ukrainian Armed Forces and pro-Russian militants. After months of fighting, the rebels withdrew and the city came under Ukrainian control.
Economy and Industry.
Kramatorsk has not stayed away from the international outsourcing trend prompted by the emergence of the information society in Ukraine in the Post-Soviet years. An IT company QuartSoft Corp. was founded in Kramatorsk in 1999. Now it has offices in the United States and Austria.
Machinebuilding.
In the 2000s, a wind turbine production facility was constructed in Kramatorsk. This is a joint venture between German Fuhrländer AG and its Ukrainian partners. According to their site, Fuhrländer became the first company in the renewable energy sector to obtain a building permit from the Ukrainian government.

</doc>
<doc id="2864799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864799" title="Hydrazide">
Hydrazide

Hydrazides in organic chemistry are a class of organic compounds sharing a common functional group characterized by a nitrogen to nitrogen covalent bond with 4 substituents with at least one of them being an acyl group. The general structure for a hydrazide is (R1=O)R2-N-N-R3R4. A related class of compounds called hydrazines do not carry an acyl group. Important members of this class are sulfonylhydrazides such as p-toluenesulfonylhydrazide which are useful reagents in organic chemistry such as in the Shapiro reaction. This reagent can be prepared by reaction of tosyl chloride with hydrazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2864806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864806" title="The Peopling of British North America">
The Peopling of British North America

The Peopling of British North America: An Introduction by Bernard Bailyn (1986, ISBN 0-394-55392-6) limns major themes of European migration to colonial British North America.

</doc>
<doc id="2864809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864809" title="RAF Folkingham">
RAF Folkingham

Royal Air Force Station Folkingham or RAF Folkingham is a former Royal Air Force station located south west of Folkingham, Lincolnshire and about due south of county town Lincoln and north of London, England.
Opened in 1940, it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces. During the war it was used primarily as a troop carrier airfield for airborne units and as a subsidiary training depot of the newly formed Royal Air Force Regiment. After the war it was placed on care and maintenance during 1947 when the RAF Regiment relocated to RAF Catterick.
During the late 1950s and early 1960s, the RAF Bomber Command used Folkingham as a PGM-17 Thor Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) base.
Today the remains of the airfield are located on private property being used as agricultural fields, with the main north-south runway acting as hardstanding for hundreds of scrapped vehicles.
History.
USAAF use.
Folkingham was known as USAAF Station AAF-484 for security reasons by the USAAF during the war, and by which it was referred to instead of location. It's USAAF Station Code was "FK".
313th Troop Carrier Group.
US personnel started to arrive in January 1944 to prepare for the 313th Troop Carrier Group scheduled to transfer from Trapani/Milo Airfield, Sicily. On 5 February it opened as a USAAF IX Troop Carrier Command station flying four squadrons of C-47s. Operational squadrons and fuselage codes were:
The 313th TCG was part of the 52nd Troop Carrier Wing.
However, at the end of February 1945, the group began its move to a new base in France at Achiet (Advanced Landing Ground B-54), although the last elements did not leave until well into March. 
RAF Maintenance Command.
Folkingham was retained by the USAAF although most personnel had departed by mid-April. The station was closed in 1947.
With the facility released from military control, the runway was used for development testing of the new BRM 16 cylinder 1.5 litre racing car which was presented before the press for the first time on 15 December 1949, at Folkingham airfield. A BRM engine test house and other facilities were later built there.
Thor Missile use by RAF Bomber Command.
RAF Folkingham later served as a post-war PGM-17 Thor Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) base with 3 IRBM launchers operated by No. 223 (Strategic Missile) Squadron RAF. With the reactivation of the site in late 1958, BRM was relocated to RAF North Witham. 
Current use.
On the closure of the Thor site, British Racing Motors (BRM) moved back and its later cars were tested at Folkingham, but only remained for a few years. In the late 1960s the runways and some nissen huts were used by Lincolnshire Police as a driver training and skid pan area. In the mid-1960s the testing track closed and the airfield was sold off to agricultural interests.
Today the airfield is largely used by agriculture. Most of the runways and perimeter track were removed after the sale of the airfield by BRM for hardcore aggregate, with some single-lane agricultural roads remaining that generally outlines the former concreted area. No evidence of the technical site located to the northeast of the airfield remains. Evidence of some dispersed personnel sites appear to the north and northeast of the airfield, with some abandoned concrete roads now in abandoned, overgrown areas.
The southern half of the airfield partially remains containing several single and double-loop hardstands, along with a full-width length of the 00-18 north-south main runway. The runway now serves as a vehicle compound for Nelson M Green & Sons Ltd, for the storage of decommissioned agricultural vehicles, lorries and other equipment. The vehicles, many often rare and long out of production, are stored for the resale of their spare parts. The abandoned hulks also line the sides of the remaining perimeter track along with several of the old dispersal loops. The wartime bomb dump exists, although it is now a forested area still containing concrete disused bomb stores, evidence of which can be seen by the pattern of vegetation that has overgrown and reclaimed the facility. 
The remains of the three postwar Thor missile pads are the most prominent military features remaining on the airfield, their heavily reinforced concrete areas making them difficult and uneconomical to remove for the small amount of aggregate that can be reclaimed from them.

</doc>
<doc id="2864815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864815" title="Meniscus (anatomy)">
Meniscus (anatomy)

In anatomy, a meniscus (from Greek μηνίσκος "meniskos", "crescent") is a crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous structure that, in contrast to articular disks, only partly divides a joint cavity. In humans they are present in the knee, acromioclavicular, sternoclavicular, and temporomandibular joints, as well as the radio-carpal joint; in other organisms they may be present in other joints (e.g. between the forearm bones of birds).
Generally, the term 'meniscus' often refers to the cartilage of the knee, either to the lateral and medial menisci. Both are cartilaginous tissues that provide structural integrity to the knee when it undergoes tension and torsion. The menisci are also known as 'semi-lunar' cartilages — referring to their half-moon "C" shape — a term which has been largely dropped by the medical profession, but which led to the menisci being called knee 'cartilages' by the lay public.
Structure.
The meniscus of the knee are two pads of cartilaginous tissue which serve to disperse friction in the knee joint between the lower leg (tibia) and the thigh (femur). They are concave on the top and flat on the bottom, articulating with the tibia. They are attached to the small depressions (fossae) between the condyles of the tibia (intercondyloid fossa), and towards the center they are unattached and their shape narrows to a thin shelf. The blood flow of the meniscus is from the periphery (outside) to the central meniscus. Blood flow decreases with age and the central meniscus is avascular by adulthood leading to very poor healing rates.
Function.
The menisci act to disperse the weight of the body and reduce friction during movement. Since the condyles of the femur and tibia meet at one point (which changes during flexion and extension), the menisci spread the load of the body's weight. This differs from sesamoid bones, which are made of osseous tissue and whose function primarily is to protect the nearby tendon and to increase its mechanical effect.
Clinical significance.
Injury.
In sports and orthopedics, people will sometimes speak of "torn cartilage" and actually be referring to an injury to one of the menisci. There are two general types of meniscus injuries, acute tears that are often the result of trauma or a sports injury and chronic or wear-and-tear type tears. Acute tears have many different shapes (vertical, horizontal, radial, oblique, complex) and sizes. They are often treated with surgical repair depending upon the patient's age as they rarely heal on their own. Chronic tears are treated symptomatically: physical therapy with or without the addition of injections and anti-inflammatory medications. If the tear causes continued pain, swelling, or knee dysfunction, then the tear can be removed or repaired surgically.
The Unhappy Triad is a set of commonly co-occurring knee injuries which includes injury to the medial meniscus.
Non-surgical treatment.
Non-surgical treatment is often considered first for a smaller or chronic tear that does not appear amenable to surgical repair. It consists of activity modification, physical therapy for strengthening and range of motion, electro-acupuncture, weight loss, and possibly injections or medications.
Surgical treatment.
Two surgeries of the meniscus are most common. Depending on the type and location of the tear, the patient's age, and physician's preference, injured menisci are usually either repaired or removed, in part or completely (meniscectomy). Each has its advantages and disadvantages. Many studies show the meniscus serves a purpose and therefore doctors will attempt to repair when possible. However, the meniscus has poor blood supply, and, therefore, healing can be difficult. Traditionally it was thought that if there is no chance of healing then it is best to remove the damaged and non-functional meniscus. This has been found to be wrong in some cases in at least one study.

</doc>
<doc id="2864817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864817" title="Khursheed Bano">
Khursheed Bano

Khursheed Bano (Punjabi, ) (April 14, 1914 - April 18, 2001) often credited as Khursheed or Khurshid was a singer and actress, and a pioneer of the Indian cinema. Her career ran through the 1930s and 1940s, before she migrated to Pakistan in 1948. She is most known for her film "Tansen" (1943) with actor-singer K. L. Saigal, which featured many of career's best hits.
Early life.
She was born Irshad Begum in the village of Choonian, in Kasur District, Lahore, Punjab in present day Pakistan.
Career.
Khursheed Bano started her film career as Shehla in the silent film Eye For An Eye (1931) the year when the first talkie film (Alam Ara) of the subcontinent was released. Some of the films that were released during these phase were Laila Majnu, and Shakuntla in 1931, Chatra Bakavli, Hatili Dulhan, Muflis Aashiq, Radheshyam in 1932, Naklee Doctor in 1933, Suarag ki Serhi, Bomb Shell, Chiragh-e-Husn, and Mirza Sahiban in 1935, Ailan-e-Jang, Kimiagar in 1936, Iman Farosh in 1937, Madhur Milan in 1938, Murad, Kaun kisi ka and Sitara in 1939.
But most of her films that were released between 1931 and 1942, a period during which she went unnoticed. Khursheed acted in a number of films for Ranjit Movietone and her leading men included K. L. Saigal, Motilal, Jairaj, and Ishwarlal. 
Some of her films in 40s were Musafir,Shadi("Hari ke Goon Prabhu ke Goon gavun mein"), Holi (“Bhigoi Moree Saree Ray”), in 1940, Pardesi ("Pahley Jo Mohabbat Sey Inkaar Kia Hota","Mori Ateria Hai Sooni"), Beti, and Shaadi (“Ghir Ghir Aaye Baderia”), in 1942, Bhakta Surdas (Her famous song “Panchee Bawra” whose composer was Gyan Dutt became a very famous song of the forty’s. The other famous and popular songs from the same film are “Madhur Madhur Ga Ray Manwa”, “Jholee Bhar Taray Laday Ray”, and a duet “Chandni Raat Aur Taray Khilay Hon” with K. L. Saigal.), Chandni and Patola (in Punjabi) in 1941, Tansen and Nurse (“Koyalia Kahay Bolay Ree”) in 1943. Tansen (1943), with music composed by Khemchand Prakash, was a high point in her acting career. She became known both as an actress and a singer. Her famous songs (with her name as Tani as heroine in this film) included such popular songs as “Barso Re”, “Ghata Ghan Ghor Ghor”, “Dukhia Jiara”, “Ab Raja Bhae Moray Balam”, and a duet, “Moray Bala Pun Kay Sathee Chela” with K. L. Saigal.
Her other famous films are, Mumtaz Mahal (“Jo Hum Pay Guzarti Hai”, “Dil Kee Dharkan Bana Liya”), Shahenshah Babar (“Mohabbat Mein Sara Jahan Jal Raha Hai”,”Bulbul Aa Tu Bhi Ga”) in 1944, Prabhu ka Ghar and Moorti (“Ambwa Pay Koyal Boley”, “Baderia baras gayee uss paar”) with music composition by Bilo. C. Rani in 1945, Aagey Barho and Mitti ("Chahi Kali Ghata More Balam") in 1947, Aap Beetee (“Meree Bintee Suno Bhagwan”) in 1948.
Migration to Pakistan.
Her last film in India was Papeeha Re (1948), which was a great hit, prior to her migration to Pakistan, leaving her mark in the Indian film industry. Khursheed migrated to Pakistan after the independence, with her husband and settled down in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
She worked in two films in 1956, Fankar and Mandi. Mandi attracted some attention because of Khursheed, but because of technical shortcomings including poor direction, neither Khursheed as singer nor Rafiq Ghaznavi's musical score were able to produce the hoped-for ticket sales. Fankar was produced by Robert Malik, a physics teacher at Saint Paul's English High, a Christian missionary high school in Karachi. The film also lagged in commercial success.
Personal life.
Khursheed married her manager Lala Yakub, who was an occasional actor and member of the Bhati Gate Group, Lahore, Pakistan. Due to personal problems, she divorced Yakub. She remarried in 1956 to Yusuf Bhaimia, an admirer of her work, entrepreneur in the shipping business, and eventually a philanthropist.
Death.
Khursheed died on April 18, 2001 in Karachi, Pakistan four days after her 87th birthday.
Trivia.
She was among the two singing actresses of Indian cinema who have shared stellar honors with the renowned singer K. L. Saigal. Suraiya, another popular singer/actress of the forty’s and fifty’s.

</doc>
<doc id="2864820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864820" title="If I Only Had a Brain">
If I Only Had a Brain

"If I Only Had a Brain" (also "If I Only Had a Heart" and "If I Only Had the Nerve") is a song by Harold Arlen (music) and E.Y. Harburg (lyrics). The song is sung in the 1939 film "The Wizard of Oz" by the characters that meet Dorothy. The characters pine about what each wants from the Wizard. It was also sung in Andrew Lloyd Webber's 2011 musical adaptation and added as a reprise called "If We Only Had a Plan" when the characters discuss on how to save Dorothy in Act II.
Originally written by Arlen and Harburg as "I'm Hanging On to You" for the 1937 Broadway musical "Hooray for What!", the song was ultimately dropped from that show, and when the pair was later hired to do the songs for "Oz", Harburg simply wrote new lyrics to the tune.
"If I Only Had a Brain".
The Scarecrow's version of the song is sung about getting a brain. The original recording included an extravagant Busby Berkeley-choreographed dance routine, but this was eventually cut for length reasons. A closing vocal stanza was likewise cut. Both pieces still exist and are available for viewing.
In the film as officially released, he sings the first and second verses of this song, then falls over comically. In the original cut, though, he sings the first and second verses, begins to dance, and eventually a crow takes a large portion of his straw. The scarecrow then flies in the air to get it back, which he does. Then, he does some splits (forward and backward), and then a pumpkin rolls down the road. When it goes through the scarecrow's legs, he is thrown high into the air. Now, he comes down, bounces against the fences, sings a third verse of this song, then falls down. 
That sequence was eventually used as a segment in the 1985 film "That's Dancing!", and Warner Bros. considered restoring it for "Ozs 1998 theatrical re-release, but decided against it. The sequence is included as a DVD extra on 1999, 2005, and 2009 releases.
Ray Bolger's original recording of the song was far more sedate compared to the version heard in the film; it was decided by the producers that a more energetic rendition would better suit Dorothy's initial meeting with the Scarecrow, and was re-recorded as such. Thought to be lost for over seven decades, a recording of this original version was discovered in 2009.
Jackson Browne sang a folk music tempo of this song in the 1995 television special "" when he performed as the Scarecrow. 
Harry Connick, Jr. recorded "If I Only Had a Brain" for his 1988 album "20". This song was also covered by alternative rock band The Flaming Lips for the soundtrack to the video game "Stubbs the Zombie". Dave Matthews Band often interpolates this into the song "Bartender", near the end. 
Rick DePiro, organist in the 1980s for the Cleveland Indians, used "If I Only Had a Brain" often to poke fun at umpires when they were thought to make a bad call. In 2007, New Orleans song writer Paul Sanchez recorded the song for the children's album, "Funky Kidz". The song is also featured in an ad for GE that first aired during Super Bowl XLIII. 
Additionally, The Four Freshmen have recorded a version of the song, with Brian Eichenberger, who wrote the arrangement, soloing in the spirit of the Scarecrow. Jeremy Little also recorded an acoustic version of the song, which was featured on the Fox television series "Fringe", at the end of the episode "The Firefly."
The song is also included as a kind of Easter Egg on iOS devices with Siri. When asking Siri to "sing me a song", Siri will occasionally sing the first few lines of this song.
"If I Only Had a Heart".
The Tin Man's version of the song, about getting a heart, is sung after he says "No heart. All hollow." In the song, a girl's voice (that of Adriana Caselotti, best known for playing the title role in Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs") comes in singing, "Wherefore art thou Romeo?"
The song was first recorded by Buddy Ebsen, originally cast as the Tin Man until a makeup-induced illness forced him to withdraw. Although it was re-recorded by his replacement, Jack Haley, Ebsen's original recording survived and can be heard as one of many bonus tracks on the 1995 deluxe soundtrack release, as well as various home video/DVD releases from 1989-onward. Ebsen's version also contains the separately recorded single line recited by Adriana Caselotti.
Ebsen performed his vocals in his natural voice. In his Tin Man portion of the film, Haley eschewed his own natural, somewhat deeper and stronger voice, and both spoke and sang in a softened tone that he said was the tone he typically used when reading stories to his children.
Roger Daltrey sang a rock and roll tempo of this song in the 1995 television special when he performed as the Tin Man.
"If I Only Had the Nerve".
The Cowardly Lion's version, about courage, is the shortest of the three, and is connected to "We're Off to See the Wizard" by a bridge saying "Then I'm sure to get a brain; a heart; a home; the nerve" (a longer version was written, but it was shortened in the interest of balance, since Bert Lahr was given a second musical number, "If I Were King of the Forest," later in the film).
Lahr's natural regional accent was exploited and emphasized for comic effect in this song, which includes several words that are pronounced in a stereotypically "Brooklynese" way: "voive" for "verve", "desoive" for "deserve", and "noive" for "nerve".
The first line was initially recorded as "Yeah, it's sad to be admittin'/When you're vicious as a kitten," but it was eventually changed to "Yeah, it's sad, believe it, missy/When you're born to be a sissy."
The longer version of this song was used in the 1995 television special. It was sung by Nathan Lane including the bridge verses sung by The Scarecrow, Tin Man and Dorothy (Jewel).

</doc>
<doc id="2864821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864821" title="Elongated triangular tiling">
Elongated triangular tiling

In geometry, the elongated triangular tiling is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are three triangles and two squares on each vertex.
Conway calls it a isosnub quadrille.
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane. This tiling is related to the snub square tiling which also has 3 triangles and two squares on a vertex, but in a different order. It is also the only uniform tiling that can't be created as a Wythoff construction. It can be constructed as alternate layers of apeirogonal prisms and apeirogonal antiprisms.
Uniform colorings.
There are three uniform colorings of an elongated triangular tiling. (Naming the colors by indices around a vertex (3.3.3.4.4): 11122 and 11123.) Two uniform colorings have indices 11123, with two colors of squares, repeated by reflection or glide reflection, while in general each row of squares can be shifted around independently. The coloring shown in the upper-right table is a mixture of 12134 and 21234 colorings.
Circle packing.
The elongated triangular tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 5 other circles in the packing (kissing number). 
Related tilings.
It is related to similarly constructed hyperbolic uniform tilings with 2*"n"2 orbifold notation symmetry, vertex figure 4.n.4.3.3.3, and Coxeter diagram . These duals have hexagonal faces, with face configuration V4.n.4.3.3.3.
Prismatic pentagonal tiling.
The prismatic pentagonal tiling is a dual uniform tiling in the Euclidean plane. It is one of 14 known isohedral pentagon tilings.
Conway calls it a iso(4-)pentille. Each of its pentagonal faces has three 120° and two 90° angles.
It is the dual of the elongated triangular tiling.

</doc>
<doc id="2864831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864831" title="John Pasta">
John Pasta

John R. Pasta (1918–1984) was an American Computational physicist and computer scientist who is remembered today for the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam experiment, a result much discussed among physicists and researchers in dynamical systems and chaos theory, and as the head of the department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1964 to 1970.
Early life.
Pasta was raised in New York City and did work as a real estate title examiner before becoming a New York City police officer from 1941 to 1942. Pasta followed his interest in physics and attended the City College of New York. During the depression Pasta was forced to drop out of the City College and find work, eventually being drafted into the Army during World War II, receiving the Bronze Star.
Following the war, Pasta was able to return to school at the City College through the GI Bill. Eventually receiving his PhD in theoretical physics from New York University in 1951. That same year he worked at Los Alamos National Laboratory.
1951–1963.
At Los Alamos National Laboratory Pasta would begin his work on his most famous projects.
In 1952, working under Nicholas Metropolis on the MANIAC I, John Pasta aided in the construction of an early computer that specialized in calculations around weapons design.
After working on the MANIAC I, Pasta continued on to work in the project he is most known for, the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam experiment.
After working alongside Enrico Fermi and Stanislaw Ulam Pasta went on to work for the Atomic Energy Commission as the only computer expert, eventually developing the branch of mathematics and computers to an entire division.
1964–1984.
In 1964, Pasta became a research professor of physics at the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois, and later became the head of the department. He died in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="2864838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864838" title="List of schools in Sandefjord">
List of schools in Sandefjord

Schools in Sandefjord, Norway include:
Secondary/High Schools.
All external links are in Norwegian.
Middle Schools.
All external links are in Norwegian.
Primary Schools.
All external links are in Norwegian.

</doc>
<doc id="2864845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864845" title="Shirley Siaton">
Shirley Siaton

Shirley Siaton, officially credited in bylines as Shirley O. Siaton, is a journalist and writer of fiction and poetry based in the Philippines. She is best known for the "Center" series that ran in MOD Filipina magazine, stories that chronicled the lives of members of a fictional Filipino pop-rock band.
Awards and Credits.
In 1996, she was the champion of the Regional Secondary Schools Press Conference English Editorial contest and the silver medallist of the same category at the National level. She is also a recipient of the National Philippine Information Agency IWAG Award for Excellence in Journalism and the much-coveted Esteban Javellana Award for Creative Writing, both given in 1997.
Most of her fiction has been published in Philippine magazines such as "MOD Filipina" and "Glitter". Her poetry was showcased in several issues of "The Philippine Star". She has also worked as a columnist for "Files Magazine", the weekly magazine of Panay News.
Writings.
These are Shirley Siaton's works, grouped by publication and by no means comprehensive:
Files Magazine
Glitter Magazine
MOD Filipina Magazine
The Philippine Star
She is also the author of two Filipino stageplays, "Tatsulok" ("Triangle") and "Gisi" ("Torn"), both staged at the University of the Philippines Iloilo City campus in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2864854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864854" title="USS Murzim (AK-95)">
USS Murzim (AK-95)

The USS "Murzim" (AK-95) was an ammo station ship working in the Pacific Ocean during World War II, named after Murzim, the star in constellation Canis Major. The auxiliary ship "Murzim" was manned by United States Coast Guard personnel, supplying ships with a variety of ammunition.
In light of the Mount Hood tragedy, which involved the complete explosion of another ammunition ship, the , it became clear that those on the "Murzim" and other ammo ships were running the risk of nearly instantaneous death by catastrophic explosion at every moment of their stint in the Pacific Theater. Nevertheless, the crew worked even under the threat of air attack warnings, transferring their cargo to other fighting ships.
Originally named SS "Brigham Young", she was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract by the California Shipbuilding Company in Wilmington, California on 10 July 1942 and launched 17 August 1942 as a liberty ship. She was renamed "Murzim" on 17 March 1943 and was acquired by the Navy under bareboat charter from the Maritime Commission on 8 April 1943.
She was then converted for use as a naval cargo ship by the Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Drydock Corporation in Los Angeles, California and commissioned 14 May 1943 with Lieutenant J. E. King, USCGR, in command and Lieutenant Rodney W. Norman, USCGR, serving as communications officer. Another seaman on the "Murzim" was Alex Haley, who would later gain fame as the writer of "". Her crew bears distinction for being the only US Navy ship crew in wartime to be ordered to "abandon ship" while at dockside due to an onboard fire while fully loaded with ammunition. The fire was controlled, averting catastrophe.
For almost two months the "Murzim" operated along the west coast of the United States under the 11th Naval District; thence, after loading general cargo, she departed from San Francisco 8 July 1943 and arrived at New Caledonia on 5 August. She then began cargo shuttle runs among American bases in the South Pacific and during the next year, she delivered supplies from ports in Australia, New Zealand, and New Caledonia to the New Hebrides, the Fiji Islands, and the Solomon Islands. She carried out several voyages between Nouméa and Guadalcanal, and in the spring of 1944 she extended her runs northward along the Solomon chain to Bougainville, New Georgia, Green Island, and the Russells.
In mid-June she sailed from the Solomons via New Guinea to the Admiralties where she discharged cargo at Manus. After steaming to Australia for a cargo of ammunition, she returned to New Guinea 24 August. For almost two months, "Murzim" supplied antiaircraft ammunition to ships at Hollandia preparing for the invasion of the Philippines. After filling her holds with ammunition from Brisbane and Sydney Australia, she sailed without escort for the Philippines 24 October. Arriving Leyte Gulf 29 October, she began duty as an ammo station ship.
During the next 3 months she supplied ships from cruisers to LSTs with a variety of ammunition which ranged from 6-inch to 20 mm. Despite numerous air alerts, her crew carried out the dangerous business of transferring ammunition to ships alongside. During an enemy air attack 27 November, her 20 mm guns splashed a Japanese plane attacking the cargo ship from starboard. By eyewitness account, the small plane of a type used for photographic reconnaissance was on a downward sloping path toward a broadside collision with the Murzim’s midsection. At nearly the last moment the plane was hit by a foredeck gun and changed course by pitching upward, rolling over on its side, careening over the ship and plunging into the water to port. A small craft was sent out look for wreckage and survivors. The only thing found was a single wheel assembly, the tire still intact and displaying the Goodyear trademark, this latter fact being widely remarked among the crew.
Between 27 January 1945 and 4 February, "Murzim" steamed in convoy to Manus where she replenished her holds with ammunition. Thence, after joining a convoy at Hollandia, she returned to Leyte 22 March and resumed ammo station duty in Leyte Gulf. During the closing weeks of the war against Japan, she delivered cargo to Manus and cruised to the Philippines with additional supplies of ammunition.
Following the Japanese surrender, the "Murzim" was authorized for use in atomic tests in the Marshalls, and was ordered to transfer to joint Task Force 1, 25 February 1946. However, she was assigned to the 14th Naval District for inactivation 11 March and she decommissioned at Pearl Harbor 7 June.
She remained at Pearl Harbor until March 1947 when she was towed to San Francisco. Her name was struck from the Navy List 23 June. The "Murzim" was transferred to the Maritime Commission 5 August 1947, and entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay where she remained berthed into 1969.
The "Murzim" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2864855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864855" title="Jiří Bicek">
Jiří Bicek

Jiří Bicek (born December 3, 1978 in Košice, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga.
Playing career.
Bicek was drafted 131st overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He then proceeded to play 7 pro seasons in North America, mostly playing for the Albany River Rats of the AHL. In 423 games in Albany, Bicek scored 75 goals and 167 assists for 242 points. In those last four seasons, he was called up to the Devils sporadically. During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Bicek returned to Slovakia to play for HC Košice. He played 54 games there and scored 18 goals and 41 points. In 62 career NHL games, Bicek has scored 6 goals and 7 assists for 13 points. He won a Stanley Cup in 2003 with the Devils.
The season 2006–2007 he played for Swedish team Brynäs IF and Finnish KalPa before moved 2008 to Jyp in the SM-Liiga, he joined to end of the year 2008 to EHC Biel[http://www.ehcb.ch/de/news/ehcbnews/meldungen/2008_12_28_56397958_meldung.php?navanchor=2110006].

</doc>
<doc id="2864857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864857" title="Fermi–Pasta–Ulam problem">
Fermi–Pasta–Ulam problem

In physics, the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam problem or FPU problem was the apparent paradox in chaos theory that many complicated enough physical systems exhibited almost exactly periodic behavior – called Fermi–Pasta–Ulam recurrence – instead of ergodic behavior. One of the resolutions of the paradox includes the insight that many non-linear equations are exactly integrable. Another may be that ergodic behavior may depend on the initial energy of the system.
The FPU experiment.
In the summer of 1953 Enrico Fermi, John Pasta, Stanislaw Ulam, and Mary Tsingou conducted numerical experiments (i.e. computer simulations) of a vibrating string that included a non-linear term (quadratic in one test, cubic in another, and a piecewise linear approximation to a cubic in a third). They found that the behavior of the system was quite different from what intuition would have led them to expect. Fermi thought that after many iterations, the system would exhibit thermalization, an ergodic behavior in which the influence of the initial modes of vibration fade and the system becomes more or less random with all modes excited more or less equally. Instead, the system exhibited a very complicated quasi-periodic behavior. They published their results in a Los Alamos technical report in 1955. (Enrico Fermi died in 1954 and so this technical report was published after Fermi's death.)
The FPU experiment was important both in showing the complexity of nonlinear system behavior and the value of computer simulation in analyzing systems.
Physics Today - January 2008 published additional information regarding the development of FPU.
The FPU lattice system.
Fermi, Pasta and Ulam (FPU) simulated the vibrating string by solving the following discrete system of nearest-neighbor coupled oscillators. We follow the explanation as given in Palais's article. Let there be "N" oscillators representing a string of length "l" with equilibrium positions formula_1 where formula_2 is the lattice spacing. Then the position of the jth oscillator as a function of time is formula_3 so that formula_4 gives the displacement from equilibrium. FPU used the following equations of motion:
This is just Newton's second law for the "j"th particle. The first factor formula_6 is just the usual Hooke's law form for the force. The factor with formula_7 is the nonlinear force. We can rewrite this in terms of continuum quantities by defining formula_8 to be the wave speed, where formula_9 is the Young's modulus for the string and formula_10 is the density:
Connection to the KdV equation.
The continuum limit of the governing equations for the string (with the quadratic force term) is the Korteweg–de Vries equation (KdV equation.) The discovery of this relationship and of the soliton solutions of the KdV equation by Kruskal and Zabusky in 1965 was an important step forward in nonlinear system research. We reproduce below a derivation of this limit, which is rather tricky, as found in Palais's article. Beginning from the "continuum form" of the lattice equations above, we first define "u"("x","t") to be the displacement of the string at position "x" and time "t". We'll then want a correspondence so that formula_12 is formula_4.
We can use Taylor's theorem to rewrite the second factor for small formula_15, (subscripts of u denote partial derivatives):
Similarly, the second term in the third factor is:
Thus, the FPU system is:
If one were to keep terms up to O("h") only and assume that formula_19 approaches a limit, the resulting equation is one which develops shocks, which is not observed. Thus one keeps the O("h"2) term as well:
We now make the following substitutions, motivated by the decomposition of traveling wave solutions (of the ordinary wave equation, to which this reduces when formula_21 vanish) into left- and right-moving waves, so that we only consider a right-moving wave. Let formula_22. Under this change of coordinates, the equation becomes:
To take the continuum limit, assume that formula_24 tends to a constant and formula_21 tend to zero. If we take formula_26, then:
Taking formula_28 results in the KdV equation:
Zabusky and Kruskal argued that it was the fact that soliton solutions of the KdV equation can pass through one another without affecting the asymptotic shapes that explained the quasi-periodicity of the waves in the FPU experiment. In short, thermalization could not occur because of a certain "soliton symmetry" in the system which broke ergodicity.

</doc>
<doc id="2864866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864866" title="Muslim conquest of Egypt">
Muslim conquest of Egypt

At the commencement of the Muslim conquest of Egypt, Egypt was part of the Byzantine/Eastern Roman Empire with its capital at Constantinople. However, it had been conquered just a decade before by the Persian Empire under Khosrau II (616 to 629 AD). Emperor Heraclius re-captured Egypt after a series of campaigns against the Sassanid Persians, only to lose it to the Muslim Rashidun army ten years later. Before the Muslim invasion of Egypt had begun, the Eastern Romans had already lost the Levant and its Arab ally, the Ghassanid Kingdom, to the Muslims. All this left the Eastern Roman Empire dangerously exposed and vulnerable to the invaders.
Byzantine Egypt.
At the dawn of the seventh century AD, Egypt was a tributary of the Byzantine Empire. The country was governed by the East Roman civil service and military, both of which were filled by the Greek-speaking ruling class to the general exclusion of the native Coptic-speaking Egyptians. Locally, the Romans ruled Egypt from the capital of Alexandria, and from the ancient Egyptian capital of Memphis, with its great bulwark, the fortress of Babylon, on the eastern bank of the Nile. A chain of fortress towns ran across the country from which the Romans kept order and collected taxes.
Geographical separation was not the only isolating factor for the Egyptian region of East Roman Empire. The Chalcedonian Christianity of the Byzantines held to the doctrine of Christ having two natures, one divine and one human. Egyptian Christians, however, held the christological position of Miaphysitism, Oriental Orthodox Christianity prevailed, maintaining the doctrine of Christ having one united nature. Although the Council of Chalcedon, held in 451 AD, had ruled in favor of the Byzantine position, Egypt remained a stronghold of Miaphysitism. However, even though the Chalcedonians held the principal churches in Alexandria, the native Egyptians were able to build or rebuild their own churches and monasteries, such as those of St. Michael, and Sts. Cosmas and Damian, all of which were under the authority of Pope Anastasius.
In view of these religious rivalries, the Roman emperor Heraclius was genuinely anxious to win over the native Egyptians, and to reconcile the two branches of the Church of Alexandria. The Miaphysite Popes resided in Alexandria without being subject to any harassment.
Rashidun invasion of Egypt.
Rashidun army crossing the Egyptian border.
In December 639 'Amr ibn al-'As left for Egypt with a force of 4,000 troops. Most of the soldiers belonged to the Arab tribe of 'Ak, although Al-Kindi mentions that one third of the soldiers belonged to the Arab tribe of Ghafik. The Arab soldiers were also joined by some Roman and Persian converts to Islam. However, 'Umar, the Muslim caliph, reconsidered his orders to Amr, thinking it foolhardy to expect to conquer such a large country as Egypt with a mere 4,000 soldiers. Accordingly, he wrote a letter to 'Amr commanding him to come back.
The messenger, 'Uqbah ibn 'Amr, caught up to Amr at Rafah, a little short of the Egyptian frontier. Guessing what might be in the letter, 'Amr ordered the army to quicken its pace. Turning to 'Uqbah, 'Amr said that he would receive the caliph's letter from him when the army had halted after the day's journey. 'Uqbah, being unaware of the contents of the letter, agreed and marched along with the army. The army halted for the night at Shajratein, a little valley near the city of El Arish, which 'Amr knew to be beyond the Egyptian border. 'Amr then received and read the 'Umar's letter and went on to consult his companions as to the course of action to be adopted. The unanimous view was that as they had received the letter on Egyptian soil, they had permission to proceed.
When 'Umar received the reply, he decided to watch further developments and started concentrating fresh forces at Madinah which could be dispatched to Egypt as reinforcements. On Eid al-Adha, the Muslim army marched from Shajratein to El Arish, a small town lacking a garrison. The town put up no resistance, and the citizens offered allegiance on the usual terms. The Muslim soldiers celebrated the Eid festival there.
Fall of Pelusium and Belbeis.
In the later part of December 639 or in early January 640, the Muslim army reached Pelusium, an Eastern Roman garrison city that was considered Egypt's eastern gate at the time. The Muslims siege of the town dragged on for two months. In February 640 an assault group led by a prominent field commander Huzaifah ibn Wala successfully assaulted and captured the fort and city. Armanousa, the daughter of Cyrus who fiercely resisted the Muslims in Pelusium and fell hostage in their hands, was sent to her father in the Babylon Fortress.
The losses incurred by the Arab Muslim army were ameliorated by the number of Sinai Bedouins who, taking the initiative, had joined the invaders in conquering Egypt. These Bedouins belonged to the tribes of Rashidah and Lakhm
The ease with which Pelusium fell to the Muslim Arabs, and the lack of Byzantine reinforcements to aid the city during the month-long siege is often attributed to the treachery of the Egyptian governor, Cyrus, who was also the Melchite (i.e., Byzantine–Chalcedonian Diaphysite) Patriarch of Alexandria.
After the fall of Pelusium the Muslims marched to Bilbeis, 40 miles from Memphis via desert roads and besieged it. Belbeis was the first place in Egypt where the Byzantines showed some measure of resistance towards the Arab invaders.
Two Christian monks accompanied by Cyrus of Alexandria and the famous Roman general Aretion came out to negotiate with 'Amr ibn al-'As. Aretion was previously the Byzantine governor of Jerusalem, and had fled to Egypt when the city fell to the Muslims. 'Amr gave them three options: to either convert to Islam, or to pay Jizya, or to fight the Muslims. They requested three days to reflect, then - as mentions al-Tabari - requested two extra days. At the end of the five days, the two monks and the general decided to reject Islam and Jizya and fight the Muslims. They thus disobeyed their ruler, Cyrus of Alexandria, who wanted to surrender and pay Jizya. Cyrus subsequently left for the Babylon Fortress, while the two monks and Aretion decided to fight the Arabs. The fight resulted in the victory of the latter and the death of Aretion. 'Amr ibn al-'As subsequently attempted to convince the native Egyptians to aid the Arabs and surrender the city, based on the kinship between Egyptians and Arabs via Hagar. When the Egyptians refused, the siege of Bilbeis was continued until the city fell after a month. Towards the end of March 640 the city surrendered to the Muslims. With the fall of Belbeis, the Arabs were only one day away from the head of the Delta.
Siege of Babylon.
Amr had visualized that the conquest of Egypt would be a walkover. This expectation turned out to be wrong. Even at the outposts of Pelusium and Bilbeis the Muslims had met stiff resistance. The siege of Pelusium had lasted for two months and that of Bilbeis for one month. Both battles were preludes to the siege of Babylon, which was a larger and more important city. Here resistance on a larger scale was expected. After the fall of Bilbeis the Muslims advanced to Babylon, near modern Cairo. The Muslims arrived at Babylon some time in May 640 AD. Babylon was a fortified city, and the Romans had prepared it for a siege. Outside the city, a ditch had been dug, and a large force was positioned in the area between the ditch and the city walls. The Muslims besieged the fort of Babylon some time in May 640. The fort was a massive structure 60 ft. high with walls more than 6 ft. thick and studded with numerous towers and bastions. A Muslim force of some 4,000 men attacked the Roman positions unsuccessfully. Early Muslim sources place the strength of the Byzantine force in Babylon about six times the strength of the Muslim force. For the next two months fighting remained inconclusive, with the Byzantines having the upper hand by repulsing every Muslim assault.
Some time in May 640 AD, 'Amr sent a detachment to raid the city of Fayoum. The Byzantines had anticipated this raid, and thus strongly guarded the roads leading to the city. They had also fortified their garrison in the nearby town of Lahun. When the Muslim Arabs realized that Fayoum was too strong for them to invade, they headed towards the Western Desert where they looted all the cattle and animals they could. They subsequently headed to Oxyrhynchus (Per-Medjed), which was defeated. The Arabs then returned to Lower Egypt down the River Nile.
Reinforcements from Madinah.
In July, 'Amr wrote to 'Umar requesting reinforcement; but before the letter reached him, the caliph had already dispatched the first reinforcement, which was 4000 strong. The army was composed mostly of the veterans of Syrian campaigns. Even with these reinforcements, 'Amr was unsuccessful. By August 640, 'Umar's assembling of the 4000 strong elite force had been completed. It consisted of four columns. Each column was one thousand strong and appointed a commander each, while Zubair ibn al-Awam, a renowned warrior and commander, veteran of the Battle of Yarmouk and once a part of Khalid ibn Walid's elite force mobile guard, was appointed the supreme commander of army. 'Umar had indeed offered Zubair the chief command and governorship of Egypt, but Zubair had declined the offer. Other commanders were Miqdad ibn al-Aswad; Ubaidah ibn as-Samit, and Kharijah ibn Huzaifah. These reinforcements arrived at Babylon sometime in September 640. The total strength of the Muslim force now rose to 12,000, quite a modest strength to resume the offensive.
Battle of Heliopolis.
Ten miles from Babylon was Heliopolis. The Muslim army reached Heliopolis in July 640. It was the city of the Sun Temple of the Pharaohs, and was famous for its grandiose monuments and learning institutions. There was the danger that forces from Heliopolis could attack the Muslims from the flank while it was engaged with the Roman army at Babylon. With some detachments 'Amr and Zubair marched to Heliopolis. There was a cavalry clash near the current neighbourhood of Abbaseya. The engagement was not decisive although it resulted in the occupation of the fortress located between the current neighbourhoods of Abdyn and Azbakeya. The defeated Byzantine soldiers retreated to either the Babylon Fortress or the fortress of Nikiû. At an unguarded point of the wall of Heliopolis, Zubair and some of his picked soldiers scaled the wall of the city, and after overpowering the guards, opened the gates for the main Muslim army to enter the city. Heliopolis was thus captured by the Muslims. 'Amr and Zubair returned to Babylon.
Occupation of Fayoum and Babylon.
When news of the Muslims' victory at Heliopolis reached Fayoum, its Byzantine garrison under the command of Domentianus evacuated the city during the night and fled to Abuit. From Abuit, they fled down the Nile to Nikiu without informing the people of Fayoum and Abuit that they were abandoning their cities to the enemy. When news of this reached 'Amr, he ordered a body of his troops to cross the Nile and invade Fayoum and Abuit. The Muslim soldiers captured the entire province of Fayoum without any resistance from the Byzantines.
The Byzantine garrison at Babylon now grew bolder then ever before and had begun to sally forth across the ditch, though with little success. There had been a stalemate between the Muslim and Byzantine forces at Babylon, until the Muslim commanders devised an ingenious strategy and inflicted heavy casualties on the Byzantine forces by encircling them from three sides in one of their such sallies. The Byzantines were able to retreat back to the fort but were left too weak for any further offensive action. This situation forced the Byzantines to enter in negotiations with the Muslims. The Byzantine general Theodorus shifted his headquarters to the Isle of Rauda, whilst Cyrus of Alexandria, popularly known as "Muqawqis" in Muslim history entered in negotiations with the Muslims, which failed to give any productive results. Emissaries were also exchanged between Theodorus and 'Amr, leading to 'Amr meeting Theodorus in person. After fruitless negotiations, the Muslims acted on 20 December, when, in a night assault, a company of hand picked warriors led by Zubair managed to scale the wall, kill the guards and open the gates for the Muslim army to enter. The city of Babylon was captured by the Muslims on 21 December 640, using tactics similar to those used by Khalid ibn Walid at Damascus. However Theodorus and his army managed to slip away to the island of Rauda during the night.
Surrender of Thebaid (Southeastern Egypt).
On the 22nd of December, Cyrus of Alexandria entered into a treaty with the Muslims. By the treaty, Muslim sovereignty over the whole of Egypt, and effectively on Thebaid, was recognized, and the Egyptians agreed to pay Jizya at the rate of 2 diners per male adult. The treaty was subject to the approval of the emperor Heraclius, but Cyrus stipulated that even if the emperor repudiated the treaty, he and the Copts of whom he was the High Priest would honor its terms, recognize the supremacy of the Muslims and pay them Jizya. Cyrus submitted a report to Heraclius and asked for his approval to the terms of the treaty. He also offered reasons in justification of the acceptance of the terms of the treaty. 'Amr submitted a detailed report to 'Umar and asked for his further instructions. When 'Umar received this report, he wrote back to say that he approved of the terms provided Heraclius agreed to submit to them. He desired that as soon as the reactions of Heraclius were known, he should be informed so that further necessary instructions could be issued promptly.
Heraclius's reaction to Cyrus's report was violent. He removed him from the viceroyship of Egypt, but he remained the Head of the Coptic Church: this was a matter in which the emperor could not interfere. Heraclius sent strict orders to the commander-in-chief of the Byzantine forces in Egypt that the Muslims should be driven out from Egypt. Cyrus waited on 'Amr and told him that Heraclius had repudiated the treaty of Babylon. He assured 'Amr that so far as the Copts were concerned the terms of the treaty would be followed. 'Amr reported these developments to 'Umar. 'Umar desired that before the Byzantines could gather further strength the Muslims should strike at them and drive them from Alexandria. It is recorded that Cyrus requested three favors from the Muslims, namely:
This position was to the advantage of the Muslims as the Copts were the natives of the land of Egypt and both the Byzantines and the Muslims were strangers. Though some Copts from personal considerations continued to support the Byzantines, the sympathies of the Copts were now by and large with the Muslims. The Copts were not supposed to fight against the Byzantines on behalf of the Muslims, but they undertook to help the Muslims in the promotion of war effort and in the provision of stores, build roads and bridges for them, and provide them moral support.
March to Alexandria.
The Byzantine commanders knew that the next target of the Muslims would be Alexandria. They accordingly prepared for the expected siege of the city. Their strategy was to keep the Muslims away from Alexandria by destroying their power through continued sallies and attacks from the fort. Even if this did not keep them away, it would weaken them morally and physically. It would be more of a war of patience than strength. In February 641, 'Amr set off for Alexandria from Babylon with his army. All along the road from Babylon to Alexandria, the Byzantines had left regiments to delay, and if possible, inflict losses on the advancing Muslims.
On the third day of their march from Babylon the Muslims' advance guard encountered a Byzantine detachment at Tarnut on the west bank of the Nile. The Byzantines failed to inflict heavy losses, but they were able to delay the advance by one more day. The Muslim commanders decided to halt the main army at Tarnut and send the advance guard cavalry forward to clear the way from the possible Byzantine detachments. This was done so that the main army could reach Alexandria as soon as possible without being delayed by Byzantine regiments mid-way. Twenty miles from Tarnut, the Byzantine detachment that had withdrawn from Tarnut the day before, joined the detachment already present at Shareek to form a strong offensive force. They attacked and routed the Muslim advance guard.
The next day, before the Byzantines could resume their offensive to annihilate the Muslim advance guard completely, the main Muslim army arrived, prompting the Byzantines to withdraw. At this point the Muslim commanders decided not to send forward the advance guard, so the whole army marched forward, beginning the following day.
The Muslims reached Sulteis where they encountered a Byzantine detachment. Hard fighting followed, but the Byzantine resistance soon broke down and they withdrew to Alexandria. The Muslims halted at Sulteis for a day. Alexandria was still two days' march from Sulteis. After one day's march the Muslim forces arrived at Kirayun, twelve miles from Alexandria. Here the Muslim advance to Alexandria was blocked by a Byzantine detachment about 20,000 strong. The strategy of the Byzantines was that either the Muslims would be driven away before they actually arrived at Alexandria, or that they would be as weak as possible if they did. The two armies were deployed and fighting followed, but action remained indecisive. This state of affairs persisted for ten days. On the tenth day the Muslims launched a vigorous assault. The Byzantines were defeated and they retreated to Alexandria. The way to Alexandria was now cleared, and the Muslim forces resumed the march from Kirayun and reached the outskirts of Alexandria in March 641 AD.
Conquest of Alexandria and fall of Egypt.
The Muslims laid siege to Alexandria in March 641 AD. The city was heavily fortified: there were walls within walls, and forts within forts. There was no dearth of provisions and food supply in the city. The city also had direct access to the sea, and through the sea route help from Constantinople in the form of men and supplies could come at any time.
As 'Amr surveyed the military situation, he felt that Alexandria would be a hard nut to crack. The Byzantines had high stakes in Alexandria, and they were determined to offer stiff resistance to the Muslims. They mounted catapults on the walls of the city, and these engines pounded the Muslims with boulders. This caused considerable damage to the Muslims and 'Amr ordered his men back from the advance position so that they might be beyond the range of the missiles. A see-saw war followed. When the Muslims tried to go close to the city they were hit with missiles. When the Byzantines sallied from the fort, they were invariably beaten back by the Muslims.
It is said that Heraclius, the Byzantine emperor, collected a large army at Constantinople. He intended to march at the head of these reinforcements personally to Alexandria. But before he could finalize the arrangements, he died. The troops mustered at Constantinople dispersed, and consequently no help came to Alexandria. This further demoralized the Byzantines. The siege dragged on for six months, and in Madinah 'Umar got impatient. In a letter addressed to 'Amr, the caliph expressed his concern at the inordinate delay in the invasion of Egypt. He further instructed that the new field commander would be 'Ubaidah, and he would launch an assault on the fort of Alexandria. 'Ubaidah's assault was successful and Alexandria was captured by the Muslims in September 641. Thousands of Byzantine soldiers were killed or taken captive while others managed to flee to Constantinople on ships that had been anchored in the port. Some wealthy traders also left.
On behalf of the Egyptians, Cyrus of Alexandria sued for peace, and his request was granted. After the invasion of Egypt 'Amr is reported to have written to Caliph 'Umar:
The permanent loss of Egypt meant a loss of a huge amount of Byzantium's food and money. The loss of Egypt and Syria, followed later by the invasion of the Exarchate of Africa also meant that the Mediterranean, long referred to as the "Roman lake", was now contested between two powers: the Muslim Caliphate and the Byzantine Empire. In these events, the Byzantine Empire, although sorely tested, would be able to hold on to Anatolia, while the mighty walls of Constantinople would save it during two great Arab sieges, from the fate of the Persian Empire.
An attempt was made in the year 645 to regain Alexandria for the Byzantine Empire, but it was retaken by 'Amr in 646. In 654 an invasion fleet sent by Constans II was repulsed. From that time no serious effort was made by the Byzantines to regain possession of the country.
Invasion of Nubia.
The land of Nubia lay to the south of Egypt. It stretched from Aswan to Khartoum and from the Red Sea to the Libyan Desert. The Nubians were Christians and were ruled by a king. The capital of the kingdom was Dongola. In the summer of 642, 'Amr ibn al-'As sent an expedition to Nubia under the command of his cousin 'Uqbah ibn Nafi. The expedition was ordered by 'Amr on his own account. It was not a whole scale invasion but merely a pre-emptive raid to show the arrival of a new ruling in Egypt to the bordering kingdoms. 'Uqbah ibn Nafi, who later made a great name for himself as the Conqueror of Africa, and led his horse to the Atlantic came in for an unhappy experience in Nubia. In Nubia, no pitched battle was fought. There were only skirmishes and haphazard engagements and in such type of warfare the Nubians excelled at. They were skilful archers and subjected the Muslims to a merciless barrage of arrows. These arrows were aimed at the eyes and in the encounter 250 Muslims lost their eyes.
The Nubians were very fast in their movements. The Muslim cavalry was known for its speed and mobility, but it was no match for the Nubian horse riders. The Nubians would strike hard against the Muslims, and then vanish before the Muslims could recover their balance and take counter action. The hit-and-run raids by the Nubians caused considerable damage to the Muslims. 'Uqbah wrote to 'Amr of this state of affairs. He said that the Nubians avoided pitched battle, and in the guerilla tactics that they followed the Muslims suffered badly. 'Uqbah further came to know that Nubia was a very poor land, and there was nothing therein worth fighting for. Thereupon 'Amr ordered 'Uqbah to withdraw from Nubia. 'Uqbah accordingly pulled out of Nubia with his forces.
Conquest of North Africa.
After the preemptive raid on Nubia in the south 'Amr decided to undertake campaigns in the west, so as to secure the western borders of Egypt and clear the region of Cyrenaica, Tripolitania and Fezzan from Byzantine influence. Some time in September 642, 'Amr led his troops west. After one month of marching the Muslim forces reached the city of Pentapolis. From Burqa, 'Uqbah bin Nafi was sent at the head of a column to undertake a campaign against Fezzan. 'Uqbah marched to Zaweela, the capital of Fezzan. No resistance was offered, and the entire district of Fezzan, what is present day north-western Libya, submitted to the Muslims. 'Uqbah then returned to Burqa. Soon after the Muslim army marched westward from Burqa. They arrived at Tripoli in the spring of 643 C.E. and laid siege to the city. The city fell after a siege of one month. From Tripoli, 'Amr sent a detachment to Sabratha, a city forty miles from Tripoli. The city put up feeble resistance, and soon surrendered and agreed to pay Jizya. From Tripoli, 'Amr is reported to have written to the caliph the details of the operations in the following words:
'Umar, whose armies were already engaged in a massive campaign of conquering the Sassanid Empire did not wanted to engage himself further along north Africa, when Muslim rule in Egypt was as yet insecure. The caliph accordingly disapproved of any further advances and ordered 'Amr to first consolidate the Muslims' position in Egypt, and issued strict orders that there should be no further campaigning. 'Amr obeyed, abandoning Tripoli and Burqa and returning to Fustat. This was towards the close of the year 643 AD.
Stance of the Egyptians towards the invading Muslims.
In return for a tribute of money and food for the occupying troops, the Christian inhabitants of Egypt were excused from military service and left free in the observance of their religion and the administration of their affairs. This system was a new institution, as a mandate by a religion. But it was adopted as an institution, by the Muslims from previous poll tax systems in the ancient Middle East. Indeed, the Egyptians had been subject to it - as non-Romans - during Roman rule before the adoption of Christianity by the Roman state. After that, all non-Christian subjects of the Roman Empire had to pay it, including non-Christian Egyptians. The Persians also had a similar poll tax system.
On the twentieth of Maskaram Byzantine general Theodorus and all his troops and officers set out and proceeded to the island of Cyprus, abandoning the city of Alexandria. Thereupon 'Amr, the Muslim commander, made his entry into the city of Alexandria. The inhabitants received him with respect, for they were in great tribulation and affliction. 'Amr exacted the taxes which had been determined upon, but he took none of the property of the churches, and he committed no act of spoliation or plunder.
Egypt under Muslim rule.
Muslims gained control over Egypt due to a variety of factors, including internal Byzantine politics, religious zeal and the difficulty of maintaining a large empire. The Byzantines did attempt to regain Alexandria, but it was retaken by 'Amr in 646. In 654 an invasion fleet sent by Constans II was repelled. From that time no serious effort was made by the Byzantines to regain possession of Egypt.
Fustat, the new Capital.
With the fall of Alexandria the Muslims were the masters of Egypt. At the time of their Egyptian campaign, Alexandria was the capital of the country. When Alexandria was captured by the Muslims, the houses vacated by the Byzantines were occupied by the Muslims. The Muslims were impressed and attracted by Alexandria, "the queen of cities". 'Amr wished for Alexandria to remain the capital of Muslim Egypt. He wrote to Caliph 'Umar seeking his permission to do this. 'Umar rejected the proposal on the basis that Alexandria was a maritime city and there would always be a danger of Byzantine naval attacks.
He suggested that the capital should be established further inland at a central place, where no mass of water intervened between it and Arabia. As per the treaty with Cyrus of Alexandria, the wealth of the Egyptians in Alexandria was spared and that of Romans and Greeks was taken as booty. Greek citizens were given a choice, to return to Greek territories safely without their wealth, or to stay in Alexandria and pay Jizya. Some chose to stay, while others went to Byzantine lands.
'Amr next proceeded to choose a suitable site for the capital of Egypt. His choice fell on the site where he had pitched his tent at the time of the battle of Babylon. His tent had been fixed about a quarter of a mile north east of the fort. It is reported that after the battle was over, and the army was about to march to Alexandria, the men began to pull down the tent and pack it for the journey, when it was found that a dove had nested on top of the tent and laid eggs. 'Amr ordered that the tent should remain standing where it was. The army marched away but the tent remained standing in the plain of Babylon. In this unusual episode 'Amr saw a sign from Heaven. He decided "where the dove laid its nest, let the people build their city". As 'Amr's tent was to be the focal point of the city, the city was called Fustat, which in Arabic means the tent. The first structure to be built was the mosque which later became famous as Mosque of 'Amr ibn al-'As. The city of Fustat was built due east of Babylon. In the course of time, Fustat extended to include the old town of Babylon. It grew to become a bustling city and the commercial centre of Egypt.
Reforms of Caliph Umar.
To consolidate his rule in Egypt, 'Umar imposed the jizya on Egyptians. However, during later Umayyad rule higher taxes were imposed on the Egyptians.
By 'Umar's permission, 'Amr ibn al-'As decided to build a canal to join the Nile with the Red Sea; it would help the traders and Arabia would flourish through this new trade route. Moreover it would open new markets for the Egyptian merchants and open for them an easy route for the markets of Arabia and Iraq. This project was presented to Caliph 'Umar, who approved it. A canal was dug, and within a few months was opened for merchants. It was named Nahar Amir ul-Mu'mineen i.e. "The canal of Commander of the Faithful" referring to the title of the Caliph 'Umar.
Amr proposed another project: digging a canal that would join the Red Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. The project was once again sent to 'Umar for approval, but Umar viewed it as a threat to national security and rejected on the basis that it would open a way for Byzantine navy to enter the Red Sea via that canal and posing a threat to Madinah itself. This project however was completed in the form of what is now known as the Suez Canal 1300 years later. Each year the caliph instructed a large amount of jizya to be used on the building and repairing of canals and bridges. The Arabs remained in control of the country from this point until 1250, when it fell under the control of the Mamelukes.

</doc>
<doc id="2864870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864870" title="Andrea Luchesi">
Andrea Luchesi

Andrea Luca Luchesi (also spelled Lucchesi) (May 23, 1741 – March 21, 1801) was an Italian composer.
Biography.
Andrea Luchesi was born at Motta di Livenza, near Treviso the eleventh child of Pietro Luchese and Caterina Gottardi. The rather wealthy family descended from groups of noble families who had moved from Lucca to Venice in the 14th century (hence the name Luchese. From 1764/65 Andrea began to use the name Luchesi, which we can find written by his contemporaries also as Lucchesi, Lughesi, Luckesi, Lucchezzy, etc.). He grew up in his native town, receiving musical and general education from his elder brother Matteo, a priest, public tutor and organist.
By 1757 he moved to Venice. The protection of the nobleman Jseppo Morosini enabled him to study with eminent musicians: Gioacchino Cocchi, "Padre" Paolucci, Giuseppe Saratelli, Domenico Gallo, Ferdinando Bertoni and (the best-known of them) Baldassare Galuppi. His career in Venice developed quickly: examiner of the organists commission in 1761, then organist at San Salvatore (1764), composer of works for "organ or cembalo", instrumental, sacred and theatre music. He composed for official celebrations, the last (1771) being the solemn funeral of the Duke of Montealegre, Spanish ambassador to Venice. As a famous virtuoso he was invited to play organ in and outside Venice, e.g. was in charge of inaugurating the new organ of the basilica of Saint Anthony in Padua.
In the spring of 1765 his opera "L'isola della fortuna" was performed at the Hoftheater in Vienna.
While on tour in Italy in 1771, Leopold and Wolfgang Mozart met Andrea Luchesi and received one of his concertos for cembalo (Wolfgang was still playing the concerto in 1777, while Leopold and Nannerl used often the concerto for teaching and practising purposes).
At the end of 1771, Luchesi traveled to Bonn on a three-year contract, invited by the Prince Elector Archbishop of Cologne Maximilian Friedrich von Königsegg-Rothenfels, who wished to raise the quality level of his court chapel. After the death of the previous Kapellmeister (Ludwig van Beethoven senior, i.e. the grandfather of Beethoven), Andrea Luchesi was nominated official court Kapellmeister in 1774.
He acquired the principality's citizenship and in 1775 married Anthonetta Josepha d'Anthoin, daughter of Maximilian Friederich's senior counselor. With the exception of a visit to Venice in 1783-84, he lived in Bonn until his death in 1801, although his role as Kapellmeister ended in 1794, when the invasion troops suppressed the court.
The young Beethoven was at the court chapel from 1781 to 1792 as assistant organist, cembalo and viola player. Although Beethoven's musical and compositional training was probably influenced by Luchesi's presence, we have no evidence of any formal pupil/teacher relationship between the two. When the court organist Christian Gottlob Neefe temporarily replaced the Kapellmeister as conductor and teacher during his 1783-84 absence, Luchesi assigned the organ service to the very young Beethoven.
Pupils of Luchesi who achieved minor renown included Antonin Reicha, Bernhard and Andreas Romberg, and Ferdinand Ries.
Luchesi died at Bonn.
He had one daughter, who lived in Bonn till her death, and four sons. According to Neefe the first two sons (Maximilian Friederich, born 1775-12-11, and M. Jakob Ferdinand, born 1777-12-18) were gifted musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="2864880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864880" title="Buttery (shop)">
Buttery (shop)

In the Middle Ages, a buttery was a storeroom for liquor, the name being derived from the Latin and French words for bottle or, to put the word into its simpler form, a butt, that is, a cask. A butler, before he became able to take charge of the ewery, pantry, cellar, and the staff, would be in charge of the buttery. Over time, the buttery became a general food storeroom; the larders of Oxbridge colleges in particular became places where students purchased food and drink.
Most Oxford and Cambridge colleges, University College and Trevelyan College, Durham, King's College London, the University of Bristol and Trinity College, Dublin call their eating places butteries to this day, as do a few schools in the United Kingdom. 
The residential colleges of Yale also refer to their snack bars by this name. Trinity College at the University of Toronto also uses the name to refer to its cafeteria located in the Larkin building. Bruce Hall at the Australian National University also maintains a buttery, which is an informal canteen and bar. The Bar of the Junior Common Room at Trinity College, The University of Melbourne, is known as The Buttery.

</doc>
<doc id="2864884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864884" title="Snub square tiling">
Snub square tiling

In geometry, the snub square tiling is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are three triangles and two squares on each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of "s{4,4}".
Conway calls it a snub quadrille, constructed by a snub operation applied to a square tiling (quadrille).
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane.
Uniform colorings.
There are two distinct uniform colorings of a snub square tiling. (Naming the colors by indices around a vertex (3.3.4.3.4): 11212, 11213.)
Circle packing.
The snub square tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 5 other circles in the packing (kissing number). 
Wythoff construction.
The snub square tiling can be constructed as a snub operation from the square tiling, or as an alternate truncation from the truncated square tiling.
An alternate truncation deletes every other vertex, creating a new triangular faces at the removed vertices, and reduces the original faces to half as many sides. In this case starting with a "truncated square tiling" with 2 octagons and 1 square per vertex, the octagon faces into squares, and the square faces degenerate into edges and 2 new triangles appear at the truncated vertices around the original square.
If the original tiling is made of regular faces the new triangles will be isosceles. Starting with octagons which alternate long and short edge lengths will produce a snub tiling with perfect equilateral triangle faces.
Example:
Related tilings.
This tiling is related to the elongated triangular tiling which also has 3 triangles and two squares on a vertex, but in a different order.
The snub square tiling can be seen related to this 3-colored square tiling, with the yellow and red squares being twisted rigidly and the blue tiles being distorted into rhombi and then bisected into two triangles.<BR>
The "snub square tiling" is third in a series of snub polyhedra and tilings with vertex figure 3.3.4.3."n".
Cairo pentagonal tiling.
The dual of the snub square tiling is the Cairo pentagonal tiling, given its name because several streets in Cairo are paved in this design. It is one of 14 known isohedral pentagon tilings.
It is also called MacMahon's net after Percy Alexander MacMahon and his 1921 publication "New Mathematical Pastimes".
Conway calls it a 4-fold pentille.

</doc>
<doc id="2864887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864887" title="Benedict Iroha">
Benedict Iroha

Benedict Iroha (born November 29, 1969) is a former Nigerian association football defender.
Career.
He was originally a midfielder before national coach Clemens Westerhof converted him to play left back. His club career in Europe was largely unsuccessful, and Iroha was allocated to San Jose Clash in 1996. The next season he was traded to DC United, where he won the league title. After a move to Spanish side Elche CF in 1997, he moved to Watford in December 1998, playing 10 games for the Hertfordshire side. Unfortunately a problem with bunions forced him to the sidelines, and he retired in March 2000.
International career.
Playing for the Nigerian national team, he was featured in the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1998 FIFA World Cup as well as when they won the 1994 African Nations Cup.
Coaching career.
After retiring he returned to the USA to coach in the youth department of FC Dallas. Most recently, he was an assistant with the Nigerian U-17 team that won the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup and head coach of Nigeria's Dolphins FC. He currently is on the staff of Heartland of Owerri.

</doc>
<doc id="2864891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864891" title="Quis-ego">
Quis-ego

The cultural convention of quis-ego, found among students in primary and secondary schools in England and other members of the Commonwealth, is a way to distribute free or unwanted goods. A person with something he wishes to give away shouts "quis?" (pronounced "kwis", sometimes "kwiz"); the first person to reply "ego" (pronounced "EH-go") gets it. The words are simply a direct use of Latin vocabulary, the question "quis?" asking "who?" (i.e., "who wants it?") and the response "ego" affirming "I !"
When the game is played by children who have not yet been taught the word "quis", it is possible that its use has "filtered down" from older students [http://groups.google.com/group/soc.culture.british/msg/a3ab353ef497c964?dmode=source]; or it may simply be a corruption of a different word. As the teaching of Latin at the secondary school level declines in the Commonwealth, the practice of quis-ego may disappear, although it was still widespread in the late 1980s and early 1990s in schools where Latin was part of the curriculum, and use in the 21st Century has been recorded.
Variants of quis-ego exist. In particular, a modification allows the person replying "ego" to retract his demand by saying "d"; the person shouting "quis" may also declare "no 'd's". A game, then, arises, in which quis-ego is played with a repulsive or otherwise undesirable object.

</doc>
<doc id="2864915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864915" title="Bryan Smolinski">
Bryan Smolinski

Bryan Anthony Smolinski (born December 27, 1971) is a retired American professional ice hockey center. The Boston Bruins drafted him 21st overall in 1990. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Islanders, Los Angeles Kings, Ottawa Senators, Chicago Blackhawks, Vancouver Canucks and Montreal Canadiens. He also previously played with the Port Huron Icehawks of the International Hockey League (IHL).
Playing career.
Drafted.
Smolinski grew up in Genoa, Ohio and played college hockey for the Michigan State Spartans. After his freshman year, he was drafted 21st overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Boston Bruins. Smolinksi completed a four-year tenure with the Spartans before joining the Boston Bruins for the end of the 1992–93 season.
National Hockey League.
Playing in his rookie campaign in 1993–94 Smolinski tallied 31 goals and 51 points. After a 31-point season in the shortened 1994–95 campaign, Smolinski was traded in the summer of 1995 alongside Glen Murray to the Pittsburgh Penguins for Kevin Stevens and Shawn McEachern. Playing in his only season with the Penguins in 1995–96, he scored a career-high 40 assists and 64 points. However, Smolinski and the Penguins could not agree on a new contract in the off-season and he subsequently sat out the start of the next season, playing for the Detroit Vipers of the IHL. In November 1996, general manager Mike Milbury of the New York Islanders traded defenceman Darius Kasparaitis and rookie Andreas Johansson for the rights to negotiate a contract with Smolinski.
Smolinski played three seasons for the Islanders before being traded in June 1999 as part of an eight-player deal that saw him, Žigmund Pálffy, goaltender Marcel Cousineau, and 4th round selection previously acquired from the New Jersey Devils (Daniel Johansson) traded to the Los Angeles Kings for Olli Jokinen, Josh Green, Mathieu Biron, and a first-round selection (Taylor Pyatt). Smolinski played four seasons for the Kings, before being traded to the Ottawa Senators at the trade deadline for defence prospect Tim Gleason on March 11, 2003.
During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Smolinski was an assistant hockey coach at Cranbrook Kingswood before briefly playing for the Motor City Mechanics of the United Hockey League (UHL). Returning to the Senators for the 2005–06 season, he was traded in the subsequent off-season on July 9, 2006, to the Chicago Blackhawks in a three-way deal with the Senators and San Jose Sharks. Smolinski started the 2006–07 season with the Blackhawks but was later traded prior to the trade deadline to the Vancouver Canucks on February 26, 2007, for a conditional second round draft pick. 
Becoming a free agent in the 2007 off-season, Smolinski signed a one-year contract with the Montreal Canadiens on July 2, 2007. On October 22, Smolinski played in his 1,000th career game in a game against the Bruins.
After the NHL.
After his stint with the Montreal Canadiens, Bryan Smolinski began an assistant coaching job for a Michigan high school team, Birmingham Unified. With Smolinski's help, the team became District Champions for the first time in four years. 
Without an NHL job, on February 24, 2009, Smolinski signed a deal with the Port Huron Icehawks of the IHL. On April 30, 2009, Smolinski signed a deal with the Milwaukee Admirals of the AHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2864928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864928" title="Schrödinger functional">
Schrödinger functional

Some approaches to quantum field theory are more popular than others. For historical reasons the Schrödinger representation is less favoured than Fock space methods. In the early days of quantum field theory maintaining symmetries such as Lorentz invariance and proving renormalisation were of paramount importance. The Schrödinger representation is not manifestly Lorentz invariant and its renormalisability was only shown as recently as the 1980s by Kurt Symanzik.
Within the Schrödinger representation the Schrödinger functional stands out as perhaps the most useful and versatile functional tool, though interest in it is shown only by a few researchers.
The Schrödinger functional is not itself physical. It is, in its most basic form, the time translation generator of state wavefunctionals. In layman's terms, it defines how a system of quantum particles evolves through time and what the later systems may look like.
Example: Scalar Field.
The basic mathematical definition is as follows. In the quantum field theory of (as example) a scalar field formula_1 with a time independent Hamiltonian formula_2 the Schrödinger functional is defined as
formula_3
In the Schrödinger representation this functional generates time translations of state wave functionals, via
formula_4.

</doc>
<doc id="2864939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864939" title="The Great Silence">
The Great Silence

The Great Silence ("Il grande silenzio", 1968), or The Big Silence, is an Italian spaghetti western.
The movie features a score by Ennio Morricone and stars Jean-Louis Trintignant as Silence, a mute gunfighter with a grudge against bounty hunters, assisting a group of outlawed Mormons and a woman trying to avenge her husband (a murdered outlaw). They are set against a group of ruthless bounty hunters, led by Loco (Klaus Kinski).
It is one of Corbucci's better known movies. Unlike most conventional and spaghetti westerns, "The Great Silence" takes place in the snow-filled landscapes of Utah during the Great Blizzard of 1898.
Plot.
Winter 1898. The rough weather brings hunger and privation to the small village of Snowhill in Utah. In order to survive, the poor people start to steal and rob. Therefore they become outlaws and have to hide in the mountains, because of the bounty rewarded on them. While people are suffering, the village becomes a paradise for bounty hunters, who can hardly be opposed by the poor, who are labelled as outlaws.
When Pauline's husband falls prey to the unscrupulous bounty hunter Loco (Klaus Kinski), she hires a mute gunfighter, Silence (Jean-Louis Trintignant), to kill Loco. Since Silence as a child had to watch his parents being killed by bounty hunters, he tramps through the country chasing those who are killing people for money under the cloak of the law. In order to not violate the law and be added to the blacklist of the bounty hunters, he provokes them to pull out their weapon first. Then he has a reason to act in "self-defense" and shoot them.
But Loco does not let himself be provoked. Not until after he lures the new sheriff – who had been given the impossible task by the governor to re-establish order in the region and to grant amnesty to those starving in the mountains – to his death, does Loco face up to the final fight with Silence.
Ending.
The film is famous for its bleak ending, a bloody scene in which the sympathetic characters are gunned down by the greedy bounty hunters, "all according to the law," as Loco comments. The director was forced to shoot an alternate ending for the North African and Asian markets.
The Fantoma DVD features the alternative "happy" ending without sound. The comic sheriff played by Frank Wolff returns from the "dead" (after having been trapped in a frozen lake by Loco) to save the day. It is unlikely that an English or Italian audio track was ever created for this ending.
Background.
The film was inspired by the film "Day of the Outlaw" (1959), directed by Andre De Toth. It was a black-and-white western starring Robert Ryan and set in the snowbound town of Bitters, Wyoming, disrupted in the film by the arrival of seven outlaws on the run from the cavalry with a stolen army payroll.
With this film, Sergio Corbucci brought together different approaches of the spaghetti western genre with highly political themes from contemporary history. On the one hand, the main hero is not only close-lipped, he is mute. The muteness of Trintignant is a joke, which is typical for Corbucci. Because a western hero never talks much, Corbucci exaggerates this genre-typical must and depicts the main hero as a mute. Besides the end, another aspect is the emphasis on law and its organs. For example, Klaus Kinski as the villain mentions several times that he has not violated a single law. This is clarified by the Ahasuerus figure of the justice of the peace, played by Luigi Pistilli, who is the merchant of the village too.
Here, the double-dealing zeitgeist becomes clear: the actions of the state and its law are controlled by capital. Even the demonstration of this aspect was perceived as criticism on America and capitalism. Because of its interpretation, the law fails as a moral instance. With its law, the state only protects the property and rewards bounty instead of supporting the people themselves. Pure privation forces the people to steal in order to survive. But because of the inevitable criminal act, they become criminals who are chased by bounty hunters in order to ensure law and order. Thus, the "evil" bounty hunters are those who ensure law and order, whilst the "poor" are fought as lawbreakers.
Silence himself is not a saviour. In fact, Corbucci provides Silence with a reason for his acting (a traumatic childhood experience), but he also lets Pauline explicitly mention that Silence claims the same sum for killing Loco as Loco received for killing Pauline's husband. And Silence also cleverly interprets the law in order to perform a contract killing under the cloak of self-defense.
In spite of this fact, Silence, like other heroes in spaghetti westerns, functions as a role model and sympathetic character for the audience. From that point of view, it is a remarkable consequence of Corbucci, that he lets Loco triumph. All sympathetic characters, as well as the defenseless hostages, are killed in cold blood.
Corbucci dedicated the story about a good man, who dies in a barbaric hell, to the memory of Jesus, Martin Luther King, and Che Guevara. The reference to Che Guevara and Jesus becomes apparent by the destruction of Silence's hands. Jesus was nailed on the cross and the hands of dead Che Guevara were sent to Fidel Castro in a preserving jar. Corbucci previously used the motif of the destroyed hands in Django. This symbolism is intended to point out the impossibility of the revolution, because the execution of Silence does not save the hostages, just as Che Guevara's assassination did not change mankind significantly.
The film is understood as a critical answer to For a Few Dollars More by Sergio Leone, who depicted the bounty hunters uncritically, almost naïvely.
Therefore, Corbucci proceeded in a very sociological manner and created the first part of a trilogy, which deals with the topic "revolution". While the impossibility of revolution was pointed out in "The Great Silence", the topic was picked up again and solutions were pointed out in the films "The Mercenary" and "Compañeros".
"The Great Silence" is considered a cult film that is convincing because of its complexity. In fact, while the political aspect has sometimes overlooked in subsequent decades, the film is still looked at by many as a high-water mark for the Euro-western genre.
The Austrian director Michael Haneke is a great fan of the film too and refers to the ending as unique. The only piece with a similar plot structure coming to his mind, is Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea.
Reportedly, Jean-Louis Trintignant only agreed to play in a spaghetti western under the condition that he did not have to learn any lines for the role. That's why the main character conveniently became a mute in the story.
Production.
Location shooting took place in the Italian Dolomites, around the ski resorts of Cortina d'Ampezzo (Veneto) and San Cassiano in Badia (South Tyrol). It was also shot at Bracciano Lake, near Manziana in Lazio and the Elios town set in Rome was used for several of the Snow Hill scenes (including two nights sequences and the build-up to the final duel).
The scenes were shot at night so that the fake "snow" looked more convincing; shaving foam was used to give the street a snowbound look. For the daylight scenes, the Elios set was swathed in fog, to disguise the fact that the surrounding countryside had no snow.
Notes.
Jean-Louis Trintignant is famous for the films "A Man and a Woman", Bernardo Bertolucci's "The Conformist", Roger Vadim's "And God Created Woman", Krzysztof Kieślowski’s "" and Michael Haneke's Amour.
"Silence"'s distinctive rapid-firing pistol is a Mauser C96, which started being manufactured in 1896. That Mauser pistol reappeared in Clint Eastwood's "Joe Kidd" (1972), while the snowbound setting was used in "Pale Rider" (1985) and briefly in "Unforgiven" (1992); in the early Seventies there was even a rumor that Eastwood was going to remake "The Great Silence".
The only words Silence utters are as a boy, played in flashback by child actor Loris Loddi (from "The Hills Run Red", 1966). As his mother is shot, he cries out, "Mamma! Mamma!", though the English dubbed voice is reused from the final scene of Corbucci's earlier film "Johnny Oro" (1966).
Impact.
Currently a musical project by the Finnish Progressive Music Association is running, which encourages bands and musical artists to musically interpret the film. "The Spaghetti Epic 3" The Hungarian progressive rock band Yesterdays wrote a 20 minutes long epic called "Suite Pauline" based on the main character's story (this song is also featured on the "Spaghetti Epic 3" CD). Anima Morte also recorded a version of the main theme for the Cani Arrabbiati - Opening themes tribute compilation.
The music by Ennio Morricone was later sampled by Thievery Corporation. The grindcore band Cripple Bastards released an album with the same title.

</doc>
<doc id="2864942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864942" title="Mỹ Tho">
Mỹ Tho

Mỹ Tho () is the capital city, center of economics, education and technology of Tiền Giang Province, located in the Mekong Delta region of South Vietnam. It has a population of approximately 169,000 in 2006 and 220,000 in 2012. The majority ethnic is the Kinh, and some of the Chinese, the Cham and the Khmer. Boat rides on the Mỹ Tho River are popular with tourists, and the city is known for "hủ tiếu Mỹ Tho", a type of soup.
History.
Mỹ Tho was founded in the 1680s by Chinese refugees fleeing China mainland, when the general of the Qing Dynasty Shi Lang defeated the remnants of Southern Ming Dynasty in 1683. The area, at the time, was once part of the Khmer kingdom and it was annexed to Vietnam in the 18th century. The city is named after the Mỹ Tho River. In Sino-Vietnamese script, the name is given as (beautiful tree). Due to its proximity to Saigon, Mỹ Tho was the traditional gateway to the Mekong Delta. 
In the 17th century, the city had become one of the biggest commercial hubs in today's Southern Vietnam.
In 1860s, Mỹ Tho, along with Saigon, was a major strategic city during the French colonial campaign towards Vietnam. In 1862, France's capture of Mỹ Tho is regarded as the conclusion to the establishment of the French colony of Cochinchina, a development that inaugurated nearly a century of French colonial dominance in Vietnam. During the colonization period, the economy continued to prosper, attracting more immigrants, mainly from Teochew and Minnan.
Mỹ Tho City is recognized as a grade II in October 7, 2005.
Administrative divisions.
Mỹ Tho is divided to 11 wards and 6 communes.
11 wards:
6 communes:
Transportation.
Mỹ Tho is connected to the rest of the country by National Route 1A and Tiền River. In here, people mainly use motorcycles, bicycles and boats for transportation. Mỹ Tho has the first railway route (about 70km long) in Vietnam which was one of the most modern transport means in the world linking Saigon and Mỹ Tho, put into use in 1885. However, it was destroyed in 1960s.
By road, Mỹ Tho City is 70km from Vĩnh Long Province, 70km from Ho Chi Minh City, 103km from Cần Thơ, 179km from Châu Đốc, 182km from Rạch Giá, 132km from Long Xuyên. Mỹ Tho and Bến Tre are connected by Rạch Miễu Bridge.
By river, there are many short boat trips to various islands, Bến Tre, and floating markets in the surrounding areas. It also has overnight long boats to Châu Đốc and Long Xuyên.
Tourist information.
Vĩnh Tràng Temple, Cao Dai Temple, Dong Tam Snake Farm. 
There are four islands in the Tien River between Mỹ Tho and Bến Tre: Dragon (Con Rong), Tortoise (Con Qui), Phoenix (Con Phung) and Unicorn (Con Lan) Islands.
The Mekong Delta is considered to be the “rice basket of Vietnam”, contributing more than half of the nation’s rice production.
Mỹ Tho is well known as floating markets, where people sell and buy things on the river, as well as Ben Tam Ngua and Mỹ Thuận market.
Education.
Mỹ Tho was the first town in southern Vietnam to have a high school. The Collège de My Tho, opened in March 1879, is now called Nguyen Dinh Chieu High School. It was one of the first schools Vietnam had, and even now is still known for its education quality among Southern schools.
Later, another school called "School for Gifted Students of Tien Giang" opened in My Tho city. Though the total area is very limited compared to other schools in the province, quality of education there is usually considered one of the best. The curriculum they use is modified so that students usually learn more of their core subjects than in other schools. For instance, students from a Math class do all the required materials like any other classes, more of Chemistry, Biology and Physics because they are in the Natural Science block, and a lot more of Math. Preparation for national exams and entrance examination to the university are prioritized there.
Schools in Mỹ Tho are named with famous Vietnamese writers, poets, and national heroes such as Nguyễn Trãi, Thu Khoa Huan is also known as Nguyen Huu Huan, Xuân Diệu, Lê Ngọc Hân, Nguyễn Đình Chiểu, Trần Hưng Đạo.
Tiền Giang College which became Tiền Giang University in 2005 is also located at Mỹ Tho.
Economy.
Today the economy is based on tourism, fishing, and agricultural products such as coconuts, bananas, and longans. 
During World War II the French Vichy government interned foreign nationals in Mỹ Tho. In May 1945, the Japanese seized control of the camps fearing an allied attack. Foreign nationals were confined throughout the war. As the regional capital Mỹ Tho is the main market dealing in all the produce from the region as well as fish and seafood from Mỹ Tho's large ocean-going fishing fleet. The very large and exuberant market is one of South Vietnam's biggest sources for dried fish and other dried seafood products such as Kho Muc (dried squid). At night the market is dedicated to the dealing and sorting of Mekong River fish, particularly catfish for Hồ Chí Minh City's wholesale markets. Produce, especially fruit and vegetables, is delivered by boat directly to markets. It is a popular starting point for tourists to take a boat trip on the Mekong River. 
Mỹ Tho was the subject of "The Lesson", a chapter in a memoir by Tobias Wolff, "In Pharaoh's Army: Memories of the Lost War", describing the events of the 1968 Tet Offensive there.
In 2010, there are total 17 markets located in wards and commune in Mỹ Tho.

</doc>
<doc id="2864946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864946" title="So Cal Scorpions">
So Cal Scorpions

The So Cal Scorpions were a semi-pro women's football team based in San Diego, California. In 2011, they played in the Women's Football Alliance after five seasons in the defunct Women's Professional Football League, followed by two seasons off and one season in the Independent Women's Football League. Home games were most recently played at Balboa Stadium.
History.
In 2003 the So Cal Scorpions began their inaugural season in the city of Temecula, in Riverside County, as the first professional sports team in this city and county. They moved to the city of San Diego in 2004, where other professional sports teams are based. 
In 2007, the SoCal Scorpions unveiled a new spread, no huddle offense similar to the one run by several Division I Colleges. The So Cal Scorpions were winners of the National Championship in the WPFL for the 2007 season largely behind this new pro style offense and the return of their already stellar defense. The Scorpions entered the playoffs as the final seed in their division after compiling a 6-2 record. Two of their six victories were over the three time defending champion Dallas Diamonds who had previously only lost one game in a four year span. Those two wins kept the defending champs from even entering the playoffs. Much like the NFL Super Bowl Champion Giants, the Scorpions were true road warriors, going undefeated on the road in the regular season, and traveled to Los Angeles and New York for their playoff victories.
En route to their Championship, several Scorpion players excelled and shattered league records. QB Melissa Gallegos threw for over 1,700 yards and 20 touchdowns, she also ran for over 100 yards and 4 rushing touchdowns. Rookie Sensation Brittney Cotton led the WR corps with almost 700 yards receiving joining Scorpion veterans Isis Wagner, Elizabeth Quintard and Theresa Smith on the WPFL All Pro Team. RB Desiree Weimann rushed for over 1600 yards and 12 touchdowns and was the winner of the League MVP award. Weimann had an unbelievable year and is only a few years removed from neck surgery. She scored the first touchdown in SoCal's 14-7 Championship victory over the Houston Energy. The offense was anchored on the O-Line by ALL Stars Katrina Walter, Lela Vaeao, Lindsay Hood, Christina Carrillo, and first year left guard Hawa Wiley-Ross. This unit gave up less than 10 sacks on the season for an offense that threw the ball 60% of the time. Defensively, the Scorpions were led by Deuce Reyes who recorded 17 INT's on the season and by Defensive Ends Cilena Mosley and Crystal Stokes who together recorded over 24 sacks on the season. Defensive Tackle Michelle Starks earned her first All Pro spot joining veteran Joniece Edwards. Team Captain Andrea Hubbard made the switch from Defensive End to Linebacker and still earned an All Pro bid along with first time All-Pros, Tarrah Philpott and Wendy Hanlon. Priscilla Flores and Kalilah Lawson rounded out So Cal's record 22 players on the All Pro team.
In their first season in the IWFL, the Scorpions finished 6-2, good enough for another playoff berth. However, for the first time in their history they finished the postseason "one-and-done," losing to the Sacramento Sirens 60-26.
For their inaugural season in the WFA, the Scorpions won only two games (both against intra-city rivals the San Diego Sting). However, the Scorpions would fold mid-season, with their final official record being 2-6.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 39 || 31 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="2864948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864948" title="André Charles Boulle">
André Charles Boulle

André-Charles Boulle (11 November 1642 – 28 February 1732) was the French cabinetmaker who is generally considered to be the preeminent artist in the field of marquetry, even "the most remarkable of all French cabinetmakers." His fame in marquetry led to his name being given to the fashion he perfected of inlaying brass and tortoiseshell, known as "Boulle" (or, in 19th-century Britain, "Buhl work").
Life.
André-Charles Boulle, the son of Jean Boulle (originally called Johan Bolt) was of German origin, being born in the Duchy of Guelders. André-Charles became the most famous of his family. Boulle's skill and reputation must have begun at a comparatively early age; by age 30 he had already been granted one of those lodgings in the galleries of the Louvre which Henri IV had set apart for the use of the most favoured among the artists employed by the crown. To be admitted to these galleries not only signified a mark of special royal favor, but gave the important privilege of freedom from the trammels of the trade guilds. In 1672 Louis XIV gave Boulle the deceased Jean Macé's own lodging upon the recommendation of the minister of the arts, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, who described Boulle as "le plus habile ébéniste de Paris"; the patent conferring this privilege also describes him as a chaser, gilder and maker of marquetry. He received the post of "premier ébéniste du Roi".
Boulle appears to have started out as a painter, since the first payment to him by the crown of which there is any record (1669) specifies "ouvrages de peinture". He was employed for many years at Versailles, where the mirrored walls, the floors of wood mosaic, the inlaid paneling and the marquetery furniture in the Cabinet du Dauphin (1682–1686) were regarded as his most remarkable work. These rooms were dismantled in the 18th century and their outmoded contents dispersed, but an inventory of their ornamentation recently surfaced in the National Archives in Paris.
Boulle carried out numerous royal commissions, as we learn both from the accounts of the Bâtiments du Roi and from the correspondence of the marquis de Louvois. Foreign princes and the great nobles, government ministers and financiers of his own country crowded to him with commissions, and the "mot" of the abbé de Marolles, "Boulle y tourne en ovale", has become a stock quotation in the literature of French cabinetmaking.
Boulle's output included commodes, bureaux, armoires, pedestals, clockcases and lighting-fixtures, richly mounted with gilt-bronze that he modeled himself.
Despite his distinction, the facility with which he worked, the high prices he obtained, and his workshops full of clever craftsmen, Boulle appears to have constantly lacked for money, in part the result of his obsession for collecting works of art. He did not always pay his workmen. Clients who had made considerable advances failed to obtain the fine pieces they had ordered; more than one application was made for permission to arrest him for debt under orders of the courts within the asylum of the Louvre. In 1704, the king granted him six months' protection from his creditors on condition that Boulle use the time to regulate his affairs or "ce sera la dernière grace que sa majesté lui fera l'dessus". Twenty years later, one of Boulle's sons was arrested at Fontainebleau and kept in prison for debt until King Louis XV had him released.
In 1720 his finances were still further embarrassed by a fire which, beginning in another atelier, extended to his workshop in the Place du Louvre (one of three he maintained) and destroyed twenty workbenches and their associated tools of eighteen ébénistes and two menuisiers, and most of the seasoned materials, appliances, models, and finished work. The salvage was sold, and a petition for financial help was sent to the Regent, the result of which does not appear in surviving documents. According to Boulle's friend Pierre-Jean Mariette, many of his pecuniary difficulties were caused by his passion for collecting pictures, engravings, and other objects of art. The inventory of his losses in the fire, which exceeded 40,000 "livres", enumerates many old masters, including 48 drawings by Raphael, wax models by Michelangelo and the manuscript journal kept by Rubens in Italy. Boulle attended every sale of drawings and engravings. He had borrowed at high interest to pay for his purchases, and when the next sale took place, fresh expedients were devised for obtaining more money. Collecting was to Boulle a mania of which, said his friend Mariette, it was impossible to cure him. He died in 1732, full of fame, years and debts.
Boulle's sons.
Boulle left four sons who followed in his footsteps in more than one sense: Jean -Philippe (before 1690-before 1745), Pierre-Benoît (d. 1741), Charles-André (1685–1749) and Charles-Joseph (1688–1754). He made over the contents of his workshops to them in 1715. In spite of the fact that each was granted the title "ébéniste du roi", their financial affairs were embarrassed throughout their lives, and the three last are known to have died in debt.
Attribution of furniture to Boulle's workshop is hampered by the lack of documented pieces. Rather than the royal wardrobe, the "Garde-Meuble de la Couronne", he worked through the "Bâtiments du Roi", which did not mark new arrivals with entry numbers nor keep a detailed daybook. Of all his royal commissions, only the pair of commodes delivered for the King's use at the Grand Trianon in 1708 and 1709 ("illustration, left") can be linked securely to documentation. A series of grand "armoires" in the Louvre Museum and the Wallace Collection are also securely attributed to his workshop. Attributions, based on the refinements of the marquetry and the re-use of marquetry templates and characteristic boldly sculptural gilt-bronze mounts, are also based on three groups of visual documents: a group of furniture designs engraved by Boulle himself and published by his friend Pierre-Jean Mariette about 1720; pieces depicted in a series of workshop drawings traditionally ascribed to Boulle in the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris and private collections; and the descriptions in the inventory of works in progress made when Boulle transferred legal ownership of the workshops to his sons in 1715. 
All greatness is the product of its opportunities, and the elder Boulle was made by the happy circumstances of his time. He was born into a France which was just entering upon the most brilliant period of sumptuary magnificence which any nation has known in modern times. Louis XIV, so avid of the delights of the eye, by the reckless extravagance of his example, turned the thoughts of his courtiers to domestic splendors which had hitherto been rare. The spacious palaces which arose in his time needed rich embellishment, and Boulle, who had not only inherited the rather flamboyant Italian traditions of the late Renaissance, but had ébénisterie in his blood, arose, as some such man invariably does arise, to gratify tastes in which personal pride and love of art were not unequally intermingled. He was by no means the first Frenchman to practice the delightful art of marquetry, nor was he quite the inventor of the inlay of brass or pewter and tortoiseshell which is associated with his name; but no artist, before or since, has used these motives with such astonishing skill, courage and surety. He produced pieces of monumental solidity blazing with harmonious color, or gleaming with the sober and dignified reticence of ebony, ivory, and white metal. The Renaissance artists chiefly employed wood in making furniture, ornamenting it with gilding and painting, and inlaying it with agate, cornelian, lapis lazuli, marble of various tints, ivory, tortoiseshell, mother-of-pearl, and various woods. Boulle improved upon this by inlaying brass devices into wood or tortoiseshell, which last he greatly used according to the design he had immediately in view, whether flowers, scenes, scrolls, etc.; to these he sometimes added enameled metal. 
Indeed the use of tortoiseshell became so characteristic that any furniture, however cheap and common, which has a reddish "fond" that might by the ignorant be mistaken for inlay, was described as "Buhl" in the nineteenth century. The name is the invention of a British auctioneer and furniture maker. In this process, the brass is thin, and, like the ornamental wood or tortoiseshell, forms a veneer. In the first instance, the production of Boulle's work was costly, owing to the quantity of valuable material that was cut away and wasted, and, in addition, the labor lost in separately cutting for each article or copy of a pattern. By a subsequent improvement, Boulle effected an economy by gluing together various sheets of material and sawing through the whole, so that an equal number of figures and matrices were produced at one operation. Boulle adopted from time to time various plans for the improvement of his designs. He placed gold leaf or other suitable material under the tortoiseshell to produce such effect as he required; he chased the brasswork with a graver for a like purpose, and, when the metal required to be fastened down with brass pins or nails, these were hammered flat and disguised by ornamental chasing. He also adopted, in relief or in the round, brass feet, brackets, edgings, and other ornaments of appropriate design, partly to protect the corners and edges of his work, and partly for decoration. He subsequently used other brass mountings, such as claw feet to pedestals, or figures in high or low relief, according to the effect he desired to produce. These mounts in the pieces that undoubtedly come from Boulle's atelier are nearly always of the greatest excellence. They were cast in the rough; the tools of the chaser gave them their sharpness, their minute finish, and their jewel-like smoothness.
Unhappily it is by no means easy, even for the expert, to declare the authenticity of a commode, a bureau, or a table in the manner of Boulle and to all appearance from his workshops. His sons unquestionably carried on the traditions for some years after his death, and his imitators were many and capable. A few of the more magnificent pedigree-pieces are among the worlds mobiliary treasures. There are, for instance, two famous armoires, which fetched 12,075 at the Hamilton Palace sale; the marquetry commodes, enriched with bronze mounts, formerly in the Bibliothèque Mazarine; various cabinets and commodes and tables in the Louvre, the Musée de Cluny and the Mobilier National; the marriage coffers of the dauphin which were in the San Donato collection. There are several fine authenticated pieces in the Wallace Collection at Hertford House, together with others consummately imitated, probably in the Louis Seize period. On the rare occasions when a pedigree example comes into the auction room, it invariably commands a high price; but there can be little doubt that the most splendid and sumptuous specimens of Boulle are diminishing in number, while the second and third classes of his work are perhaps becoming more numerous. The truth is that this wonderful work, with its engraved or inlaid designs; its myriads of tiny pieces of ivory and copper, ebony and tortoiseshell, all kept together with glue and tiny chased nails, and applied very often to a rather soft, white wood, is not meet to withstand the ravages of time and the variations of the atmosphere. Alternate heat and humidity are even greater enemies of inlaid furniture than time and wear. Such delicate objects were rarely used, and the most talented of the artists were employed by the crown. To be admitted to these galleries was not only to receive a signal mark of royal favor, but to enjoy the important privilege of freedom from the trammels of the trade gilds.
References.
The group Faton, editor of "L’Objet d'Art" devoted the issue of "Dossier de l’Art", N° 124, November 2005, to Boulle, with an extensive biography including the last data of modern criticism "André-Charles Boulle (1642–1732), a new Chronology of his life and his work" by J.N. Ronfort, who also wrote "The deliveries to the Grand Dauphin and the duchess of Bourgogne for the castle of Versailles".
The catalogue raisonné of the artist is in the course of publication by Ronfort. An international exhibition "André-Charles Boulle (1642–1732), a new Style for Europe" was held in Germany in 2009-2010 at the Museum für angewandte Kunst in Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="2864969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864969" title="Hans Graf von Sponeck">
Hans Graf von Sponeck

Hans Graf von Sponeck or Hans Emil Otto Graf von Sponeck (12 February 1888 – 23 July 1944) was a German "Generalleutnant" during World War II who was imprisoned for disobeying orders and later executed. He was the father of Hans von Sponeck.
Early life.
Sponeck was the youngest of four children, and only son, of Emil August Joseph Anton Graf Sponeck and Maria (née Courtin). He was born on 12 February 1888 in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, just months before his father's death at age 38. Hans spent his early years with his mother in Freiburg, Breisgau. This was near the "Burg Sponeck" which had given his family its title name.
In 1898, Sponeck entered the cadet corps in Karlsruhe, and became the "head cadet" at 17. He received his commission on 19 March 1908 with rank of Lieutenant. He was also a gymnast and a soccer player. He was promoted to Captain in 1908. He married on 29 September 1910 and had two sons by this marriage.
First World War.
Sponeck was a front line officer and battalion adjutant during World War I, and was wounded three times. In 1916 he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel. Afterwards he was awarded both classes of the Iron Cross with leaves.
Interwar period.
Between 1924 and 1934, he served on the General Staff HQ and later, as full colonel, commanded an infantry regiment at Neustrelitz. In 1925, Sponeck was admitted to the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg) as a Knight of Honor.
Sponeck commanded Infantry Regiment 48 at Döberitz until late 1937 when he transferred to the Luftwaffe to establish paratrooper units. During the course of the Blomberg-Fritsch Affair, Sponeck was recalled by contemporaries as having suggested his willingness to lead his troops in support of army commander-in-chief Werner von Fritsch if called to do so, though no such plan ever came to fruition.
On 1 February 1938, Sponeck was promoted to major general. During the trial of General von Fritsch, Sponeck was called as a character witness but was roughly put down by Göring, who was serving as Court President. Nevertheless, Sponeck became commander of the 22nd Infantry Division with 42nd Army Corps training the troops as airborne infantry ("Fallschirmjäger").
Second World War.
On 1 February 1940, Sponeck was promoted to Generalleutnant. 
The German airborne assault on the Low Countries began on 10 May 1940, led by Sponeck and General Kurt Student. Sponeck led the German troops in the failed Battle for the Hague and was almost captured, only to be saved by the bombardment of Rotterdam on the 14 May 1940 which quickly led to the Dutch capitulation. He was wounded, and on his return to Germany was further awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by Adolf Hitler.
Eastern campaign.
Before dawn on 22 June 1941, Operation Barbarossa was launched beginning the German invasion of the Soviet Union. Sponeck commanded the 22nd Infantry Division as part of the 11th Army in the area of Army Group South attacking in the direction of the Crimean Peninsula. Two days before the invasion, on June 20, 1941, Sponeck's general staff gave orders to the division that any Jewish Red Army prisoners of war should be identified and separated from the rest of the Soviet prisoners. With the start of the invasion, Sponeck's division operated from the Romanian frontier driving into Bessarabia, Transnistria and then the southern Ukraine, taking part in heavy fighting at Beryslav to establish a bridgehead across the Dnieper River to Kakhovka in late August 1941. This enabled the 11th Army to advance southward toward the Crimean Peninsula but resulted in heavy losses for the division. In preparation for the invasion of Crimea, Sponeck's division was ordered in September and early October 1941 to pursue the Red Army east and north along the Sea of Azov to the cities Henichesk, Melitopol and Berdyansk, thereby protecting the eastern flank of the 11th Army. On October 7, 1941 Sponeck ordered his division to work closely with the SS's Security Police and SD by rounding up, identifying, and handing over Jewish civilians. Mass shootings of Jews by units of Einsatzgruppe D of the Security Police and SD are documented in both Henichesk and Melitopol shortly after these cities were occupied by the 22nd Infantry Division in October 1941. In Melitopol alone 2,000 Jewish men, women and children were massacred. In later English captivity at Trent Park, one of General von Sponeck's subordinate senior officers, Colonel (later General) Dietrich von Choltitz, admitted frankly in a surreptitiously recorded conversation that he had taken an active part in the work of killing Jews during the German invasion of the Soviet Union.
Because of sciatica and intestinal trouble, General von Sponeck took sick leave from his division on October 14, 1941. On Sponeck's return on December 3, 1941, Manstein gave him command of the 42nd Army Corps (with command of the 46th Infantry Division), which had taken the Kerch Peninsula on the extreme eastern tip of the Crimea. In Feodosia, within the area of Sponeck's command, 1,052 Jews were executed on or around December 10, 1941 by units of Einsatzgruppe D with the active cooperation and participation of the local military field commander and military police. On December 10, 1941, General von Sponeck ordered that all Jews found within his area of command were to be treated in principle as partisans, marked with the Star of David, and "deployed as labor." He also ordered that any Red Army soldiers captured, even those in uniform, were to be shot immediately and approved reprisal actions against civilians for any local partisan activity or sabotage.
On 26 December 1941, the Red Army launched an invasion of Crimea. Their plan was to land seaborne troops at Kerch and Mount Opuk, supported by later landings at Feodosia with 42,000 troops. On December 28 the battle in eastern Crimea had developed in favour of the Germans with them having eliminated one of the two Soviet beachheads around the town of Kerch. Sponeck requested permission to retreat to avoid being cut off and captured and so to regroup, but was denied three times. On 29 December the Russians landed additional forces on the southern coast at Feodosia and Sponeck had only thirty minutes to decide on his actions. On his own initiative, he gave order for his 10,000 men to retreat. In temperatures of minus 30 degrees Celsius, in a howling snowstorm and icy winds, the battalions of the 46th Infantry Division marched west. The soldiers marched for 46 hours with only the occasional rest for coffee, to warm up. Many suffered frostbite, and most of the horses starved. Much of the Divisions heavy equipment, including its artillery, remained behind on the frozen road.
On 31 December Sponeck's 46th Infantry arrived at the Parpach neck, where they established a defensive line. The following day, 1 January 1942, Red Army attacked again and were held back by Sponeck's men. The arrival of a rail-mounted unit finished off sixteen soviet T-26 tanks. Sponeck and his forces held off the enemy long enough until reinforcements arrived.
Arrest and trial.
On 23 January 1942, Lieutenant General Hans Graf Sponeck's trial took place in front of the Court President Hermann Göring. It did not go well for Sponeck and the court found him guilty of disobedience of a superior officer. Sponeck maintained that he had acted, as taught, on his own initiative against orders, in order to avoid the destruction of his division. He was nevertheless given the death sentence, but Adolf Hitler (on Manstein's proposal) commuted the sentence to seven years in prison. Hans Sponeck was to serve as an example to those who disobeyed Hitler's new order of no retreat. Sponeck was sent to Germersheim Fortress where he was held as a prisoner. He was allowed into town occasionally and his wife visited him for one week per month in the fortress, with their five year old son (Hans-Christof von Sponeck, later a United Nations diplomat and Assistant Secretary General to Kofi Annan).
20 July 1944 Plot and execution.
On 20 July 1944, Sponeck heard on his radio of the bomb attempt on Hitler's life. Heinrich Himmler was given the position of Reichs Security Official. Even though Sponeck had no contact with the German military resistance, the "Gauleiter" of the area around Germersheim, Josef Bürckel, pressed Himmler to have Sponeck executed in retribution for the assassination plot. Subsequently, Himmler gave the order for Sponeck to be executed by firing squad. This was carried out at 7:13 am on 23 July 1944 in Germersheim, Germany. Sponeck was allowed Holy Communion before his execution. In a letter to his wife he wrote "I die with firm faith in my Redeemer". Pleading the innocence of his actions in the Kerch peninsula, he went to the firing squad boldly, as witnessed by the priest present, and requested not to be bound or to be blindfolded. Facing the firing squad his last words were "For forty years I have served Germany, which I have loved with my entire heart, as a soldier and an officer. If I must let myself die today, I die in the hope of a better Germany!" Sponeck was buried in Germersheim and while no citations or speeches were permitted at his grave, they did allow the Lord's Prayer to be said. After the war, Sponeck's mortal remains were exhumed and his last resting place was the Soldiers' Cemetery at Dahn in the Palatinate forest.
Last requiem.
On 23 July 1999, the 55th anniversary of the execution, Sponeck's son by his second marriage, Hans-Christof Graf Sponeck, who was just six years old when his father was executed, held a requiem at his father's grave. Hans-Christof Graf Sponeck served as Assistant Secretary General and Diplomat, United Nations, until his retirement a short time ago.
Note on name.
"Graf" is an historic German noble title, equivalent in rank to the French "count" or to the British "earl". In Germany today, however, "Graf" is no longer a noble title, so as a matter of law it is used only as part of the name of the person concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="2864970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864970" title="Saint Lucia National Emergency Management Organisation">
Saint Lucia National Emergency Management Organisation

Saint Lucia's National Emergency Management Organisation (NEMO) is responsible for disaster preparedness and disaster response co-ordination.
History.
Disaster Management, though called by numerous names over the years has manifested itself
constantly in Saint Lucia. As far back as June 10 – 20, 1979 Saint Lucia was host to the
Caribbean Disaster Preparedness Seminar, where over one hundred and fifty delegates from the
Caribbean, North and Latin America assembled to discuss the concerns of the day. The following year Hurricane Allen blasted Saint Lucia.
A year later in 1991 Saint Lucia, together with fifteen other Caribbean States signed the Articles
that created the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency (CDERA)
Disaster Management in Saint Lucia is conducted on a voluntary basis and during an event
NEMO is part of a larger network that comes into existence to respond to a disaster. There are
various Ministries that are essential to a response action. There are also eighteen (18) District
Committees that are composed similarly to the national committees, which are composed of
representatives of various Ministries and Social Groups. For a response action the national
personnel contact his/her local counterpart and together execute an action.
Statutory Authority.
Provided NEMO with the power to commandeer resources during a state of emergency.
Consolidated and placed in law the actions of NEMO.
Authorised the National Emergency Response Plan for Saint Lucia.
Replaced Disaster Preparedness and Response Act of 2000.
Mission statement.
The role of the National Emergency Management Organisation is to develop, test and implement adequate measures to protect the population of Saint Lucia from the physical, social, environmental and economic effects of both natural and man-made disasters.
Its responsibility is to ensure the efficient functioning of preparedness, prevention, mitigation and response actions. 
Disaster Response Plans.
The National Response Plans for Saint Lucia are all at various levels of approval. Once they
have met the full approval process they shall be available to the public. The plans are all “stand
alone” documents that may be activated to support hazard management plans. They are inter alia:
1. SOPs: General 1149/96
2. SOPs: EOC 1149/96
3. SOPs: Declaring a Disaster of Saint Lucia
4. SOPs: National Shut Down
5. Telecommunications Procedures 1149/96
6. Mass Crowd Events Guidelines
1. A Policy Framework on Disaster Management
2. Donations and Importation of Relief Supplies Policy 1 approved 1149/96
3. Emergency Shelter Management Policy 1149/96
4. Emergency Housing Policy
5. Hazard Mitigation Policy
6. Mass Fatalities Policy
7. Mass Crowd Events Policies and Guidelines
8. Governmental Officers Security Travel Policy
9. Backup Policy
10. National Policy on Ambulance Operations
11. National Incident Management System Policy
1. Damage Assessment and Needs Analysis Guidelines
2. Damage Assessment and Needs Analysis Plan
3. Crisis Communication Guide
4. Media Plan for Disasters and Emergencies
5. Telecommunications Plan
6. Relief Distribution Plan
7. Shelter Management Program
8. National Plan for Transportation in Disasters
9. Welfare Emergency Management Support Plan
10. Stress Response Team Plan
11. Emergency Action Plan for Agricultural Pests And Diseases
12. Disaster Auxiliary Corps Guidelines
13. Hospitality Industry Crisis Management Plan
14. Model Plan for the District Disaster Committees
1. Hurricane Plan 1149/96
2. Earthquake Plan
3. Volcanic Eruption Plan
4. Landslide Plan
5. Oil Spill Contingency Plan
6. Strategy on the Management of Used Oil
7. Hazardous Materials Plan
8. Hazard Mitigation Plan
9. Response Plan for Refugees and Displaced Persons
10. Maritime Search and Rescue Plan
11. Land Search and Rescue Plan
12. Drought Response Plan
13. Flood Response Plan
14. Fire Response Plan
1. GOSL Continuity of Operations Plan 
2. The Ministry of Works Plan
3. The Ministry of Health Plan
4. Private Sector Response Plan
5. Borderlais Prison Emergency Plan
6. GFL Charles Airport Emergency Plan
7. Hweanorra International Airport Emergency Plan
8. Seaports Contingency Plan
9. Guidelines for Debris Management in a Disaster
10. Ministries of External Affairs - Guidelines in case of Disasters
11. National Incident Management System Plan
1. Articles Establishing the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency 
2. St George’s Declaration of Principals
3. Tampere Convention on the Provision of Telecommunication Resources for Disaster Mitigation and Relief Operations
4. United Nations Millennium Goals
5. Agreement Between Member States and Associate Members of The Association of
Caribbean States for Regional Cooperation on Natural Disasters
1. The National Emergency Powers Act (5/1995)
2. The Disaster Preparedness & Response Act (13/2000)
PAHO on NEMO.
In praise of Disaster Management in Saint Lucia, the Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) has stated the following on its website.
"National Disaster Management is very active and well developed. Saint Lucia has achieved Disaster Management capabilities which other Caribbean countries can follow. Numerous agreements with the private sector, NGO's, Service Organizations, and neighbouring French Departments have been implemented. Health sector mitigation activities have begun and are expected to continue. St. Lucia has all possible disaster plans available and updated thanks to the National Emergency Management Office Saint Lucia" Source

</doc>
<doc id="2864985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864985" title="Staggered fermion">
Staggered fermion

Staggered fermion is a technical subtlety that arises when fermionic fields are included in lattice gauge theory. When one does so, many new unphysical fermionic excitations corresponding to alternating fermionic fields occur in the spectrum. This is known as the fermion doubling problem. A particular way to resolve this problem, first proposed by Leonard Susskind and John Kogut ( Kogut-Susskind fermion), is the staggered fermion approach where a new nonlocal action is constructed where the Dirac operator is treated as a square root.

</doc>
<doc id="2864989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864989" title="Henry Seidel Canby">
Henry Seidel Canby

Henry Seidel Canby (September 6, 1878 – April 5, 1961) was a critic, editor, and Yale University professor.
A scion of a Quaker family that arrived in Wilmington, Delaware, around 1740 and grew to regional prominence through milling and business affairs, Henry Seidel Canby was a son of Edward T. Canby. Canby was born in Wilmington, and attended Wilmington Friends School. He graduated from Yale in 1899, then taught at the university until becoming a professor in 1922.
Following a four-year stint as the editor of the Literary Review of the "New York Evening Post", Canby became one of the founders and editors of the "Saturday Review of Literature", serving as the last until 1936. His notes on the work of Vilfredo Pareto in 1933 in the "Saturday Review" helped launch the Pareto vogue of the 1930s.
He was the father of Edward T. Canby (1912-1998), a noted reviewer, radio-show host, folklorist and early advocate of electronic music.

</doc>
<doc id="2864992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864992" title="Panalpina">
Panalpina

Panalpina is a Swiss company, provider of forwarding and logistics services, specializing in intercontinental air and ocean freight and associated supply chain management solutions. It operates a network of some 500 branches in more than 80 countries; in a further 80 countries, the group cooperates closely with selected partners. Panalpina employs some 15,000 people worldwide.
Hubs of Panalpina are situated in Luxembourg, at Findel Airport, and in Huntsville, Alabama, at Huntsville International Airport.
Panalpina was fully owned by the Ernst Göhner Foundation until its successful public listing on the SWX Swiss Exchange on September 22, 2005. In 2005 Panalpina acquired Janco Oilfield Services in Singapore and Overseas Shipping Group in Norway.
While the company offers services to various industry verticals such as Hi-Tech, Automotive, Telecom, Retail&Fashion, Health Care as well as Oil and Gas, in the latter it has a leading position in providing logistic services on a global scale. In addition, Panalpina has so called Wet lease or ACMI (aircraft, complete crew, maintenance, and insurance) agreements with cargo airline Atlas Air Cargo, which in turn has one Boeing 747 named "Spirit of Panalpina". 
Current fleet is composed of two Boeing 747-8F.
Panalpina issues master bills of lading under the 'Pantainer' brand name.
In 2010 Panalpina agreed to resolve Foreign Bribery Investigations and to pay more than $80 Million in penalties. The U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated about whether the company had paid foreign officials to speed drilling rigs and other equipment through customs.

</doc>
<doc id="2864998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864998" title="Hamiltonian lattice gauge theory">
Hamiltonian lattice gauge theory

In physics, Hamiltonian lattice gauge theory is a calculational approach to gauge theory and a special case of lattice gauge theory in which the space is discretized but time is not. The Hamiltonian is then re-expressed as a function of degrees of freedom defined on a d-dimensional lattice.
Following Wilson, the spatial components of the vector potential are replaced with Wilson lines over the edges, but the time component is associated with the vertices. However, the temporal gauge is often employed, setting the electric potential to zero. The eigenvalues of the Wilson line operators U(e) (where e is the (oriented) edge in question) take on values on the Lie group G. It is assumed that G is compact, otherwise we run into many problems. The conjugate operator to U(e) is the electric field E(e) whose eigenvalues take on values in the Lie algebra formula_1. The Hamiltonian receives contributions coming from the plaquettes (the magnetic contribution) and contributions coming from the edges (the electric contribution).
Hamiltonian lattice gauge theory is exactly dual to a theory of spin networks. This involves using the Peter–Weyl theorem. In the spin network basis, the spin network states are eigenstates of the operator formula_2.

</doc>
<doc id="2865003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865003" title="Stanley (vehicle)">
Stanley (vehicle)

Stanley is an autonomous car created by Stanford University's Stanford Racing Team in cooperation with the Volkswagen Electronics Research Laboratory (ERL). It competed in, and won, the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge, earning the Stanford Racing Team the 2 million dollar prize.
The Stanford Racing Team.
Led by Associate Professor Sebastian Thrun, director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab, the Stanford Racing Team was developed solely for the purpose of competing in the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge. Stanford did not participate in the 2004 DARPA Grand Challenge and was considered to have 20:1 chances of winning the 2005 competition. Stanley is currently located at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, although it was displayed at the 2006 New York International Auto Show, and spent 2 years at the Volkswagen Autostadt Museum (Germany). The Stanford Racing Team entered a new vehicle, a modified Volkswagen Passat wagon, dubbed "Junior", in the 2007 DARPA Urban Challenge. Other key contributors on the team include Michael Montemerlo (software lead), Sven Strohband (lead engineer) and Cedric Dupont (vehicle lead), and Pamela Mahoney (communications lead). 
Construction.
Stanley's original frame was a standard European diesel model Volkswagen Touareg provided by Volkswagen's ERL for the competition. The Stanford Racing Team chose the Touareg for its "drive by wire" control system which could be adapted (and was done so by the ERL) to be run directly from an on-board computer without the use of actuators or servo motors (it is important to note however, that the steering wheel was driven by an electric motor and the gear shifting accomplished with a hydraulic piston).
To navigate, Stanley used five roof mounted Sick AG LIDAR units to build a 3-D map of the environment, supplementing the position sensing GPS system. An internal guidance system utilizing gyroscopes and accelerometers monitored the orientation of the vehicle and also served to supplement GPS and other sensor data. Additional guidance data was provided by a video camera used to observe driving conditions out to eighty meters (beyond the range of the LIDAR) and to ensure room enough for acceleration. Stanley also had sensors installed in a wheel well to record a pattern imprinted on the tire and to act as an odometer in case of loss of signal (such as when driving through a tunnel). Using the data from this sensor, the on-board computer can extrapolate how far it has traveled since the signal was lost.
To process the sensor data and execute decisions, Stanley was equipped with six low-power 1.6 GHz Intel Pentium M based computers in the trunk, running different versions of the Linux operating system.
Programming.
The School of Engineering developed the 100,000 lines of software run by Stanley to interpret sensor data and execute navigation decisions. Using what Popular Mechanics calls a "common robot hierarchy", Stanley utilizes "low-level modules fed raw data from LIDAR, the camera, GPS sets and inertial sensors into software programs control the vehicle's speed, direction and decision making.
Stanley was characterized by a machine learning based approach to obstacle detection. Data from the LIDARs was fused with images from the vision system to perform more distant look-ahead. If a path of drivable terrain could not be detected for at least 40 meters in front of the vehicle, speed was decreased and the LIDARs were used to locate a safe passage.
To correct a common error made by Stanley early in development, the Stanford Racing Team created a log of "human reactions and decisions" and fed the data into a learning algorithm tied to the vehicle's controls; this action served to greatly reduce Stanley's errors. The computer log of humans driving also made Stanley more accurate in detecting shadows, a problem that had caused many of the vehicle failures in the 2004 DARPA Grand Challenge.
See Also.
Simultaneous localization and mapping

</doc>
<doc id="2865007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865007" title="Shahpur, Pakistan">
Shahpur, Pakistan

Shahpur (Punjabi,) (alternatively Shāhpur or Shahapur) is a city and capital of Shahpur Tehsil, located in Sargodha District in the Punjab province, of Pakistan. It lies on the Jhelum River. 
Population of Tehsil is 274,000 (1998) being mainly Muslim and Punjabi speaking.
Its old name was Rampur and it had a majority Hindu population until the 17th century. The name changed after the arrival of a Sufi saint Shah Shams Sherazi from Delhi.
In 1893, during the British Raj, Shahpur District of was created with Shahpur as the district headquarters. In 1914, the district headquarters were moved from Shahpur to Sargodha, although the district continued to be known as Shahpur. In 1960 however, Sargodha District was created, and Shahpur District became Shahpur Tehsil — one of the tehsils in the district. There are a lot of historical places that still exist, like the government highschool, the government elementary school, and Shahpur which is most historical building in this city. All of these buildings were built in in 18th century. Also there are some historical Mandir (prayer place of Hindus). Their main city entrance gate was built in 1863 when its name was Rampur. The railway station of this city was built by British government. The great leader Fatima Jinnah visited Shahpur and spoke with people of this city in the railway station. The people of this city are very humble and are hard workers.

</doc>
<doc id="2865008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865008" title="Charles Courtenay, Lord Courtenay">
Charles Courtenay, Lord Courtenay

Charles Peregrine Courtenay, Lord Courtenay (born 14 August 1975), is the son and heir of the 18th Earl of Devon, and a practising attorney.
Lord Courtenay was educated at Eton. He read law at St John's College, Cambridge and was admitted to the bar at Inner Temple in 1999. He married American actress A. J. Langer (née Allison Joy Langer) in a civil ceremony in 2004. Langer was given the courtesy title "Lady Courtenay." A formal wedding later took place on 30 April 2005, in Los Angeles. On Lord Courtenay's eventual accession to his father's peerage and estate, the couple will reside at the family's ancestral home of Powderham Castle in Devon, England. 
Lord and Lady Courtenay have two children, both born in Los Angeles:
Lord Courtenay has practised law with the Los Angeles, California office of Latham & Watkins since 2005. In January 2014, he permanently relocated his family to London and transferred to his firm's London office.

</doc>
<doc id="2865011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865011" title="Mike Hercus">
Mike Hercus

Mike Hercus (born June 6, 1979 in Falls Church, Virginia) is a retired American rugby union footballer who played at fly-half for the USA Eagles and several top level professional clubs around the globe.
Hercus is the USA Eagles' all-time leading scorer with 465 points, and is the leading scorer for the U.S. in Rugby World Cups with 77 points. He is currently 20th all-time on the international scoring list, an accomplishment considering the limited international schedule the USA plays when compared to major rugby playing nations.
At the time of his final match, Hercus was the Eagles' all-time most capped back.
Early life and career.
Hercus was born in Virginia but his parents returned to their native Australia where he was brought up and educated at Shore School North Sydney. He started in their first XV for two years and was captained by Phil Waugh when they were in year 12. He played for the Australian schoolboys rugby union team and later progressed to the Australian under 21 side. 
2003 - 2007.
The American national team, the USA Eagles, gave him a route into international rugby union. Hercus made his debut for the U.S. national team in 2002. Hercus played in the 2003 Rugby World Cup, scoring 51 points for the Eagles. 
Hercus played at Sale Sharks for two seasons as Charlie Hodgson's understudy before moving to Llanelli Scarlets. There Hercus was able to secure a starting position at fly-half during the season, a position which he maintained in the 2006 Powergen Cup final (which saw the Scarlets lose to London Wasps 26-10). Hercus moved to the Newport Gwent Dragons in the summer of 2006 when it was announced that Welsh international fly-half Stephen Jones was to move to the Scarlets. 
Also in 2006, Hercus received an invitation to play for the prestigious Barbarians FC, joining an elite list of only seven USA Eagles who have done so. His Barbarians cap came in the annual clash vs. Leicester Tigers in which he scored 17 points, including a try.
2007 - 2010.
Hercus captained the Eagles in their qualifying matches against Uruguay in 2006 for the 2007 Rugby World Cup. He returned to the USA for the start of the 2007 U.S. Rugby Super League season, where he played for Belmont Shore and was in the US Falcons NA4 squad. Hercus started all four matches for the U.S. in the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Hercus signed a contract at the start of 2008 to play for Japanese club IBM Big Blue. In 2009, after just one season, Hercus signed with the Australian club Sunshine Coast Stingrays where, in limited action he was the club's leading scorer. Hercus played with the USA Eagles during the 2009 summer internationals, including the Eagles against Canada and Uruguay in the 2011 Rugby World Cup qualifying matches. These qualifying matches in 2009 were Hercus's last matches for the U.S. national team.
In 2010, Hercus returned to Australia and his junior club the Gordon Highlanders to compete in the Shute Shield. Hercus was named Gordon's captain to start the season, but saw limited action due to injury. By mid season, rumors began to leak out that he had retired or intended to retire from both international and club rugby due to persistent reoccurring injuries. Although no official announcement has ever been made, he has been presumed retired since summer 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2865013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865013" title="The Princess and the Pea">
The Princess and the Pea

"The Princess and the Pea" (; literal translation: "The Princess on the Pea") is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a young woman whose royal identity is established by a test of her physical sensitivity. The tale was first published with three others by Andersen in an inexpensive booklet on 8 May 1835 in Copenhagen by C.A. Reitzel.
Andersen had heard the story as a child, and it likely has its source in folk material, possibly originating from Sweden as it is unknown in the Danish oral tradition. Neither "The Princess and the Pea" nor Andersen's other tales of 1835 were well received by Danish critics, who disliked their casual, chatty style, and their lack of morals.
In 1959 "The Princess and the Pea" was adapted to the musical stage in a production called "Once Upon a Mattress" starring Carol Burnett.
Plot.
The story tells of a prince who wants to marry a princess, but is having difficulty finding a suitable wife. Something is always wrong with those he meets, and he cannot be certain they are "real" princesses. One stormy night (always a harbinger of either a life-threatening situation or the opportunity for a romantic alliance in Andersen's stories), a young woman drenched with rain seeks shelter in the prince's castle. She claims to be a princess, so the prince's mother decides to test their unexpected unwitting guest by placing a pea in the bed she is offered for the night, covered by 20 mattresses and 20 feather-beds. In the morning, the guest tells her hosts that she endured a sleepless night, kept awake by something hard in the bed; which she is certain has bruised her. The prince rejoices. Only a real princess would have the sensitivity to feel a pea through such a quantity of bedding. The two are married, and the pea is placed in the Royal Museum.
Sources.
In his preface to the second volume of "Tales and Stories" (1863) Andersen claims to have heard the story in his childhood, but the tale has never been a traditional one in Denmark. He may as a child have heard a Swedish version, "Princess Who Lay on Seven Peas" ("Princessa' som lå' på sju ärter"), which tells of an orphan girl who establishes her identity after a sympathetic helper (a cat or a dog) informs her that an object (a bean, a pea, or a straw) had been placed under her mattress.
Composition.
Andersen deliberately cultivated a funny and colloquial style in the tales of 1835, reminiscent of oral storytelling techniques rather than the sophisticated literary devices of the fairy tales written by "les précieuses", E. T. A. Hoffmann, and other precursors. The earliest reviews criticized Andersen for not following such models. In the second volume of the 1863 edition of his collected works Andersen remarked in the preface: "The style should be such that one hears the narrator. Therefore, the language had to be similar to the spoken word; the stories are for children, but adults too should be able to listen in."
Although no materials appear to exist specifically addressing the composition of "The Princess and the Pea", Andersen does speak to the writing of the first four tales of 1835 of which "The Princess on the Pea" was one. New Year's Day 1835, Andersen wrote to a friend: "I am now starting on some 'fairy tales for children.' I am going to win over future generations, you may want to know", and, in a letter dated February 1835 he wrote to the poet, Bernhard Severin Ingemann: "I have started some 'Fairy Tales Told for Children' and believe I have succeeded. I have told a couple of tales which as a child I was happy about, and which I do not believe are known, and have written them exactly the way I would tell them to a "child"." Andersen had finished the tales by March 1835 and told Admiral Wulff's daughter, Henriette: "I have also written some fairy tales for children; Ørsted says about them that if "The Improvisatore" makes me famous then these will make me immortal, for they are the most perfect things I have written; but I myself do not think so." On 26 March, he observed that "fairy tales will be published in April, and people will say: the work of my immortality! Of course I shan't enjoy the experience in this world."
Publication.
"The Princess and the Pea" was first published in Copenhagen, Denmark by C.A. Reitzel on 8 May 1835 in an unbound 61-page booklet called "Tales, Told for Children. First Collection. First Booklet. 1835." ("Eventyr, fortalte for Børn. Første Samling. Første Hefte. 1835."). "The Princess and the Pea" was the third tale in the collection, with "The Tinderbox" (""Fyrtøiet""), "Little Claus and Big Claus" (""Lille Claus og store Claus""), and "Little Ida's Flowers" (""Den lille Idas Blomster""). The booklet was priced at twenty-four shillings (the equivalent of 25 Dkr. or approximately US$5 as of 2009), and the publisher paid Andersen 30 rixdollars (US$450 as of 2009). A second edition was published in 1842, and a third in 1845. "The Princess and the Pea" was reprinted on 18 December 1849 in "Tales. 1850." with illustrations by Vilhelm Pedersen. The story was published again on 15 December 1862, in "Tales and Stories. First Volume. 1862."
The first Danish reviews of Andersen's 1835 tales appeared in 1836, and were hostile. Critics disliked the informal, chatty style, and the lack of morals, and offered Andersen no encouragement. One literary journal failed to mention the tales at all, while another advised Andersen not to waste his time writing "wonder stories". He was told he "lacked the usual form of that kind of poetry ... and would not study models". Andersen felt he was working against their preconceived notions of what a fairy tale should be and returned to writing novels, believing it to be his true calling.
English translation.
Charles Boner was the first to translate "The Princess and the Pea" into English, working from a German translation that had increased Andersen's lone pea to a trio of peas in an attempt to make the story more credible, an embellishment also added by another early English translator, Caroline Peachey. Boner's translation was published as "The Princess on the Peas" in "A Danish Story-Book" in 1846. Boner has been accused of missing the satire of the tale by ending with the rhetorical question, "Now was not that a lady of exquisite feeling?" rather than Andersen's joke of the pea being placed in the Royal Museum. Boner and Peachey's work established the standard for English translations of the fairy tales, which, for almost a century, as Wullschlager notes, "continued to range from the inadequate to the abysmal".
Commentaries.
Wullschlager observes that in "The Princess and the Pea" Andersen blended his childhood memories of a primitive world of violence, death, and inexorable fate, with his social climber's private romance about the serene, secure and cultivated Danish bourgeoisie, which did not quite accept him as one of their own. Jack Zipes, researcher, said that Andersen, during his lifetime, "was obliged to act as a dominated subject within the dominant social circles despite his fame and recognition as a writer." Because of this, Andersen developed a feared and loved view of the aristocracy. Others have said that Andersen constantly felt as though he did not belong, and longed to be a part of the upper class. The nervousness and humiliations Andersen suffered in the presence of the bourgeoisie were mythologized by the storyteller in the tale of "The Princess and the Pea", with Andersen himself the morbidly sensitive princess who can feel a pea through 20 mattresses.
Maria Tatar notes that, unlike the folk heroine of his source material for the story, Andersen's princess has no need to resort to deceit to establish her identity; her sensitivity is enough to validate her nobility. For Andersen, she indicates, "true" nobility derived not from an individual's birth but from their sensitivity. Andersen's insistence upon sensitivity as the exclusive privilege of nobility challenges modern notions about character and social worth. The princess's sensitivity, however, may be a metaphor for her depth of feeling and compassion.
"The Princess and the Pea" was not uniformly well received by critics. Toksvig wrote in 1934, "story seems to the reviewer not only indelicate but indefensible, in so far as the child might absorb the false idea that great ladies must always be so terribly thin-skinned." Tatar notes that the princess's sensitivity has been interpreted as poor manners rather than a manifestation of noble birth, a view said to be based on "the cultural association between women's physical sensitivity and emotional sensitivity, specifically, the link between a woman reporting her physical experience of touch and negative images of women who are hypersensitive to physical conditions, who complain about trivialities, and who demand special treatment".
Researcher Jack Zipes notes that the tale is told tongue-in-cheek, with Andersen poking fun at the "curious and ridiculous" measures taken by the nobility to establish the value of bloodlines. He also notes that the author makes a case for sensitivity being the decisive factor in determining royal authenticity and that Andersen "never tired of glorifying the sensitive nature of an elite class of people".
“The Princess and the Pea” spurred on positive criticism, as well. In fact, critic Paul Hazard pointed out the realistic aspects of the fairy tale that make it easily relatable to all people. He believed that "the world Andersen witnessed—which encompassed sorrow, death, evil, and man's follies—is reflected in his tales," and most evidently in "The Princess and the Pea." Another scholar, Niels Kofoed, noticed that “since they involve everyday-life themes of love, death, nature, injustice, suffering, and poverty, they appeal to all races, ideologies, classes, and genders.” Moreover, Celia Catlett Anderson realized that one of the things that makes this story so appealing and relatable is that optimism prevails over pessimism, especially for the main character of the princess. This inspires hope in the readers for their own futures and strength within themselves.
Adaptations.
"The Princess and the Pea" was adapted to the musical stage in 1959 as "Once Upon a Mattress", with comedienne Carol Burnett playing the play's heroine, Princess Winnifred the Woebegone. The musical was revived in 1997 with Sarah Jessica Parker in the role. A television adaptation of "The Princess and the Pea" starred Liza Minnelli in a "Faerie Tale Theatre" episode in 1984. The story has been adapted to two films, one full-length animation film in 2002, and a 6-minute IMAX production in 2001. In 1927, German composer Ernst Toch published an opera based on the story with a libretto by Benno Elkan.
Similar tales.
Tales of extreme sensitivity are infrequent in world culture but a few have been recorded. The 11th-century "Kathasaritsagara" by Somadeva tells of a young man who claims to be especially fastidious about beds. After sleeping in a bed on top of seven mattresses, and newly made with clean sheets, the young man rises in great pain. A crooked red mark is discovered on his body, and upon investigation a hair is found on the bottom-most mattress of the bed. An Italian tale called "The Most Sensitive Woman" tells of a woman whose foot is bandaged after a jasmine petal falls upon it. The Brothers Grimm included a "Princess on the Pea" tale in an edition of their "Kinder- und Hausmärchen", but removed it after they discovered that it belonged to the Danish literary tradition. A few folk tales feature a boy discovering a pea or a bean assumed to be of great value. After the boy enters a castle and is given a bed of straw for the night he tosses and turns in his sleep, attempting to guard his treasure. Some observers are persuaded that the boy is restless because he is unaccustomed to sleeping on straw, and is therefore of aristocratic blood.
In the more popular versions of the tale, only one pea is used. However, Charles Boner added in two more peas in his translation of the story upon which Andersen based his tale. Other differences amongst versions can be seen in various amounts of mattresses as well as feather beds. Versions of the story differ based on whether or not the character of the helper is included. The helper, in some cases, tells the princess to pretend as though she slept badly. However, in other versions, the helper doesn’t appear at all, and the princess decides to lie all on her own.
The tale was the basis for a story in "The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales" by Jon Scieszka and Lane Smith, wherein the prince decides to slip a bowling ball underneath one hundred mattresses after three years of unsuccessful attempts with the pea. In the morning, the princess comes downstairs and tells the queen, "This might sound odd, but I think you need another mattress. I felt like I was sleeping on a lump as big as a bowling ball." which satisfies the king and the queen. The princess gets married to the prince, and they live happily, though maybe not completely honestly, ever after.
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="2865020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865020" title="2005–06 in Argentine football">
2005–06 in Argentine football

The 2005-06 Argentine First Division Apertura was a nail biter. After a head-to-head finish in the last weeks Boca Juniors took the trophy home. Gimnasia de La Plata will have to wait for their first-ever championship.
The 2005-06 Argentine First Division Clausura saw Boca Juniors become the first team since River Plate in 1999/2000 to win the Apertura and the Clausura in the same season. This capped an amazing year for Boca, as they won every tournament they were eligible (they weren't eligible for the Copa Libertadores after a dismal Clausura last season). Lanús were the big surprise of the Clausura, as they finished 2nd in the league. Boca also achieved 80 points in a season for the first time since 1998/99 when they scored 89 points.
Argentina drew one of the most difficult groups in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, advanced to the second round but lost against hosts Germany in the Quarter-Finals.
After an abysmal season, Instituto and Tiro Federal were relegated to the Nacional B Division a few weeks before the end of the tournament. The next two worst teams in the relegation standings, Argentinos Juniors and Olimpo de Bahía Blanca, played a "Promoción" playoff (home and away) series against Huracán and Belgrano de Córdoba, respectively, for two spots in next year's Argentine First Division. Argentinos Juniors remains in the top category after drawing with Huracán twice. Olimpo, however, were relegated to Nacional B after losing twice to Belgrano.
Torneo Clausura (""Closing"" Tournament).
Relegation.
"Promoción" playoff.
Argentinos Juniors remains in the Argentine First Division after a 3 - 3 aggegate tie by virtue of a "sports advantage". In case of a tie in goals, the team from the First Division gets to stay in it.
<br>
Belgrano de Córdoba wins 4-2 and is promoted to Argentine First Division. Olimpo de Bahia Blanca is relegated to the Argentine Nacional B.
National team.
This section covers Argentina's matches from August 1, 2005 to July 31, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2865021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865021" title="Tania Mallet">
Tania Mallet

Tania Mallet, born on 19 May 1941 in Blackpool, Lancashire, England, is an English model and actress who is best known for her appearance as Tilly Masterson in the James Bond film "Goldfinger" (1964).
Mallet attended the Lucy Clayton's School Of Modelling, and started working as a model at just 16 years old in 1957, becoming one of the most recognisable and famous models of the late 1950s and early 1960s.
According to Mallet, she got the part of Tilly Masterson when someone sent a photo of her in a bikini to Bond producer Cubby Broccoli. The character was killed off during the film when Oddjob (Harold Sakata) hurled his steel rimmed hat at her. [http://www.jamesbondmm.co.uk/bond-girls/tania-mallet]
Mallet grabbed Broccoli's attention before "Goldfinger": she was tested for the lead Bond girl role, Tatiana Romanova in "From Russia with Love". Even though her mother is Russian, Mallet did not get the Russian role supposedly because of her provincial British accent. This is ironic however considering that the Italian actress Daniela Bianchi, who eventually played Tatiana, had her voice redubbed anyway.
Despite the film's phenomenal success, "Goldfinger" would be Mallet's only major big screen appearance. Mallet cited two reasons for returning to modelling and turning down all further film offers: firstly she did not like the restrictions imposed on her personal freedom when she was under contract during the film, and secondly, she said the money was "dreadful". She was initially offered £50 a week, and managed to increase her fee to £150 a week after tough negotiations, a fee that she was easily earning a day as a model.
Mallet currently lives in England with her second husband. She still attends autograph signings at Bond events.

</doc>
<doc id="2865024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865024" title="Linearized gravity">
Linearized gravity

Linearized gravity is an approximation scheme in general relativity in which the nonlinear contributions from the spacetime metric are ignored, simplifying the study of many problems while still producing useful approximate results. 
The method.
In linearized gravity the metric tensor, formula_1, of spacetime is treated as a sum of an exact solution of Einstein's equations (often in Minkowski spacetime) and a perturbation formula_2.
where η is the nondynamical background metric that is being perturbed about, and formula_2 represents the deviation of the true metric (g) from flat spacetime.
The perturbation is treated using the methods of perturbation theory, "linearized" by ignoring all terms of order higher than one (quadratic in formula_2, cubic in formula_2 etc...) in the perturbation.
Applications.
The Einstein field equations (EFE), being nonlinear in the metric, are difficult to solve exactly and the above perturbation scheme allows linearised Einstein field equations to be obtained. These equations are linear in the metric, and the sum of two solutions of the linearized EFE is also a solution. The idea of 'ignoring the nonlinear part' is thus encapsulated in this linearization procedure. 
The method is used to derive the Newtonian limit, including the first corrections, much like for a derivation of the existence of gravitational waves that led, after quantization, to gravitons. This is why the conceptual approach of linearized gravity is the canonical one in particle physics, string theory, and more generally quantum field theory where classical (bosonic) fields are expressed as coherent states of particles.
This approximation is also known as the weak-field approximation as it is only valid for "h" very small.
Weak-field approximation.
In a weak-field approximation, the gauge symmetry is associated with diffeomorphisms with small "displacements" (diffeomorphisms with large displacements obviously violate the weak field approximation), which has the exact form (for infinitesimal transformations)
Where formula_8 is the Lie derivative and we used the fact that η does not transform (by definition). Note that we are raising and lowering the indices with respect to η and not g and taking the covariant derivatives (Levi-Civita connection) with respect to η. This is the standard practice in linearized gravity. The way of thinking in linearized gravity is this: the background metric η is the metric and h is a field propagating over the spacetime with this metric.
In the weak field limit, this gauge transformation simplifies to
The weak-field approximation is useful in finding the values of certain constants, for example in the Einstein field equations and in the Schwarzschild metric.
Linearised Einstein field equations.
The linearised Einstein field equations (linearised EFE) are an approximation to Einstein's field equations that is valid for a weak gravitational field and is used to simplify many problems in general relativity and to discuss the phenomena of gravitational radiation. The approximation can also be used to derive Newtonian gravity as the weak-field approximation of Einsteinian gravity.
The equations are obtained by assuming the spacetime metric is only slightly different from some baseline metric (usually a Minkowski metric). Then the difference in the metrics can be considered as a field on the baseline metric, whose behaviour is approximated by a set of linear equations.
Derivation for the Minkowski metric.
Starting with the metric for a spacetime in the form
where formula_11 is the Minkowski metric and formula_12 — sometimes written as formula_13 — is the deviation of formula_14 from it. formula_2 must be negligible compared to formula_16: formula_17 (and similarly for all derivatives of formula_2). Then one ignores all products of formula_2 (or its derivatives) with formula_2 or its derivatives (equivalent to ignoring all terms of higher order than 1 in formula_21). It is further assumed in this approximation scheme that all indices of h and its derivatives are raised and lowered with formula_16.
The metric h is clearly symmetric, since g and η are. The consistency condition formula_23 shows that 
The Christoffel symbols can be calculated as
where formula_26, and this is used to calculate the Riemann tensor:
Using formula_29 gives
For Ricci scalar we have:
Then the linearized Einstein equations are
or 
Or, equivalently:
With a coordinate condition.
If one uses the Lorentz invariant harmonic coordinate condition
then the last form above of the linearized Einstein equation simplifies to
Applications.
The linearised EFE are used primarily in the theory of gravitational radiation, where the gravitational field far from the source is approximated by these equations. 

</doc>
<doc id="2865030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865030" title="Jardin d'Acclimatation">
Jardin d'Acclimatation

The Jardin d'Acclimatation () is a children's amusement park with a zoo, the Exploradôme museum, and other attractions located in the northern part of the Bois de Boulogne, in Paris.
History.
Opened on 6 October 1860 by Napoléon III and Empress Eugénie, the "Jardin d'Acclimatation de Paris" or the "Jardin Zoologique d'Acclimatation" as it was first called was a Paris zoo. It was directed by Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, son of the naturalist Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, until his death in 1861.
During the Siege of Paris (1870-1871), many of the animals in the zoo were cooked and served by chef Alexandre Étienne Choron.
From 1877 until 1912, the Jardin Zoologique d'Acclimatation was converted to "l'Acclimatation Anthropologique". In mid-colonialism, the curiosity of Parisians was attracted to the customs and lifestyles of foreign peoples. Nubians, Bushmen, Zulus and many other African peoples were "exhibited" in a human zoo. The exhibitions were a huge success. The number of visitors to the Jardin doubled, reaching the million mark.
A miniature road system for children operated by the Paris police was removed in 2008.
Attractions.
The park includes an archery range, house of mirrors, miniature-golf course, narrow-gauge train, pony ride, puppet theater, shooting galleries, a science museum (the Exploradôme), and an art museum for children (the Musée en Herbe).

</doc>
<doc id="2865043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865043" title="Wimpkiller">
Wimpkiller

Wimpkiller is a zine published by Michael Rice and Dave Rupert. Founded in a Houston suburb some time between 1989 and 2002 as a self-published print zine, "Wimpkiller"'s popularity quickly spread beyond Houston to develop reader bases in Austin, TX, Durham, NC, Europe and Japan.
The name.
A common question from new readers is where "Wimpkiller" acquired its unusual - and violent - name. The publishers found a t-shirt in a thrift store with "Wimp Killer" printed on the front. They found it amusing enough to name their zine after.
Internet.
As the Internet became a popular and accessible publishing platform, "Wimpkiller" was a vanguard of the migration from print to online publishing. "Wimpkiller" currently exists as an Internet-only publication.
Along with its zine format, "Wimpkiller" is also the home of the links of Wimpkillers' Blogs, and the Wimpkiller Bulletin Board, an area where all of the "Wimpkillers" can communicate about subjects ranging from the very popular "Word Association" threads, announcements of special events, and asking other Wimpkillers for help moving.

</doc>
<doc id="2865051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865051" title="Decommissioning">
Decommissioning

Decommissioning is a general term for a formal process to remove something from an active status. Specific instances include:

</doc>
<doc id="2865056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865056" title="Niklas Sundin">
Niklas Sundin

Niklas Sundin (born August 13, 1974 in Sweden), is a musician best known as the guitarist of bands Dark Tranquillity and Laethora. He is one of only two members (the other being drummer Anders Jivarp) to maintain a role as guitarist of Dark Tranquillity, unlike others in the band who have switched their roles or are not in the band anymore. He also wrote some of the lyrics for the first three and recent two Dark Tranquillity albums (since "Projector" and until "Fiction" lead singer, Mikael Stanne, has written all of Dark Tranquillity's lyrics) and In Flames' album "The Jester Race", and continued to translate In Flames vocalist Anders Fridén's lyrics from Swedish to English for the next few albums while Anders worked to become more proficient in English. 
Sundin is also the founder of Cabin Fever Media, which among other things creates artwork for metal bands. He recently published a book of independent artwork and sketches. He has done album layouts for bands such as In Flames, Eternal Tears of Sorrow, Meridian Dawn, Arch Enemy, Nightrage, Sentenced, Kryptos, and Fragments of Unbecoming, as well as his own bands.
Equipment.
His main guitars are Gibson Faded SG, Gibson 1983 Flying V, and an Ibanez IC400; he also uses a custom J. Nunis SC1, 2 Gibson Les Pauls (Standard and Gothic), and a Fender Talon I. He previously used Rocktron Chameleon rack mounted pre-amplifiers, but after the "Damage Done" tour, he and Martin Henriksson began using Peavey 5150 and Mesa/Boogie Dual Rectifier amplifiers along with Behringer V-AMP 2 modeling processors. In the making of We Are the Void, they are seen in the studio using a Peavey 6505, a ENGL Powerball, as well as a Bugera amplifier. . He also endorses Mayones Guitars & Basses.

</doc>
<doc id="2865059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865059" title="Tiksi Airport">
Tiksi Airport

Tiksi Aerodrome is located 1 km (0.6 mi) northeast of Tiksi, Russia and was built in the 1950s as a staging base for Soviet Long Range Aviation bombers to reach the United States (as a so-called 'bounce' airdrome). It is used regularly by Tupolev Tu-95 aircraft in military exercises, including one in 1999, in which bombers practice travelling to the Canadian arctic. Two other nearby airfields known as Tiksi North and Tiksi West have been abandoned for decades, and are probable unusable according to satellite imagery.
According to Farecompare.com, a total of 50 daily seats are flown into Tiksi Airport everyday. The only scheduled service to Tiksi is by an Antonov An-24 turboprop airplane.
2012 closure.
The airport was closed without notice on October 1, 2012 by its owner, the Defense Ministry, due to the runway being unsafe and needing repair work. The closure was not coordinated with local or state government. Though the city was connected by winter roads, the loss of air service impaired the delivery of medicines, foods and other essential goods, and in February 2013 boilers in the city went out of service for an extended period. The issue rose to the highest levels of Russian government. Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev said in April 2013 "the Ministry of Defense committed a real mistake to jeopardize the existence of an entire village. This is an outrage.". Negotiations between the Defense Ministry and Yakutia government led to an agreement to Antonov An-24 service starting in June 2013. Reconstruction of the runway in several phases is scheduled for 2013 with completion by about 2015 or 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="2865060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865060" title="Egon Bahr">
Egon Bahr

Egon Karl-Heinz Bahr (born 18 March 1922) is a German SPD politician.
The former journalist was the creator of the "Ostpolitik" promoted by West German Chancellor Willy Brandt, for whom he served as Secretary of the Prime Minister's Office from 1969 until 1972. Between 1972 and 1990 he was an MP in the Bundestag of the Federal Republic of Germany and from 1972 until 1976 was also a Minister of the Federal Government.
Bahr was a key figure in multiple negotiation sessions between not only East and West Germany, but also Germany and the Soviets. In addition to his instrumental role in Ostpolitik, Bahr was also an influential voice in negotiating the Treaty of Moscow, the Treaty of Warsaw, the Transit Treaty of 1971, and the Basic Treaty of 1972.
As a politician, Bahr understood himself as motivated by a sense of maintaining "the national integrity" of Germany as a whole as much as possible.
Life and career.
After completing his secondary education in 1940, Bahr continued his education as an industrial specialist at the Rheinmetall-Borsig armament corporation in Berlin. During World War II, Bahr served as a soldier in the Wehrmacht from 1942 until 1944, ultimately in the capacity of “Fahnenjunker” (cadet) in the Luftkriegsschule VI in Kitzingen. He was, however, demoted after being accused of being non-Aryan (on account of his Jewish grandmother) and, thus, having “snuck into the Wehrmacht”. Thereafter, he received a posting as an armaments worker at Rheinmetall-Borsig.
After the war, Bahr worked as a journalist at the "Berliner Zeitung", one of Berlin’s prominent daily newspapers. He later worked at two other Berliner periodicals, the "Allgemeine Zeitung" (Berlin) and "Der Tagesspiegel" (Berlin). From 1950 to 1960, he served as chief commentator of the Bonn bureau of RIAS, (“" Rundfunk im amerikanischen Sektor"”, or “Broadcasting in the American Sector”). In 1959, he received his posting as press attaché to the German Embassy in Ghana. From 1984 to 1994, Bahr served as the Director of the Institute for Peace Research and Security Policy at the University of Hamburg, from which he received an honorary professorship in 1984.
Bahr is married and has three children.
Political affiliation.
Bahr has been a member of the SPD since 1956. From 1976 until 1981, he served as executive director ("Bundesgeschäftsführer") of the SPD. During his tenure in that position, Bahr drew attention amid the uproar surrounding the expulsion of Klaus Uwe Benneter, who at that time had been serving as the Federal Chairman of Jusos ("JungsozialistInnen in der SPD", or “Young Socialists in the SPD”. Benneter had piqued much political ire by expressing the view that the German Communist Party could be a potential coalition partner for the SPD, a statement that put the status of the youth organization into jeopardy.
Member of the Bundestag.
Bahr served from 1972 until 1990 as a member of the German Bundestag. He was directly elected in 1976 and 1980 as the representative of the Schleswig-Flensburg electoral district; in the remaining elections, he was elected as part of he SPD’s party list. Bahr also served as chairman of the Sub-Committee for Disarmament and Arms Control.
Other public offices.
From 1960 to 1966, Bahr was the head of the Press and Information Office for the Land of Berlin (at that time, West Berlin). In that capacity, Bahr served as the spokesman for the Senate of Berlin, which was led at that time by Mayor Willy Brandt. From 1966 to 1969, Bahr served as an ambassador and as Ministerial Director of the Planning Staff of the German Foreign Office ("Auswärtiges Amt").
Bahr is considered to have been one of the most important and most influential advisors of Willy Brandt, especially with respect to the latter’s policy of Ostpolitik (“Eastern Policy”, also known as “‘’Entspannungspolitik’’”, the German equivalent of "détente").
Following the West German federal election of 1969, Bahr became Secretary of State of the German Chancellery as well as "Bevollmächtigter" (“commissioner” or “appointed representative”) of the Federal Cabinet of Germany in Berlin. It was in this capacity that Bahr served as an emissary and negotiator with Moscow with respect to the Treaty of Moscow, the Treaty of Warsaw, as well as the Transit Treaty of 1971 and the Basic Treaty of 1972 that were concluded with the German Democratic Republic. On the basis of his success in guiding these treaties to successful conclusion, Bahr is often referred to as “Architect of the Eastern Treaties”. He is also credited with two of the Brandt government’s most influential mottos describing West Germany’s relationship with the German Democratic Republic, “"Wandel durch Annäherung"” ("change through rapprochement") and “"Politik der kleinen Schritte"” (“policy of small steps”).
With respect to Ostpolitik, Bahr's field of work was mostly behind the curtains to prepare treaties. This secrecy was broken once, however. Bahr was in Moscow holding talks with Gromyko, and materials from these talks found their way, via an unknown leak, to the tabloid newspaper Bild. On July 1, 1970, they appeared in two issues. This unauthorized publication became known as the "Bahr Paper".
Following Willy Brandt’s resignation of the Chancellery, Bahr also relinquished his position in the cabinet. He was, however, reappointed by Brandt’s successor, Helmut Schmidt (SPD), to the Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development. On 14 December 1976, following the federal elections that had taken place two months earlier, Bahr left his position in the Federal Government permanently.
Other political activities and initiatives.
In 1980, Bahr became a member of the Independent Commission for Disarmament and Security under the chairmanship of Swedish politician Olof Palme. The Commission published its findings in a 1982 report titled “Common Security”. Among the report’s recommendations was the concept of a nuclear-free corridor in Central Europe.
Bahr went on to publish various writings about the future of German foreign policy following the end of the Cold War (see “Publications” below). He advocated among other things for Europe and Germany to exercise greater influence in the world in the context of a “civilizing force” (“"Zivilmacht""). In 1991, Bahr promoted discussion of the creation of a potential German peace corps.
In an interview with the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" in 2005, Bahr confessed that, as a teenager, he had felt a “certain pride” that Poland, France, Denmark, and Norway had been conquered so quickly by the German Wehrmacht. According to a book by German politicians Bernhard and Hans-Jochen Vogel, Bahr reportedly said at the beginning of November 1989, “For heaven’s sake, let’s stop dreaming and blathering about German unity”; the Berlin Wall fell only days later on 9 November 1989.
Selected honors.
In 1973, Bahr was awarded the Bundesverdienstkreuz (“Federal Cross of Merit”). He was also named an honorary citizen of Berlin in 2002. In 2007, Bahr was honored with the Willy Brandt Prize by the German-Norwegian Willy-Brandt-Foundation and in 2008 with both the Göttingen Peace Prize and the Marion Dönhoff Preis. Bahr also received an honorary doctorate in 2008 from the Internationales Hochschulinstitut Zittau in recognition of his service to the process of unifying Europe. In January 2010, he received the Order of Merit (‘’Verdienstorden’’) by the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

</doc>
<doc id="2865082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865082" title="Fusion rules">
Fusion rules

In mathematics and theoretical physics, fusion rules are rules that determine the exact decomposition of the tensor product of two representations of a group into a direct sum of irreducible representations. The term is often used in the context of conformal field theory where the relevant group is generated by the Virasoro algebra, the relevant representations are the conformal families associated with a primary field and the tensor product is realized by operator product expansions. The fusion rules contain the information about the kind of families that appear on the right hand side of these OPEs, including the multiplicities.
More generally, integrable models in 2 dimensions which aren't conformal field theories are also described by fusion rules for their charges.
References.
http://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-th/9306162v2.pdf, Fusion rules in confomal field theory, J. Fuchs

</doc>
<doc id="2865090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865090" title="P. H. Talbot">
P. H. Talbot

Lieutenant Commander P. H. Talbot was the first captain of the USS Helm in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="2865100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865100" title="Conformal family">
Conformal family

In theoretical physics, a conformal family is an irreducible representation of the Virasoro algebra. In most cases, it is uniquely determined by its primary field or a highest weight vector. The family contains all of its descendent fields.

</doc>
<doc id="2865101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865101" title="Ischemic cascade">
Ischemic cascade

The ischemic (ischaemic) cascade is a series of biochemical reactions that are initiated in the brain and other aerobic tissues after seconds to minutes of ischemia (inadequate blood supply). This is typically secondary to stroke, injury, or cardiac arrest due to heart attack. Most ischemic neurons that die do so due to the activation of chemicals produced during and after ischemia. The ischemic cascade usually goes on for two to three hours but can last for days, even after normal blood flow returns. 
A cascade is a series of events in which one event triggers the next, in a linear fashion. Thus "ischemic cascade" is actually a misnomer, since in it events are not always linear: in some cases they are circular, and sometimes one event can cause or be caused by multiple events. In addition, cells receiving different amounts of blood may go through different chemical processes. Despite these facts, the ischemic cascade can be generally characterized as follows:
Mitigation of effects.
The fact that the ischemic cascade involves a number of steps has led doctors to suspect that neuroprotectants such as calcium channel blockers or glutamate antagonists could be produced to interrupt the cascade at a single one of the steps, blocking the downstream effects. Though initial trials for such neuroprotective drugs led many to be hopeful, until recently, human clinical trials with neuroprotectants such as NMDA receptor antagonists were unsuccessful. 
On October 7, 2003, a U.S. patent number 6630507 entitled "Cannabinoids as Antioxidants and Neuroprotectants" was awarded to the United States Department of Health and Human Services, based on research carried out at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), and the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS). This patent claims that cannabinoids are "useful in the treatment and prophylaxis of wide variety of oxidation associated diseases such as ischemia, inflammatory ... and autoimmune diseases. The cannabinoids are found to have particular application as neuroprotectants, for example in limiting neurological damage following ischemic insults, such as stroke and trauma..."
On November 17, 2011, in accordance with 35 U.S.C. 209(c)(1) and 37 CFR part 404.7(a)(1)(i), the National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, published in the Federal Register, that it is contemplating the grant of an exclusive patent license to practice the invention embodied in U.S. Patent 6,630,507, entitled “Cannabinoids as antioxidants and neuroprotectants” and PCT Application Serial No. PCT/US99/08769 and foreign equivalents thereof, entitled “Cannabinoids as antioxidants and neuroprotectants” Ref. No. E-287-1997/2 to KannaLife Sciences Inc., which has offices in New York, U.S. This patent and its foreign counterparts have been assigned to the Government of the United States of America. The prospective exclusive license territory may be worldwide, and the field of use may be limited to: The development and sale of cannabinoid(s) and cannabidiol(s) based therapeutics as antioxidants and neuroprotectants for use and delivery in humans, for the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy, as claimed in the Licensed Patent Rights.

</doc>
<doc id="2865104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865104" title="Grupo Desportivo de Basquete de Leça">
Grupo Desportivo de Basquete de Leça

Grupo Desportivo de Basquete de Leça (GDBL) is a Portuguese basketball club, based in Leça da Palmeira.

</doc>
<doc id="2865107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865107" title="Used &amp; Abused In Live We Trust">
Used &amp; Abused In Live We Trust

Used and Abused: In Live We Trust is a DVD release by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames, released on June 18, 2005. It was also released in a limited edition 2 CD/ 2 DVD boxset.
DVD Disc 2.
Unused Footage.
During the Hammersmith performance In Flames also performed: "Clayman," "Only For The Weak," and "Episode 666" which are not included on the DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="2865109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865109" title="Clyde Wilson">
Clyde Wilson

Clyde Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865115" title="Godwin Okpara">
Godwin Okpara

Godwin Okpara (born September 20, 1972 in Obaku, Imo) is a former football defender. Capped for Nigeria, he was part of the team that participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup, 2000 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Okpara was outstanding at the 1989 U-17 World Championship, and moved to Belgian club Beerschot. After some years of relative success playing for Eendracht Aalst, for instance winning the Belgian Ebony Shoe, he moved to play in France for RC Strasbourg and Paris SG. His second season in the latter club was miserable, making him return to Belgium and Standard Liège. Okpara retired after the 2003-04 season.
Prison.
In August 2005, Okpara was arrested by French police on charges of raping his 13 year-old adopted daughter. He was found guilty and imprisoned in June 2007 for 10 years. His wife, Linda Okpara, accused of torture on the same person has been condemned to 15 years in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="2865119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865119" title="Juicebox">
Juicebox

Juicebox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865133" title="Balaka">
Balaka

Balaka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865135" title="Hangars Liquides">
Hangars Liquides

Hangars Liquides, also known as HL, is a French electronic label. It was created by La Peste (aka Laurent Mialon) in 1998. Initially Hangars Liquides was Speedcore-oriented but was quickly categorized as experimental music within the hardcore techno scene. HL quickly gained a very good reputation and has been played around the world in many different music scenes: industrial, noise, techno, acousmatic, hardcore, electronica, ambient and post rock. 
Releasing artists such as I:gor and Neurocore from Poland, Senical (aka DJ choose) from Denmark, Bombardier from the USA, Noize Creator from Germany, Venetian Snares from Canada, Jan Robbe from Belgium, and French artists such as Al Zheimer, XKV8, Helius Zhamiq, Fist of Fury, Attila, EPC, La Peste and more, the label became a reference in itself: a lot of electronic music tracks from other labels have been described as having a "Hangars Liquides sound" or "Hangars Liquides style". 
s
Since 2000, the label has released many different genres from acousmatic music to power electronics and flashcore.
Flashcore identifies a style that some of those experimental artists share and a manifesto explains the aim of HL's vision of experimental music.
Hangars Liquides also started to produce multimedia since 2001 when computer graphic artist Djehan Kidd joined the label to produce new media designed especially for the music.
The label has a streaming radio as a way to diffuse its new creations, the creations are also used in virtual reality worlds to produce an immersive gestalt listening experience for the visitors.
Artistic Directions taken by the label overtime.
After the year 2000, the label's artistic direction became very electroacoustic and acousmatic oriented, with a big influence from the likes of musicians like Bernard Parmegiani and Francois Bayle.
New media used by the label.
Since 2007 Hangars Liquides has become a non profit organization, its corporate status is to help "create, produce and diffuse any kind of art" through cutting edge mediums that can be found within the range of softwares used for mediated realities (Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality), it has become an important content creator for providing immersive audiovisual experiences through Virtual Reality's leading platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="2865140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865140" title="1965 in art">
1965 in art


</doc>
<doc id="2865146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865146" title="Ann Lowdon Call">
Ann Lowdon Call

Ann Lowdon Call (1945–2007) was a horsewoman and was the 2005 AQHA Select World Champion in Pleasure Driving. She was inducted into the National Cowgirl Hall of Fame in 2005.
Call was born to Robert and Maria Lowdon in Chicago, Illinois on May 30, 1945. She wasn't born in Texas but often said she got there as quickly as she could. She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a major in physical education and Spanish. In 1971 she earned a master's degree in guidance and counseling from Brigham Young University. She married Rodger L. Call in 1970. They have two children, Katri and Rob.
Call began showing Palominos with her family in 1985, and she won the High Point Amateur Award at the Palomino World Championships in 1986. She began to show American Quarter Horses in the late 1980s. Call had been diagnosed with juvenile diabetes as a child, and in the 1990s she lost both of her legs to the disease. However, she continued to show Quarter Horses in pleasure driving. Call won the AQHA Reserve Champion Pleasure Driving award almost every year between 1998 and her death in 2007, and she was awarded the Select World Championship in 2005 and 2006, as well as being the Reserve High Point Pleasure Driving Amateur in 2006.
She died July 3, 2007, from complications of diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="2865150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865150" title="Plaquette">
Plaquette

Plaquette is a french word meaning small plaque, especially small relief sculptures in bronze or other materials, often made to be hung on walls. These were popular in the Italian Renaissance and later. They have always been closely related to the medal, and many awards today are in the form of plaquettes. The so-called death penny (the Memorial Plaque) minted after World War I is a twentieth-century example.
Plaquette bindings are leather bookbindings that incorporate plaquettes in gesso.

</doc>
<doc id="2865151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865151" title="Tau Gamma Phi">
Tau Gamma Phi

Tau Gamma Phi (ΤΓΦ) also known as the Triskelions' Grand Fraternity, is a Fraternity established in the Philippines. Its members call themselves Triskelions.Their aims are to see a Fraternity System devoid of violence in lieu of the rampant violence pervading the university campus at the time of its founding, to avoid elitism if they can, and to earnestly propagate their fraternity's principles as their way of life. Based on these goals, the Triskelions categorized their formal group as a 'protest fraternity'. The Fraternity encourages its members to strive for spiritual growth and to organise socio-civic activities for the benefit of communities. The Fraternity believes that it must forge its members to embody qualities of leadership, commitment, persistence, trust, integrity, respect, and vision for them to achieve academic success and personal development. The Tau Gamma Phi is now one of the largest fraternities in the Philippines with about 800,000 registered members Its counterpart is called Tau Gamma Sigma (ΤΓΣ) also known as the Triskelions' Grand Sorority.
The Triskelion Alumni Organization (TAO) is the umbrella organization for all its alumni members. The TAO has established close-knit enclaves in the United States of America, the Middle East and some countries in Europe.
The Triskelion Radio was set up by capable Triskelions, and it is probably the first ever fraternity and sorority on-line radio station in the Philippines.
Founding.
The fraternal organization, originally known as the Order of the U.P. Triskelions, was founded on October 4, 1968 by four Arts and Science students from the University of the Philippines in the Diliman campus, Quezon City, Philippines. The group swelled in ranks and gained recognition when the Greek-lettered name Tau Gamma Phi was adopted. A few years later, chapters from other college and university campuses in the Philippines were organized.
Martial law era.
When Martial Law was declared on September 21, 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, the Fraternity and other organizations became the target of military harassment, believing that these fraternities and school organizations posed a threat to the order and stability of the Marcos regime. Ostensibly due to its leftist leanings the Tau Gamma Phi Fraternity's office was raided under an Arrest-Search and Seizure Order signed by then Secretary of Defense Juan Ponce Enrile.
With Martial Law forestalling most of its fraternal activities, the Triskelions looked for a pragmatic solution to the problem of continuous decline in recruitment. In the 1975 general assembly facilitated by the Metro Manila Regional Council under Bro. Ramoncito “Monching" Ocampo as Secretary General, it was voted to tap the younger generations in the High School sector. This gave birth to the Junior Tau Gamma Phi founded at San Beda College - High School department, where Bro. Boyet Gorospe was one of the founders.
Triskelion Youth Movement.
True to its objective of veering away from the elitist orientation of the fraternity system, the Tau Gamma Phi and later on also the Tau Gamma Sigma, decided to open its doors to aspiring youth in the community through the Triskelion Youth Movement (T.Y.M.), so that they too, who temporarily stopped pursuing higher education to continue their chosen vocation, may also share in the glory of the Tau Gamma Phi and Tau Gamma Sigma. Another milestone in fraternity or sorority history. Again conceptualized and conceived by the Fraternity's Metro Manila Regional Council through the charismatic leadership of then Secretary-General Bro. Monching Ocampo.
As Triskelions they also persevered to preserve the fraternity's existence during its trying times. Numerous notable Triskelion alumni actually started their Fraternal Journey in the T.Y.M.
Recent Incidents.
On June 30, 2014, Tau Gamma Phi members were allegedly involved in a fatal hazing incident that killed second-year Hotel and Restaurant Management student Guillo Servando of De La Salle-College of St. Benilde (DLS-CSB), 18. An autopsy report of St. Harold Funeral Parlor said he died of injuries in the back and legs. 

</doc>
<doc id="2865153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865153" title="Ronald Inglehart">
Ronald Inglehart

In the seventies Inglehart began developing an influential theory of intergenerational value change from materialist to post-materialist values that helped shape the Eurobarometer Surveys, the World Values Surveys and other cross-national survey projects. Building on this work, he subsequently developed a revised version of Modernization theory, Evolutionary Modernization Theory, which argues that economic development, welfare state institutions and the long peace between major powers since 1945, are reshaping human motivations in ways that have important implications concerning gender roles, sexual norms, the role of religion, economic behavior and the spread of democracy.
Writings.
Ronald Inglehart's numerous writings have been extremely influential, and have since been translated and published in German, Italian, Spanish, French, Swedish, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Polish, Croatian, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Persian, Urdu and Indonesian. Below are brief descriptions of some of his most influential works:
"The Silent Revolution".
In "The Silent Revolution" (1977) Inglehart discovered a major intergenerational shift in the values of the populations of advanced industrial societies. In his 1989 book "Culture Shift in Advanced Industrial Society" Inglehart uses a large body of time-series survey data from twenty-six nations gathered from 1970 through 1988 to analyze the cultural changes that are occurring as younger generations gradually replace older ones in the adult population. These changes have far-reaching political implications, and they seem to be transforming the economic growth rates of societies and the kind of economic development that is pursued. Economic, technological, and sociopolitical changes have been changing the cultures of advanced industrial societies during the past several decades. Inglehart examines changes in religious beliefs, work motivation, political conflict, attitudes toward children and families, and attitudes toward divorce, abortion, and homosexuality.
"Culture Shift in Advanced Industrial Society".
"Culture Shift in Advanced Industrial Society" (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1990). Economic, technological, and sociopolitical changes have been transforming the cultures of advanced industrial societies in profoundly important ways during the past few decades. This ambitious work examines changes in religious beliefs, in motives for work, in the issues that give rise to political conflict, in the importance people attach to having children and families, and in attitudes toward divorce, abortion, and homosexuality. Ronald Inglehart's earlier book, The Silent Revolution (Princeton, 1977), broke new ground by discovering a major intergenerational shift in the values of the populations of advanced industrial societies. This new volume demonstrates that this value shift is part of a much broader process of cultural change that is gradually transforming political, economic, and social life in these societies.
Inglehart uses a massive body of time-series survey data from twenty-six nations, gathered from 1970 through 1988, to analyze the cultural changes that are occurring as younger generations gradually replace older ones in the adult population. These changes have far-reaching political implications, and they seem to be transforming the economic growth rates of societies and the kind of economic development that is pursued.
"Modernization and Postmodernization".
In "Modernization and Postmodernization" (1997) Inglehart argued that economic development, cultural change, and political change go together in coherent and, to some extent, predictable patterns. Inglehart theorised that industrialization leads to related changes such as mass mobilization and diminishing differences in gender roles. Changes in worldviews seem to reflect changes in the economic and political environment, but take place with a generational time lag. Following industrialization, advanced industrial society leads to a basic shift in values, de-emphasizing instrumental rationality. Postmodern values then bring new societal changes, including democratic political institutions and the decline of state socialist regimes.
"Rising Tide: Gender Equality and Cultural Change Around the World".
Written with Pippa Norris, "The Rising Tide: Gender Equality and Cultural Change Around the World" (New York and Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2003) examines how the twentieth century gave rise to profound changes in traditional sex roles. This study reveals how modernization has changed cultural attitudes towards gender equality and analyzes the political consequences. It systematically compares attitudes towards gender equality worldwide, comparing almost 70 nations, ranging from rich to poor, agrarian to postindustrial. This volume is essential reading to gain a better understanding of issues in comparative politics, public opinion, political behavior, development and sociology.
"Sacred and Secular: Religion and Politics Worldwide".
Inglehart's 2004 book with Pippa Norris, "Sacred and Secular: Religion and Politics Worldwide" reexamines the secularization thesis. This book draws on a base of new evidence generated by four waves of the World Values Survey executed from 1981 to 2001 in eighty societies, covering most of the world’s major faiths. Examining religiosity from a broader perspective and in a wider range of countries than have been done before, this book argues that religiosity persists most strongly among vulnerable populations, especially those in poorer nations and in failed states, facing personal survival-threatening risks. Exposure to physical, societal and personal risks drives religiosity. Conversely, a systematic erosion of traditional religious practices, values and beliefs may have occurred among the more prosperous strata in rich nations. But at the same time, a growing proportion of the population—in both rich and poor countries—spends time thinking about the meaning and purpose of life. It is argued that in developed countries, the established churches are losing their ability to tell people how to live their lives, but spiritual concerns, broadly defined, may be becoming increasingly important.
"Modernization, Cultural Change and Democracy".
This book was written in collaboration with Christian Welzel. (New York and Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2005), This book demonstrates that people's basic values and beliefs are changing, in ways that affect their political, sexual, economic, and religious behavior. These changes are roughly predictable because they can be interpreted on the basis of a revised version of modernization theory presented here. Drawing on evidence from societies containing 85% of the world's population, the authors argue that modernization is a process of human development, in which economic development triggers cultural changes that make individual autonomy, gender equality, and democracy increasingly likely.
"Cosmopolitan Communications".
Inglehart's latest book, written with Pippa Norris. In "Cosmopolitan Communications: Cultural Diversity in a Globalized World" (New York and Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2009) he argues that societies around the world have experienced a flood of information from diverse channels originating beyond local communities and even national borders, transmitted through the rapid expansion of cosmopolitan communications. For more than half a century, conventional interpretations, Norris and Inglehart argue, have commonly exaggerated the potential threats arising from this process. A series of fire-walls protect national cultures. This book develops a new theoretical framework for understanding cosmopolitan communications and uses it to identify the conditions under which global communications are most likely to endanger cultural diversity. The authors analyze empirical evidence from both the societal level and the individual level, examining the outlook and beliefs of people in a wide range of societies. The study draws on evidence from the World Values Survey, covering 90 societies in all major regions worldwide from 1981 to 2007. The conclusion considers the implications of their findings for cultural policies.
Awards and Recognitions.
Inglehart has received the following honors:
Bibliography.
Inglehart has written more than 250 publications, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2865157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865157" title="Battle of Petrovaradin">
Battle of Petrovaradin

The Battle of Petrovaradin or Battle of Peterwardein was a decisive victory for Austrian forces in the war between Habsburg Monarchy of Austria and the Ottoman Empire (1716–1718), at Petrovaradin (then part of Military Frontier, Habsburg Monarchy; today part of Novi Sad, Vojvodina, Serbia).
History.
In 1716, Grand Vizier Damat Ali gathered a 150,000 strong Ottoman army at Belgrade, at the core of which were 40,000 Janissaries, 20,000 Sipahi, and 10,000 Tatars, together with some renegade Kuruc cavalry. They crossed the Sava at Zemun at the end of July, and moved on the right bank of the Danube towards Sremski Karlovci (in the Habsburg territory). The Tatars, with Moldavians and Kurucs drove into Transylvania, but the Transylvanian forces were no match for the Tatars.
The commander of the Austrian forces, Prince Eugene of Savoy, decided to engage the Ottomans at Petrovaradin. He had arranged for the construction of a fortified encampment within the fortress there, and set the 83,300 strong Imperial army on the march from their quarters in Futog. There was an 8,000 man garrison in the fortress consisting primarily of Serbs. In the Austrian army served Croatian and Hungarian infantry and cavalry regiments (approx. 42,000 men) and Serbian border soldiers in the Vojvodina.
On August 2, the first skirmish between the Imperial vanguard and Ottoman horsemen occurred. By the next day, the Grand Vizier had already reached Petrovaradin and immediately dispatched 30,000 Janissaries against the imperial positions. They dug saps and began to bombard the fortress.
The core of the Imperial army only crossed the Danube on the night of August 5 by two pontoon bridges after which they encamped.
The battle and its effects.
At 7 o'clock on the morning of August 5, Prince Eugene began the Austrian offensive. While the right flank under Prince Alexander von Württemberg stormed an Ottoman artillery battery, the Imperials rode into trouble in the center: deployment through the small gate of the fortress proceeded slowly. The Janissaries went on the counter-attack immediately and forced the imperial army back into the fortress. Prince Eugene sealed off the central incursion with additional troops and sent his cavalry into the Ottoman flanks, by which means they were encircled. The Grand Vizier could not manage to break the encirclement with his Sipahis nor could he regroup his troops. The Tatars even pulled back without engaging in combat.
After the defeated Ottomans were wiped out, Prince Eugene personally led his troops against the Grand Vizier's encampment. Supported by the guns of six frigates of the Danube fleet, the battle had been won by two o'clock, with the Grand Vizier himself among the slain. Barely 50,000 Ottomans returned to Belgrade. Soon, from Constantinople came a messenger from the Sultan with order of execution of Damat Ali. He is buried at the Belgrade Fortress, Kalemegdan, in tomb known as "Damad Ali Pašino Turbe".
After the war, a church commemorating this event was built on Tekije, on the hill over battlefield, and is dedicated to Our Lady of Tekije, also known as "Snowy Mary". The church is special, because it has both Catholic and Orthodox altars and both Christian denominations use it. The site is place of pilgrimage on every August 5.
After Petrovaradin, Prince Eugene turned against Timişoara (in Ottoman territory) and captured it despite great resistance and desperate attempts by the Ottomans to relieve the town. Eventually, they admitted defeat and signed a treaty with Austria and her ally Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="2865159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865159" title="Medway Gap">
Medway Gap

The Medway Gap is a topographic feature in Medway near Rochester in South East England. 
It was created when the prehistoric River Medway cut through line of chalk hills now known as the North Downs; other rivers such as the Darent and the Stour have similar features. 
Its past significance as a means of travel is indicated by the prehistoric Medway megaliths in the area. Today a local rail route and a relatively major road (the A228) utilise the valley. The river here is bridged by the M2 motorway and High Speed 1 viaducts.
It also has the effect of creating local weather patterns, thereby frequently exhibiting opposite conditions to the surrounding countryside.
It is also used by local government to refer to the series of small towns north west of Maidstone, within Tonbridge and Malling such as Aylesford, East Malling, Eccles, Larkfield, Leybourne, Snodland and West Malling

</doc>
<doc id="2865172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865172" title="Saulius Štombergas">
Saulius Štombergas

Saulius Štombergas (born December 14, 1973) is a retired Lithuanian basketball player who played and for the Lithuanian men's national basketball team. He is currently unemployed.
During the 11 years as a Lithuanian international he played 97 official games and scored 1036 points for his home country. He won two Bronze medals at the Olympic Games in 1996 and 2000, a Silver medal at the European Championship in Athens and as a captain of the NT became champion of the same competition in 2003 in Sweden.
S.Štombergas is one of the greatest Lithuanian basketball players of all time and is also considered a great team leader and managed to play very well under pressure at the end of the games. He was also known for his 3-point shooting abilities.
Awards/achievements.
His former teams in the order in which he played for them:
Atletas (Kaunas), Vostok Shanghai (China), Žalgiris Kaunas, Kinder Bologna, TAU Cerámica, Efes Pilsen, BC UNICS, Ülkerspor.

</doc>
<doc id="2865173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865173" title="George Bourne">
George Bourne

George Bourne (1780–1845) was a 19th-century American abolitionist and editor credited as the first public proclaimer of "immediate emancipation without compensation" of American slaves.
Life.
George was born on June 13, 1780 in Westbury, Wiltshire, England. In 1804 he migrated thto New York and became the editor and co-owner of the "Baltimore Daily Gazette" in 1806. He migrated in 1810 to Virginia and became a Presbyterian minister. In 1816, he wrote and printed at home The Book and Slavery Irreconcilable by a citizen of Virginia. In his journalistic career, he wrote over twenty-two books including biographies of Rev John Wesley and Napoleon Bonaparte. His book on Thomas Jefferson and his Presidency has been lost. He was one of the founders of the American Anti-Slavery Society and worked fervently at developing an American Protestant alliance of churches. He also was the editor of various publications dealing with anti-slavery and poperism most notably the "Christian Intelligencer" at the time of his death in New York City on November 20, 1845.
Ancestry.
George Bourne descended from an ancestral line embracing some of the names illustrious as martyrs and confessors in the first annals of the Reformation and the era succeeding, and to be early placed under decided religious influences, and among favorable religious associations. His father, Samuel Bourne, was for thirty years a deacon of the Congregational Church at Westbury. His mother’s name was Mary Rogers, a lineal descendant of John Rogers, the Proto-martyr in the reign of persecuting Queen Mary, and who was the gifted translator and editor of the Bible which he published under the nom de plume of “Thomas Matthews” supplementing and completing the work of Tyndale and Coverdale.
His maternal grandmother was Mary Cotton, daughter of Rowland Cotton, physical doctor of Warminster and preacher at Horningsham, son of Seaborn Cotton and Prudence Wade, who was son of Rev John Cotton, the first Puritan minister of Boston. On his father’s side, he reckoned the martyr James Johnston, who suffered death at the Cross of Glasgow, in 1684, in defense of “Covenant and work of Reformation,” at the time of the bloody Anglican persecution against the Presbyterians of Scotland.
Early years.
He studied at the seminary at Homerton, London. Being a staunch Nonconformist, and inclined in favor of a republican form of government, he wrote articles which attracted attention, even of the cabinet ministry of that day. He took part in the growing discussions regarding slavery and slave-trade, along with the Wilberforces, Clarksons, Buxtons, and their compeers.
Marriage.
In the year 1802 he paid a visit to the United States to ascertain for himself the propriety of making this the field for ministerial labors. Notably he wrote "Cursory Remarks of the United States of America" which is in the Library of Congress. He determined to return and settle here, believing that in this favored land greater freedom of conscience and liberty could be enjoyed than in England. At that time Dissenters were still compelled to use the clergy of the Church of England for certain services. After his return to England, he married Mary Stibbs Bath, Somerset. She to belong to the congregation of the Rev William Jay. ...They were married in St James’ Church, in Bristol, September 6, 1804, and shortly after sailed for New York. While here in 1805 he met the notorious scoffer, Thomas Paine, at the house of a bookseller in Maiden Lane, in which interview he obtained from Paine the confession of his motives, and of his capacity for writing his infamous attacks on Christianity, which was recently republished in the “Christian Advocate.” Bourne's first settlement was at Baltimore, where also for some years he edited the Baltimore "Daily Gazette."
A Citizen of Virginia, the beginnings of ministry.
About the year 1809, he removed to New Glasgow, Virginia, and thence to Port Republic, Virginia, where the first Presbyterian church built in that town was erected. He afterward removed to Harrisonburg, Rockingham County, Virginia, where he originated and became Secretary of the Religious Tract Society, and witnessed the system of American slavery. Believing himself ordained to preach the truth, he failed not to denounce the evils of the system publicly and privately. His steadfast opposition to the system of slavery was a constant offense to the slave-owners, who determined to get him away from Virginia. He was the object of persistent persecution.
Censorship by the Presbyterian Church.
In 1815, he presented an overture to the General Assembly raising the question of whether Presbyterians who owned slaves could be Christians. The Assembly refused to act. Upon his return home to Harrisonburg, his presbytery voted his deposition from the ministry, i.e., de-frocking: removal from the ministry, sometimes known as "the right boot of fellowship."
In 1816, he published "The Book and Slavery Irreconcilable", the most critical American anti-slavery book of its day. The theological importance of the book was that Bourne identified slaveholding as a sin. In his protest in 1815, he had cited I Timothy 1:10, which links whoremongers and man-stealers. The Westminster Larger Catechism (1647) cites this verse (A. 142) in listing crimes against the Ten Commandments. This document has been one of the three official standards of American Presbyterianism from its formation in 1720.
The 1816 General Assembly retroactively removed this reference from his protest on procedural grounds. The reason for this was that the revision in the Church's "Constitution" (1806) had added a detailed critique of man-stealing, but this passage had never been affirmed by two-thirds of the presbyteries, as required by church law. This meant that the passage was not legally binding in a Presbyterian court. The General Assembly, whenever it specifically convenes as a court to hear a case, is the church's supreme court.
Part of the passage read: "The word he uses in its original import, comprehends all who are concerned in bringing any of the human race into slavery, or in detaining them in it. . . . Stealers of men are all those who bring off slaves or freemen, and keep, sell, or buy them. To steal a freeman, says Grotius, is the highest kind of theft." This note was eliminated in editions of the "Constitution" published after 1816.
This undercut Bourne's protest, for the Bible's man-stealing passage and the 1806 statement had been the central pillars of his formal protest and his book. He appealed again in 1817. The General Asasembly delayed making a decision. In 1818, the General Assembly upheld his presbytery's decision to de-frock him. This decision locked the largest Presbyterian denomination into official theological neutrality on the slave issue until 1866.
"The Book and Slavery Irreconcilable".
Its invectives are so keen and so pungent as to have formed the model for that style of denouncing the evils of slavery which became afterward so noted in the armory of Garrison and his friend, Wendell Phillips, and others."
Congregational Church and Lower Canada.
About the year 1824 he was called from Mount Pleasant or Sing Sing Academy to take charge of the Congregational Church just commenced at Quebec, Canada, of which he was the first pastor.
Ministry and Teachings.
"Several ably written accounts of the rise, progress and history of antislavery conflict in America have been published, but for lack of data covering the earlier presentations of that form of Antislavery known as “abolition without compensation,” or “immediate abolition,” they have failed to account for its origin. They have not explained why there was so great a change from the spirit and method of the advocates of emancipation of the era following the Revolution. It is fully time, therefore, that the persistent advocate of the doctrine of “immediate abolition without compensation,” the originator of the American Antislavery Society and conflict, should be duly noticed, more especially as it will relieve the Churches from the apprehension that the contest originated with opponents of Christianity.”
Character and abilities.
Bourne was one of the most indefatigable students and workers of his day. He was scarcely ever without pen and paper, or book, in hand, even at his meals. In addition to the constant demand on him for matter for his paper, he was incessantly preparing articles, and preparing books for the press, for the Harpers, the Appletons, and other publishers. Very few men surpassed him in the variety and extent of his literary acquirements. To great mathematical knowledge he added large attainments in philological lore, and as a linguist he ranked high.
His proficiency in the Hebrew language was shown in his preparation of the English-Hebrew portion of Roy's Hebrew Lexicon. His memory was exceedingly retentive. It was said of him that he was a living concordance, gazetteer, Bible dictionary, etc. His general style of preaching was extempore and incisive. Multitudes thronged to hear him wherever he was announced to speak upon these topics. Rev Dr W C Brownlee was wont to say, ""There are two men to whose preaching he always listened to with delight-Rev Dr Alexander and George Bourne.""
Among the books of which he was the author are the following, in addition to those referred to: Picture of Quebec, Old Friends, The Reformers, Lorette, the History of a Canadian Nun; American Textbook of Popery, and Illustrations of Popery. It was the result of forty years of study. It is the concentrated information derived from over seven hundred volumes of writings of the most noted doctors, bishops, deans, cardinals, saints, and popes of the Romish Antichurch, and of the Greek, Oriental, and English Church, and of the "Fathers" and historians of the first four centuries. It contains a chronological table
By his Picture of Slavery, and by his labors among the Methodist Churches, North, he aroused many of the Northern preachers to that enthusiasm for liberty which culminated in the division of the M E Church.
The Southern Churches regarded Bourne as an agitator, a firebrand, a disturber of their peace, and the Northern proslavery ministers and presses opposed and calumniated him with much vigor.
He was for some years acting editor of the Christian Intelligencer, the organ of the Reformed Dutch Church. On the afternoon of November 20, 1845 he died.
Funeral services.
The funeral services were held in the Middle Dutch Church, 23 November. Rev Thomas De Witt, in the course of his remarks, said of him, that like as was said of John Knox, the Scottish -Reformer, "There lies one who never feared the face of man." To use the language of another, who ardently love him—Lewis Tappan:
"Thus has fallen an intrepid advocate of human rights, with his harness on, in a vigorous old age, after a life of singular health, activity, and usefulness. His death is a severe loss to the Antislavery cause, the cause of Protestant Christianity, and the Republic of Letter.
Opinion of peers.
Testimony by William Lloyd Garrison.
As it has been so long taken for granted that Mr. Garrison was the originator and prime leader of the Antislavery conflict, I will, before giving a sketch of The Pioneer of “Antislavery” in America, present to the public a copy of a letter addressed to the writer by Mr. Garrison in 1858. It was written currente calamo, in answer to the writer of the African Civilization Society, “to promote the Christian civilization of Africa,” and “the cultivation of cotton there by free labor.” In this beautiful panegyric Mr. Garrison renders ample testimony to the friend and preceptor from whom he derived his doctrines, his enthusiasm, and who animated his courage for his lifelong work of abolition.
“Boston, Nov. 18, 1858. I confess my early and large indebtedness to him for enabling me to apprehend, with irresistible clearness, the inherent patibility with the spirit and precepts of Christianity. I felt and was inspired by the magnetism of his lion-hearted soul, which knew nothing of fear, and trampled upon all compromises with oppression, yet was full of womanly gentleness and susceptibility; and mightily did he aid the Antislavery cause in its earliest states by his advocacy of the doctrine of immediate and unconditional emancipation, his exposure of the hypocrisy of the Colonization Scheme, and his reprobation of a “Negro-hating, slaving-holding religion.” He was both a “sun of thunder,” and “a son of consolation.” Never has slavery had a more indomitable foe or freedom a truer friend.
William Lloyd Garrison.
“You inquire whether you father was not the author of the work entitled Slavery Illustrated in its Effects upon Woman, published in this city, in 1837, by Isaac Knapp. He was, as every line of it bears witness. I wish it could be republished and a million copies of it be distributed broadcast…
Yours to break every yoke, 
Wm Lloyd Garrison to Theodore Bourne.”
New York and the publication of The Protestant.
While other champions have arisen who have done valiantly for the Church of Christ against Rome, to him belongs the credit of taking the early lead in the conflict against the Papacy in the United States. Having thoroughly investigated the system in Canada, he beheld with alarm the prospect of its growth in the United States, from the European immigration which commenced to increase in volume about the year 1828. He determined to return to New York and make it his special duty to withstand the inroads of Romanism, and arouse the attention of American Christians to the true character and design of the Papacy, and to the dangers which would environ the Republic should Popism gain ascendancy. With this design he removed to New York in October 1828, and on the first day of January 1830, he commenced the publication of The Protestant, the first Journal published in America devoted to the antipapal controversy.
Raising the standard of Protestantism, 1830.
When he raised the standard of Protestantism, in 1830 in New York, there was no “Protestant Society”, no “Christian Alliance” or “Christian Union,” to stand behind and encourage him.
Protestant Reformation Society.
He was the originator of the “Protestant Reformation Society,” which led to other associations, the Christian Alliance being one of them; these after a time united, and were merged into the “American and Foreign Christian Union...
Dr W C Brownless became his principal coadjutor, and the “Protestant Vindicator” succeeded to the “Protestant,” which maintained the controversy for some years longer. But he did not forget his ancient foe, slavery; he was equally devoted to the destruction of that iniquitous system, and as a result of his labors, coupled with those of Mr. Garrison, who had established the “Liberator” in Boston, in 1831, the “American Antislavery Society” was formed. Thereafter his attention was divided between the two foes of the Republic and of a pure Christianity.
Opposition to Slavery sprang from within the Churches.
Under the title of "Picture of Slavery in the United States", he published his former work originally printed in Virginia. "The Book and Slavery Irreconcilable," adding largely to it from his personal recollections of the system and its evils, and illustrated with pictures of scenes that had occurred under his notice there. He also published "Slavery Illustrated in its Effect upon Woman," depicting the terrible social evils resulting from the complex features of Southern society, and the laws regulating slavery.
National Antislavery Society.
At a meeting of delegates to form a National Antislavery Society convened at Philadelphia, December 4, 1833, it was—
Resolved That George Bourne, William Lloyd Garrison, and Charles W Dennison, be a committee to prepare a synopsis of Wesley's Thoughts on Slavery, and of the Antislavery items in the note formerly existing in the Catechism of the Presbyterian Church of the United States; and of such other similar testimony as they can obtain, to be addressed to Methodists, Presbyterians, and all professed Christians in this country, and published under the sanction of this convention."
In conformity with that appointment the committee selected from the records of the Presbyterian Church every article of general interest which adverts to this momentous subject. This they published under the title of Presbyterianism and Slavery. They also published, under the title of Methodist Discipline, with every thing material in the tract of John Wesley respecting slavery.
These, with other valuable articles, appear as an "Appendix" to the Picture of Slavery, and afford important aid to those who seek for information upon those topics.
Antislavery Riots in New York, 1834.
Many of the old citizens of New York remember the bitterness of the contest, the stormy meetings, the continual uproar, and the frequent mobs and riots which the Antislavery controversy occasioned in New York as well as in numerous other localities. Some have thought that, if the doctrine of "compensated emancipation" had been presented instead of Abolition, the result would have been achieved without the terrible expenditure of life and treasure which eventuated. Others believe that no moral suasion or offered compensation could have removed the curse of slavery, and that it is useless in this case to speculate on "what might have been"—we know what was, and what has been—and that perhaps Divine Justice required the awful retribution of blood for blood. In this view it would seem that his eminent servant of God was conscious of a mission, that he could not avoid the duty allotted to him, and that his courage, fidelity, and intrepidity were bestowed upon him to enable him to discharge the task. A striking instance of his courage was admiringly related by the late Thomas Downing and by Dr Henry Highland Garnet, as occurring during the Antislavery riots in New York about the year 1834:
An Antislavery meeting was held at Broadway Hall, in Broadway, above Howard Street, next to the famous Tattersalls. That large, quaint building stood gable end to the street, and its sloping roof descended just below the side windows of the hall of the meeting. Among other noted speakers Mr Garrison was present; while the exercises were progressing, an onslaught was made upon the meeting by the "plug-uglies," and other ruffians, sworn to exterminate the Abolition fanatics. Armed with sticks and clubs, and with a furious noise, they rushed upon the terrified audience, aiming particularly, however, at the rostrum and the speakers. Mr Garrison was safely got away through one of the side windows. George Bourne stood forth to receive the "Tammany Braves," and placing his cane before him with hands extended he said, "Stand back, ye villains! What do you want here? Stand back I say!" The leaders and the advancing band stood still for a moment in astonishment and mute admiration of the courage of the burly looking "dominie," whose splendid physique and fearless eye showed them an undaunted foe. At last one of them swung his hat and cried out "Three cheers for the dominie!" which they gave with a will, and leaving him unmolested, they chased out the remainder of the audience, who were glad to escape without personal violence.
Garrison, the special object of their venom, escaped unharmed.
Dutch Reformed Church of New York.
Shortly after his return to New York from Canada, he united with the Reformed (Dutch) Classis of New York, of which he continued a member until his death. His first pastoral charge in New York was in Provost-street, (now Franklin,) afterward at Huston and Forsyth Streets, and subsequently at West Farms, but most of his time was devoted to the controversy against Popism and slavery.
He edited and had republished many of the controversial works of the sixteenth and following centuries. Among others Fulke's Confutation of the Rhemish Testament Notes, and the Rhemish Testament;" Baxter's "Key for Catholics or Jesuit Juggling:" Scipio DeRicci's Female Convents; "Secreta Monita," of the Jesuits; "Taxatio Paplis;" "History of the Waldenses" "Middleton's Letter from Rome"; "Luther, on the Galatians;" "Davenant on Colossians;" "Bower's History of the Popes, etc.
Various biographies of the early 20th century U.S. antiwar socialist Greenwich Village radical Randolph Bourne, mention a grandfather on his father, Charles Bourne's side, who was a famous abolitionist, a pastor at Sleepy Hollow, and a writer.
Randolph Bourne's great-grandfather was Rev George Bourne. His grandfather was Rev Theodore Bourne, the writer of the above extracts. George Bourne was a pastor at Sing Sing Academy in Mount Pleasant, Sleepy Hollow County, New York, where Theodore Bourne was born.
Other family members of the Bourne family that worked for the abolition of slavery were Stephen Bourne, Special Magistrate to Jamaica, Stephen's son, Henry Richard Fox Bourne, Samuel Bourne of Antiqua, Christopher S Bourne, Dr George M Bourne; Rev Rowland Hill Bourne, and Rev Theodore Bourne.

</doc>
<doc id="2865187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865187" title="Smuttynose Brewing Company">
Smuttynose Brewing Company

Smuttynose Brewing Company is a brewery founded in 1994 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, USA. It is named after Smuttynose Island, one of the Isles of Shoals.
Founded in 1994 by Peter Egelston as a joint partnership with Ipswich Brewery (now Mercury Brewing Company), Egelston quickly became the sole owner.
In 2004, Smuttynose considered relocating to the historic mills in Newmarket, New Hampshire, but the deal fell through in late 2005. Subsequently, Smuttynose began working on plans to build a new brewery on a parcel along U.S. Route 1 in Portsmouth, but the project met community opposition and was abandoned. As of 2010, Smuttynose is in the process of building a new brewery and restaurant in the town of Hampton, New Hampshire.
In 2008, the output of the brewery was 20,000 barrels per year. Gross sales for Smuttynose Brewing Company in 2009 were $5.7 million.
The year-round beer lineup consists of Shoals Pale Ale, Smuttynose IPA (aka Finestkind IPA), Star Island Single, Old Brown Dog, and Smuttynose Robust Porter. Seasonals include Summer Weizen, Pumpkin Ale and Winter Ale. Hanami Ale, a seasonal Belgian-inspired cherry ale introduced in the spring of 2007, was discontinued in 2011. The Big Beer Series, released throughout the year in 22-oz bottles, includes Barleywine, Wheat Wine, Imperial Stout, Scotch Ale, S'muttonator Doublebock, Maibock, Baltic Porter, Gravitation Belgian-style Quad, Farmhouse Ale, Zinneke Belgian-style Stout and Homunculus. Rotational beers include international award winner, Big A IPA, Vunderbar Pils, and Noonan, a Black IPA named for craft brewing pioneer Greg Noonan. Short Batch beers are one-off releases that range from 20 to 50 barrels in volume and are intended for experimentation with new ingredients, styles and techniques. Editions of the Short Batch Series have included a brown porter made with black trumpet mushrooms, a strawberry Berliner Weisse, an organic Kolsch and a wet-hop ale.
Smuttynose beer is distributed through a network of 45 wholesalers in 19 states (from Maine to Florida, as well as Ohio, Wisconsin and Illinois).

</doc>
<doc id="2865195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865195" title="Semper paratus">
Semper paratus

Semper Paratus (Latin: "Always Prepared") is perhaps most well known as the motto of the United States Coast Guard, and their marching song Semper Paratus. Many organizations and groups around the world use the motto.

</doc>
<doc id="2865209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865209" title="Paraisópolis">
Paraisópolis


</doc>
<doc id="2865216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865216" title="Desamparados (canton)">
Desamparados (canton)

Desamparados is the name of the 3rd canton in the province of San José in Costa Rica. The canton covers an area of 118.26 km², and has a population of 206,708, making it the third most populated among the 81 cantons of Costa Rica. The capital city of the canton is also called Desamparados.
The canton begins in the southern suburbs of the national capital city of San José, with the Río Tiribí marking its northern boundary. It snakes its way south in the shape of a backward ´S´, finally reaching its southern limit at the Río Tarrazú.
Urban areas claim 80.4% of the canton's population. Those under age 10 make up 19.8% of its inhabitants, while 5.1% are over 65.
Districts.
The canton of Desamparados is subdivided into 13 districts ("distritos"):
History.
The canton was established by a legislative decree of November 4, 1862.
Sports.
The football soccer club Orión F.C. de Desamparados plays here.

</doc>
<doc id="2865218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865218" title="Personal equation">
Personal equation

The personal equation, in 19th- and early 20th-century science, referred to the idea that every individual observer had an inherent bias when it came to measurements and observations. 
Astronomy.
The term originated in astronomy, when it was discovered that numerous observers making the simultaneous observations would record slightly different values (for example, in recording the exact time at which a star crossed a wire in a telescope view-finder), some of which were of a significant enough difference to afford for problems in larger calculations.
In response to this realization, astronomers became increasingly suspicious of the results of other astronomers and their own assistants, and began systematic programs to attempt to find ways to remove or lessen the effects. These included attempts at the automation of observations (appealing to the presumed objectivity of machines), training observers to try to avoid certain known errors (such as those caused by lack of sleep), developing machines which could allow multiple observers to make observations at the same time, the taking of redundant data and using techniques such as the method of least squares to derive possible values from them, and trying to quantify the biases of individual workers so that they could be subtracted from the data. It became a major topic in experimental psychology as well, and was a major motivation for developing methods to deal with error in astronomy.
James and Jung.
Henry James helped move the concept of the personal equation from astronomy to social science, arguing that theoretical preconceptions and personal knowledge could lead investigators to wild interpretations based largely on their own personal equations.
Carl Jung took up the idea in his book Psychological Types, arguing that in psychology "one sees what one can best see oneself". He continued to wrestle in later writings with the problems of psychological solipsism and infinite regress this potentially posed, and considered every therapist should have at least a good working knowledge of his or her own personal equation.

</doc>
<doc id="2865221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865221" title="Silveiras">
Silveiras

Silveiras is a municipality in São Paulo State, Brazil. The population in 2004 was 5,616, the density was 13.51/km² and the area is 415.74 km². The elevation is 615 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2865231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865231" title="MercyMe">
MercyMe

MercyMe is an American Christian rock band founded in Greenville, Texas. The band consists of vocalist Bart Millard, keyboardist James Bryson, percussionist Robby Shaffer, bassist Nathan Cochran and guitarists Michael Scheuchzer and Barry Graul.
The band formed in 1994 and released six independent albums prior to signing with INO Records in 2001.
The group first gained mainstream recognition with the crossover single, "I Can Only Imagine" which elevated their debut album, "Almost There", to double platinum certification. Since then, the group has released six additional studio albums (four of which have been certified gold) and a greatest hits album, "10". The group has also had 13 consecutive top 5 singles on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart, with 7 of them reaching No. 1. MercyMe has won 8 Dove Awards and has had numerous Grammy Award nominations. On April 8, 2014, the band released its eighth studio album titled "Welcome to the New".
History.
Formation and early years.
Born into a family as the son of Southern Methodist University All-American player Arthur Millard and the brother of a football player, MercyMe's lead singer, Bart Millard wanted to become a football player, yet his football career ended when he injured his ankles in a high school football game. As a result of his injury, Millard took choir as an elective. During his freshmen year in college, Bart had to endure the death of his father. His youth pastor, who had moved from Texas to Florida, invited Bart to work with his youth group’s worship band. Millard accepted his invitation and went on to work on the video and sound systems for the group. On a day when the band’s lead singer got stuck on stage, Bart took the challenge of singing for the group. James (Jim) Bryson played piano for that band and later went on to play with Bart Millard and the worship band on a trip to Switzerland. This trip became the cause of Millard and Bryson’s consideration of playing music full-time. Millard and his friend, guitarist Mike Scheuchzer, moved to Oklahoma City to form MercyMe with Bryson. The trio set up a studio and a “living area” in an old abandoned day-care center. Bassist Nathan Cochran and Drummer Robby Shaffer joined the band later on, accompanying the band on releasing six independent projects before signing with INO Records in 2001. Unlike their first three major label albums, their earlier indie projects tended to orient more towards rock rhythms. The group’s name, “MercyMe”, originated during Bart’s time as a youth ministry intern in Florida. Concerned that her grandson was home whenever she called, Bart’s grandmother would exclaim, “Well mercy me, why don’t you get a real job?”
"Almost There", "Spoken For" and "Undone" (2001-2004).
After signing with INO Records, the band released its first major debut album, "Almost There". The single "I Can Only Imagine" earned the band a Dove Award in 2002 for song of the year; however, it was not until three years after its release before the song began to gain mainstream success, topping the "Billboard" 200 sales chart for seven weeks, and peaking at No. 71 on the Hot 100, No. 33 on the Mainstream Top 40, No. 27 on the Adult Top 40, No. 5 on the Adult Contemporary, and No. 52 on the Country Songs charts. The success of the single ultimately propelled "Almost There" to being certified double platinum, representing sales of over 2 million albums, as well as the single itself being certified platinum.
In 2002, MercyMe "Spoken For", which peaked at No. 2 on the Christian Albums chart. The album's two singles, "Spoken For" and "Word of God Speak" went on to peak at No. 1 hits on Christian radio charts, with Word of God Speak spending a record 22 weeks atop the newly created "Billboard" Christian Songs chart.
The album was eventually certified gold by the RIAA.
Spoken For earned the band three Dove Awards, but was to a certain extent overlooked by the attention that “I Can Only Imagine” was receiving in the mainstream markets at the time.
In 2003, guitarist Barry Graul, who had previously been with the Christian hard rock band Whitecross, joined MercyMe, giving MercyMe a second guitarist to provide greater depth on their third studio album, "Undone". In 2004, the band headlined the “Imagine Tour” with fellow artists Amy Grant and Bebo Norman. In addition to headlining the "Imagine Tour", MercyMe released their third major label album, "Undone", which peaked at No. 12 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the Christian Albums charts, their highest debut on the chart at that point. The album spawned three successful singles - "Here With Me" (which topped the Christian Songs chart as well as reaching No. 12 on the Adult Contemporary chart and No. 38 on the Adult Top 40 chart), "Homesick" (which reached No. 3 on the Christian Songs chart and No. 9 on the Adult Contemporary charts), and "In the Blink of an Eye"(which topped the Christian Songs chart). The album itself won a Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 36th GMA Dove Awards, and was certified gold by the RIAA.
MercyMe also released a live video album, "MercyMe Live", in 2004, which eventually was certified platinum by the RIAA.
"The Christmas Sessions" and "Coming Up To Breathe" (2005-2006).
In 2005, MercyMe launched a tour with Jeremy Camp, The Afters and Monk and Neagle in support of their album, "Undone".
After releasing "Undone" in 2004, the band took a time to rest before releasing their next big release, so the band, seeing an opportunity, decided to work on a Christmas record. "The Christmas Sessions" was recorded and ended up being released on September 27, 2005. "The Christmas Sessions" spawned 7 songs which hit the top 40 on the Christian Songs chart (with one hitting No. 1 and two others reaching the top ten), and four of these charted in the top 40 of the Adult Contemporary chart (with one peaking in the top 10). The album itself peaked at No. 64 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 3 on the Christian Songs chart.
To promote "The Christmas Sessions", MercyMe had a Christmas tour with Steven Curtis Chapman, who also released a Christmas album that year titled "All I Really Want for Christmas".
In 2006, MercyMe released "Coming Up To Breathe", which charted at No. 13 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the Christian Albums chart. Although the band had earned a reputation for being an adult contemporary group with their other albums, the group decided to make "Coming Up To Breathe" a more rock-oriented album, in the vein of their earlier grunge-influenced albums. As such, it also peaked at no, 5 on the Top Rock Albums chart and No. 13 on the Top Alternative Albums chart, their only chart appearances on these records to date.
"Coming Up To Breathe" spawned three radio singles ("So Long Self", "Hold Fast", and "Bring the Rain"), two of which ("So Long Self" and "Bring The Rain") reached the top spot on the Christian Songs chart. "So Long Self" and "Hold Fast" also both reached the top 30 on the Adult Contemporary chart. "Coming Up To Breathe" was eventually certified gold by the RIAA.
In support of "Coming Up To Breathe", MercyMe headlined the “Coming Up To Breathe Tour”, along with Audio Adrenaline (on its farewell tour) and Phil Wickham, seeing half their shows sell out two weeks into the tour.
"All That is Within Me", "Coming Up To Breathe: Acoustic", and "10" (2007-2009).
On November 20, 2007, MercyMe released "All That Is Within Me". Millard, the band’s lead singer, had believed that All That is Within Me was going to be a worship album with half of the songs being cover songs and the other half original songs; however, when the band got in studio, they ended up having written all the songs found in this album.
Upon release, the album peaked at No. 15 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the Christian Songs chart. The album contained three singles (“God With Us”, “You Reign” and “Finally Home”), all of which reached the top 3 on the Christian Songs chart; "Finally Home" also peaked at No. 17 on the Adult Contemporary chart (their last appearance on the chart to date). "All That Is Within Me" was also certified gold by the RIAA.
In 2008, the band released Coming Up To Breathe: Acoustic, an acoustic version of their earlier release "Coming Up To Breathe".
On April 7, 2009, MercyMe released their first greatest hits compilation, "10", a double album consisting of 15 studio recordings (12 of which were previously singles and 3 of which were new recordings) and 11 live or concept videos, as well as several documentaries on the band. The album charted at No. 18 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the Christian Songs chart, although no singles were released from the album.
"The Generous Mr. Lovewell" and "The Worship Sessions" (2010-2011).
MercyMe's sixth studio album, "The Generous Mr. Lovewell", was released on May 4, 2010. The album itself peaked at No. 3 on the "Billboard" 200 (MercyMe's highest debut to date and first top 5 album ever on the chart) and No. 1 on the Christian Albums chart. The album (a concept album relating around the overall theme of love and vaguely relating to its self-titled character) has also spawned three singles - "All of Creation", "Beautiful", and "Move", all of which reached the top spot on the Christian Songs chart. Upon wrapping up "The Generous Mr. Lovewell" tour, MercyMe was asked to perform the national anthem at a Dallas Cowboys game.
In 2011, the band released "The Worship Sessions", a worship album that was released exclusively at Family Christian Book Stores.
"The Hurt & The Healer" and "Welcome to the New" (2012–present).
"The Hurt & The Healer" was released on May 22, 2012 by Fair Trade and Columbia Records. The album debuted at No. 7 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 33,000 copies.
"Welcome to the New", the band's eighth studio album, was released on April 8, 2014 and is produced by David Garcia and Ben Glover.
Charity.
In 2005, MercyMe participated in a benefit concert at Belmont University with various other country, gospel and contemporary Christian artists for the people affected by the Asian Tsunami.
In 2009, MercyMe conducted a tour in partnership with Compassion International and Imagine A Cure in order to raise money to help kids with diabetes through Imagine A Cure and people with medical needs around the world through Compassion International.
The Go Foundation.
"I Would Die For You", a song from their fourth album, "Coming Up to Breathe", was dedicated to BJ Higgins, a young boy who contracted bubonic plague on the mission fields of Peru. The song has been used to raise money for The Go Foundation, which was born out of Higgins' untimely death.
Tour bus accident.
On Saturday, August 8, 2009 at approximately 1:15 am in Fort Wayne, Indiana, the MercyMe tour bus was traveling through an intersection on a green light when an oncoming passenger vehicle made a left turn on red into the path of the bus which resulted in a collision killing two passengers of the car and the unborn baby of the vehicle's driver. MercyMe was to perform at Six Flags St. Louis but the park issued a statement saying the show was rescheduled because the band was "involved in a vehicle accident in Indiana." 
Despite news reports claiming that the band remained silent during the days after to the crash, not contacting the family of the deceased and injured, MercyMe did release a statement through their publicist the day of the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="2865234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865234" title="Kidepo Valley National Park">
Kidepo Valley National Park

Kidepo Valley National Park is a national park in the Karamoja region in northeast Uganda. Kidepo is rugged savannah, dominated by the Mount Morungole and transected by the Kidepo and Narus rivers.
Location.
Kidepo Valley National park is located in Kaabong District, in the northeastern corner of Uganda. The park is located approximately , by road northwest of Moroto, the largest town in the sub-region. Its location is approximately , by road, northeast of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.
The northwestern boundary of the park runs along the international frontier with South Sudan and abuts against the Kidepo Game Reserve.
History.
Dodoth pastoralists and Ik farmers lived in the area before it was gazetted as a game reserve by the British colonial government in 1958. The purpose was both to protect the animals from hunting and to prevent further clearing of bush for tsetse fly-control. The eviction of the resident people and the resultant famine, especially among the Ik, is cited in contemporary protected area management as an example of the unacceptable consequences of not taking community needs into account when designating reserves.
The newly independent Government of Uganda under Milton Obote converted the reserve into the Kidepo Valley National Park in 1962.
The first Chief Warden of the National Park was Ian Ross, a Briton. In 1972 Paul Ssali, a Ugandan, replaced him. Their handover and training was the subject of the 1974 American documentary film, "The Wild and the Brave." 
Geology.
The park consists of the two major valley systems of the Kidepo and Narus Rivers. The valley floors lie between and AMSL.
Kanangarok (also spelled Kananorok or Kanatarok) is a tepid hot spring in the extreme north of the Park, beside the South Sudanese boundary. This spring is the most permanent source of water in the park.
The soil in the park is clayey. In the Kidepo Valley black chalky clay and sandy-clay loam predominate, while the Narus Valley has freer-draining red clays and loams.
Biology.
Most of the park is open tree savannah. Because of differences in rainfall — with annual averages of in Narus and in the Kidepo basin — vegetation and animal populations vary between the two valleys.
Narus Valley.
Primary grasses in the Narus Valley are the shorter red oat grass and taller bunchy Guinea grass and fine thatching grass.
Common trees in the drier areas are red thorn acacias, desert dates, and to a lesser extent drumstick trees. The iconic sausage trees and fan palms line the water courses. Euphorbia candelabrum and the shorter monkey bread (or camel's foot) and Buffalo thorn trees are also found. 
Perennial water makes River Kidepo an oasis in the semi-desert which hosts over 86 mammal species including lion, cheetah, leopard, bat-eared fox, giraffe — as well as almost 500 bird species.
Kidepo Valley.
Streams in the Kidepo Valley are likewise dotted with palms. Higher areas have whistling thorn acacias bush.
Park Management.
The park is managed by the Uganda Wildlife Authority. The USAID is currently (as of August 2013) financing the improvement of roads within the park.
Leadership.
The administration of the park is led by a Chief Warden. This position has been held by the following wardens:
ODUR first black African to be chief park warden managed Kidepo in the 1960s before Paul Ssali
Edward Asalu as chief park warden
Capt. John Emille Otekat also worked as chief park warden 
Finances.
In the fiscal year 2009-2010 Kidepo received 294M Uganda Shillings (US$129k or €99k as of August 1, 2010) from 2100 visitors. By the 2012-2013 fiscal year this had grown to UGX 466M ($178k or €134k as of August 1, 2013) from 2300 visitors.
Conservation Activity.
Giraffe.
During the 1960s Kidepo had a sustainable Rothschild giraffe population of over 400 animals. By 1992 this had been poached down to only three animals, including a single female. In 1997 Warden Peter Möller obtained funding from the Frankfurt Zoological Society to translocate giraffes from Kenya's Lake Nakuru National Park. One female died in the holding facility in Lake Nakuru. Two females and one male were flown to Kidepo. In Kidepo one male was eaten by lions shortly after being released.
Tourism.
Game viewing is possible by vehicle on dirt roads that crisscross the southern and western parts of the park. A few trunk roads are improved with murram and are passable in all weather.

</doc>
<doc id="2865239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865239" title="Irwin Toy Ltd. v. Quebec (Attorney General)">
Irwin Toy Ltd. v. Quebec (Attorney General)

Irwin Toy Ltd. v. Quebec (Attorney General), 1 S.C.R. 927 is a landmark Supreme Court of Canada decision on freedom of expression in section 2(b) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court held that in order to determine if a breach of section 2(b) had occurred one first had to determine whether the conduct constituted non violent activity which attempted to convey meaning. This changed the law of the constitution of Quebec. The next step was to consider whether the effect or purpose of the legislation was to restrict freedom of expression. Applying the analysis, the Court held that a Quebec law that restricted advertising directed to children was valid law which violated section 2(b) but could be justified under section 1.
Background.
The province of Quebec passed legislation that prohibited "commercial advertising directed at persons under thirteen years of age". The law was challenged on the basis that it violated the freedom of expression under section 2(b) of the "Charter".
Reasons of the court.
Chief Justice Dickson, Justice Lamer, and Justice Wilson wrote the decision of the majority.
Expression.
The Justices considered the rationale of the freedom of expression provision and enumerated three grounds:
The Justices then considered the scope of expression. They defined it broadly as any activity that "attempts to convey meaning". However, it excluded nonsensical activities that are "purely physical and not convey or attempt to convey meaning" as well as activities that are of a violent form.
The majority re-affirmed the decision of "Ford v. Quebec" (1988) by finding that freedom of expression included advertising. Accordingly, they found that the Quebec law violated section 2(b).
Justified limitation.
The Justices then considered whether the law was justified under section 1. They dismissed the argument that the law was not prescribed by law. A law only needed to have an "intelligible standard" which the Quebec law satisfied.
On the inquiry into minimal impairment the Court held that when the government attempts to justify the necessity of a complete ban, courts will not be restrictive to social sciences, however, the government must establish a “sound evidentiary basis” for their conclusions.
The Court was unsympathetic to the harm to Irwin. The effects of the ban, said the Court, were not so severe as to override the objective of the ban. The advertisers would always be able to direct ads to adults or use other means to sell children’s products.

</doc>
<doc id="2865245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865245" title="Gul Lasht Zom">
Gul Lasht Zom

Gul Lasht Zom is a snowy pinnacle easily visible from any vantage point on the Tirich Glacier from the Shagroom side. It lies in the Hindu Kush range of Pakistan. It offers easy climbing and was first climbed by Kurt Diemberger of Austria. 

</doc>
<doc id="2865255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865255" title="Lysaker">
Lysaker

Lysaker is an area in Bærum municipality, Akershus county, Norway. Lysaker is the easternmost part of Bærum, and borders Oslo proper. Lysaker was initially a farming community, later becoming a residential area. Today it is primarily known as a business and trade area, and a public transport hub. It is considered part of Stor-Oslo (Greater Oslo), and is home to the offices of numerous national and international businesses.
Geographical location.
Lysaker is located where a stream, Lysakerelva, empties into Lysakerfjorden—a branch of the Oslofjorden. This stream is the western border of Oslo proper.
To the south-east Lysaker is bordered by the fjord. To the south-west is the Fornebu area, where one of Oslos two airports were located until Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, was expanded in order to handle all the traffic alone. To the west and north are the primarily residential areas of Stabekk and Jar. To the east is Sollerud and Lilleaker in Ullern borough.
History.
Lysaker, meaning "bright acres" was originally the name of a farm. Its buildings were located along the fjord on the western bank of the river, where today there are business headquarters. In 1624, with the establishment of the Kongsberg Sølvverk (Kongsberg Silver Mines) a road was built through the area, leading directly to central Oslo, and a bridge was built over the stream approximately where today's bridge is located. This led to economic development and increased settlement for in area.
In 1872 the railroad to Drammen was built, passing through the Lysaker area and crossing the stream, where a station was built. This led to further increase in business and settlement and was the beginnings of Lysaker as a transport hub.
By the 1900s Lysaker was a primarily residential area, and its main claim to fame was that the polar explorer Fridtjof Nansen took up residence there. He built a house he called Polhøgda, and lived there until his death in 1930, upon which he was buried on the grounds. Today Polhøgda houses the Fridtjof Nansen Institute, and tours of the premises are available. Simultaneously, Lysaker was home to "Lysakerkretsen" (The Lysaker Circle), a name coined for a group of artists and intellectuals who resided there in the early 1900s.
The most notable industry at the time was Granfos Brug, a major timber refining and paper manufacturing company established in 1869. Timber was floated down the Lysakerelva to the factory, where it was refined and shipped out to national and international customers by way of the fjord. Granfos Brug was closed in 1981, and the factory buildings are now an office park.
After the Second World War Oslo developed rapidly and so land became more scarce and expensive, eventually forcing big businesses in need of large plots of land to look at the surrounding areas. During the 1970s Lysaker became attractive due to its location between, and good transport connections with, the affluent residential areas of Bærum, Oslo proper, and Fornebu Airport. During the 1980s the old, polluted industrial sites and central residential areas became the subjects of major developments, eventually forming Lysaker into the commercial hub of today.
As more workplaces were added, so the need for transport and other services increased and businesses such as the CC Vest shopping centre were established. Unfortunately, much land in central Lysaker was occupied by motorway intersections, rails and the stream. Accordingly, in the late 1990s and 2000s large concrete "lids" were placed over the stream and motorway intersections. Thus, space was made for more buildings, as well as a major expansion of the railway station. Accordingly, the Lysaker of today is quite unrecognizable as compared to 30 years ago, with much of the central part and the railways elevated above ground level.
One architectural feature worth noting is that the characteristic round shape of the Klaveness building (belonging to the shipping company Torvald Klaveness) has become a recurring theme in newer office structures built around it. Also, the area around the stream before it goes "underground" in central Lysaker has been set aside and developed as a public park, with new or renovated bridges from Lysaker to the Lilleaker area in Oslo.
Economy.
Lysaker is home to numerous businesses, and several companies have international headquarteres there. Among the more notable are the shipping company Wilh. Wilhelmsen, seismic technology company Petroleum Geo-Services, energy company Statkraft and airline Widerøe.
Amongst the numerous companies that have national headquarters in Lysaker are frozen foods maker Findus, insurance company If, communications company Nokia and IT-companies Oracle and Microsoft.
Transport.
Lysaker serves as the major transport hub in the western part of Greater Oslo. Norway's busiest motorway, the E18 between Oslo and Drammen, cuts through the area - as well as the main railway line from Oslo to southern and western Norway.
Lysaker is served by numerous local and regional bus lines and railway lines, as well as a ferry service crossing the Oslo Fjord. This makes Lysaker a very busy commuter exchange.

</doc>
